Q&A: https://youtu.be/U6Crdz7Uo7c
Showing off didnt pay eh?
🚢🚢
Why do these ships just not slow down
0:26 I imagined Orson Welles saying this. XD 2:11 :)
I have watched this video/several reactions to it dozens of times. This is my favorite video on the internet.
9:00 Make me think about this Crabe short french animation. ?v=xPgx6p5lPno
In fairness, the fact bro was still entrusted with captaining a ship with his track record completely explains his denial about real-time events.
3:18 I've probably watched this video a thousand times and I've never noticed that joke
What I don't understand is why you would have crew people on the ship that don't speak the same language complete lunacy in my opinion
Me saying loud "god was the Euro strong back then" at 33:15 😂
Came here after watchin Heweliusz on Netflix
04:43
wait this is not the shit ship accident
In January 2025  Scetino, Sketino? the captain dude, pled to try and receive a partial release, this would allow him to serve the rest of his prison sentence in more comfortable living circumstances. Presumably house arrest. The mad lad just doesn't give up.
Long before the Trucking Saars of Death, There was Jacob Rusli Bin.
I never realized how much halo music you used in this video
The deputy mayor is the real hero here
Those before and after pictures are absolutely haunting!!!! 😢 🙏 rip
If only Nordman were there to save them
He should get out of prison in 2033
Everyone's talking about how much of a hero De Falco is, but Pelon really needs some recognition for keeping the ship both powered and not on fire whilst constantly putting up with Schettino's bullshit questions.
Captain will be free soon. 16 years is not enough
Who came better after Zack d films
You inspired me to start making videos
6:23
6:22
Seriously one of the best YouTube videos every uploaded to the platform, I still come back and take a little watch every few months
"no more long videos on the main channel, only 10-15 minute videos" Ever Given is an hour and thirty minutes long
Unlike the Titanic, this shipwreck had the funniest ending 😏
poor ship
cum o moldovanca o facut atatea probleme intrun video iaibu😭
Awesome video.
ive watched this a minimum of 3 times since release. the story telling is legendary. internet historian is da goat
Who steals a bell, me brother
12:10
24:06 titanic was not a cruise ship 24:16 also cruise liner isn’t a real term
"You cannot make film movie! It's not allowed!" Would she also complain if someone smoked after a plane crash because of the no smoking sign? There's bigger things to worry about.
10:41 peak of Foley sounds
The Halo music kickin in hit me like a freight train, damn
Came back after watching Ever Given Ever Taken Away and feeling disappointed. Lightning in a bottle.
The hellsman hella got me stressing and hating his ahh 😂
31:14 of course she became a political activist. It sounded like Schettino wasn't the meal ticket she thought he was.   Also, why support the blocking of shares of Maldova's train network to Russia? Was that a particularly big political issue at the time or was that just European political activists being weird?
Internet Historian needs to do the infamous poop cruise around the Gulf Of Mexico.
Its a good thing concordia HR decided to save the few bucks on the DEI guy who didnt speak english or italian
31:03 between ukraine and romania
When you have mafia connections?  How else do you keep your license after the second crash?
21:36 pissed me off way more than it should have lol
25:16 I hope you ate that spaghetti.
brooooooooo the drugs edit caught me off guard, damn i love this storytelling
The "Cost of an Accordion" was too much luxury
wow, this is soo sad. great video. see if you can  get a job with our local news here in Portland, Oregon. thanks bye.
I probably rewatched this like a 100 times
42:50 Looking back, I thought this was a corrupt half ruling. But the recent Diddy verdict has taught me that our system is somehow even more screwed. Schatino was imprisoned for 16 years for something he did in one night. P Diddy is serving less than 4 years for 16 years worth of heinous abuse. Let that sink in.
Playing My Heart Will Go On in this situation is either the scariest or funniest thing depending on the perspective. I would feel both. Fearful but a little less so I could get a chuckle in before possible death.
You have to give the tourists on the cruise credit the second the power went out they instantly knew what to do and get to muster stations
the captain could have at least LOOKED like he was brave because cowards in positions of command are punished harder for cowardice. he knew it grounded, so it wouldn't sink completely, he could have belted his arm to the helm to look like he was going to go down with it, despite full well knowing it wouldn't. I am just surprised he was so overtly cowardly.
What idiocy.
6:27 he's turning in the wrong direction... or is he. Maybe that's exactly what happened
U r no aalow to maka film movie
"Hungary has no law for insurance fraud."  Wait, WE DON'T?!
The bell sound as it hot the water was just chef's kiss.
Ayo, my grandparents where there. When it started to sink they where dining all dressed up, nonno Gio got up and fucked up the blocked door
Stop wasting food. (I live in Africa)
This is just like his Suez Canal video, but way more funny
Nice words
2:37
I hate when corporations get highly unskilled labour from south/southeast asia because it's cheaper. It makes your company suck, and your other workers miserable trying to deal with their dumb asses
"We were the last to leave the ship" as the camera pans over to patrons still climbing down the side of the ship on a ladder.
There's a reason the number one rule is do not panic.   Panic makes smart people do dumb things.   Panic makes dumb people do stupid things.   Panic makes stupid people do things that kill them.   There is no situation where panic will benefit anyone.
If you're not willing to go down with your ship in the event of tragedy, you have no business becoming a captain.
I didn't even know the captain had caused several crashes before this one. The fact that he only got 16 years really sucks after learning this. He deserves a life sentence or a straight up deletion (can't say the word or YouTube will delete my comment)
Naval Historian
This video has become my favorite lullaby to bring me to sleep...
L
The halo music really is a great touch
14:08 Im so sorry
Pretty telling how this keeps happening in our highly internationalized world. So many accidents because of cultural incompatibilties, don't speak the language, or a company hires people in a country on the other side of the world for pennies on the dollar to cut costs. That's what happened with some of the Boeing crashes, literally crashing planes because they thought paying Indians $10/hr to write code was a smart costcutting maneuver.
31:34 “yap yap yap”? Those seem like worthy causes, if that’s all she used her notoriety for then good for her. Better than becoming an influencer and going on a “celebrity” reality show. Would you have preferred if she had campaigned for men’s rights and straight pride, is that the problem? Or against “mainstream news”?
22:17 “mainstream news” is this channel run by twitter idiots? Far right supporters who don’t like be called what they are? Wtf? The “mainstream news” were reporting on this live as it happened, they showed more competence and professionalism than the crew and certainly much more than the captain. Please tell me what are your better sources of news than mainstream news? What’s better than the NYT, Guardian, Financial Times, and reputable news channels that create video content for broadcast based on the reports of the journalists from these outlets and associated press and reuters? Please, oh wise one, what is thy source of truth?
9:00 Wth is Michael Stevens doing aboard the Costa Concordia?
24:05 The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship but an ocean liner. Cruise ships didn't exist in 1912, the first were built in the 30s or 40s. So technically, the Costa Concordia was the biggest cruise ship tragedy ever.
30:17 I'll never understand how people can scour through hours of videos and splice them together to get exact words like this 🤣 that's putting in some effort
I had a friend who was on that ship and was rescued. Sent me to this page. Now his  PTSD is back due to you. Thanks. I laughed my arse though...
Yikes, some people are just scum
Bro that Linus ship tips meme hit me like the rocks
Fucking helmsman man
24:10 I would argue that the Estonia disaster on the 28 September 1994 with 852 of a total of 989 souls onboard was worse than the CC. And that is arguably even worse than the Titanic (survival rate of ~8% for Estonia vs. about one in three for the Titanic). There are a few other contenders for “worst peacetime maritime disasters”, but CC is not really among them.  It is rather a silly one though as it was caused by utter stupidity.
I hope the passenger who called her daughter got an award. Her intuition was SHARP.
21:58 toasting them makes them much less slippery!
Linus Ship Tips.... Fucking lol. You owe me a few ml of cider my dude.
The girl really need to get of the coke bruh
*The following are the musings of a Salty SEAGULL named EARL who just shows up in my posts whenever he feels like it!* [EARL the Salty SEAGULL:] 0:16 - "I too would probably think fondly of their buffets!" 0:52 - "Nice MY HEART WILL GO ON reference!" 1:02 - "Well that's cause it was a few years ago!" 1:16 - "Ay, matey she was a CURSED SHIP, she was!" 1:20 - "Oh, that is NOT A GOOD SIGN! Its quite a BAD OMEN for a SHIP for that bottle to not break! Sailors and us SEABIRDs know this to be a BAD OMEN!" 1:24 - "While I may be a skeptic, as a seafaring SEABIRD, I can't help but believe in such superstition in cases like this!" 1:26 - "A ship with a BAD OMEN sailing on Friday the 13th might as well sail under a giant ladder!" 1:32  - "Maybe the Mayan calender was predicting the end of the Costa Concordia! I mean given it was a CURSED SHIP sailing Friday the 13th in 2012! Now you can see why seafarers and SEABIRDs are superstitious cause the sea be a fickle mistress!" 1:35 - *SEAGULL Laugh* "DAMN, its insane how unluckly that ship was!" 1:37 - "The parallels are uncanny, yet I'd argue the Costa Concordia had the worst captain!" 1:45 - "Now your going to tell us how much he sucked!" 1:49 - "I'm thinking it was nepotism and/or total incompetence!" 2:00 - "Well I think we've already established this ship was not only DOOMED and had an abysmal LUCK stat, but also had an idiot at the controls!" 2:07 - "Nice Speed 2 reference!" 2:11 - "You just JINXED your vacation! Also missed a golden opportunity to say I HAVE A BAD FEELING ABOUT THIS!" 2:27 - "I love his making the Captain disappear off the ship after a disaster trick!" 2:30 - "The water from the Titanic's ICEBERG be like this ship is so CURSED it doesn't even need an ICEBERG to sink it as the CAPTAIN will do just fine!" 2:37 - "To be honest, I think it would be pretty annoying in addition to the danger!" 2:38 - "See knew the locals hated it! Hopefully if any good came out of this disaster it was such tradition was outlawed!" 3:33 - "Not only does the Captain suck, but he's got a freakin NOOB at the wheel with a language barrier!" 4:03 - "Mario probably came to regret inventing that salute!" 4:35 - "Knowing how cursed this SHIP is I fear our magician and his assistants are going to have a BAD TIME!" 5:00 - "I'm starting to think the captain mumbles when he talks!" 11:02 - "Hopefully that saw doesn't injure anyone!" 11:08 - "I feel bad for the lady stuck in the box!" 12:30 - "Costa Concordia got struck in its Achilles' Heel! Not surprising given its BAD LUCK!" 12:55 - "Told you he had one hell of a disappearing act and he was kind enough to flip that latch to let his other assistant out!" 14:26 - *SEAGULL Laugh* "Somebody picked an odd choice of music to broadcast during a disaster!" 14:43 - "Hey, dumb@$$ maybe be honest with your crisis guys rather than lying about the severity of your situation!" 14:55 - "Wow, the WIND was actually being nice for once! Normally it just makes things worse! Seriously its also a much better captain! MOTHER NATURE may be the CRUELEST MOTHER OF ALL, but she still has her moments where she shows some mercy!" 15:47 - "Quit lying to him and call the damn coast guard!" 16:18 - "This guy knew he screwed up and was doing everything to protect his own @$$! Thank GOD the harbormasters weren't buying it!" 16:41 - "Dude might as well be putting his fingers into his ears and singing LA LA LA, I'm not listening!" 16:59 - "He's lying like a politician running for office!" 17:02 - "This guy is not only a coward but a total DUMB@$$!" 17:15 - "THANK GOD they didn't by what the Captain was trying to sell!" 17:21 - "Look I get they are trying to prevent the passengers from panicking, but they aren't stupid!" 17:30 - "I would say F this dumb narrative and do whatever I could to help get the passengers and myself off the ship!" 18:12 - "That safety officer had BALLz!" 19:45 - "The Captain is just denying reality at this point!" 20:16 - "You know a situation is bad when an actual politician is doing a better job than the Captain!" 20:21 - "I gotta salute this man! He went onboard ship in distress and took charge LIKE A BOSS!" 20:30 - "Sneaky little BA$TARD, ain't he?!" 20:36 - "Them feeling like RATs in a SINKING SHIP is an insult to actual SINKING RATs!" 20:55 - "That man was doing the true duty of a SAILOR during a situation like this!" 21:35 - "Well technically she is a passenger as she's certainly NO SAILOR!" 21:37 - "SHUT UP! He has every right to document this disaster as that footage can help the investigation! She should just be thankful she isn't part of the crew!" 22:04 - "De Falco is a real one for telling the captain to get back on board his ship! Its not that the captain is supposed to die with their ship but they should do everything in their power to save everyone they can before abandoning ship!" 22:54 - "BA$TARD deserved every second of it too!" 23:19 - "BULL$HIT! Soon everyone will know what a coward he is!" 23:53 - "DAMN that SHIP was so CURSED its last victim was a salvage worker!" 24:03 - "Well at least he died a HERO!" 25:00 - "Now its time for the good parts, the investigation and court proceedings that followed!" 25:29 - "Dang we got LOOTERs!" 25:40 - "Did it have BLACKJACK and HOOKERs too?!" 25:47 - "Nice LOOT BOX reference!" 25:57 - "Titanic is lucky that its so deep down that the only criminals who could reach it were the fixtional Lupin the 3rd and his gang!" 26:04 - "Hey, at least that BOOZE didn't go to waste!" 26:06 - "Presumably those that weren't broken in the crash!" 26:18 - "Those divers should have recovered that bell when they had the chance!" 26:33 - "Well it wouldn't be Italy without some good old fashioned organized crime!" 27:00 - "We all know that Aussie did it for the LOLz!" 27:13 - "Let me guess we are going to talk about the Captain and his Mistress!" 27:32 - "Oh, so she was part of the staff after all!" 27:40 - "I love the nickname Captain Coward!" 27:47 - "Eh, they was BANGING!" 28:12 - "Of course she did!" 28:23 - "Are we sure this post is legit?!" 28:37 - "Either its true or she's making $HIT up for fame!" 29:07 - "So he was a user?!" 29:13 - "Eh, I feel like it was either the LOOTERs or local sea life!" 29:24 - "Just cause you are BANGING the CAPTAIN, doesn't mean you get special helicopter taxi service!" 29:42 - "They got caught RED HANDED!" 30:49 - "Maybe she snotted all that missing COCAINE!" 35:45 - "CAPTAIN COWARD's MISTRESS WAS A STOWAWAY WASN'T SHE!" 45:13 - "You mean GUEST of DISHONOR!"
I have Concorded... but at what Cost..??
1:49 I actually looked it up. This is apparently false. He was originally trained to be a navigator and later became the Captain.
I like the halo music
Thanks for that great work.
Idiocracy is a documentary
Suez Canal got me in the mood for this
Brilliant
linus ship tips killed me
I probably wouldve passed out laughing if I saw that from the shore, "Look theyre coming in for a salute, everyone get your cameras!" SSKKKKKKRRRRRRSSSSHHHHH "everyone put your cameras away, oh the humanity!!" I'd be dead lmfao
Wow. That captain was a pathetic, dishonest, incompetent coward
Cemortan's "second time dying" speech to journalists is painful to watch....  B*tch, people ACTUALLY DIED because your boyfriend wanted to impress you....
The only british/Aussie guy I love
As someone that's never piloted a multi-million dollar ship, I could have done better.
10:14 the chuckle gets me everytime 😭
Concordia is also a Peruvian drink. When someone asked for a Concordia on the rocks, this isn't exactly what they had in mind.
Went on this ship a few weeks before the disaster. I have been on over 50 cruises, and this ship was so disorganized we called it the "discordia."
Do the poo cruise next!
Man I was thinking, if the Concordia didn't strayed to shore, the dead toll would had been immense, with the poor direction of the staff
I diddnt even blame the captain THAT much for the crash it was mostly miscomunication and a bit of complacency   His actions after the crash were unforgivable though
I’ve watched this a million times, and I’m only just now seeing some of the subtle foreshadowing of the captains gf in the background of a lot of scenes. lol
why do things called concord always fail
Oh, I see what they did wrong. They put Sims in charge of a boat.
No after how many times I come back the biggest irony is that I actually sailed with Costa a year after the disaster.
This video used to be awesome and I've rewatched it several times, but on my latest rewatch, I'm noticing something is very off. I'm not sure if it's the music or the tone has changed a lot, but it's not the same, this is much inferior.
24:04 Bruh Titanic was a cruise ship yeah :D Btw I am not going to cry over a minor mistake this is masterpiece of a video and I love it. just saying.
Who is here after the suez canal video 🖐️ ?
Captain messed up but 16 years is hard, it's not voluntary manslaughter.
theres a youtuber called BIGBOSS that totally stole you schtick
Make the movie
One barrier (language) leads to another barrier (rocks).
43:50 I loved the LTT intro refrence.
Ski tea no CHEATED ON HIS WIFE WITH See more tan OH MY GOD
Weak Man creates Hard times
Ppl.diving for finders keepers loot are jailed while the captain and the capitalists owning the boat killing 32ppl arent?  Let that sink in while one thinks about irony.
38:32 That rocks. Who is that?
32 people dying really ruins the comedy in this....... if you want to laugh watch the new ever given video instead
This one is actually funny
I don't understand why the captain isn't controlling the ship, every decision must be so delayed with listening to orders instead of the captain just doing what he wants to happen. It's like when you are backseat gaming and you yell at your mate because he is missing something, he always react too late and the time window already passed so you end up making it worse for him. As it would be better just to ignore it since he have missed it anyway and now he waste valuable time trying to do something he missed regardless.
this got me laughing in an abnormal way with the mixture of titanic references and satire towards the captain omfg
Cant believe it’s been 4 years since this video.
The oil filter for my van was on that ship.  My sweet, sweet van.
It was an insurance job. They got 2+Billion dollars. A water tight door just happens to "jam?"  And im sure it was cheaply made because crew were a bunch of underpaid hacks.
De Falco got fucked. It's pretty common for senior Officers who shine a little too brightly to be shuffled off to some nowhere post to rot. Admirals and Generals aren't as benevolent as people think, they have all the same jealousies as everyone else, the difference is they have the power to do something about it.
Linusshiptips😂 43:56
Love this channel. Pure gold 😂
Theres a reason why greeks are seafarers and italians specialize on spaghetti.
Ngl glad for this series of naval disasters
24:22 the chandelier of faces is terrifying
Driving in my ship right after a beer, hey that wave is shapled like a rock
The captain was way too concerned with covering his ass to help any passengers. Incompetence at its worst.
Imagine being  complacent on the first day. Thats insane.
The rewatchability of your videos is wild. Watched Suez Canal and went back to the Area 51 video (still cracks me up for the battle sequence) and now rewatching this for maybe the 4th time overall. Love your stuff!
Hi 👋
Just another totally normal day at an Italian workplace.
So it cost two and a half Costa Concordia's to refloat one. Good deal!
Luck. What a wonderful song you added.
25:11 Mama MIA!!!!
Damn I wish i wasnt so young when this happened. Checking it out like, 5-6 years after all the bodies had been found wouldve been spectacular
Ah, the nostalgia before all the trans folx turned on this chud.
Seriously though Who put him into that captain seat? Who hired and allowed a helmsman with comms issues? Who demoted one of the only competant people that fixed it and saved probably 10s of thousands of lives?  So many rich corrupt people just setting up a fall and getting to walk away with less than life sentances.
I like my videos 1 1/2 +longer!!!
40:18 I'm gonna take our heros side. It is extremely common for very old high ranking service members to act like Dell'Ana. It is EXACTLY the type of "jealous old head with power who's in his sunset years so he don't care anyways" behavior you see among the oldest ranking officers.
"you are not allowed to make a film movie" "I'm allow I'm allow-" "WHO SAY YOU ARE ALLOW?" least guilty thing I've ever heard, acquit her of all charges
Greece, Brazil, then Italy in the lower Trust in Government. Checks out.
Watching this masterpiece again.
That music sync at 32:32 is so funny and perfect
Dominica cana dominata mea anytiiiime. Am I RIGHT BOIS???
30:43 i think that statement made MY psychological brain die 😂
23:10 Hmmm, I wonder where that hand's from...
Half a billion dollars for a cruise ship.  USA submarine 1 billion dollars
38:10 Shenmue reference! Love to see it
What's the song playing when in the scene showing the before and after of the interiors of the Costa Concordia? I can't seem to find it in the music list in the description.
I think it's only appropriate you do one on the Titanic. Fun fa t you can see the morse tranmissions sent to/from the Titanic here on YouTube
ships meeting disaster and causing wide loss of life due to naval nepotism, surprisingly happens ALOT more often than you think. Its a dishonoured tradition dating back all the way centuries, to the Medusa in the naval era
Not gonna lie, I lowkey believe the cocaine theory. Like, Skatino behaved in such a baffling way and there was traces of cocaine found around him (in a hair sample), and he kept trying to dismiss help to a ship that really needed it.. almost like there was something onboard that he didn't want them finding. Strange, convoluted tale, for sure
I just got hit with an odd ad combo.  Go watch the new Conjuring movie. Then help yourself poo with some top grade probiotics
Define irony   a song made famous by a film about a sinking ship is playing while a ship is sinking
1:40 2:42 7:15 8:10 10:49 15:04 16:52 20:20 20:57 21:25 21:56 23:40 25:40 27:11 29:13 31:06 32:20 35:15 38:03 38:33 38:18 39:55 41:03
Everyone involved in the Ever Given fiasco, even the bickering pilots, feel like paragons of competence compared to these people smh
Came for a rewatch after the suez video
So much corruption when money is involved. Makes me sick that it can be so blatant - and nothing happens. We need to start holding these people accountable.
Fun fact: the video game Concord cost and estimated 400 million dollars to develop and they shutdown the game after 4 days. I think flushing that money down the toilet would have been more beneficial for humanity than what was used on.
Hmmm... I cannot seem to leave a second like on the video. Clearly a bug in the software.
Nordman episode is @ 9:03 ur welcome
Gonna make watching this videos an yearly occurrence
10:12 🤣STFU!
I feel like using the David Belle catpass fail clip specifically tells me internet historian has some historical parkour knowledge or experience.
24:20 what is that song from? Destiny?
That's an even more expensive disaster than the OTHER Concord. That one was "only" 400 million $
Wth, the composition of the crew is definitely a recipe for disaster
getting a water park ad between "is it a lot of water?" and "Yes!" is a godtier algorithm pull.
16:32 Amidst the chaos, can we just appreciate the absolute GOAT engineers.
42:04 "He was distracted by his mistress......"  😂
If the side piece is a pilot I think I'm gonna save up my money and get a pilot's license myself, that's just scary.
All they had to do was to not lie initially and abandon ship.
Today I was contacted by Guiness World Records for the amount of times I have watched this video
How did that dude get out of jail?
Even 4 years later I'm like ..the engine room dude deserves a medal, and the helmsman deserved WAY more blame, Captain is a douchenozzle but the crash was on the helmsman haha
So the captain slipped and accidentally fell into a lifeboat
That LTT gag got me.
Lost count of how many times I've watched this. Will always be one of my favorite internet historian videos
The jig is up very much indeed
Man was never meant to swim
Getting an advert in the middle of this video for Virgin Voyages was *chefs kiss*
i cant stop laughing
Anyone else get totally lost/confused by the insurance scam part of this video with the neighbor and the woman and her daughter...I have no idea what this was about or how it was a scam...I still don't get what happened or why it was interesting...
There should be an international law and it should be considered and extreme offense to not have enough lifeboats for every passenger on your ship.
Came here after watching the Asmongold reaction
Compared to Ever Given captain, this captain is criminally terrible.
Insane that this dude basically got roughly 30 people killed and STILL had gold diggers chasing him... Unreal
Calling this a disaster of "titanic proportions" was completely on purpose.
Years later, respect to Russel Rebello. Folks like him deserve to be remembered.
Love the Linus tech tips reference
New subscriber from Dallas, Tx here. Bro..... This is hilarious! "Oh God not again!" Keep it up my friend.
This happened on my worst birthday!?!
i don't normally comment on videos, but linus ship tips got me so good. bravo good sir, bravo.
I went on a cruise a few weeks ago and was thinking about this video.  I've been on almost 20 of them throughout my life, so I was'nt thinking about it in an "Oh I hope that doesn't happen." way and more of a "Wow, I'm glad that my captain doesn't seem as much of a tool as that other captain."
You sure do have a way with these ship stories, really gets me going😏😂
Absolute minimum would have to be all expenses x2
Complacency is the bane of competence and experience. This is why so many things require requalification
I almost joined the US Merchant Marine, and then I started watching a bunch of cargo boat videos. Quickly realized id rather be in the actual Navy, and then I determined I wasn't suited for any of it at all. Peak irony? I'm extremely hydrophobic to begin with, deep water terrifies me and I nearly drowned as a kid. Almost as ironic as me putting in my application for the Airforce, when I'm terrified of heights and have nightmares about falling from heights literally 6/7 days a week.
Here after the Ever Given
"Ah" *bell drops*
25:40 why did bro use a mall from Singapore 😭🙏
Shoutout to Gran Turismo Menu music
man, for a guy who cannot afford to eat more than once every 2 days. the food you waste really pisses me off
Your Magnum Opus, do you feel sad now?
And 12 years later we still don't know why or how someone stole that bell
why did he swap the directions?
31:43 OH GOD, NOT AGAIN!!
Beans
Internet historian has a secret boat/sailor hobby. Was he in her majesty’s navy?
Might actually be my fav video from IH
after the second crash it’s probably time to revoke the license and make them do training again if they fail they go home and don’t get a license if they pass they get a probabationary period where he’s watched. i get why he was still a captain, they are hard to come by. however there’s a reason, or else dudes like this would be everywhere. after the third crash it’s time to demote him and maybe idk have him supervised, this is insane. Also we know the issue dude goes too fast. maybe focus on that just a thought.
That laughing at 42:04 😂
Carnival cruises. Why is it always Carnival cruise when something goes absolutely tits up?
Crew: s’all good Me:       😊 👋🦺🛟
Why tf am I watching this for the 7-8th time?
8:38 Could’ve sworn it was Ave Maria before
I was *Super* obsessed with cruise ships when this happened. The Carnival Triumph was the same shape and class.. Didn’t know the Triumph also had some BS hit it
The music really makes it
When it cost more to salvage than to build.
We need the last installment to complete the ship tragedy trilogy.
Seems avoidable
Why didn't they just freeze it with dry ice and blow it up?
They wouldn't cheaty ole Petey, would they? 🤨 35:47
Love getting cruise ads in this video
Female zelinski
idk why but this video gave me a panic attack
Earlier this year Captain Schettino filed for early release serving 8 years of his sentence.
He's right this one is much funnier.
6:28 couldn’t he have said „FULL RIGHT TURN“ instead of listing off small right hand turn increments?   I know he just talked about understeering but a complete right hand turn wouldn’t have that issue, would it?
It's been 4 years
th
Linus Ship Tips was a great segway 😂
Came here immediately after watching the Suez canal one.
29:18 WHERE IS THIS FROM
Whence you came = from where you came.   'From whence' becomes 'from from where'
Halo music applies to many situations, including cruise ship failure
Who else had the need to rewatch this after the ever given video?
when the ocean claims a ship, it gains a memory. soon it will remember everything.
There’s no way it took me 21 minutes to finish a caniac combo while watching this video🥀
What are mustard stations
Internet historian knows the right way to do ads ngl, normally i skip but he actually puts effort in which is respectable.
A good portion of this video was plagiarized from a Vanity Fair article.
That’s been 13 years actually 🤓☝️
Man seeing that list stop at 35 sent shivers down my spine
The MGS music is fucking good
The helmsman of this ship is partially responsible for this disaster. He doesn't understand English OR Italian and he applies and accepts a job that is responsible for steering a MASSIVE ship. Yes, he shouldn't have been hired, but if these people don't care about safety, he should have enough common sense to decline and say, "sorry, I am not qualified for this". Communication is very important in a job like this. Hiring a helmsman who doesn't understand the language is like hiring a doctor for the emergency room who cannot speak the common language. Paramedics brings a patient who is dying, having a heart attack, overdosing and he would have no clue what to do because he doesn't understand what they're telling him in an emergency. Or hiring a pharmacist to dispense medication when they don't know the language. What could go wrong?? But as always, people will accept a job because they believe their ability to earn $$$ is more important than other people's lives....
The point of the story is don't hire security guards as captains and helmsman in a crew that speaks only two languages at best, non of which is his language of origin
24:15 this could honestly be the setting of a horror film, or an episode of Dr who.   Imagine a protagonist exploring the decayed ship only to discover a mysterious creature that has made it’s home there. Somehow avoiding any of the staff responsible for clean up.  Perhaps the creature came from the rock that the ship hit and slipped out of sight.   The fact that this is giving me ideas for a horror film is disturbing.
“you’re not allowed to make a film movie”  Authoritarian language detected
Rewatching in 2025
sPiCy
Still one of the best videos on YouTube
Brilliant!
This is the best Final Destination movie I’ve seen so far!
Honestly i don’t know the bigger red flag, the fact that the Costa crashed multiple times, the fact that it was a Friday the 13th, the fact that Schettino became captain in only 2 years, the fact that the ship could only survive with 2 compartments flooded or the guy with a massive language barrier
Titanic was safe with 4 compartments......
Classic example of italian ineptitude and unprofessionalism
I was listening to this in the background while driving at work, but at 8:38 I heard the music, and glanced over.  The freeze frame gave me a chuckle, and I knew I couldn’t drive safely while giving this video the attention it deserved, visually.  Anyways, here I am watching it on my lunch break and 😂😂 Good work :)
14:35 IT'S A MINERAL!
dude i HATE adds.. but yours are piece of art. cheffs kiss
Skatina means animal is Russian and its used as a pejorative. Skatino is a skatina
Imagine how much worse this would have been if the ship had gone down in deeper water farther from shore
Tl;dr Concordia cost a 771 million
8:08 THE moment where a single mistake caused irreparable damage 16:18 “it’s just a blackout” suspicious’
28:16
A ship taking on water sounds to me like an emergency, but what do I know, I'm not a captain.
Watching this on my cruise rn 👍
38:30  White Flag - Fall Of Envy
The amount of times I’ve watched this video is concerning 😂
6:23 I can’t imagine the reaction of the captain realizing he messed up big time completely big time 🚬
The Korean couple that slept through it all and still survived is crazy
That "t t t t t today junior" made me laugh so hard.
I love how Schettino's hat is *ALWAYS* crooked
The deputee mayor Mario Pellegrini is unbelievably badass, what a guy.
It's not often that I'm both comedically and intellectually entertained. This video is perfection, no notes.
What the hell is this
so if it wasn't for the wind, most of them would be dead.
Love your videos 😂
So it sounds to me that although all the crew were inept nepo people the captain would have saved the day despite his flaws. Feel bad for the guy. I've been in a position where I have to take responsibility for unqualified and inept people. Terrible feeling.
That helmsman is an agent of chaos. Hitting the ship in a way to shut down power in under 30 seconds is a level of skill. As well as disappearing completely.
Man, imagine if this is how the aftermath of Sewol had gone down...
It seems anything with "Concord" in the name fails spectacularly
does anyone else whisper "hadn't even been slept in" on every rewatch ?
Is this true?
25:20 ☺️
7th or 8th re watch lol
Even after a year this is still one of the best videos on this platform
This video is almost an hour, I have literally watched it 3 times and I laugh every goddamn time.
very good very nice 👍
Awesome video 💪 May all the victim's soul rest easy in heaven 🕊❤
Linus Ship Tips at 43:55!!
It was ashored destruction
Such an amazing video! The pacing, storytelling and editing, all superb. I had to watch it in parts at work. 😄
I've watch this shit like 20 times... Absolute fucking cinema.
At this part 24:10 I was half expecting Cortana to start talking to me lol.
32 people died, because some dipshit wanted to impress a girl, that’s crazy. An it could’ve been prevented if the cruise line had hired someone who didn’t crash 2 ships prior. Like come on!!! How didn’t they see it coming?!? 🤦‍♂️
I know i am late but what is the music that plays at 39:46 ?
24:37 they said I could choose one captain, I chose you stating because... well.... idk why"
I have been recommended this video for years. YEARS. Fine, youtube, you win! I’ll watch it
$500 million ship, $1 million in fines, $97 million in damages, plus clean up…   _Concord_ only costing Sony $400 million seems like a discount by comparison.
Как же ты хорош.
Can't wait for Internet Historian to cover the infamous Poop Cruise !!
Also please don't blame the guy who doesn't speak english well if you watched it. It's not his fsult he was hired by a greedy company without proper training
24:05 – the Titanic was NOT a cruise ship, she was an ocean liner – a mode of transport.
You stole this one too?
Loving the sample from Cilaine Diors, “My aorta will continue”
I've recently discovered that my teacher was a survivor of that sink.
I remember the Costa Concordia disaster unfolding. I was about 7. It was pretty big here in the UK
This whole situation is basicllly the whole titanic story but the whole drama takes place 70% on land and only 30% of the drama takes place on the sinking ship
38:30 Emo Schettino🖤
that woman really thought that him filming was more important than helping people who just escaped the sinking ship
The rescue was oretty successful. 32 is rly low, as even during normal cruise ppl die out of sickess and age.
the collision slow mo part is so sublime it still cracks me up years later.  bravo.
what an epic documentary style
39:02 Italians being corrupt? What is this, a fantasy land?!
When there will be "The cost of Concord (the game)"?
You honestly sound like our friend Mike Brady from Ocean liner Designs
So have they ever found Jacob for his testimony?
Dude 6:20 had me laughing my ass off
How does someone steal a bell and keep it hidden for 12 years
Not a good time for a cruise ship ad youtube!
Yeah the captains "fly by" of the coast blowing his horn...you know he was getting a BJ at the time...
An absolutely great video. Well done and thanks 👍🏼
Internet historian is truly ridiculous.. the crash then the switch into film detective Noird VPN ad then back too the action is fucking 🤌🏼
Why this kind of edit is so annoying? And so I can avoid it.
How many alt right dogwhistles are tucked away in this one?
why didnt they also reduce speed?
Whose idea was it to hire a guy who can't understand any of the languages spoken on the bridge and his main job is to receive verbal commands while steering a 500 mil. dollar ship?
Holy shit, it’s been two years already and the hbomb stans are still stalking this guy and yet they tell us to “get a life?”
5:48 random greek lmao
26:14 RIP TWOMAD. YOU WERE THE 🐐
28:48 someone clip this
It's like a Matryoshka doll, but the further you go the worse it gets.
i wish someone would make a ballad about this
38:33
If the news, documentaries, and headlines were as creative as this I guarantee people will watch and learn something  But then again this style may induce further brain rot
I have rewatched this video an unhealthy amount of times
Today 02/06/2025 i still miss thereza frota from brasil, she was my neighboor. We did a dry martini and danced at 92° probably... fbi we want to leave the ship, its the king frota assemble helicopter europa. We are ready, she said. I still have her voicessssss
Sucks this was plagiarized
Thought I’d somehow missed a video about Concord LOL
Just a giant shit post, fantastic
For such a focus on facetious satire it's kind of weird that you didn't include the Harbour Master ordering Schettino to "get back on the Ship and tell me how many people are still onboard, are you tired, do you want to go Home, is that what you're telling me Schettino...!!?"
The night of the accident I told my wife exactly what happened and it turned out I was right. The captain said look how close I can get, showing off to a beautiful woman.
Oh shit
God Bless anyonwho sadly passed on this ship be up in Heaven with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, God Bless the survivors and the ones who sadly passed and God Bless everyone and everything that they love, God Bless and Amen✝️❤️🙏
19:08 is that hornets theme from Hollow Knight?
your editing is epic and hilarious
Did. the other fools got punished as Well?
I wonder how many neonazi dogwhistles are hidden in this one.
10:17 I AM DEAD
28:05 I was thinking “She looks like that one girl who said spicy”
I showed this to the girl i liked and now we are married.
13:55 first time I've ever witnessed a Chekov's informational poster
Diversity strikes again   North America is hiring Indians for EVERYTHING. What can go wrong
This is exactly why dictatorships eventually fail ...
He really got demoted :((
Bing bing bing bing bing, bing bing bong. 😸
at this time Mr. Historian president trump got a jet worth 400 million dollars (gift). let that sink in.
funniest story telling ever
I have "copiloted" a $900m cruise ship and I can not overstate how much this guy fuc*ed up. Every mariner knows this case and follows procedures implemented by companies following this incident.
What the hell happened to this video? Watching this feels like watching Star Wars Special Edition. The whole thing has changed significantly. Doesn't feel right... 😢
i spent a lot of time learning how to tamp down my ego.
Let's not forget how Costa ='d Carnival Cruises.
Of all the places to die, I’d say the last place I would like to die would be on a sinking boat, I would rather die in a free falling elevator in a skyscraper
Italians messing up as they did with Ferrari
What an absolutely fantastic video that was!! I learned so much AND enjoyed the content too.
I watch this way too much but like genuinely, I think this is one of the best videos you guys have ever made. Better made and funnier than any documentary I’ve ever seen. No this isn’t like a bot reply meant to glaze and get free likes I just really like this video
So, did Interpol ever found the helmsman?
I am deeply disappointed with the lack of comments regarding Concord smh. 😪
19:53
It costs 570 million to build that, but the MTA spends 20 billion per year on a subway that is sinking faster than that ship did. So when are you going to make a new main channel video?
20:00
Does anyone know the name of the background music starting 24:30? My failed attempts at finding the song are driving me nuts.
Writing a comment to feed the algorithm.
Congrats to Tommy Tallarico for writing, producing and editing the video. Amazing!
5:30 I love the buildup of the entire thing. You can feel the tension right until it hits.  The narration, the music and the animations...fantastic work, IH and everyone involved! The "oh shit!" Is the cherry on top lol  The name Concord/Concorde/Concordia is absolutely cursed lol
Anyone watching in big 2025? 🤔
It was mostly the company's fault for hiring that helmsman to save a buck.
Hollow knight
Was wondering why the algo kept on recommending this video and then I noticed this was made by the guy who plagiarized that cave video and I watched a bunch of videos about the plagiarism lol.
This went in the most Italian way it could ever went
I consider this the IH's magnum opus.
Does anyone know if that helmsman ever got caught?
History historian? Yes please!
Whose here after 2025 Titanic anniversary
21:40 Cemortan: Who says you're allowed? Me: And who are you? The captain's prostitute?
Now I wonder if this one is also plagiarism…
Yo boss 4chan imploded..... what do
Nothing quite as classic as Nepotism and incompetence costing innocent lives
For anyone curious, the title of the book is "The Submerged Truths".
This level of incompetence and inexperience is amazing for people controlling a ship that cost greater than 1/2 billion dollars with hundreds of people aboard
I mean to be fair to the Captains Lover, she was dead on about Moldova being a hostage state to Russia.
You make history come alive
Imagine crashing a billion dollar ship and lying to your passengers, because you have an ego
33:37 What music is this playing in the background?
28:40 yea that might be a reason why he delayed the rescue. sounds logical
to be fair he had good calls. but that idiot steering.... he shouldnt really be blamed. the idiot who allowed him to steer it should go to jail for life
i wonder what this is plagiarized from
every time something goes wrong in one of those cruise ships you find out how shady everything about that industry really is..
I feel this crash isn't as much of the captains fault as they say. The langauge barrier messed the most up.
How hard do you have to be sleeping to sleep through a crash and all the announcements and alarms and lights. 23:40
Why is this so funny???🤣🤣🤣
1k sbs completed. Thank you so much.
I think it was the Indonesian man’s fault
41:40 he touched me😂😂😢
...was there no one on damage-control duty‽
These shoots of the boot years Kater lock like Portal 2 1 to1
Mamás pizza sauce
I saw concord and though sony game.
the concordia ship's bell is still out there, by whoever stole it 😭
Still looking for that bell
26:58 “It even has a water mark” is such an under rated gag
Please stop posting videos on incognito mode and make more videos like these. I know they're time consuming and a pain in the ass but they're so good.
Tecnicaly the Titanic was an ocean linner not a cruise ship.
Love the mgs2 music on this.
You've been outed as a nazi.
39:59 no way bro put in Killer Instinct Tusk arena music lmaoo
Sir, you have won YouTube. Your videos are fantastic.
srsly i have watched this about 40 times now and i still cry at how good the story telling is leading up to the collision. when he says that word, boy the goosebumps be bumpin every time ❤❤
This is like what the USA is going through right now in March 2025
Captain sits around for almost an hour and needs the coastguard to tell him to abandon ship
That guy they hired…should hire more competent person can at least follow directions and understand the language . I think he’s to blame the most
Was mir schon als Azubi eingeprügelt wurde: Deine scheiß Augen lügen dich an, das Radar nicht. Und du wirst hier nicht fürs aus dem Fenster gucken bezahlt!
Massice respect to the DJ for dropping titanic song lol
I feel asleep after 8 minutes but i didnt miss anything as i already watched almost every video with my brother
Okay but while that was all going on did they even remember to honk the horn?
This might be the best video on the internet
I love how the helmsman is just portrayed as a sim
I can't get over how funny this is.
Lord knows this video is probably ripped of just like man in cave was lol
24:04 this is a horrible mistake in an otherwise excellent video. We must never forget Estonia
WTF YOUTUBE!?! An ad every 3 minutes! Not an exaggeration!!!!!
35:44 "GOT YA BITCH!!" BRO IM DEAD 😂😂
31:49 "oh god not again" 😂😂😂
If only steed bonnet was the captain he would have stopped all the diddlin that was afoot
12:53 And now, for my next trick, I will make myself disappear
Halo 3 music
*Fallout: Concordia*
This reminds me of every job I was fired from as young man. I forgot the cucumbers on a greek salad at a restaurant, sliced the deli beef too thick at a sandwich shop, dated my manager at a call center... and broke up with her for a hotter employee at the same call center. At the time I was devastated, but hey, at least I didn't crash a cruise ship into a port, then crash another cruise ship into a port, then smash another cruise ship with thousands of passengers onto the rocks while doing something obnoxious.
Why is My Heart Will Go On even on the playlist...thats like having United 93 as your inflight movie. And it seems like having your engines in your floodable compartments is a design flaw...why arent they above the water line?
Would love to see more videos like this. I know you have seemingly moved onto focusing on Incognito Mode but man this stuff is gold.
Italian here.  During the days after the tragedy, Isola del Giglio was having more tourists than expected due to the accident. "Turismo macabro" the type of tourists that go to the place just to get a selfie with the dead boat
I love you This video is incredible The ad is hilarious The detail in research and editing Thank you
Concord must really be a cursed name
Got an MSC ad before and while watching  this vídeo.
Fun fact: Giuseppe Pilon STILL works for Costa Crociere. Absolute mad lad
So, a DEI hire caused it?
Serves them right for trying to disturb the islanders
This is still probably the best video on Youtube.
JHC this is 4 years old
been waiting for the day to finally watch this while on a cruise. Today is that day babey!!!
HOLLOW KNIGHT OST MENTION
"With my psychological brain..... And today I died a second time 😊"
For whatever reasons moldovan girl fall in love whit italians, well, they desperately want ti have sex whit them, than they go grazy, and than go back to moldova and be even more crazy. Happened the same shit to me 😂😂 NEVER A MOLDOVAN AGAIN 😂😂
Unironically no worse than fallout 4
27:53 hilarious
I’m currently sailing on the sister ship - Carnival Splendor. It’s really not a very good ship haha
699k likes.. Nice
I've watched this video more times than I'm willing to admit. I genuinely believe this is I.H.'s magnum opus.
33:13 wow, look at how the value of the Euro tanked since then. 💶📉
Wtf why couldn’t they just swim to shore??? How could anyone die when shore is like, right there??
What an absolute disaster.....one that obviously could have been avoided if they didn't have idiots running the show!! Begars belief!!!!
Idk why, but I thought this was gonna be a video about concord!!!
Idk why, but I thought this was gonna be a video about concord!!!
Oh, that's ironic as hell! I got an ad for a cruise company while watching THIS video of all things! Oof, the algorithm gods took an L woth that one.
24:34 Damn. It used to look like a glitzy place to sail the seas! Now it looks like a COD Zombies map.
Big boss vibes
can you do the titanic, and britannic?
Can steal if it's salvage
not related at all but i think it's really funny i got a virgin cruiseline ad during this video 😂
Why did he never go full astern?
NO BUT XCFGUIUGFX ITS SO CUTE 40:39 - 40:55
Really goes to show that if you're "up there" you somehow can't fall back down again. Dude killed several people and wasted millions of dollars and is still up and about getting laid. Insane.
That random Halo music though
Gražulis
Well, titanic was rated for 4 breached compartments in the bow and aft and 2 in the middle
22:45 "Reverend, what shall I do?"
42:14 IM DYING
You couldn't have forced me away from the muster station
How the F do you get sentenced to under one year in jail per person who died because of your actions?
37:10 as a Hungarian I can confirm that this is very much a Hungarian thing to do - average day in Budapest
The change in music at the collision is wrong, the old music was much more dramatically fitting.
Why does he look like Paul Giamatti
25:19 THE DEETS
I clicked the video and got a cruise advertisement Hmmm suspicious
The captain somehow managed to speedrun his career like an airport toilet cleaner just pretending to be a luggage handler, then deciding "fuck it, I'm a pilot now" and actually trying to fly a plane.
Estonia not a cruise ship... alot of fucky wucky shit around that "accident" 852 people think that the truth should be told.
I’ve watched this episode many times but I keep coming back and watching again…..it’s hilarious 😂.
Even worse was the aftermath and the ecological footprint of the cleanup. They could have just called some Indians from Alang and the wreck would have be gone within weeks, but they had to do it the "European" way.
So it was the helsman after al? 8:00
I was ready to hear about Jacob's testimony, given that he apparently didn't speak english nor italian. But this was even more hilarious. I wonder what happened of him
38:48 just a little nitpicking that I'm sure in 52k comments someone already mentioned and that I missed the first time around: DeFalco isn't making a pun (which was possible and would've been "una barca di guai"), "l'anima dei guai" is a phrase without a direct translation, but it would be something like "a soulful of troubles", not "a boatload"!
soooo, People that are in charge dont have the experience for i, Poeple that dont know common english working in lead positions too ... and lie about everything that happens ... and that the "Captain" only got around 16 years is faaaaar to less , he should get a number and a hammer and should work till he cant anymore and then must work more
What is the music at 24:15
This was the last decent good video
So Schettino has just been announced he is going to potentially be released
Titanic could handle 4 compartment flooding
Italians in a nutshell
46:01 "uh" nice Titanic reference
I love dining, relaxing, and having fun with Italians, but I'm never putting my life in any of their hands.😁
Ironic how the game Concord ended up like the ship.
did my man waste a whole bowl of spaghetti for a bit
This is one of the best edited videos I've ever seen
21:36 woww she really sold her sole
21:36 woww she really sold her sole
Lmao omg 😳. The captain said oh s***! Youll or funny 😂😂! 🤣🤣
Whattt I can be a helmsmen for a half a billion dollar ship With next to no experience! Nice   And I speak English so that’s probably a plus 😅
Happy 13 year anniversary to Friday the 13th of January 2012!!
From me rewatching this video multiple times, the YouTube ad algorithm has mistakenly concluded that I desperately want to go on a cruise
“Friday the 13th” THATS THE UNLUCKY DAY!!!! ITS ALL CONNECTING!!!!!
It's been 10 years since the Concordia costa - Requiescat in Pace
The halo music at 24:22 really just puts the icing on the cake
I don't know what's worse the fact that the Captain was grossly underqualified or that the helmsman did not speak any english OR Italian and had poor experience.
Hi
The ships bell is traditionally thought of as the soul and voice of the ship. I could see why someone would steal it.
OMG I LOVE plagiarism. Please, IH, steal more content.
anyone know what music starts blasting at 39:45? literally cannot find it by myself
38:07
This is my favorite Italian movie
The true Michael Scott
38:30 name of the music plz?
9:00 Nostalgia Critic was on the ship?
wtf happened to the scenes in this video? There are a ton changed from when it was uploaded.
If i was on that cruise i would sue carnival and tell them i want one of the cruise ships they were sending to the scrap yard. Turn it into a floating city.
As horrible as this captian was the fact that thry have crew that dont speak the same language is absolutly insane! He should have never been there. Ever.
Mentions stolen Hokusai paintings, adds a guy speaking chinese to illustrate. Peak Internet Historian attitude
24:42 - that pristine white lawn chair is so out of place. Did Vergil stop by? lol
She almost became the milf greta
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10-15 minutes and more of them." The biggest lie ever told. 😭
Bruh the payday 2 music placements are incredible. Chefs kiss.
this video is one of my top rewatched videos. it started an obsession of ships and stuff.
What’s the backround music called at 12:38
40:22 A prize to whomever can tell me what this is music from. I was sure it was the old 007 Nightfire game, but no. I’ve checked the music listed in the description, and it’s driving me crazy.
Who could have seen this coming…?
The capt literally has " Sxxt " in his name  😂
22:33 cine
As an italian who followed this outrageous tragedy in the media hats off to you for this comprehensive and well executed summary. (And for the correct pronunciation of yhis piece of sh*t's name)  Schettino is a coward and he deserves to live in shame and misery for his actions and the ones he failed to do.
Amazing production!
What lol this predicted the future
I like that you decided to include a Band of Brothers clip at 39:24. Love the shit outta that series.
The best part of this: all the ads I'm getting are for cruises..
36:11 I heard the "PREVIEW" sound, litteraly unwatchable, disliked 0 effort.       <3
"I took the brakes off my caaaaaar!!! a man like me never learned to stop, I took the stirring wheel off too!!!" shit man, I know plagiarism and youtube and all, but damn, this is still funny as all hell
"The ships black box stopped working"  Yeah right, that doesn't happen. They definitely fucked with it
I just want to know which mad lad has the bell from the Concordia just chilling in their living room.
Can’t wait for the sequel ‘cost of concord’
3 years, huh?   Jesus christ...
41:46 I'm curious why they charged these five people specifically.  For example, I can't imagine why the Costa Crisis Unit would be blamed for the disaster (they seemed to act reasonably given the information they received), but i'm guessing it was due to events not mentioned in the video.
This channel is worth seeing the guy that played Captain in Speedos. Barely.
Thank you for this! There are a lot of details I've never heard before especially about what was said on the bridge during the collision. Great job!
Now we need a video about The Cost of Concord
38:33
Im not expert but why there would be people working with language barrier in which communication is hyper crucial
26:57 had me rolling
The Captain would have saved the ship, if it wasn't for the driver they'd have likely been fine. Idk why he just fucked up after the crash, mental breakdown?
Remeber when you ripped off an entire video and had to stop uploading? Do a documentary on thst lmao.
This is why as a captain you shall only be married to the sea
i bet the bell was a real awkward piece of s#@t to steal. lol
I got a cruise ship ad on this video lmfao
im gonna miss 45 minute videos
Someone I know worked on this ship. She had an affair with the ships photographer and they got found out. She was kicked off the ship in the last port before it capsized. Lucky escape.
Gonna need you to do a revamp since they just pulled it out of the water 😂🤣🤣
31:03 killed me lol
"It's been..."  🎵One week since you looked at me, hudoo dah duhad doo something crazy🎵
We need to add “really Skatino-ing it up!” Into our lexicon
Da faq? Me knot pheel sew stoopid know 👍
*GASPS*  YOU ARE HOW TO BASIC!
I think this just proves the word concord is cursed
did you steal this story without credit too? I'm genuinely asking, since it's so similar to your cave diving tragedy video
Up next: Cost of Concord
R.I.P Two Mad. It was a funny bit when he appeared in the video.
What song was at 38:30 ? I need to know!!!
The editing in this is 💋 perfecto
“It’s an electrical problem, which is under control.” Ship: blowing bubbles 🫧  Passengers: having trouble walking while getting hit by sliding debris I smell a liar…
"IT EVEN HAS A WATERMARK"🤣🤣🤣
Idiot helmsman
In the screenshot at 31:51  there's a comment in italian which says "Just leave any piloting cabin for God's sake" 💀
When interviewed about how he was given the position of captain, Shettino said: “they asked me how well I understood  theoretical ship piloting. I said I had theoretical experience in ship piloting. They said welcome aboard.”
This guy deserves life in prison
I am from Savona, the city where Concordia was headed, and the day that the ship arrived at the Genova (Genoa)'s harbour, I was in the city doing errands, and I remember the disgusting feeling I had all day long, thinking that this ship killed so many people and that it was really close to me. This was crazy, and I was only 12 at the time.
"and with that, cunts panic" 😂😂
This is the best thing I've seen in months
12:54. I know this is morbid humor, but it would have been hilarious if the assistant climbing out of the box said “Ta-daaaaaaaahh!”   Okay, I’ll see myself out now.
"You are not allowed to Record (to protect our reputation)"  is absolutely CRAZY in that situation.   Imagine still being concerned that the Passengers are recording with their own phones. Somehow this seriously stuns me. Thats their concern?? 😂
They ever find the helmsman after he fled authority, twice? If they did, hope they doubled his time.
*_23:34_**_ NOOO NOT THE PARENTS FROM PARASITE!_* 😭😭😭
This is still one of my all time favorite YouTube videos. And that's impressive. Such a perfectly made, hilariously serious. And "Hilariously Serious" is extremely hard to pull of, congrats 🎉🎉🎉
Capitano Besto Ravioli Ravioli Mama's Pizza Sauce , that shit got me now after I saw this many times. Always a pleasure re watching your content Mr. Historian.
Between this and the massive failure from Sony, it’s probably best to never use Concord as a name.
If the passengers were American, they’d honor the captain, praise him as a god and vote him in for four more years to make seafaring great again
Time for my biweekly viewing of this video lol
25:13 is pure gold. It’s been playing in my head since this video hit YouTube lol
27:54 😂😂😂
21:55 I just watched a documentary, and he literally said that. I thought IH was just joking
Funny how corrupt the country was that they let him keep his job after the first hit and who hired a man who can't speak the same language the only heroes are the crew who helped the passengers and the engineers but the goat is the admiral The captain and his whore played hide and seek and the balls on her "i died twice" when many passengers and crew died
Anything that is named "Concord" has a this terrible curse where it'll Crash and die lol...
Some of the movie scenes are from the titanic 1997 and Poseidon 2006
u mad about harriton splimby owning ur butt?
1:58 These are the kinds of people that get to keep their jobs. I’ll never understand it.
6:22 this is funny for unknown reasons
The first thirteen seconds of the video has a hilarious coincidence to the other Concord
That guy belongs in prison for life. With his big hairy cellmate named bubba junior.
Concordia is the name of my university so that’s pretty cool too
Linus Shiptips is WILD 😂
What is that solemn music at 24:40?
“Skotino” sounds like a “Cattle” which means “Bastard” in slavic explicit languages
so 6:55 they just Tokyo Drifted because they were too fast
"oh shit" 😂
What happened to the lady in the box??
Hollow knight reference 19:39 :D
"You are not allowed to make a video movie."
2:31
Halo
This whole reenactment reminded me a lot of chernobyl (the TV show)
The thumbnail and title are just....... "Shocking" to say the least
Light wood laminate. Light wood laminate. Light wood laminate.
Am I trippin' or do I hear "Put your head on my shoulder" melody at @8:47
saying that the passenger cant record after ur literal ship went down is wild
Now "The Cost of Condord"
The Captain is a scumbag, but imo the Helmsman is even worse. Oh, I had a part in a shipwreck that killed multiple people and I'm going to jail for it? Better flee the country and disappear.
A damn ship is cheaper to build than a apartment complex....
23:11 my god I recognize that hand
Has this video been plagiarized too?
And now I'm wondering, "did he really write this?" And I found a possible link that he took writing from somewhere else, and I don't know if it's credible, but it doesn't have to be; it's enough to make me doubt him
Jackeline Port
Gleason Ports
Romaguera Mount
Dude what a plot twist at the end
I read "The coast of Cascadia" and got excited, but damn this is NOT a video about Project Wingman (im not complaining)
Cemortan is a victim, she "died TWICE"
Alanna Point
This has a sequel now
The reason the bottle didnt break was cos it was seen as a good omen by the captain. He prophesized that bottle will not break until he is drunk off its contents and then... just like drink driving, he got in the cockpit of the ship and the rest is history... imagine being so drunk that your ship ends up.... forget it..
THIS IS AWESOME VIDEO ANALYSIS. BUT You forgot that Estonia Disaster had happened and was wrose marine catastrophe than this. so this was not worse _SINCE_ titanic....
3:24 does any one know where the guitar riff is from?. I feel like it was in a show or something
Farrell Glens
In a different life the girl is that one "in love" with airplanes.
I am from the future and he did not in fact make 10-15 minute long videos nor more frequent uploads on the main channel
Is there a reason you dont make entertaining content anymore?
It is probably stupid to play my heart will go on whilst the ship is sinking
Kuphal Motorway
Cassin Isle
Hudson Ports
26:21 some true gamers thats who
I really like your story telling
The cost of concord was approximately 400 million dollars. And almost noone played it.
Linus tech tips ❌ Linus ship tips ✅
"functionless, sinking, cage"  let that sink in
“A lot of water?” YES!
24:47 the photos kind of make me remember Jericho from Detroit become human
24:11 look at those Portal 2/Bioshock vibes.
Ena Squares
You know, I never thought that the company here would be more generous than the US government but here we are.
Mayert Mount
This is just my head cannon but judging on our timeline if Schettino had stayed on board until he was allowed to leave he probably would have dodged 85% of his final sentence
How much of this is true? Id like to trust all of it, however I don't know anymore...
I watched half of this video thinking this was a very elaborate metaphore for the development of Concord...
Price Dam
Freeda Crossing
Bangga sih punya profesional lokal dari Indonesia, bisa bekerja di kapal megah Sedunia. Tapi karena kurangnya pengetahuan bahasa, jadinya pak Helmsman melakukan kesalahan.
God Bless Italy ❤
43:49 Linus ShipTips 🤣
Medhurst Meadow
"You're not allow to make a film movie."  Woman, you're not even part of the crew. You're just the Captain's mistress!
Concorde:41 years  Costa concordia:9 years  Concord:2 weeks
Why are everything named "Concord" always failing so hard?
Why does everything that has the word Concord fails?
Liana Pass
better love story that twilight
I now know two people named Ilona and they’re both scumbags -_-
Wyman Shoals
1:17 Bomboclaat
If they played nearer my god to thee I would stay on the ship
Breitenberg Viaduct
im confused are u intentionaally changing aspects of the story because from the original audio wasnt the coast guard person a woman from the first call?
Delete 2 last letters from this title, and we have a video about another costly failure
6:45 never thought a boat could have understeer 😂
History repeating itself with Concord
10:54 i should call her
And this still costs more than Concord's failure
Trantow Row
We need another documentary on "The Cost of Concord" this time.
You gotta do one for the Titanic sub.
The bell titanic moment is funny af
Concord? How ironic 😂
I just want to say that somebody calculated that the failed game Concord also cost about the same as this ship to make 😂😂😂
This and “When we were kings” are the 2 greatest documentaries of all time. And this ain’t #2
diversity hire ship, imagine you let a ship sink over a mid woman
Im trying to take this video seriously...its the first and only report I've seen onthe topic😅
Can you make one on ocean gate 😂
Time to revist this gem 💎
All my years watching YouTube this channel is the only one that makes an Ad worth watching 😂😂😂 that nord vpn ad was so creative 😂
Leopard Tank
8:17 no pun intended
Superb video.  Very funny, interesting and entertaining.  Well edited and narrated.  Thank you.
Costa Cocaina.  Capt. Skotina:  "I am coordinating the rescue from my private lifeboat with my girlfiend."
If a ships crew ever tells me to stay inside and don’t put on a life vest, I am going to assume I need to be ready to evacuate immediately
the bell 😂
I think every documentary from now on should be produced like this
that drama alert segment took me out 😂😭
Is this the PlayStation game that just came out?
We need a video on the video game flop Concord called "The Cost of Concord"
“A boat load of trouble”, funny you should say that
Anyone knows the music at 24:15 ?
Sir, you remember that ‘course correction’ you made earlier?  “No.”  Well, it’s proving to be more… s*icidal than initially thought.  “I don’t know what upsets me more, old friend: your cowardice or your stupidity. We’ll simply set a NEW course, near that… blackish/holeish area.”
I can only imagine someone out there watched this video, looks over to a big bell sitting in a display case in his living room, then cracks open like a cognac bottle, tipping his snifter at the screen.
As someone in aviation maintenance, I can safely say that someone who is clearly incompetent and hides their mistakes would not get anywhere near touching an aircraft.
0462 Carter Flat
Please do Cost of Concord-ia 2 covering the failure of concord the game.
Shout out to Robert Rebello. You did your best, beyond your duty, to your last breath. 🫡
LMAOXD 🙃
I hate this guy's voice
Man, im a deck officer on a ship and some of the things in this video hurt my soul. like you saying three hundred instead of three zero zero, and also the helmsman being in second mate uniform and shoulder ranks.
At this point this is the official documentation of the Costa Concordia incident
I'm here to say that the 'Concord' game has sunk just like 'Costa Concordia' did.
Stupid format.
WTF...Halo and GTA:VC sound tracks?!?!!
When is cost of Concord comming out?
The new Maria game is also Concordia
Willard Fall
Strange, I got this recommended after the concords failure. More so I watch this. Weirder still, I was just thinking about this.
The one time you ever need Aquaman and he's nowhere to be found. What useless superhero
Things named "Concord" are just destined to die.
Nordvpn is a.pile.of rubbish dont let him sell you that rubbish
Is this a DSS III reference
When the Skullgirls OST hits😩
When's cost of Concord
Ironically a game called Concord also sunk
Not sure De Falco is making a pun there. He says "le faccio passare l'anima dei guai": literally means "I'll make you go through the soul of troubles". It is a rather common expression for "a load of trouble". You could translate it like the video did, but the pun is not there in Italian sadly😢
Yah, it really  "Costa" lot!
Jeramy Crescent
I'm from Savona, my family and others helped the survivors after they arrived in Savona's city port, I'll never forget it. Thank you for talking about this tragedy❤
This is one of the youtube videos of all time
If only the voyage data recorder had Nord VPN
26:16 What happened to the Costa Concordia foremast Bell? according to google "Costa Concorida Ship Bell | Warehouse 13 Artifact Database ... After salvaging, the bell was stolen and taken onto black market auctions for similar objects. After a string of disasters, the bell was finally snagged in 2015."
Holy shit that guy does look General Shepherd
Bold fucking move from Cemortan acting like she has any authority over anyone while trying to stop that guy from filming. The fuck was she aiming to accomplish?
So it’s the management fault for hiring the Rusli Bin guy who cannot even speak English and is not qualified to steer a fuckin ship
Not enough life boats for passengers or effective routes to board quickly, eh? Sounds about right for a business like Cruise Liners
Why sue? They could have just "let it ride" until the next Concordia.
Missed opportunity to say: "I love you, Bell!"
I almost did not watch the video because the thumbnail made it look like a joke.  I am glad that I did because even though it had lots of jokes the facts were mostly good or true.  Well done piece of work I will check out some of your other videos
Poor thing
The music at 14:05 is Savana - Vendredi
I love a little dark humor with tragedy. But seriously, cruise ships are a death trap...and the ocean is scary as hell.
Linus ship tips😂
I’m pretty sure, if this happened in the 17th or 18th century, the captain would have been arrested and executed VERY quickly.
domnica cemortan= SLAG, dirty ass people involved in this incident, she pissed me right off!
1:45 captains besto ravioli ravioli mama’s pizza sauce hahahahahahahahahahahaha
internet historian makes me love ads😂
You did wonderful with this
Damn, thats a masterpiece
My damn moniter turned off at this part 11:41
The Halo music really sold some of this lmao.
8:38 NOOOO THEY CHANGED THE AAVE MARIIIAAAA SONG TO ANOTHER ONE CUZ OF COPYRIGHT NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I didn’t think anyone could make schetinnio sound less competent but here we are. Are we sure this isn’t a giant prank this is just ridiculous
I want to know why Geoffrey Landgrabb and old Travis Scott are on the boat.
33:13 stewie griffin?
"E ADESSO RADDRIZZIAMO LA NAVE ITALIA"
That's what happens when you get cheap labour (helmsman from Indonesia 🇮🇩) lol
Didnt The Titanic Go Down in April of 1912? not January
Anyone knows what music is playing at 24:10? I've checked all the music credits in the description and can't find it.
Moral of the story... never employ immigrants.
This was such a well made video mate! Loved every second of it.  Defo my new favorite channel.
The amount of bad timing is crazy
25:40 couldn't have picked a worse mall than NEX lmaoooo
The poor choice of music in the dining hall is just tragically comedic.
It shouldn't have happened in the first place, but once you wrecked that fucking ship, had you simply called for help and started evacuating the ship asap, the number of deaths could have been vastly reduced. The only reason it wasn't 60 or 100 deaths was because a few people, like the major, risked everything to save others, while the captain hauled his ass away first like the coward he is. Of course your life boats are fucking useless if the ship is tilted heavily, how about lowering them down BEFORE it's tilting? When there's water everywhere you better evacuate one too many times
More accurate than bright side
Why did I think we were talking about the school💀
Frustrating to watch, i wish there was a sense of urgency from the captain
I never watch long videos. Until now. Brilliant
you put a lot of nonsense out of your head in this video....
I was in school when I watched this
Love the editing and use of halo music!
42:16 legend 🙌 👏 🤣
Tbh i dont blamed that indo guy
Please someone tell me whats the name of the game at 45:05
So this whole disaster started because the captain wanted to show off?  I guess you can say he succeeded…  But real talk though, you probably shouldn’t be “showing off” when you’re controlling a super expensive ship holding thousands of living beings.
i rewatch this at least once a month
That keem edit 👌
You can actually see the capsized ship on google street view
I hope IH does a similarly spectacular job describing the Titan sub disaster
"OH God not again!" Got me dying
He’s not expected to go down with the ship… he is required by ‘in good conscience’ , captains code, and most importantly by law to be the last person to leave the ship.   As the captain of the ship he is soly responsible for not just that ship but every living being on it. Every captain not just boats but planes, etc when preparing to depart will here some form of if not exactly “ ‘insert number’ souls onboard “
24:05 Largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic? Not at all. MS Estonia was much worse, with 	852 casualties.
Hey so when are you inform people that the sequence of events leading up to the ship crash that you claim is taken from the "black-box recording" is actually just you quoting Schettino near verbatim, complete with the misinformation that Jacob didn't speak English or Italian well? (he spoke Italian very well actually) and also implying that the crash happened because of Jacob's mess up when the actual investigation to the ship crash ruled that nothing Jacob could've done would've prevented it?
33 people unnecessarily died in this accident, and this is the video you make about it?  total trash, there are better videos to watch
He 100% changed out of his captain's uniform so that he wouldn't be recognized
The edit is so retarded. I love it.
Good bellend to the story 😉
How many times can I rewatch this video before it becomes weird?
I got an ad for a cruise ship whilst watching this
Netflix should give you a deal you are hands down the best at this genius man genuis
This guy is speedrunning the most incapable captain ever.
Fun fact. The new mario and luigi game takes place in a setting called “Concordia”
Am I crazy or was the music in this video changed?
19:10 Hollow Knight music 🗣️
Roberto Ferrarini (Costa Crisis Unit) got 1 year 11 months? Why? He was lied to ...what was his wrongdoing?
@8:35  I just noticed that you changed the music, that sucks, but okay
This has been one of the funniest but informative YouTubes I’ve seen in a long time
Why are people with no expierence are allowed in such valuable positions? And even with language problems!
Not since Titanic. You forgot about Estonia.
Thank you for making the ads actually entertaining and funny to watch for a necessary evil
i barely watched up until minute 7 and i am already amazed of how well edited this is LOL
Dude I watched this like 5 times by now and just noticed spaghetti and olive oil flying around during the collision... You're a legend😂
I watch this during every month end close,so funny
Best documentary on the events that led to the sinking is  done by Internet historian ,  the cost of concrdia  on YouTube   by far the best 👌  trust me it's a gem a  few beers or smokes  whatever is ur vice   46.48 min well spent
24:13 for a sense of scale, a Nimitz- or Gerald R. Ford-class nuclear supercarrier displaces a bit over 100,000 tons. This was a big boat.
It really takes tact and writing skill to make a documentary about a disaster like this funny while still being respectful to those who died
That payday 2 music lol
This has been compared to the Titanic or the 9/11 attacks or the existence of youtube wait what???
If i ever go on a cruise ship. Ill refuse to get one the current largest cruise ship. First titanic then this, it doesnt look good for #1
Largest cruise disaster? What about the Whilhelm Gusstloff?
How plagiarised is this one?
Still the best documentary out there
This one plagiarized as well or?
I knew Russell Rebello as we worked together, he was a waiter at the Four Seasons in Bombay when I started there as a trainee, he was a cheerful guy who indulged in a lot of banter and was a hard worker!
31:44 - Hey, what can she say, she enjoys messing with people while they control machines with hundreds of lives in the balance :D
this video was hell of a ride. very nice.
38:07 its pretty much the only one italian i know too. i feel so validated!!!
Before: Internet historian. After, "Internet" historian.
the kid icarus music during the crash cracks me up every time
Beyond the obviously amazing video? I appreciate the advertisement where one is driving with no steering wheel and instead has two glove boxes.
35:36 Skullgirls music?! Based!
31:31 But of course the woman fails upwards and naturally just glides into being an activist…
this Halo music killed me :D
Say what you will, but advertizing the ship as obtainable via "buyer to collect" was brilliant!
42:14 My favourite part
41:07 Man this guy is determined to abandon his wife
This is a chaos. Absolute chaos.
I might be the moronic asshole here, but is 11K euros really not adequate compensation? I was expecting they would pay the passengers for the early journey home and accommodation connected with waiting for the plane home, but I imagined someting around 2500 euro would be more than enough (maybe like 3K if you wanna be charitable). I was shocked how generous Costa was when I heard they were handing out 11 thousand. Yet, I was even more shocked when people complained it's not enough... How is 11K not enough? You can buy a decent car for that much.  Edit: Adjusted for inflation 11K eur in 2012 is equal to around 13400 eur in 2024 if you're wondering. It's a huge amount of money
Crazy.
the ltt intro is so fawked
With the cocaine in Schettino's hair sample, I thought they meant that it was a hair follicle test, which can detect cocaine up to 3 months after using it, and IH was just making a joke on the wording. But no, they actually found traces of actual cocaine stuck to his hair.
Did anyone else notice the music from Hollow Knight? Hell yeah
peaple woch this shit???
Am I the only one who uses this video to sleep? I swear these videos are just so soothing
Going on a cruise starting in a few days, wish me luck!
How much of this did you plagiarize from the Italian article posted 4 weeks after the incident?
Ngl the halo music is very fitting for the before and after photos
Post disaster ship looks like a place from silent hill
Everyone on the ship gets one hour in the ballpit
...but why would they hire Michael Scott to captain a ship???
Internet historian's videos have the rare spell of having infinite re-watchability
The captain should be imprisoned for life
At the end of the day it all comes down to the fact that the company hired a Helmsman who is not anywhere near qualified, let alone for what might have been their most expensive venture yet in cruising.
"hold on im reversing it "beep beep, beep beep beep"" i spat my drink out holy shit lmfao
no way im getting ads for cruises in the mediterranean on this video
23:05 The most random thing I have came across in my life, the original video is driving past Elland Road in Leeds, I walk past here daily, I'm so confused. I can't even find that original clip anywhere, that's so strange ahahaha
40:11 I wonder if De Falco saw Tifa Lockhart's... _debut._ 😳
She seems to really like attention
"No more long videos. 10 to 15 minutes from here out" so that was a lie
This is like Chernobyl but for a ship.
If it was only in April that would be perfect
The cost was not reading it backwards: ai d roc noc
Imagine you’re chilling on shore when you see a cruise ship zoom up and pull a sick drift right into some rocks you couldn't even see.
Schettino just sounds like the most Italian man to ever live. I’m sure he has lots of paramours in his new cabin
" HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT!" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Odd use of halo music
Better than the Titanic movie by a long shot
I took my breaks off my car..man like me never really learned how to stop... Absolutely hilarious hahahaha
Also the captain still claim he is the victim,
An excellent, subtle addition at 23:49 to say “People still on board: 32” when the last survivor is rescued. It’s a wonderful, yet soft recognition of those that never made it off the ship.
Downvote for spaghetti violation
31:49 OH HELL NO!
when that music starts im hooked
34:44
He forgot to honk ^^
Came back for the story, stayed for the Halo music
The fuck are you videos so good?
31:50 Fckn killed me😂
Why am I getting cruise holiday ads??
325! 315! 335! Fuck it, go straight until we hit something.
The is how I want my kid to learn history!
Titan sub story when?
24:05 Anyone know this OST? It sounds like Halo, but I can't for the life of me find it.
14:26 Say what you want, but I'll take that over "Nearer my God to Thee".
I nearly pissed myself laughing at 31:49.
This is my 3rd time watching this
Wait, why was Farrarini charged?!
Captain Coward had the helm, wasn't checking depth charts, and was literally on the phone when the collision occurred.   Dominica was an unpaid guest of the captain. Clearly a hookup. And a skank.  Captain Coward neglected every single one of his duties and cost the lives of 32 people. If it weren't for the quick response from the Coast Guard, it would've been a much higher death toll.  So, you definitely got the reason why the collision occurred wrong.  Also I'm  glad the death of 32 innocent people is a big joke to you.   How about you plagiarize some damn empathy for the lost lives?!?!
Deputy Mayor is mega chad
Why does Nordman smoke out of his nose, lol?
what a history man
24:11 Any time I get to this part of the video I always find myself thinking “My name is Ozymandius, King of kings, look on my works ye mighty and despair”
34:55 Okay, just a pause to say, the guy who put a glass pane there knew what he was doing... There's no other explanation for that glass pane... lol
Woweeee such. A good documentary
From where are the scene at 11:20?
I only get cruise ship ads on cruise ship accident videos
I remember the first time I watched this video it was three years ago and i was on vacation with my family. We were getting ready to go to dinner when this popped up in my feed. We had some time so I stopped to watch it. And when i tell you it changed my world it really did. IH this video and all your videos's slap. Now i'm in college and i'm relaxing at 11.58 pm having "late dinner". So IH thank you for putting out this amazing video and your great content.
This ship was doomed to fail
The biggest dressing down of his entire career spun me ahhahahahaa
The internet historian is just awesome.
love the use of halo music here
Every few months or so i find myself coming back too this video. Its definetly top10 youtube videos ever.
"Your not allow to make a...film movie."  - Dominica Cemortan
Such a good video Jesus
Well that's what happens when your captain is a Costanza.
8:59 that guy looks like my brother.
Possibly your best video ever
I was listening to this at work and the whole time I thought the ship’s name was actually “The Cost of Concordia” 😂
video's so good i rewatch it yearly
WHAT! THE! ACTUAL FSCK! .. How dare you treat spaghetti that way, I may have to unsub. :(
IH, do you ever plan to make a video about certain submarine?
Random thought: the bubble noises accompanying people stealing items from the Costa Concordia remind me of the sound effect of quaffing potions in Morrowind. And then it occurred to my psychological brain that it would have been even funnier to have used the "flop" sound effect when you steal items in that game.
This man not only abandoned the ship but abandoned his wife as well
I wonder if this is also plagiarised.
still one of the best.
24:09 titanic wasn’t a cruise ship it was an ocean liner
This is crème de la crème of storytelling. Internet Historian, please, become president of Poland.
Why is it always the ships with the coolest names
I hope that’s true about the Coast Guard chewing him out
Did they write this
I keep coming back to watch this. This is an amazing video. I need more
i consider this to be one of - if not the - best YouTube videos of all time.
His ads are so dope, people need to take notes
on a cruise ship rn watching this
📍33:02 2📍19:49 3📍40:58
Love the halo music despite people dying lol
Sir should we evacuate!?  Captain: ahh ..... Let me think about that..... *Walks off*  S-sir???.*trys to follow to find the cabin door is now locked* SIR!!??
gregio de falco had some roman blood in him
I'd never skip an ad again if they were all made by the Internet Historian
Even the Moldovan Politia could easily demonstrate how she likes to lay down.
anyone here in 2024?
Whoever decided to play My Heart Will Go On while the ship is sinking has one hella dark sense of humor...
By ACCIDENT I found this channel.   Rock on!
Rip creator
this is why we dont hire foreigners who cant speak the language perfectly. diversity be damned
Schettino treated this situation like a trustfund fratboy who got a yacht for his 21st birthday
So I can add “shitty captain” to my list of reasons not to go on cruise ships
Love that YouTube runs Virgin Voyages cruise line ads in this video.
14:25
cluster b personality disorders as far as the eye can see. why is this not a thing that we talk about constantly and how to spot them and how to prevent them from fking everything up for everyone.
i am reminded of futurama Kiff: Sir this route was laid out by the travel agency.... Zapp: That's for schoolgirls. Now HERE's a route with some *chest hair*
The mgs 2 ost moment had me ROLLING 😂😂😂😂😂
i love edging
I'm currently watching this and was just informed of the Baltimore Bridge collapse...
I remember watching that mess unfold pretty much live on TV...
Do Baltimore now
Danke!
Please tell me where the Karolina Żebrowska clip is?
42:13 indo moment
It's been 3 years!... I can still smell the cringe... like it was just a few years ago 😄
respect for "skull girls" main theme, one of my favorite fighters
Anyone know if this one was plagiarized? I want to like it, but the cave video really shook me.
Great video!!
Are you the bros from story mode??? Or all you aussies the same?
I tried to come back but HBombMan ruined it for me.  RIP IH 😢
This is the best video I've ever watched
“I feel like I died twice” says the woman about an accident that actually killed 32 people that she was partially at fault for
16 years in prison is not enough for over 30 dead people, what a joke
*ZSOLTH HORVATH* 🤣
30:40 , well she only died once for every 17 passengers that her little social clique killed.  Carry on lady.  Hell is never more than a century away for an "adult" like you.
again. Again watching that well done, entertaining, unbelievable story.
“They’re they are… the deets.” 😂😂
Wait.  He took the 32nd cab ride?  Ouch.
Got a VirginVoyages commercial before watching this. Great advertising, 10/10 would definitely go on a cruise after watching this.
38:30 who does this cover of Dido’s “White Flag”? I’m not finding it in the comments or description and nothing comes up when i search for it. Anyone have a clue?
my old music teacher was working on this ship, i think as a bartender? the whole thing made him terrified of the sea, poor guy.
I can confirm, the portrayal of the average Budapest apartment is correct.
i rewatch this every 6 months
I love how he didn't even attempt to be the last to abandon ship, he actually like put on a suit so he would look fresh and snazzy then got into the lifeboat and got away before everyone else did. Leaving like one waiter behind to actually help the people off the ship. They should have made that dude the fucking captain from the start, it probably wouldn't have crashed.
Going on my first cruise in 1 week, probably shouldn't be watching something like this for my own anxiety. But it's such a funny and interesting video
Tbh the first officer in my opinion was trying to compensate for the lost time from the slip up by over compensating
13:52 anyone know the song that starts here?
There is footage of him waiting to get in a lifeboat in his suit
Frecesco Schettino is the real life Zapp Brannigan and Roberto Ferrarini is the real life Kif.
Wonder who he stole this from.
Alternate title: _The Assassination of Costa Concordia and 32 Passengers by the Coward, Francesco Schettino._
Captain Schettino was heard to forlornly exclaim  “My line has ended! *MY* *LINE* *HAS* *ENDED*!!* “ as the gravity of his nautical faux pas truly sank in
can't believe I've been feeling guilty for crashing my mom's car a year ago and Captain Schetino's out there just crashing ships for fun
This is like the Demon Core of ship disasters. Everyone in charge was sloppy and unprofessional.
just watched adocumentary about this on my safety induction in uni, but this video have more relevant information than the documentary
tt
The safety officer who gave the order for the engineers to evacuate from the lowest deck of a sinking ship when the captain wanted them to stay is a hero who undoubtedly saved their lives
26:15 RIP
I gave this video to my professor, he uses this video now in his classes.
Does anyone know why the music during the collision section was changed out? I remember in the original it was a woman singing sad opera style in Italian.
Company deff needs to be held wildly accountable. I mean staff with language barriers, a captain with virtually no experience managing a ship of that scale, who tf hires like this for a ship worth hundreds of millions?
I rewatch this video at least 4 times per year.
Sucks this comment section isn’t filled with “he plagiarized” like he did his Man in Cave vid.
..and this 🗑 captain had the audacity to go on the 5th estate and lie and refused to take responsi ility. He should have gotten LIFE in prison, not 16 years.
I found 24:11 wasn't listened in the Music list, but if anyone is wondering and was desperately trying to find it.   Luck - Martin O'Donnell (Halo 3 OST)
Idk why I *actually* thought keemstar was going to give me a quick tldr on concordia
I stumbled only now on this video, very well made.  I'm italian and i'd like to add an easter egg about the concordia story. (Not involving schettino thanks god).  So, back in 2012 a priest from a small town near Milan, supposedly  told his fellows churchgoers that he would have spent some week away for a "spiritual journey" in order to regain his faith. So long story short, in reality he spent his spiritual journey on the luxurious Concordia and was later found within the survivors.  At the time it was quite the news on national media.
I wonder if they will make a movie about it in 2097? Or the 2050s?
Watching this again, it seems like it doesn't matter what Scatino did to try to mitigate the damage because most of the crew was at least as incompetent as he was, if not more.
This guy drops nothing but BANGERS my god idk how I never came across this channel. Brilliant!
Organ donors are not real :3
I'm new to this channel, this is f'ing hilarious!!
what is wrong with you lol
Wonder what article he stole this from?
The talk of "A helicopter removing drugs from the ship first thing" sounds like a cool movie concept.  Even imagined said "Drug-copter" having issues as the ship kept listing.  Then in desperation, someone marks a nondescript container and makes it out in time.  With them telling soon to be divers "Ok, watertight container, marked with the letters HTS, outside cabin 420.  Get that off the wreck before the cops find it."  Then, I don't know, add a magic great white shark and call it a movie....
what is he saying here? 4:46
Helmsman 100% at fault.
Wow how dare Dominica say she “died” on the ship when it sank cause of the psychological damage when there were actually 32 people who died from from sinking.   She and most people today have no idea what death and pain is anymore. She should have gone down with the ship if she wants to identify with someone who died on the ship.
The music you use is a bit jarring tbh
Fourth time watching this all the way through it stays winning
12:54 13 people were stuck in elevators and *no one went to check if people where stuck*
Having just returned from an 11 day cruise off the east coast of Australia, I can confidently say the passenger nothing of what the ship is up to. I woke up in the middle of the night to a tremendous bang. I went outside trying to find out what was going on. No one, absolutely no one around, no announcements,  nothing. Anyway, went back to bed and it wasn't until breakfast next morning I was told we collided with a whale!
42:14 that LMAO XD got me dead😭
This is so stupid and ridiculous I love it. Great work!
That metal gear music
Hi Internet Historyian, man you are relly funny!
The Titanic was not a cruise ship, it was a ocean liner.
Roll over good boy
I'm back! I need more uploads.
36:17 - The excerpt from his tv ad completyely focused on money.
23:28 - I hope that man was jailed and remains so to this day.
5:29 - That lady with the shades totally belongs there.
The Relation Ship it's so perfect that it looks like the accident had to happen  so this video could be made
Vanity Fair Costa Concordia
the understeer example is great lmao
Italy 😅🇮🇹👌
Internet Historian...you are AMAZING!!! So creative, funny, and brilliant!!!
22:21 the Italian police chief wearing a US army officers uniform lmao
"people are having fun on the slides..." In January in Italy? I dont think so 😂 This video is a lie 😂  Just kidding. Another great educational yet entertaining video 😊
14:38
dope as video, love the halo music lol
This is such a good video
This is EPIC
Skipping past all the incompetence and negligence - how fucking lucky did everyone get that the ship drifted back onto the island and grounded. Even 50m further out and it would have just rolled over completely and sunk well before half the passengers got off and obviously wouldn't have allowed anyone who didn't get onto a lifeboat the chance to hang around on the side of the ship for their turn. Would've gone from 32 to 3200  victims REEEALLY rapidly.
if the helmsman couldnt really speak italian or english very well, he should not have been hired. he messed up at the wrong time.  great vid btw
First time stumbling upon this, my father and atepmothers worked as musicians at that time and they were to embark into the concordia itself but they were thankfully changed last minute like one week before their long trip of 8 months to its sister ship, they were fucking lucky
Sounds like the helmsman basically caused the whole thing💀
31:49 she’s hijacking an A320?
Brads wife used to love the costa concordia.
A helmsman who doesn't speak the language of the captain or his mates??  Great!  He's hired!
In 24:48 you can see a wheelchair laying there. Terrifying being stuck in that thing when a disaster of this kind happens
Shower have went full astern.
Amazing they had the money to recover the ship but not enough to get the victims a good payout. Even down to the last bit they were stingy. Bastards
Happy 10 years since the Costa Concordia crashed
so basically the indonesian fuc*er has quite a big part in this. i never even heard of him before, how. come?
Genuine classic
They must have caught him again. The little devil!
the titanic theme should be banned from cruise ships because the last thing I to think about when on a cruise ship is sinking I wouldn't even have song playing on a rowboat on a lake
LOL What kind of cheese and corn casserole is this?
🖐🤣👍
Did anyone miss the fact that the only reason the harbor master even found out about the incident is that a passenger called her daughter, who called the police and then the police called the harbor master. That is about as fucked up as it gets
Lol I just started watching this and I'm like I don't remember the titanic looking like that then I'm like wait
the reason i remember this ship sinking so vividly is because it happened on my birthday
sad to know this script is probably stollen too.
He plagiarized this one too
Sadly, here in Italy we have a tragedy like the Concordia every now and then since ...... well it's complicated, right? Lack of leadership and competence by who is in command, awful timing, mob and/or secret Services collaborations and or coverups... we had it all. Back in 1991 we had the "Moby Prince" accident, a passenger cruise ship that caught fire while leaving Livorno docks. Don't go asking  if they really hit a Tanker parked too close to the coast, and if that tanker was smuggling weapons or illegal wastes from or to a nearby foreign military base with a smaller boat. Like i said... it's complicated and it's not the first time.
Am I a psychopath for watching this on a cruise ship
I don't get why he fled like that. He wasn't on drugs or anything. In my opinion, he really didn't do anything criminally negligent until he disguised himself and ran away. It's not like he was in any real danger of drowning. He should have told the passengers that the ship was going to evacuated and done his best to make it look like gave a damn about the safety of his passengers I imagine he would have gotten a significantly lighter sentence.
The coast guard cussing in italian at the captain was the perfect cherry on this story
I end up coming back to this video at least once a month. I think it's some of your best work
I knew it. This mind blowing boredom is what "rich" people do with themselves. Points for making it a comedy, though that meme does most of the work :D Also funny I never heard of this, not that the titanic hasn't be shoved in my face whenever possible without me ever raising an eyebrow... and if anyone is so bored as to read my comment, hope this teaches you there is no such thing as a judiciary system anywhere in the world, it's a scam of the biggest organized crime on the face of this planet - the government
I like my captains like Napoleon liked his generals: lucky and competent.
Their is going to be a direct collision  *OHHH SHITTT* 😂
Was that supposed to be "sure hit" or "shore hit"?
26:25 😂😂😂😂😂
LOL! Hbomberguy made you look like a little bitch, Internet Historian.
I've got a bit of subject knowledge and uh, because of how close to shore this was, once the hit had occurred and Schettino was aware of the extent of the damage, he should have basically immediately given the order to abandon ship and made a mayday call to the harbourmaster, rather than waiting for ages like he did, and that would have prevented nearly all of the casualties. It would make sense to delay this for 8-10 minutes to allow staff to get to muster points and to control the evacuation. I'm from a naval background so we don't have the problem of passengers but he dawdled for FAR too long. Every single one of those deaths was eminently preventable, it was at most a few chains offshore. An earlier abandon ship, once the Captain was aware of the fact that 3 compartments had been breached, would have removed the problems of davits not being able to deploy lifeboats due to the list. Also Re: going down with the ship, that's not really a thing any more, or in fact ever. As long as everyone else is evacuated, or the Captain has reason to suspect that everyone that can possibly be rescued has been (particularly in naval cases where there are often many deaths upon the immediate impact), they can leave. Otherwise the Captain should stay aboard and rescue everyone they possibly can.
Can someone tell me where his other secret channels are?
What about the girl in the magic box?
i know it’s a funny video but it must’ve been so awful and traumatic and terrifying knowing your ship is going down in the ocean and having to evacuate and save yourself meanwhile the staff is lying to you…
Wow it’s almost as if hiring a dumbass captain a guy who barley understand English and a bunch of other idiots who can’t have a conversation to save their lives was a bad idea
0:43 What song is this? 45:53
What level of clusterfuck is it when local municipal authorities take over a maritime disaster from the still on board crew?
Yes! Captain Chad went to prison at last!
The absolute best documentary (with the Q and A) of the luxurious Costa Concordia, and I especially liked the clips of people acting like the Concordia. Stupid Retarted Schhtenno😂😂😂😂
This guy's the best!!!!
Don't know how many times I've watched this video now, but it's quite a few. It's like watching a movie, it's funny and therefore you watch it several times. 😂😂😂
Wtf was Schettino thinking? Did he think if he taped a bunch of cardboard boxes together to "plug" the hole of impact everything would be fine? His failure to act was cause he was still trying to find a way to save his career. Had he acted in a timely manner and not fled the ship he could've turned the mistake into heroism. Im glad he went to prison
How did I get here? 👀
this was a planned LUCIFERIAN EVENT "celebrating" the 100th aniversary of the other LUCIFERIAN EVENT, sinking of TITANIC!😳😳😳🤮
This is how all history should be presented
Bro the rus
Why hasn't anyone at Carnival been sanctioned for hiring an unqualified and incompetent Captain? There are laws concerning that matter.
Is this one plagarized as well ?
Hey Vsauce Micheal here! Your boat is great. _Or_ _is_ _it?_
Why do we keep letting the dumbest people man a ship they think they can drift with as if nothing bad will happen.
This is hilarious
Which article got plagiarized this time?
I love how he identifies EVERY SINGLE PERSON involved by name. You just don't get that anywhere else.
Still fantastic!
Easily one of the top 3 YouTubers on this site
Did you write this one man, or are we gonna see an hbomberguy video about it soon?
Hearing Luck from halo 3 is crazy
What a great story I hope they make a movie,  I would have loved to been on that clean up crew could you imagine the money and jewelry and stuff that was just laying everywhere😮
Even the ghettos in Italy are beautiful
We're having fun now
Stuck on a ship No thank you all those germs people, floating motel room😮
Pleeeeeeaaaaaaaasee do Oceangate!!
How much of this was plagiarized
I'm blocking the channel: too many inaccuracies.
Countless inaccuracies in this video.
Thats a W title man
We're 10 days out and Hgroomerguy stans are still sperging out and malding that their commie daddy couldn't get the struggle session and scalp he wanted.  Meanwhile, this vide's gained like 2million views.
Love how well u produced this one
I was avoiding this video because I thought it was about my mandatory insurance company, Concordia.
Special thanks to tommy talerico for the backeound music in this vid
Long before everything slamming reverse boats can't be stopped they don't have brakes LOL
Now I gotta check and see if they copied this one from bright sun films
Should have looked up their birth signs, Schettino and Domnica 😂😂😂
It’s there fault for going on a cruise. If i wanted to be trapped in a metal box for a month I would go in a mr beast video.
When I get all worked up/panic attack, I just watch this video.  Love it!
Captain must've been coked out of his mind lol
Best nord vpn ad ever XD
I'm gonna bet that everyone will just forget about this thing in 3 months and these no life who just wanted to hop on the band wagon will waste their time for nothing lmao     But in a few years though....
There's more plagiarism in this one, guys.  Roughly 7:08-7:58 From "VOICES FROM THE COSTA CONCORDIA (PART 2) HOW AND WHY" by Michael Lloyd
Gotta love how the online discourse went from "IH plagiarized and plagiarism is wrong" to the typical Breadtube Nazi accusation shit in less than a week. Couldn't even keep it on topic for at least a week. It's just the latest excuse to gun after people.  Do I personally care about providing sources? I actually do, yeah. Would've been nice to know what info was being used for the purpose of the video. And as an academic myself, it does irk me to not cite sources. It at the very least provides transparency   At the same time, youtube isn't academia. If you wanna witchhunt people who are not citing their sources, have fun spending hours upon hours combing through youtube and finding violators (some of those violators likely being creators you may enjoy yourselves).
"i remember....". Im wondering who's text is being read here.
They are so lucky the wind direction went towards land
I hope this is actually original
Did ya yoink this one from some well-written obscure article too? Honestly so disappointed to hear what you did. It calls this particular video into question for a few reasons.
I know it says the sources are public record, but I wish they were listed so we could make sure the writing was ‘above water.’
Another video and more Plagiarism. Poor form.
Disappointed to learn Internet Historian is a plagiarizer.
I don't care what he did I'm still gonna watch this video
So IH, who did you steal THIS content from? All bets are on!
Plagiarism is a fake, victimless “crime”. Information is free and so is the internet.
Love how everyone jumps on the moral virtue signalling bandwagon to prove how good they are. Why don't you all make videos about historical events even half as entertaining as Internet Historian and then we'll see how much you are plagiarising.  This is YouTube, not a research institute get over this stupid obsession over referencing and what not especially for a video covering historical events. It's obvious for anyone with 3 brain cells that IH pulled from various other articles since he is not a investigative journalist ya idjits. You expect him to fly to Italy and contact the people involved, pull court records, police reports and what not to build the timeline from scratch for this 46 minute video ?
Not this one too... Come on, man...
I hope poor Vanity Fair recovers financially from this. They must be hurting so bad.
Anyone wanna play the Hbomberguy game here?
Who wants to complain about plagiarism? 🙋 Who wants to read the original article? 🫥
Turns out this one is plagiarized too.
costa is a mafia owned company, Italy is corrupt to the limit.
What a great video, always nice to look back and watch this video.
Who wrote this one?
No way! at 42:07 you show the Costa going off a cliff, which is actually from the annual July 4 car launching that happens just up the road from me in Alaska! Brilliant!  Thanks for such an awesome vid.
25:04 decay is so gross
please more videos with your beautiful voice and objective reporting
was this video plagiarised too?
23:39 I need to know what the fuck they were slamming earlier that night to allow them to sleep throughout a fucking Titanic Level ship crash.
The helmsman just dipping is hilarious to me
Lmao babies whining about plagiarism. IH could’ve read the Wikipedia article word for word and said he wrote the thing himself and I wouldn’t even care.
I loved this video back in 2021. Unfortunately, as of 2023 I have to ask... Who wrote the script and was any of it plagiarised?  See...this is the problem with plagiarism and stealing. Whole back-catalogues are put under a cloud and years of creativity and work are questioned. I hope this gripping story was your work.
Can someone please link the source of the script? Its really well done and i want to support the creator
I know... not the point but (1:38) titanic could have 4 out of 4 compartments flooded, it had 5 out of 4 there fore sink-tragedy-movie-submarine...
I do have a problem with you calling it the worst maritime accident since Titanic... There was M/S Estonia sinking which took about 800 lives
Wow, phrases like "safe but shivering" positively extrude good writing skill. I'm glad I read the description looking for credits and didn't find anything so I'm positive that IH wrote that part. His mother must be proud
A balding sexpest told me this is a bad video. I'm not gonna watch it to get any sense of context or scope. I just am gonna be mad till Twitter tells me who to be mad at next.
Why does Internet historian’s voice reminds me of actor Gabriel Macht 🤔
Plagiarism is a bitch
I really hope this one wasn't plagiarized
Which journalist/historian did you plagiarize for this one?
Boring. Wonder who they took this from
So now we know you have lazy, stolen content you get an unsub. Too bad, because it's drawn into question literally all of your other videos. Have you stolen content from other writers, creators or articles and we've just not found out yet? Is this video actually original, or is this based on someone elses work as well? Now all your work is sus and that sucks because otherwise you'd be a pretty great creator.
Guys, it's a dramatization of events. You wouldn't give this level of scrutiny to a program just kinda created for the History channel, so stop hating it just because some famous youtuber told you to.
For reference, this video doesn’t “plagiarize” anything but it does HEAVILY follow the timelines of the following three articles (without citation):  1)   “THE SINKING OF A SHIP Ө COSTA CONCORDIA REVISITED”,  Captain Michael Lloyd, RD  2) “Cruise Ship Scam Over Faked Death”, ABC News  3) “Another Night to Remember”, Vanity Fair  It’s in the third article where the section about the Korean couple was copied verbatim but since that doesn’t occur elsewhere, I figure that it was an oversight (like he kept it on the transcript to be edited later but forgot).  What is odd though is that the ABC story about the fraudsters makes no reference to the Hungarian guy mentioning drugs. I checked elsewhere to verify that detail but couldn’t find anything. Was that detail made up? Weird…  Anyways, the fact that a video this thorough exists without major plagiarism makes the Man in Cave debacle more beguiling. What the hell was he thinking?
At the very least I hope they can produce a bibliography for the description so we can see the research they actually did for this
All you detectives acting like you caught him red handed at 23 minutes "omg look at this qoute copied verbatim lets ignore the entire damn video, and act as if these few sentences is worth an entire video of actual research and presentation" You vultures make me sick. (Btw he says in the video after the black box went down that hell use news articles which could be less reliable)
The contrast in comments from before and after hbomberguy's video is staggering.
the hollow knight music got me super hyped hsdah
This is why you don't plagiarize. People are questioning all of your videos now.
So.. did you write this script yourself?
Plagiarism be damned that boy can post
So apparently there’s some plagiarism in this video too. Anyone combed through and found specific examples?
dude come on i really like your videos, if you ripped that one video off like that how do any of us know your other videos like this one werent just sloppy rewrites of an existing article. i really thought you went out and found sources yourself. disappointing.
I wonder if this video is plagerized too.
Lets hope its not plagiarised.
Wow. And I was actually impressed with your "writing" and "creativity" before. What a f*cking joke
to the poor souls viewing "sort by new" yes, this video plagiarises as well, the bit with the south korean couple is from an uncredited vanity fair article, near word-for-word
Amazing video tommy.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. DELETE YOUR CHANNEL BRUH
Genuine question: is this plagerised like Man in Hole?
This was the last video I watched with my dad before he died.. he loved it. Thank you, you made him laugh hard in his last days which he badly needed.
(Edit, it’s not, apparently) Is the disclaimer bit at the beginning talking about citation and copyright new? Is that something you can do on YouTube? Can you edit, add to, or even completely change a video retroactively after it’s been uploaded? It’s also been a while since I’ve watched this, but I don’t remember that being there. But that is the type of thing I would forget. It’s seemingly not important. That is, until a certain British hydrogen bomber brought things to light. It just seems a little TOO convenient to have been there all along, given Plagiarism and You(Tube) just dropped. So…was it? I would really sad for THIS to be how he responds to the plagiarism.   This is undeniably a great video. Even if it was read straight from somewhere else, it’s transformative. And I guess that’s all above board. But just because it’s legal and following policy doesn’t make it ethical. What would be great is if IH credited the content you he was transforming. They deserve credit just as much him and his team (the latter of which needs more credit if I’m honest). I hope IH deals with this like he has a spine, and not like Francesco Schettino.
"Vada a bordo, cazzo" more directly translates to "Go on board, you fuck!" but it still is a banger political slogan.
23:30 - "All day Saturday, rescuers searched for people on the ship. On Sunday morning, a South Korean couple was found in their cabin, safe but shivering. They had slept through the crash and woke up unable to exit their cabin." Another Night to Remember, Bryan Burrough, Vanity Fair: "All day Saturday, rescue workers fanned out across the ship, looking for survivors. Sunday morning they found a pair of South Korean newlyweds still in their stateroom; safe but shivering, they had slept through the impact, waking to find the hallway so steeply inclined that they couldn't safely navigate it."  🤔
“I’ve got a good feeling about this” that scene had me in tears 🤣
I somehow come back to this video everyday. Internet Historian is truly amazing
Musta been texting and driving
31:49 best part of the video by far
I bought the big 9,000 part Lego Titanic. I love working with background noise. Yeah I've watched Cost of Concordia a hundred times but this is perfect for the vibe 😂
The IDK you tell me map cut when you said Maldova holy shit lmao
Are we all just gonna ignore the absolute stupidity of the costa crisis unit guy? He was literally the only authority figure the captain told the complete truth (as far as he knew) to, and his response was to reverse the ship up onto shore after being told the ship was in BLACKOUT. Could you imagine how many could have beeen saved uf he just told the captain to call the coast gaurd for assistance?
38:31 😂
these guys vids are too good. always a gripping story, always extra cheeky.
How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship? It was an expensive mistake You can't say you're sorry and it's over I was given a body that is falling apart My house is falling apart And I was given a mind that can't control itself
Capitano Besto Ravioli I’m taking that  thank you very much
We need a double like button. One is not enough 😂
It's crazy how much money and planning can be lost by one arrogant  moron.
You know I remember hearing about this on the News and my reaction being so surprisingly flat, like you know just another bad story on the News, shock horror...Having watched this, makes you realise just how much more to that whole crumb they gave you was...You brought this story to life, horrifying really.....Absolutely first class upload, very talented sir
Best documentary ever
The big F-off bell    There is a large blackmarket demand for taboo items like that. All sorts of weird stuff. There are traded too. Those paintings are worth more now if they're not damaged.
I think the funniest joke is when Schettino runs into the glass with his binoculars 😏 also Schettino rhymes with Cretino which is Italian for "idiot" or more literally, "cretin"
Genuinely wondering what Schettino expected to gain from lying to the coast guard. I can't imagine a single scenario where doing so could possibly have a better outcome for him than just telling the truth and calling for a rescue.
Jacob Rusli Bin means "Jacob Rusli the son of", and I was like.....to whom he is the son of?
31:49 I SPAT OUT MY DRINK!
How have they not banned Sail-by salutes
I love all the cut out heads and the bitmoji heads for those that werent (?) Photographed
How do you fill such an important position with a random guy from the middle of nowhere, with no one caring?
The third officer is technically at fault here, right?
Great vid but to clear it up- the titanic was not a cruise ship - she was an ocean liner - they are different - Costa Concordia was a cruise ship
39:31  "Get back on the fuck board"
It takes a special kind of d bag to make a video like this. These past 40 mins have been hilarious. LMAOOOO
43:50 I may actually die for this
She's hot
"Oh gooood not again" it's the simple jokes that are the best.
One of the adds I got was for a Cruise line company offering lowered costs during christmas. No thank you.
Got some top tier snacks, and so naturally the best use for them is
Im just gonna say it. . . I would have been distracted by Dominica too 🥵😅
Shoulda hired real person instead of random boat village man
getting a cruise ad on this video feels wrong haha
Legit all the had to do was have an English speaking helms man and this would’ve all been avoided DEI hires are getting out of hand
The fact they seemed to aim at the rock makes this all seem more like an intentional insurance scam than an accident.
It’s a little hard to listen to Hornets theme without a SHAW!!!
What’s the song playing during the ships aftermath photos
I laughed too hard at “Linus Ship Tips”
All sea vessels with > 500 souls on board should really have a British or American captain. It’s just too risky otherwise.
This video had me fuming and rolling. Amazing. 😂😂😂
39:32 "get back on the fuck board " 😂😂😂
Every time I'm having a really bad time, I come back to this video.
epic work put into this .....I laughed my ass off to
I am a very novice, very casual sailor. Ive never been on a boat larger than 27 feet, let alone in charge of one.  I am completely and totally confident that I would make a better Capitan than this unqualified  douche nozzle lol
To describe how f*cked the captain was, I offer these (questionably accurate) equivalences:  In passenger car terms, a car does Tokyo Drift style shenanigans on your street. The driver crashes into a house. Instead of helping the passengers, the driver puts on a new pair of shoes, puts a blanket over his shoulders, and acts like he lives in a house nearby, only appearing to see what was the cause of the commotion.  In public transit terms, a bus is speeding through an intersection, running a red light. The bus driver loses control and crashes into a ditch. The bus driver then changes his shoes, grabs his bookbag, pushes a small child out of his way causing her to hit her head on a pole, and then he sits down in the back of the bus.  In aeronautical terms, a Boeing 757 is doing loop-de-loops, and loses a stabilizer. The pilot proceeds to change his shoes, he palm strikes an infant sending it flying across the cabin, pushed a pregnant woman into an open tray table, sat down at the back of the plane and took the oxygen mask off an elderly woman even though there are unused masks nearby. While complaining about the incompetency of the staff on the plane, he puts on a parachute and jumps out of the plane. He also removed the other parachutes just in case the one he had on didnt work.  As horrible as ex-Captain d*ckbag is (and he is SOOO horrible), the people that advanced him to the position of Captain are unquestionably worse. This is on the level of hiring a known kiddie-diddler to be a teacher. The entire company should have been bankrupted and all senior management barred from holding positions of authority where anything more than a stolen candy bar is at stake.
This guy somehow managed to wreck two cruise ships and then manages to get a job as captain of a third.
Man, I'm so proud of this atomic shitshow that us Italians call "nation".
26:23 Bro, that guy knows how much he can sell that for. Ok, son or  daughter, this is my life insurance plan sorted.
Music at 6:45?
That filipino lady cruise director assistant was such a liar. Classic Filipinos
21:45 cant believe it was just healing the whole time. Shoulda known it was an easy target while it was healing
I could not stop laughing at this video
Gotta love how little ee have learned.   Just an idea. Maybe putting the engines and power below the water line is a retarded idea.  It allows more space for fun stuff yes.  It also allows potential death for everyone on board if you hit land or and iceberg.   Fun < not drowning i reckon
Happened on Friday the 13th
This is one of the greatest stories to have ever been told... the story and the teller are perfect.
This might be the most well made video on youtube
She was indeed the captain’s lover
1:59 So wait, how did he crash the costa concordia into port in 2008 if it was making its maiden voyage in 2012?
Of course this guys gonna crash a fuckin cruise ship he looks like ani italian Michael Scott
You got to wonder if the First Mate was trying to compensate for the time delay. "325."  -Capt ... "315, aye."  -Helms "Negative, 335!"  -First  "No!  325.  -Capt
17:41 I NEED TO SEE THE FULL NEWS VIDEO!!!
I still miss O Mio Babbino Caro
He can't keep getting away with this!
What I don’t understand is, granted the engines need to be close to eachother, but you’d 1. Put it in the place that would least be affected by it, and 2. have emergency batteries at the top and nose of the ship
Kreetinks pfrom Tshormanie! Recently I watched a TV-documentary about the CostaConcordia-Desaster and I have to say: Your video is better. Much better. More informative. More suspensful. More entertaining. Keep up the good work!
Turns out.....the overly cocky Italian .......was a total *pussay* ..........Hmm          ........... go figure..................
24:24 "Just Dust and Echoes"
This is the best thing you have done so far.
im back again. i love this video so much. it might be my favorite youtube video of all time :D
This and The Engoodening Of No Man's Sky are my two favorite videos on YouTube. I've been watching YouTube for almost 15 years so I don't say that lightly.
huh so thats what the csh song is about
31:45 is da best
Internet Historian can turn anything entertaining
I love this episode. So good.
In a sane world none of these events should happen. Including the two accidents that happened before this one that captain italiano was responsible for.
0:38 is where he says the Cost of Concordia btw
so much Halo music UwU
Are these people stupid?
Love the Halo music in the second half
Anyone else watch this masterpiece like, once a year or so at least?
Wonder why the officers got jail time at all, it was clearly the captains fault alone.
I used to work on tugboats and the scrutiny of captains and pilots ESPECIALLY when passengers are present on the boat is very freaking high. I always assumed it would be 10 times as scrutinized when it comes to cruise ships but I guess I was entirely wrong
The transitions between segments with the asset of the Costa Concordia exploding just become progressively more hilarious each time
Why didn't he throw it full throttle into reverse? It seems like he remained at 16 knots right up until he hit the rock. The very first thing I'd do if I was in a moving vehicle headed straight toward something is slam on the brakes. In a ship like that you floor it in reverse. It could have probably been avoided if he bothered to at least try stopping the ship first.
So never getting on a cruise ty
Hell yeah, Tusk's theme from KI 2 at the 40:00 mark. A heroic choice of music for a heroic man
The bell is in Virginia in a mancave shed
What version of the song is it
I will never forget when I took a cruise out of New York. It sailed down the coast to visit somewhere in the Caribbean and then went back.  The ENTIRE way down and up the coast there was massive storms. While nothing actually happened to our boat and we were safe, it was so bad that furniture was slipping around and while we tried to sleep the boat rocked so violently that it sounded like a violent plastic car crash when all of the walls and trimming and fittings would crunch.  Mostly everything went on as normal but the staff put out vomit bag stations all over the place and advised people where they could purchase nausea pills.   The things I remember most vividly is that the pools were closed because the water was absolutely unable to stay in the pool due to the shaking and they played movies on deck instead. ....They played Titanic like 3 times. I thought it was the funniest, worst movie choice ever for such a stormy trip!    The other thing I vividly remember is trying to sleep at night and having a really hard time because there was lightning EVERYWHERE outside and the light traveled for MILES on the open ocean! It was as scary as it was cool!  Edit// I forgot to mention the cruise line! I can't remember if it was Carnival or Royal Caribbean but I believe it was Royal Caribbean. I can't speak for their fleet as a whole, but I felt safe on that ship despite the storm and tone deaf movie choice! I was probably 13 at the time.
i tthink i saw hat ship once after the crash and my dumbass thought it was the titanic (i was like 8 or something)
In Russian language captain's last name sounds like "damn livestock"
I really appreciate all of your content. Always well-researched, well-produced and just the right combination of fact, humor, and social commentary. Bravo!  I have ONE nitpick on this video that really doesn't change the epic win that is "The Cost of Concordia", but I've rewatched this video a dozen times since it was released and I want to get it out there in case you ever do a reupload like you did with "Man in Cave"-  "Civitavecchia", the port city mentioned at the start and midway of the video is pronounced "Chiv-uh-tuh-veck-e-a" and not "siv-uh-tuh-veck-e-a" -- But really, GREAT content!
Ignore the haters, i also have some!
While the ship is sinking, the leadership was worrying more about covering up to save their own skin and careers than ensuring the safety of the passengers!
I like this upload schedule
😮There was pasta EVERYWHERE 😢 EVERYWHERE 😪😣😖
Just FYI (in case it was driving anyone else nuts).  The track playing when showing what happens when a ship is '"half rolled over" is not "Halo Combat Evolved - Undercover of Night", it's "Halo 3 - Luck".  At least as best as I can tell.
I cannot believe the captain abandoned ship. His crew members were heroes and gave their lives trying to save passengers and he went back to the hotel and got clean socks. Unbelievable, what a coward
I’m so fuckin ashamed to be Italian.
Every time I watch this one thing in particular stands out; the clip of the girlfriend acting so guilty and demanding that no recordings be made. It makes me wonder.
Italian Michael Scott
Funniest thing on the internet.
No other creator has made sponsor segments as entertaining as you have
I just found this channel. Thank goodness!❤
Blue Squadron was here
"10-15 videos and more of em" 2 years later, one 45 minute video and one 1 hour+ video. You pranked me IH
Employees - "Everything is fine, go back to your cabins"  Everyone - *Michael Jackson lean*
Can we talk about just the sheer amount of drama alert clips he had to watch in order to get the clip at 30:20?
The time from the Ad end up to the blackout of the light is EXACTLY the time it took in reality...
I got an advertisement for a cruse when watching this video. 🤣🤣😂
I had a cruse ship advert in the middle of this video yea no thanks XD
Came back here to listen to this a fourth time and to remind you that we're all expecting a video about the Titan. 😊
Watching this for the 5th time
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel"  Proceeds to release 38min and 1h 14min videos.  I'm very glad that promise didn't hold!
Jesus Christ Linus ShipTips killed me 😂
I'd say you have a PhD in ads, but that would be a massive understatement.
for my review Titanic 3 surpassed my expectations 10/10
looking forward to your titan submersible video
What’s the music where Peter Ronai gets suspicious? It cracks me up every time I hear it 😂🤣
15 minute videos and more often eh? 😂😂
I just saw Abigail Thorn of PhilosophyTube in an ad for a jobfinding app. Felt like it should be noted. Back to stressful comfort rewatches.
Wouldn't be suprised if the Internet Historian had something to do with the sinking of the Concordia..
11th time watching this.
Wait, those plea deals. They get immunity if they testified against him? Doesn't that sound like a reason to lie?
Woah, free cruise and a compensation with a bit of trauma. Sign me up!
42:14 my guy just said lmaoXD and just bailed XD
Please do Cyberpunk
Music 38:34?
Ps..came across your channel & so glad I did! Absolutely brilliant,funny,& informative. Definitely subscribing ♡
Read that hes playing victim & hes a hero🤦‍♀️He was seen drinking with the dancer he was having an affair with.He lied & failed.The youngest victim was a 5 yr old.Her & her father was denied getting on a life boat.Her body was found a month later!Her mom was left to mourn. He on got manslaughter & 16 yrs. He should of gotten the death penalty! Yet he is trying to fibd evidence to prove that hes a hero🤦‍♀️beyond selfish & disgusting
Why didn't they try to stop the ship immediately when they notice danger ahead?? (Serious question)
24:34 what’s the songs name
Maybe this accident was - well - just an accident. Maybe because of the arrogance of the captain but there is no excuse for leaving the ship. There is no excuse for abandon your position on the bridge. Shame on that coward.  Russel Rebello was a hero.
I remember watching this on Italian television as it unfolded.
can anyone tell me what the name of the song at 19:00 is?
That korean couple jeez. Sounds like an absolute nightmare waking up to that
Grosseto realy just said "fuck this shit I'm out"..... twice
"Del Falco" his name even sounds cool...
I think the helmsman was probably not at much fault because he couldn’t speak good English (until he ran away)
This was more interesting than I expected it to be
Halo music is just never a wrong choice
Idk why but this narrator is awesome…I am cracking up😂😂😂
Only time i watched an ad
She was not his "lover", she was his b*tch
I wonder where the bell is now
This video was absolutely fantastic! I remember this happening but never had heard so much detail about it. Bravo Historian!
The Ad was actually the funniest part of the Video.
43:42 DID YOU SAY *INCEL* ??
Please can anyone  tell me whats that music around 24:40 ? Sounds a little like alien soundtrack in few moments..
“Well There’s Your Problem” podcast did a great episode on Costa Concordia.
Dude was charged with multiple mandlaughter and got 16 years lol
It's a video packed with valuable insights.
I’m watching this on a cruise rn
Just got a P&O Cruises advert pop up LMAO!  Fuck they Sharp with their advertising.
2 years later and I still laugh when IH says no more 45 minute videos
Yikes. Never meet your hero, kids. Turns out Internet Historian is a Musk fan and opposes Western assistance of Ukraine.
Cemortan is such an attention seeker. She's so off-putting.
that linus ship tips. lmao
I was working on another cruise ship at the time the Concordia sank, and it was really annoying how the upper officers came down hard on US and put us under a microscope during every safety drill afterward. Like, dudes, I'm just a piano player. I had nothing to do with this shithead captain and his untrained crew fucking everything up.
the titanic could hold 4 compartments flooded, not two as you say in the video 👍 and the sister ship olympic after a bit of a fixing in the design could hold 6 compartments flooded and also titnaic is not a cruise ship she or he is a ocean liner aka passenger ship
38:03 song ?
10:12 the "shut the fuck up" in the background is a nice touch.
The deputy mayor is a badass.
Am I in the middle of a luxury ship heist?
Sorry, I didn't actually watch your video.  I watched Asmongold's.  I gave yours a thumbs up so it would feel a little less like stealing.
Whenever I am sad I am watching this :*D
Still one of the finest youtube videos ever made.
Say, does anyone here knows the name of the music at 24:10 ? I tried to looked it up through the music list in the description but it’s out of order and I can’t find it.
They should have hired Brad's wife... 😢
I could watch 28:48 over and over again for months and not stop laughing.  How did I not know Hide the Pain Harold has a Youtube!?  This channel rocks. Does anyone know what that's from? Also Moldova, between Ukraine and Romania... basically "Party-Town-USSR"  Bunch of drunk slavic kids trying to pick up western european chicks. Hard Pass.
Man is the live action version of Zapp Brannigan
When this video was uploaded I still had hope
“Buy to collect”  Aussie mad lad!
hold up, ONLY 16 YEARS FOR 32 MANSLAUGTERS?????????
6:35 I've just noticed the crew had Italian hand even they were pushing and turning knobs. rofl Attention to details.
Probably my mosr favorite of all historians vidoes.
Yo how the heck did you pull this off? The reaserch, the writing, the editing, animation, voice over? Amazing!!!!
They got a wow classic booster mage to help steer a ship. What a good sir
one of the best videos ever
I kinda want more nord ads plz
I feel like I rewatch this atleast once a month. A true masterpiece! One day we will get the Internet Historian as a dvd box set!
videos like this is why cable tv is failing. one of the most well done deep dives I've ever seen. masterfully made and held 100% of my attention the entire time.
Curriculums should adopt this meme style of storytelling
See y’all for the completed trilogy in a 100 years
Hey man heads up but I figured you'd like to know, there is a content creator named emiru basically taking complete advantage of your work. I know normally ok with reactions but this was different. She won't let ads run so you can earn anything from it plus she barely pays any arrenrion basically she gets free content for no effort gets paid for said vid and doesn't even give you a nod through the add for your hard work. Now what you do with this is up to you of course  but I'd check  her reaction to this vid especially for an idea. Cheers. Keep up the good work thanks
40:05 I hope "Vadda a bordo, cazzo!" was his campaign slogan.
Poor De Falco 🤬
30:45 I think her intellectual brain died well before her psychological brain. Or any of her other brain.
I was young when this happened, so no memory of it at all. Thank you for this video.
God hollow knight ost is so good in this situation and fits in perfectly
22:22 why is the police chief in a general's uniform?
The linus tech tips reference somehow got better😂
Anyone knows what movie is this? 11:23
"He only asked where he could buy a pair of fresh socks" i feel that
You're the only youtuber i enjoy watching ads from
Buncha the Inner Party pricks dying and infighting, who the hell cares?
Baffled this stuff happened.
Real quick note about the cocaine in the captains hair sample; I believe its not literally to say theres cocaine powder on the hair, but rather that it was in his system
This was definitely the most exciting narration I've ever heard on YouTube. I was honestly winding yarn into a ball while listening, and I kept on going faster and faster because this was just so exciting!
Why don't bottle manufacturers specifically make bottles that are easy to break for use with ship inaugurations?
I USE IH VIDS TO PUT MYSELF TO SLEEP
3:30 ada indonesia coy!! 3:30 there are Indonesia!!!!
This might be the greatest thing I've ever seen.
25:40 It’s the Nex mall from Singapore 😭
Went from a painter toa helmsman to driving that shit into a wreck to fleeing and disappearing into the air. What a lad.
Honestly as shitty and cowardly the captain was, it sounds like he actually knew how to steer the ship, and all the issues came from the helmsman misunderstanding directions multiple times. So the actual collision wasn’t Schetino’s fault. The rest of it is, though. The lying, abandoning ship, etc.
As a side note Scattino means “little shit” in Greek. Lol
One of your best.
why does Jim Pickens work as harbour master of livorno?
I would totally like to see a movie about the Costa Concordia.
“Who steals a big fvck off bell?” 😭😭😭
The "Today is the second time I die" speech makes me feel ill.
I’m currently in a bit of a pickle and I’ve come to here to reassure myself, I’m not the only complete f*ck up
38:30 will forever be the best skit of this video
I'm late to the party,  but the bit about "a lot of water" made me laugh historically  13:30
XD did you use halo reach music
Political clownery like this is why im not surprised the Italian Fascist Party in power
Whoever made this guy Captain really deserved to have their $570m ship destroyed
Brilliant movie, mate 😅
Ahh, the cost of Concordia. Video of dreams. Its been, two years..
I believe this is one of my Favorite vídeos You're funny al hell And the history is hillariusly funny WTF
This video was sooo funny lol
This is the only youtuber channel the name is actual true and legit. Scollar indeed.   Protect this youtuber all cost. He sums up everything crazy online and off.
Why does no one give the deputy mayor his dues.. Hauling ass to the scene and going ON BOARD when the captain himself gets off..
The Aron Paul "He can't keep getting away with this!" when he has a second affair was easily the funniest part!
CAR SEAT HEADREST REFERENCE
omg, thank you for putting the music credits in the description, perhaps i missed it before, but very nice for whoever's curious, as I was pleasantly surprised to hear Under Cover of Night from Halo CE, GTA Vice City, and Gran Turismo 6 music during this. 🥴💓
“Idk you tell me” hahaha
The ship cost 500m to make and 1.2b to salvage it. Now you know who the real thieves are...
He actually added that little ha at the and like in the titanic
Love this video, love every details. One of my favourites details is the uncorrectly closed door at 13:22.  Also love when he slips on macaronis. Love all the videogames references. What an awesome way to relate this story. I learned a lot of things.
did they ever find the helmsman?
This Captain is disgusting. He sounds like he could be friends with the piece of garbage who abandoned children to die on the Sewol Ferry in Korea. There should be automatic life in prison for situations like this, or worse.
So the ship is worth half a billion but the salvage operation cost more than twice that? Why not just let it rot underwater at that point?
ciro ambrosio its at the moment the safety officer in costa favolosa hahaha
The Linus Ship Tips hit close to home
saw the intro jack kissing the old man  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacky
10:22 He had an extra glove compartment installed for more alcohol
20:31 love the little HITMAN BEING SEEN WHILE DISGUISING SOUND
Kills 32 people and gets a few years in jail
I got fired as a teenager for being late to food lion after high school too many times. This guy wrecked that many cruise ships and kept his job before this. The world is unfair.
We're sinking, captin and women first.😂😂
Italy. Corruption and incompetence.
45:45 “no more 1 hour long videos”   well that was a fucking lie
All those clowns on the bridge remind me of humanity's response to catastrophic, irreversible, extinction-level Overshoot (e.g. climate change).
That "gotcha bitch" at 35:44 got me lol
17:08 😂😂 i couldn't stop laughing "things are really bad and they are not going to improve"
I don’t know if someone pointed out this but let me commend you on the absolute genius of using Mozart’s Marriage of Figaro for this video 😂😂
Cemortan seems like Moldovas lot lizard
Whoever took the bell hahahahahahah
Time to cover a more recent seaborne well under the sea disaster 😉
DYK : The O G from the meme that inspired his propic illustration...   ...has his own TEDtalk..??     It's...interesting...     Kinda like someone teaching a kid piano or whatever, yet they're only a lesson or two ahead of the kid.  It's not without it's charm tho...he did a good job of it really, and he's as sweet as can be...    Plus, it was kinda kewl to hear such a detailed origin of a meme...
The delivery of 26:43 😂
I get them not wanting people to panic--Panic can be very dangerous. But lying about a *gravely* dangerous situation... Wouldn't events like this make people in the future *less* likely to trust the crew when they are telling the truth when they say a problem is under control?
Does anyone know the titles of the music used in the soundtrack?
2 years later, still the funniest video on YT. ❤ I will never stop watching it
That was interesting! Thank you!🎖🎖🎖🛳️🛳️🛳️
I like how you’re going off the documented incident report and are accurate to the time
I just want to say that this is the second time I have died.
SALGA QUELLA BISCAGGINA, SALGA A BORDO CAZZO !!!! CAPITA' MA E' BBBBUIOH
between this and that accident with that south korean ship I don't think I would ever trust anyone saying to stay calm when shit gets hairy on a ship.
I cant believe this was made 4 years ago
The Costa Concordia disaster is going to make for an amazing movie one day
These videos are gold, earned a sub
From what I remember about this tragedy. Sad that it had to sink and sad that people had to die. Never trust the stay put thing, they're all liers. Trust your instincts.
23:00 I noticed the Halo music
Honestly with how close they are to the shore, vest up and swim
That was amazing
Who here is now waiting for ocean gate to get covered by internet historian.   Costa Concordia: Titanic 2 electric boogaloo.  Ocean gate: Titanic 3 under the sea.
Cap'n must be half jack sparrow with 100 in charisma.
43:50 at first I was like "wait I know that song. Maybe it's actually from something and not just Linus Tech ..." and then the rock started moving. I do not understand why you did that, but it brought me great joy, thank you
I threw up from laughing about 'Linus Shiptips' at 43:48 :D
do a chernobyl video pls
That captain definitely deserves the death sentence for all the people who died. A real shame he is still alive
So is this a dead channel now?
Sup dude Hell yah new upload 😅 what you mean 2 years ago
Can anyone tell me the name of the theme at 24:10
More of them?............please?
Need more vidssss
37:56 activate windows
I literally got a cruise ship ad while watching this. Amazing
What an insane story!
Never go on foreign cruise lines... CHECK!
It was the company that crewed the ship with incompetents. There shouldn't have been a single crew member on a ship of that magnitude who did not have years of experience in that position on a large ship. And I mean from the captain all the way down to the guys that clean the toilets.
It's been almost two years, me and my gf still watch this once every couple months or whenever we feel down. You're the best
Watching the q&a then this again it really puts a new perspective on everything
Women's rights are super violated 24/7 in shittons of places across the globe in any centuries including Today's age, and it's always them spoiled pick-me bitches like domnica that makin it even more harder for us ffs.
46:30 well that was a fuckin' lie
We'll wait for him to upload the Oceangate Video
Another internet historian banger!
Day 1 of asking internet historian to do a video of the Andrea Dora
Holy fuck I died laughing at the sound effects “O SHIT”
Where do these fax come from? Seems like you were there watching happen
Captain Schettino is the living embodiment of the “This is fine” dog.
This video doesn't play Jack ass.
Late in the video, I saw scenes from what looked like a video game?  What game was this?  If not a game, how'd you make it/where'd you find it???
I like how you keep using clips of various Halo soundtracks songs throughout this video.
If the story telling was any more on point, we're all gonna get out eyes gouged out
OMG I WACHT YOU SUN FILMS
Why would you use the Titanic music for a documentation about a Cruise Sh... Oh....Ooooh no
"Shorter videos and more of them"
what an amazing documentary :D so funny and entertaining the whole way to the end ! amazing and hyped for whats to come in the future ♥
Title should've been "The Costa the Concordia"
You should do one on the ferry estonia 🇪🇪
Before disaster: "Nothing can possibly go wrong." During disaster: "Everything is perfectly fine, there's no disaster!" After disaster: "It wasn't _my_ fault!"
Not YouTube recommending this to me a month after the submarine thing
How have I been missing this glorious channel??? This shit’s hilarious!!! 🤣🤣😎
the day when it sank locals could just go get free life vests, something positive for locals.
A ja tu trafiłem od Maćka z kanału "Z Dupy". Fajny montaż, a cała historia jest niesamowita. Chers from Poland!
Makes sense the helmsman ran off He cocked up at the worst possible time,  that blood is on his hands, he may have wanted to wipe it off, but in court the black light would’ve made everything clear
correction at 1:39 titanic was safe with 4 flooded compartments, but the berg tore through 5-6
For sale. Nearly new, slight bit of water damage. Hardly notice it.
I rewatch this a couple of times a year and I keep hoping they won't crash on the rocks. I'm let down and enjoy the sensation every time.
Why was I laughing so hard
This video is boring. You're losing your edge Mister Metokur. I'm off to watch Ben Shapiro.
*The universe setting this boat up for failure:* Just sail man it'll be fine. *The captain:* .... I can not argue wit dat. \_:)_/
Sims characters is crazy
So, a company got away without a criminal trial, the court (maybe with help from the company) gives each other person under trial an offer to get away for free if they just joined them in throwing the captain under the buss?  Very few people would NOT lie to get that deal, and the company also got what they wanted; a scapegoat.
THIS JUST SHOWS HOW ARROGANT, STUPID AND EVIL SENIOR PEOPLE IN CHARGE ARE. BECAUSE IN THE SAME WAY THE ACCIDENT AT CHERNOBYL HAPPEND. IT IS THE ARROGANCE AND STUPIDITY THAT CAUSE THESE DISASTERS.
At least no one will die trying to see the remains, like with Titanic
The content doesn't matter (though it is good), it's all about the voice. Lovely lullaby.
The opening reminds me so much of the JonTron Titanic video
Well… I guess we now have a trilogy of titanic level catastrophe
Anyone else think Linus tech ships would have been better? No? Okay then
My heart goes out to the poor souls that died in the elevator. What a horrible way to go.
Using the sims is amazing
lol this is based on a real story I can't believe this
Internet Historian, when are you making a video of OceanGate?
WHY WOULD YOU PLAY “my heart will go on” on a CRUISE SHIP???  Ignoring what happened afterwards, let’s talk about THAT forever
$570 million for a massive cruise ship is a bargain compared to the £36 BILLION in taxpayer funds paid to "Marzipan Dildo"for a test & trace phone app that not only didn't work but was nothing more than an Excel sheet on the backend.  It was blatant corruption, cronyism and procurement fraud from the Tory government and their friends and donors.  All Tories and the racist idiots that vote for them are vile and disgusting.  They all need to be thrown in prison for treason!  I hope there is such a thing as heaven and hell because these people will surely burn for eternity!
It’s gotta take some serious balls to say “I died twice” while you’re at a hearing for a tragedy where 30 or so people *literally* died.
Why did the ship from the 2008 accident also have the name Costa Concordia?
The absolute fucking commitment of making a big fucking pot of spaghetti with all the fixins just to pull it out by hand and reveal THE DEETS in the bottom for 10 second transition is just fucking incredible
ive seen both versions and i like this one quite a bit. my lady person actually watched about half of it.
Now if only David goggins was there to carry the boat
White Flag from Fall of Envy is a banger. They should have actually played it while going down.
I got a midroll for Costa Sunglasses.
Titanic wasn't e cruise ship by the way. It was an oceanliner. Oceanliners>buses, cruise ship>limo
Maybe they should have tried to run the engines in reverse as soon as they realized they were on a collision course
The metal cover of White Flag had me wheezing
seems like they did not bring enough jam for the water doors
Why isn't she in jail after caused 33 people to die.
classiest video ive seen about the Concordia🤌🤌
The doctor phil in old timey judges wig kills me
44:03 i think its pretty funny that getting the ship to float again costed more than double that of the ship itself
8:47 The flying spaghetti sent me
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
LOL the Italian comment at 31:49 says exactly "For god's sake leave piloting cabins alone"
There is nothing you can say to convince me that they were actually playing “my heart will go on” on the ship.
Time to watch this video again for the umpteenth time.
The end killed me 😂😂😂
I can't wait for you to do that submarine
37:45 nothing like finding a way to shit on communism in a video about a disaster only capitalism could have encouraged
I'm rewatching this
13:55 Is this a parody of "LIONEL"?  Tell the emergency services your Location, about the Incident, Other services required, Number of casualties, Extent of injuries, and Location.  I do like the poster of LIVE: Lie to prevent panic, Interfere with rescue, Vindicate self, Evacuate first
My favourite line in this video is "Who steals a big fuck off bell?"
As an italian its interesting see the point of wiev of a guy from another country about Costa Concordia! p.s. TG5 is one of the italian television show that are property of the govern. p.p.s. the exact pronunce of "cazzo" need a strong and long "z".
Yoooo mad respect to South Korean couple.  When sex after alcohol is that good, anyone can sleep through even an Armageddon.
Oh God this is the best history class I've ever found
we need ones for oceangate now
Coward captain and jihadi helmsman.
This video is my comfort food for YouTube. Somehow I just love coming back to it whenever I feel stressed out. It's just perfection. 😙👌
It sucks that the helmsman messed up the port turn when they were trying to avoid the rock. Imagine if instead of reading about this idiot sinking the Concordia, we read about the captain who fucking Tokyo drifted a cruise 2x the size of titanic around a rock
There was also wind that had pushed them further than they had predicted (another documentary I saw mentioned this)
Fun but unsettling fact (for me),  I was born on the 13th of January (the unfortunate day xD) , and I was celebrating my 19th birthday that fateful evening. Luckily, not on Costa Concordia, anyway!
God I cannOT WAIT for the inevitable Oceangate video
If you ever feel useless. Just remember that the helmsman of the Costa Concordia exists
The people in this comment section don't seem to understand that this isn't a fucking nautical disaster channel. There's no precedent that he's going to talk about the submarine event just because he talked about the Costa Concordia.
Bro, we miss you. When are you going to be back?
Dude, that thumbnail was something else man
Everything that could go wrong went wrong. The captain's incompetence is mind-blowing.
can't wait for the ocean gate episode
"I will cause you a BOATLOAD of trouble!" This line hits hard.
I still come back to rewatch over and over, please come back internet historian
Don’t lie you came back here after the oceangate titan tragedy
Schettino drifter nato
On the principle of reaching equilibrium, Titanic was rated to survive flooding for the first 4 compartments, not 2. 6 compartments were breached, although the 6th compartment (Boiler Room 5) breach was small enough for the pumps to keep under control. The 5th compartment ahead (Boiler Room 6) was far too heavily breached meaning her doom.
24:04 The titanic was an ocean liner not a cruise ship
Can’t wait for the Evergreen video in 2031.
I dont understand why he didn't just call the coast guard when it happened....
Who say ypu are allowed. I did because f you. That's why
I have no words for Captain Shit-tino...
The greatest most bestest documentary ever told. Informative as FK, a behind the scenes perfectly paced breakdown. All of it delivered like a Boss!
I know the video is halfway done, and years old, but the Halo music got me here
Man, I missed all of this in the 1997 box office hit The Titanic with Leonardo DiCavince and Kartier Winslet
What is used to animate this
Love this channel with my soul
Wow. I wasn’t aware of this. I wonder why they would hire a chief of security and a former painter to sail this ship. Ridiculous to say the least. A good informative version 🎸😊
this is brilliant!
Sharp right, sharp right. Triple caution !!
The ship is bad and the captain is just a pure piece of crap
What a shitty ship, two engine and generator rooms are close together
Wait the captain is like the worst lol
Why did they wait three years to get the ship up again? Wouldn't much of it be repairable if they recovered it within some weeks? Or is saltwater too aggressive?
Real life is crazier than fantasy, yet a lot of people would still be surprised how much money big heads are willing to pay for ridiculous things like this one.
The Helmsman seems quite a lot at fault here. Absolutely the Captain as well, primarily simply for his cowardness, a (litteral) Captain leaves ship last. Period. but 7:59 speaks quite clearly nevertheless. ... I can somewhat understand why he f-ed off into some jungle. He most certainly would have deserved some form of punishment too.
@internet history do oceangate!
Mamma mia!
21:38 „Who say you’re allowed ?“ WHO SAYS IM NOT ALLOWED BITCH
I can't. You sound like you're reading a story to a bunch of 5 year olds
Am I the only one who feels bad for entertainers at cruises, casinos, resorts, theme parks, etc?
Mario would you teach me some italian 😂 that part was brilliant
lmao they assumed that dude saved people while dying, dude was prob dead way before. 23:58 seems like disney made that headline
the "oh my goh" at 1:16 really sets the tone for the video
👌Nice!
It costed Concordia 500 million to build only to be wasted in a matter of hours at sea.
That LTT intro got me real hard
What the music around 24:13 to 24:58
Excellent use of the Halo and Dead Island soundtracks in an already epic video!
The mgs2 alarm theme was perfectly done
what was up with the asian racism there
Women never take accountability of their actions
"You are not allowed to film movie" 😂 yes do not record our failure and how arrogant we were
Such a well made content... I loved Defalco, but sadly many times who does his work well doesn't get the right prize in Italy, officers in particular, many times dirtier they are, higher rank they achieve... that's not even the worst case here, trust me... Search who's the general Mario Mori, or DeDonno, or Cuffaro... Or Nicola Calipari, or the responsible for the G8 disaster in Genova
That's the freaking best ad ever. Lmao.
Easy way to fix this. Make a requirement that every crew member speaks the same language fluently. Note that language doesn’t have to be English. It just has to be the same among all crew members.
The Linus ship tips part got me 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
What did he say at the end less 40 minute content and more 10 minute content and more of them he sure did keep his word
That is most definitely a sim LOL
This channel is a gift.
Schettino was an absolute slayer banging the ship's dancers, doing cocaine, running a smuggling ring for mafia and now a famous celebrity. Cool guy
Do the titanic sub next
1:41 Titanic could float with any. compartments flooded
Either Costa knowingly employed unqualified 'people' to captain and steer the ship, or they knowingly didn't bother with training for any of the bridge crew. Either way, the lovers allowed Carnival to avoid manslaughter.
I thought the part about the caption saying he just accidentally fell into a lifeboat was a joke and found out recently it wasn’t.
Aside from the brilliant editing, I love that this video isn’t so much about the sinking of the Concordia, but about the shit show all around it, which is probably why we’re all here. Condolences to the friends and family of the 33 people who’s lives were lost in a careless stunt.
hiring a helmsman who doesn't speak the language of the rest of the crew was a really dumb decision. putting all his background aside, if the helmsman can't fully understand the orders the captain is saying then things are bound to take a turn for the worse sooner or later. Also, orders to abandon ship should have been issued as soon as the engines failed because any competent captain knows that a sinking ship without any power is a lost cause. The focus should have been getting as many people off the ship as possible before the ship founders.
Hilariously done. I direct that to the guilty characters in the whole mess.  But, more importantly, RIP to those lost, and my ongoing sympathy to their loved ones.
Oceangate sub documentary when?
oh god not again
Did the engineer survive?
Wow
Good video. But some would argue that M/S Estonia was a larger cruise-ship disaster with over 800 dead. And the fire on the Scandinavian Star with over 150 casualties. Estonia also comes with a fair share of tin-foil levels of speculation what actually happened
The ladder was hilarious!
Nobody wanna mention the part in the Nord ad where our Historian barely suppresses a laugh followed by someone else in the room at the time of recording going 'shut the fuck up' between laughs, only for our Historian to double down and add that he took the steering wheel of too. 😂 Anyways I think of this song everytime I listen to 'The Ballad of the Costa Concordia' by Car Seat Headrest.  "It was an expensive mistake!" "How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship!" I'd love to write video scripts like this someday, I just lack the other thousand skills to take a video like this to completion. Looking forward to the video on the Titan, please take your time, I'm sure it'll be worth it.
41:18  Best line in this whole video ngl
This is one of my favorite videos of yours. Please do one about OceanX!
Watching this after Titan hits different
Modern day.    This cant happenism
The Empress of Ireland was 2y after the Titanic, but otherwise well done lol
35:00 onwards is fucking excellent 👌 😂😂😂
oh god
What is most disturbing thing about the interview is that 23:15 while he is lying about last one to leave there are still 35 people in there and 32 acutally died.
Oceangate TITAN
30:44 "i want to say today is the second day i died" she says when PEOPLE ACTUALLY DIED while shes giving tv interviews.
I love the intensity with the decision to do a sail-by salute "closer than we've ever gone before..." as if there's ANY reason to do that.
31:03 Moldova is an Eastern European nation nestled in between Romania, Ukraine, and Russia. It, alongside Wallachia, formed the basis for the modern state of Romania. If I understand it correctly, the reason why Moldova isn't a part of Romania is a result of Soviet Russian efforts to create a cultural/identity division between Moldovans and Romanians.
😂😂👌🏻
Wow! Your delivery is *FANTASTIC* !
This is amazing
The Three Stooges could have been better crew than this lot !
Simply one of the funniest videos I’ve ever seen…..brilliant!👍
yall think he's gonna do one for the submersible
Please someone tell me the name of the music at 24:11
This is one of the best documentaries I've ever seen
So maybe this is against tradition and, I'm sure there's very good reasons for this.. and I'm sure in many situations this is you know perfectly smooth operation but from someone that understands that the more moving parts in the situation, adds more points of failure.. perhaps navigation should have as few components in the chain, so as to make sure that from start to bottom.. The thing that needs to occur in the navigation, occurs in the navigation.. and perhaps.. just perhaps.. this should be accomplished by people who have successfully communicated before! Perhaps that could be a selling point maybe? Like you don't just get a captain, you get a captain navigator and pilot as like a trio.. or perhaps a navigator and pilot as a trio.. with the third being Jesus, cuz honestly, like he could always get out and scout giving this water working abilities or it's just a good idea in general, he's got a real level head as long as cameras.. so maybe maybe that might be awkward on a cruise ship but you know what.. like he's pretty chill Bill he'll fit in.
Payday OST goes hard for this
Dominica made my blood boil Jesus how self absorbed can you be
Holly shit, that mayor is an absolute unit of a man!
this video has become very relevant again
Not gonna lie, I tried googling nudes of Dominica lol
Titan 😂
Ok its a bit sus that the captain nearly completed the plot of two different movies. Speed 2 and Poseidon
Ok but that deputy mayor who voluntarily went on board the ship is actually a chad.
BRO! When are getting the OCEANSGATE's STORY?!
“Aahhhhhh the….gym”😂 Not one person on that bridge seems to have been qualified for the job🤦
can't wait for the animated movie about the costa Concordia involving rapping dogs and magic moonbeam dolphin tears
Can't wait for internet historian to talk about ocean gate
If there exists a hell, I would like for the captain and his whore to be stuck in and endless loop of trying to escape “The Poseidon” ship upside down for 3900 years. 100 for every death they caused. Seems fair.
Well the captain and his mistress seem like a perfect fucked up couple 😂
Always assume the worst… unless you’re this captain….🤦🏻‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Omg my heart will go on was playing? How wild. 😂😂😂
Of course there were many brave people trying their best to save as much people as possible involved in this too. But everything about the Captain and the company that owned the ship sounds just so stereotypically italian.
does anyone know the music at 12:15
Wouldn’t it be hard to port to turn right due to tiller commands?
this is more relivant now then ever
Ship offices should speak all same language. Former Captain scitino Abandoned Passenger and ship crew. I am glad peoples went to prison. Good work on the video.
You should collaborate with MaxMoeFoe
I have watched this several times, and while I am not a captain of a cruise ship I think I could have done a better Job in that situation, actually I think a golden retriever could have done a better job in that situation
“Still flooded?”  “yis”
This man can make any tragedy dank as fuck, please make one for the titan submersible once the dust has settled
How did they let him continue captaining after crashing two different massive boats?
You know what we want!! OceanGate!!!
The Internet Historian episode of the Oceangate Titan is going to be exquisite!
spicy 💀
Looking forward to your take on the Titan submersible... in 15 years 🥲
Using hornets theme song from hollow knight was a stroke of genius.
How did the Titanic keep power on right up until it split but this modern beast couldn’t last 29 seconds?
Those chapter traditions are amazing. Good telling of the story too, I guess.
Looking forward to the titanic sub video in 2025
As an Italian, this is the best documentary we could ask for 🤍
Theyre playing "my heart will go on" ayo 😂😂😂😂
So! Who's here watching/coming back to this vid because of the ocean gate incident?
Easily my fave vid of yours, Harold, keep up  the good work! 👍
personally i'm excited for your oceangate coverage in a few years
I HOPE HE DOES AN OCEAN GATE 😂
Bravo bravo!
It’s the titanic expansion pack
You should do the poop boat
Holy shit dude this is one of the best videos I've ever seen on YouTube. Absolutely hilarious.  Many genuine hard laughs from it.  Outstanding mate
When an apocalypse hits, do come join me and my imaginary friends around a fireplace. We’d be very much entertained by your storytelling, and I’ll make sure to reward you with some great food- lol
What game is at 38:15?
Hope you talk about the Submarine
Cool that I get an TUI Cruises ad on this video.
“Who steals a big fuck off bell” had me cackling!!! 😂😂😂😂
Omg I laughed all the way thought this! 😂 YOU GOT ME! I’m subscribed and I’m going straight to hell! 🤪🔥
What’s crazy is how new ships are practically double in size now….with the same level of trained people running these things. I doubt you can successfully evacuate 8k people quickly. Also, why aren’t life boats designed to be lowered with a list? Most ships list when there’s a prob. The whole industry is so corrupt.
Its time for The Cost of Submarinia
Ironically Titanic 1912 Costa Concordia 2012
25:19, 29:18
I’ve never seen anything this satirical. It’s very amusing.
You need to do one of these based on the Titan submersible implosion.
I’m so excited for the video essay on the Titanic Submarine in another 8-10 years!!!
All my homies hate Schettino.
coming back here after the latest titanic related happenings lol
God I hope you do one of these for the bootleg sub
Hope we get a Titan internet historian
28:27
BOY YOU WASTED ALL THEM GOOD NOODLES WTFH
Here because these dumb a$$ billionaire’s drowned in 2023.
I hope you make a video about the Titan submarine and OceanGate. There are SOOO many parallels to Titanic!!!!! Please.
Serious question, when is the OceanGate's Submersible episode dropping?
I have never seen nor heard of this channel until today and thought I was clicking on a serious video essay. Imagine the whiplash of this opening! This was so good, and so well done.
Im ready for Internet Historian's Titanic Submarine Video 😎
What's the song at 24:12 ?
@ltt
Here's hoping you'll make a video on the OceanGate Titan debacle next.
No way they played the titanic song on a Friday the 13th the year the titanic disaster turned 100yo and plus when the ship already hit the rock bro this is too many coincidences I'm calling it now in 90 years this is definitely gonna repeat itself
I'm waiting for a video about the oceangate bathyscaphe titan
Балдёж
I’m sure we will be seeing something like this again soon ™️
The helmsman that fled the country really lives up to his countries stereotypes😂
So, do you plan on making a sequel to this video on the Titan submarine, and all the shenanigans which surround its destruction?
My ads on this video are for a Disney cruise (and a cordless lawnmower tbf)
8:44 Moms Spaghetti 🍝 🍝:(
Me waiting for Internet Historian to make a video on the Titanic submarine:
@InternetHistorian You are bound by oath (not true) to cover the tragedy of the DIY submersible Titan and it's tragedy. Man, the amount of edgyness of some lord memers on the internet. Like if these poor souls were the devil incarnated.
Can’t wait for the video on the Titan sub!
24:02 He looks like that dude from House
Submarine video is gonna be amazing in 10 years
Waiting for the video on these dum dums who went in a tiny toilet can to go see the Titanic and got lost.  Their logitech PS3 controller probably stopped charging.
Is it bad when I heard the submarine story that one of the first things I thought of was “man, that would make a cool Internet Historian video in a few years”.
New content for Internet Historian now lol
My sister was on this ship during this lol.
Fun fact:  the word “Italy” actually translates to “complacency of procedure” in English.
had to revisit this video after that titanic submersible disaster
Am i  gay
Guys did I fabricate this memory or didn't he used to have one about the poop cruise from hell?
Lmao that was one of the best YouTubes I’ve seen
cant wait for a internet historian video on the Titan Sub that went missing at the Titanic.
666k likes
orang indo memang beban
Waiting for the inevitable Internet Historian video about the Oceangate aub disaster- which is somehow more bonkers than the Concordia!  Learn the darn lesson and knock it off jackasses!
I mean, he could've reduce the speed, right? Acceleration would obviously still be a problem, but reamining at the same speed instead of even trying going reverse is just nuts
This video appears to answer the question we all have asked: what was the Cost o' Concordia?
This is the pinnacle of shitty little people only worried about themselves, respinsible for millions in damages, lost lives, and the loss of naval and military capabilies because the only thing going through these cockroach's minds is 'i need more for myself'
Can't remember the last time I laughed so hard with a video 😂😂😂    absolute treasure
Gonna need one for the Titanic sub in a few years
give this man a medal
Why does a lying failed captain who ran from his duty and lied about the whole affair becoming a politician make so much sense?  Edit: I'm dumb and can't listen.
Who else caught the Splinter Cell music at 35:50?!
Nobody could make this story up. this is real life. where everything and everybody is stupid and you as a normal person have to rely on braindead monkeys for life-death situations.  (great video you are really good at building up suspense)
This is fucking hilarious, despite the fact that 32 people are dead because of incompetent idiots.
Trust the Italians to find a way to blame a woman for a man's faux pas. "Her mere presence was a distraction!!!"  Also, though he couldn't speak English/Italian, I feel like "port" and "starboard" are some words you should pick up fast as a seaman, regardless of native tongue. The helmsman failed everyone with his incompetence, captain's post-action aside
1:24 Well that's kind of ironic, since when the Edmund Fitzgerald was launched the bottle of wine didn't break on the first try. There was another incident on that launching but mostly ironic since The Fitzgerald is now on the bottom of Lake Superior.
I revisited this video today, just as funny as the day you put out.
Why would you go dwn with the ship , its a cruise ship not a battleship in war .
I’d love a Chernobyl video however popular that incident has become
The sad part is that if they'd just said "Yes we ran aground, the coastguard are coming to relieve us" from the very beginning, panic would have probably been avoided all together
2:11   I’ve got a good feeling about this :D
41:32 God damn... I was doing so well not laughing out loud at work, and then this part happens.
Same thing happened in Korea with much worst scale, I wish he make video about that one too
Doing a paper on this. Felt this would be a great place to come
Back to watch for probably 5th time... enjoy all these long stories!
8:35 anyone know the name of the song that played before this one? it used to be different but i assume a copyright strike or something happened forcing him to change the music
The "oh God not again" sent me
24:11 someone know the name of the music?
The “I slipped and fell into a lifeboat” …… 😂😂😂
The Titanic rests peacefully on the bottom of the ocean; The Costa Concordia lies idle on its side, half submerged like a beached whale.
Description of video just reads, "Ship-a go sink." 😂
I was on this ship in 2007.
MALCOLM LANDGRAAB???
@Internet Historian any update on man in hole?😊
21:35 This is the most "Karen" thing to do at the worst possible time. 😅😂
I'm wondering why ships seem to always have compartments that go through the whole width of the ship. Imagine if ships were built a little different, below water line there are no electicity generators, so in case of flooding, no power goes out too fast. Then imagine if instead of a compartment being the width of the ship, they are split into three thirds. For example you have the engines in the middle, then you have a thick wall, behind that wall is another compartment that is connected to the hull. So if a rock slices up the side of the ship, only the compartments next to the damage are flooded, meanwhile 2/3 of the compartments that would be flooded currently would be safe
The Titanic but the captain is stupid and bad at everything
Captain McAllister of The Simpsons would have done a better job.  Or Captain Foxy the pirate of FNAF.
I remember the US media going apeshit about this, calling it "a real life Titanic moment" having apparently forgotten that Titanic wasn't just a film.  They also went with "Thank goodness it was so close to shore" somewhat conveniently forgetting that it was the shore that sunk the damn thing
Ok the list of bad omens is almost comical.
Maldova - "??? Idk you tell me ???" perfect
(Plays "Razormind" during the escalating tension)  Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well...
This would be a great movie
26:20  who steals a big fuckoff behl? Gets me everytime
Where’s the tune that plays at 40:29 from? It sounds so familiar
I can't stop watching this
This episode from south park is so fucking good
Ive watched this like 15 times i swear.
There are several inaccuracies in the visual depiction of navigational orders
So im a merchant mariner(we sail on cargo ships crews ships car cariers oil and bulk carriers ect) and im also a helmsman you may knot know it but when im not up in the bridge i basically chip rust paint steel and clean
God I love the payday 2 music man
45:56 It's not "from whence" you came it's just "whence". For the record. ;)
I took the crash with my psychological brain
Feels like the whole world has turned into one big costa concordia
Still looking for those seeecreeeet channels
22:45. My former Bishop in Duluth?
Have you heard about the Sewol Ferry Tragedy? That one really makes you lose faith if your fellow humans 😮‍💨
All of this for some meaningless stunt.
Looked up captain on the rocks.
As a Titanic nerd, oh God, this video, it's amazing
i keep watching this video over and over
Is this channel dead?
round of applause!
28:48 i cant i just cant
Basically treated this cruise ship like a mustang leaving a car meet
6:15 lmaoooo
A few days after i was born
Glad the hit so close to shore instead of goofing up far off from shore.
So in other words complete morons were steering a over 500 million dolor ship, seems like a great idea.
He changed the music at 8:27 I guess Montserrat Caballé didn't like her version of O mio babbino caro being used without her permission.
Nothing could go wrong with the ship on which the vhampaign bottle didn't break, sailing on Friday the 13th, on the 100th anniversary of the Titanic sinking. Nothing!
24:04 What about Estonia?
There is just something about this video. I can't tell what it is. I just keep coming back to it every couple months. Its just so good
"Back to 10 - 15 minute videos and more of em'"   Biggest lie ever told lmaooo
As someone who made damage worth 5 figures to my employer recently. This vid makes me feel a bit better about myself...
Okay, I sat on watching this for years. I regret that, this one had me falling out of my chair.   "Gonna set the sails?" LMAO
Shame the captain couldn't have been keelhauled as punishment.
still my favorite video on youtube
That bell is definitely sitting in some wealthy collector's house.
32 people died because of that spoiled asshole's negligence
Always love to watch this video every few months
Could have been worse, they could have offered 11,000 GTA$ in shark cards
This is a great representation of how Trump handled Covid-19
This is probably the best video on YouTube.
I work near the Nex shopping mall at 25:40 lmao
That little "Shut the fuck up" during the ad really adds a lil somethin
Loved everything about how you presented it. P. S. Loved the subtle nod to the Titanic theme at the very beginning. It wasn't note for note, but the general melody was there. Cheers.
I do love your content.... looking forward to this years post :-D
it's long form documentary videos like these that i live for
31:37 at least she did someting good
Small nitpick: Titanic was rated for FOUR compartments being flooded.
Wouldn't it have been better for the cruise ship to crash headfirst rather than do the manuever that they attempted? Just curious.
I honestly feel bad for the helmsman since he didnt understand english and his profession was painting and cleaning
Imagine you listen to the stupid yelling lady and head back to your cabin JUST to hear the announcement saying to go to the muster stations 🙄
Im a big LTT fan, the music and intro at the end caught me off guard lmao
Russel 😭😭😭😭😭💔💔💔💔💔
Back to watch my favorite youtube video ✨
Naval historian here. In days past, this Captain would have been executed for this, civilian or military. He absolutely changed into a suit to avoid assisting other passengers, which is one of the most selfish unconscionable thing ive ever heard of. There are modern day cruise ships where cabin boys assist passengers in an emergency, it is inexcusable for the Captain to not do anything for the passengers..not to mention it was HIS mistake. Honestly kinda surprised none of the dead passengers families had him killed
What kinda 90s disclaimer in fine print bs was that at the beginning?!
The captain looks like Italian Ron DeSantis.
Not having actual generators and backup electrical hubs / panels above waterline is so stupid
18:10 guy is straight up the type of person that wants a high paying/lots of responsibilities job, but doesn't want to work/make a significant decision if it comes...
And the moral of the story is: don't cut corners.
Just noticed the man in a cave video is gone again 😭
I love to keep coming back to this video, just because your storytelling is amazing. Also, the biggest tragedy about all this is how easily it could have been avoided.
A horrible disaster, for sure, but Italy's one senator less corrupt. Using the Sims was a weird choice but i like it. Let them also hurray at the fact Skittino's still in prison and nowhere near the water
man them ads are actually reaaaaaally funny.
Excluding the seriousness of this incident. This is the most Italian thing that could happen post rescue.   I really thought he was waiving to his girlfriend but turns out that she was there the whole time… wow
It's like a Netflix version of Titanic
We need a video of your conversation with jordan peterson
Standard Italian arrogance and cowardice
Holyyyyy F*CK dude...  Man... Its like... immediately following the collision.. the captain especially, everyone else in the bridge, and the majority of the rest of the crew...  all had their IQs simultaneously f*ckin' CHOPPED THE F*CK down by 30+ points... Or gd something dude.. upon collision they wete all like.👁️👄👁️ 🤨🤔🤬😐☹️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️😧😨😭🤕☠️💀💀💀💀
Chances are the joke has already been made, but I haven't seen it so let me throw this out into the either. There's some real historical synchronicity going on here with the way Schettino's name is pronounced exactly like the swear "skotina" in russian. Accurate description of what he is.
Love coming back to re watch this such a master piece
24:05 thats not true! Maybe the largest by ship size comparing to Titanic, but a small disaster comparing to M/S Estonia sinking in 1994 where 852 people died.
After all those years I am still amazed how Schettino can look like the most Cliché italian man ever.
How are they allowed to put my heart will go on on a cruise ship?, it would be like playing final destination on a plane
It actually means "Get on board dick!"
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel.  Back to 10-to-15 minute videos, and more of 'em"  >makes 2 videos in the 2 subsequent years, one almost as long and one almost twice as long
46:30 Wheeze...
32:30 pausing the music with the "speech" alongside t-t-TODAY JUNIOR had me rolling
14:07 Wendigoon was in this video, too?
46:30 - Internet Historian - _"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel, back to 10-15 minutes and more of 'em."_ lol
16 years for horrific negligence which costed 32 people their lives... And more people would've died if they listened to him... Doesn't seem like enough.
how was this video 2 years ago oh god
yes, but why did you use the hollow knight OST
Hard to believe this was 2 years ago already feels like it was only like last year this one came out
"Then it was Jacob's turn and he said....."LMAOXD""  What a legend. Dude was out of there like a boner in sweatpants.
It's a FUCKING miracle that only  sadly 32  people died in this debacle  I mean if it hadn't drifted back to shore she would have turned turtle and then the death toll would have Been in the hundreds if not more  The fact that it was driven on to giglio  was a godsend it could have been so much worse  It could have been a new Titanic   Just saying 🇧🇻
This is why you dont diversity hire. Like. Ever.
Fam deserves a pulitzer for this vid. This is top 10 youtube for sure...maybe even top 5...maybe even top 3 to 5..
17:06  Weird... that's the EXACT same phone I have sitting next to me at my desk right now.
I don't know where you have the line " worst oceanliner desaster since Titanic" from. I think the almost six thousand casulties from Wilhelm gustlov strongly disagree
Lamo halo soundtrack yo
Honestly hearing the whole story, this would’ve been a hilarious comedy of errors and incompetence except for the little fact that _people died because of it_
ALZA LA MANO SE SCHETTINO È IL TUO CAPITANO
he changed the music
42:13 Why can’t I stop laughing at this? 😂
I know I shouldn't laugh, but the flying pasta and cappuccino caught me off guard. If I'm going to hell, anyone else who laughed is coming with me. 🤣  Although 38:08 Got me too. Lol.   On a serious note, De Falco went all in when it realy counted, and did save lives. That he can be proud of (despite his superiors deciding image was more important). I hope politics doesn't cause him to sell his soul.  Love your documentaries. 😊👍
35:25 Skullgirls music in the background
31:45 God help us! There goes the plane!
Everyone watching this needs to lookup the audio of the coast guard officer and the costa captain. The Coast Guard absolutely tears into him its so gratifying
I feel like the chicks relationship with the captians a bit irrelevant... the same distraction argument can kimda be made for her being his friend and him trying to get in her britches.. friendzoning him basically and her still being a sort of distraction
28:48 what meme is this??
the copyright version of the titanic song at the beginning 😂
questo video mi ha fatto venire voglia di viaggiare in nave
I love that at the end he says there will be more shorter videos uploaded to the channel after this one but there's only been one other upload since this one.  Mr historian is a busy man.  Granted his other channels have had a lot of content but I'm holding him to the claim that there would be more here.
🇾🇹
Remember reach
The fact the helmsman was charged anything at all given the circumstances is shocking to be honest
I like to put this video on every so often to remind myself that I am not the biggest failure of a human.
Gotta love the Halo music at 22:40
It's good to hit this documentary up every 6 months...of course it's a documentary, there are facts, at least some, presented by a meme, also hosted by a long lost YouTube personality...that guy who knows that weird guy from Ordinary things...
it was an expensive mistake
10:46
13:21 jesus christ that door opening sound effect nearly gave me a heart attack
Even his ads are top tier. God bless you Internet historian.
fucking hell. I'm glad IH doesn't upload on the main, all these videos just make me angry.
Lmao where is that guy in red snorting coke and smacking his head from?!?!
Imagine if the magician never let the lady out of the box
I keep coming back to this video
What song at 12:13?
You shouldn't put a life vest on BEFORE you've gotten out. It'll trap you in by floating.
Whats the song at 24:10?
Sometimes I’m not sure if I watch your videos for the content or your ads
yeah I think since Titanic, there has been worst disasters than this... even that one in South Korea not long ago with some students, were, the crew of the ship, and the authorities saw how useles idiot the captain of the costa was, and told themselves... hold my beer... and went even worst
This has become a comfort watch to me lol, I probably watched it like 20 times now just because I like listening to it while working :P
i just realize nord VPN smoke by his nose
I gotta watch this video every time it comes across my feed. Got to. It's incredibly well done.
the amount of times Ive re watched this is crazy
Oh noooo! Where did the splendid "CAVE" documentary go?
Even the ads in this video are great. Dude, your YouTube game is next level. Appreciate the awesome vids, and even better icon
Great video. What's important to point out, I feel, is that there have, unfortunately, been other, far worse ship desasters since the Titanic, just not cruise ships. This makes the statement at 24:23 still absolutely correct, but, regrettably potentially a bit misleading.
I've watched this video literally two dozen times!!! 😂
"The Costa Concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic". And then, boom South Korea ferry verdict killing more than 300 people.
I like how the Italian government took $1 million and was like "okeh were good" lmao international gangsters
Man.. i just love that Linus Ship tips intro 😂
Cocaine on the ship would also explain another reason why the captain was so distracted. No doubt coordinating with a criminal element to remove the drugs before police were on scene.
Case in point, what did they expect putting an Italian man in charge of a ship, Lol😂. It has to be a Scandinavian, ALWAYS.
But did they ever blow the horn? Seams like a big waste if they didn’t
@16:32 kudos to all technicians, fighting the good fight, under careless managers. The real heroes.
*chokes* The helmsman was an Indonesian who speaks no English?! THE FCK ARE THEY THINKING?!!! Do they look at Rusli and say "Hmm yes, descendant of the mighty sailors, the Austronesians, surely he knows his way with a cruise ship even without proper training. It's in his blood!" Like that?!
Okay, so Id definitely steal the bell.
Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing, it is always from the noblest motives. Oscar Wilde
5:51 -- "oh my god ---" 🎬👏
These people basically got a slap on the wrist for killing 30+ people and causing MILLIONS of dollars of damage. Actual Clown Timeline.
Did they ever find out what happened to the magician? So sad :( You'd expect that cruises would have enough lifeboats an better evacuation. That's why I am always wary of cruises in general like this. Dominica aggrivated me. Like people actually died and shes smiling on tv and then being like I died.
I am 99% sure Silvia Coronica is a very, very, very bad girl.
Tragic. How the heck did this man get hired as the Captain. The person who is responsible for everyone’s safety.
"Who steals a big f***off bell?" My sir, you were too busy wandering who and why, that you didn't stop to thing about HOW!? That's a one tone bell that was submerged underwater and surrounded by guards. Whoever stole it would have had to sneak in, find it, and drag it along the ocean floor for about a kilometer before they reached a waiting escape boat that was waiting out of sight.
Imagine doing a stock photoshoot for a couple hundred bucks and you become the unwitting animated face of a whole documentary channel
Best YouTube channel
Yuuup that's how Italy works xD
This entire video is just a horrifying example of why you need to hire people who know what they’re doing
This is how I learned how they do the saw in half magic trick.
Showing this video to my gf, great to rewatch for me.
To think that none of this would have happened if the Maître D wasn't such a needy asshat. Or if they never hired Schettino. Or both.
I swear your ads sound like content instead of ads
32 manslaughters and he got 16 years. The hell is this, the United States?
I think after this disaster, there should be a two key authenticated locker to retrieve a gun to shoot the captain to ensure they and everyone else understand they are relieved of duty.   The fan in the emergency generator is offline! We need to evacuate! Captain, they say we need to evacuate the engine room!  ... Evacuate the engine room!  No no! Stay!  **Gunshots** Evacuate the engine room, we're abandoning ship.
Brute forcing sea travel to gain prestige is a tradition in Italy as old as the Roman Republic.
It's kinda impressive how this whole story is literally just the episode of Futurama in which Zapp Brannigan sends the Space Titanic into a black hole.
De Falco was furious with Schettino, there is the radio communication on the internet if you search it.
The amount of incompetance and cowardice is staggering
THE DEETS
Even though it was a hybrid vessel, I think MS Estonia was worse.
I know this may sound kind of miscellaneous. But what happened to the woman in the sawing a woman in house box?   Because I was really worried that, considering the story was mentioning the magic show and the assistant in the box, who is supposed to be the pair of legs, is kind of trapped in the box. But then fell off stage, and we don’t hear anything else afterwards.
The captain's mistress' interview really sounds like Cris Chan's 'crashing into slumber' quote. XD
6:22 😂
Was this video re-uploaded?in don’t remember the avatar-like look of some characters
You seriously drop that Halo music in there?! Lmao
Storm dan
Fun fact i used this vid as a baseline for a crisis relief report for my study. Got an 8.4 with using screenshots from the vid lol. Incredibly well put together
your editing is so good! very engaging
So what happend with Rick James.
This boat might have been the biggest curise type model since titanic to have sunk but the MS Estonia sunk between Sweden & Estonia killing almost 900 people, a way bigger loss of life than 32.
This is up there with the Bill Wurtz history videos as some of the best edutainment history content on the internet.
....and these cowards/killers on bridge does'nt get hanged on the pier like good ol' times like pirates did.... sad.....
Wtf is this 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂..      I love this channel!!! 👏
A crap video that makes puerile jokes about a tragedy.  Don't waste your time watching the rubbish!!  1/10 - at best...
I'd give soooo much Monero for that bell....
This is the best YouTube documentary ever made
I cant believe its already been 2 years
this is the  best ad i've ever seen
I love you internet historian.
Huh, I guess semorten kinda did end up doing something better with her lift. That's nice
worst game of Barotrauma ever
With his track record that company got exactly what they asked for
32:25 Awfully bold of the owning company to fling blame at someone when they were the ones who hired an Indonesian painter/janitor as a helmsman. Had that language barrier not been there, there is a good chance the Costa Concordia wreck would have never happened, albeit it would have been a near miss.
I love the SIMs faces
I watch this video twice a month! Its YouTubes crown jewel of comedy
I love hearing the MGS soundtrack during this. So intense
Song at 2:00 please! thanks
30:45-31:00 My “psychological brain” is tired after hearing all that
Fun fact: in Russian Schettino sounds like "asshole" or "piece of shit", generally of that meaning.
Just 16 years? Wow, he got off far too easily
I like how the US Nuclear Sub launched the boulder into the side of the Concordia.     Also, if you look at this whack jobs website he thinks the US took down the WTC on 9/11.    And he thinks the moon landings were fake.      Sounds like a forking genius to me….
That thumbnail though
2:31 😂😂😂
It's back
That linus ship tips though XD
the sheer incompetency
Find me another mayor like that guy. Holy shit. I love him!
So lemme get this straight, this company had a multi-million dollar cruise ship carrying hundreds of passengers, and they decided to: 1. Hire a captain whose only captaining experience was ramming his ship onto things 2. Hire a helmsman who barely understood English 3. Encourage a manouver that acts as a catalyst to allow factors 1 and 2 to become an absolute shitshow 4. Cut corners on the black box, of all things Did i miss anything else? Holy shit it feels like Titanic but exponentially dumber
Company management: that ship cost us a lot... hmmm... let's compensate that hiring incompetent crewsmen dirt cheap!
That bell at the end was a masterpiece
DO NOT NOTICE ME IT'S NOT ALLOWED LMAO. Hi. 😃
This captain guy drove his ship into a rock because he was showing off. He abandoned the ship when tons of people were still trying to escape. And he killed 33 people...  You know, this guy's a real jerk.
38:04 song ?
The worst thing to say after 30 or so people died has got to be saying you've died twice while you're standing there alive
Bro how do you spend half a bil on a boat then get the cheapest possible driver  😭
when companies pay for in-content ads I bet they're expecting it to be this good
31:37 - Years later that's an awful strange case of "broken clock" right there.
This might be the 4th time I've watched this. Its just to damn good. Thank you for this.
carnival cruise ad during video lol
So hollow night hit hard right?  🔥
do I remember this video wrong? I thought the terrifying scraping sound was recorded and shown here
Keep calm and vada a bordo cazzo  !
Anyone noticed the Gran Turismo music in the background?
Most guilty of all was the helmsman
People die this crew fail the Concordia
You can really tell that Internet Historian has a background in writing with this video.
RIP to Man in Cave.
Three of the shortest books in history:  1. British Cuisine 2. French Modesty  3. Italian Heroes
"We're back to shorter 10-20 minute videos on the main channel and there will be more of them!".  Mhm.
WHEN ARE YOU GNA MAKE NEW VIDEOS?!
30:50 I think the caption is wrong here. I think she said she died *the night of the crash*  Which is a very messed up thing to say when there were 32 people who *actually* died
31:50  Second top comment says ''Please leave alone the pilot cab''
Irish ☘️ always in command
Yeah true. I’m a sailor. Bosun. Irish woman☘️
His friend saying stfu in the background was too funny 🤣🤣🤣
Admittedly, it was best he sat on the rocks. He fucking couldn't do anything right and thats the last person we needed to touch things.
The captain was straight up Michael Scott from The Office 😂 From the face to the total incompetence
31:47 her second picture being the Concordia on it’s side like it was just a fun night for her
46:31 "No more 45 minutes videos"   Now were up to hour long episodes
Here at 17,553,738 views. (before that too)
I don’t know how many times I’ve rewatched this but I can’t stop
My wife wants to go on a cruise. I told her cruises end two ways.  You have the time of your life.  You are on CNN telling people what the hallways smelled like.
To this day, 18:37 still haunts me. There was a small, scared, whining child on that boat and this man was being absolutely useless in trying to keep them alive. I really hope that child made it home.
Damn the quality of production on this video is spectacular, the story of that engineer trying his goddamn best to keep everything under control is inspiring, especially since I'm a marine engineering student myself. This video as a whole is a treat, thank you!
This is why I hate so much employing in western companies people who don't speak English or their native language.
I understand why passengers these days understandably shouldn't have any reason to trust the ship or its crew.
some of these Italians have a rather broad kiwi accent.
The high-pitched arpeggiated synth at 25:30 is a Serum preset I believe titled "dance of the butterfly." For anyone wondering about that specific sound at that specific part.
Do a video on Bitconnect
Respect to the deputy mayor for jumping on a lifeboat back and helping get people off the boat. Making up for the coward of a captain
This almost seems like a parody. Friday the 13th, 100 year anniversary on the modern day equivalent of the titanic, and they’re playing the song as it crashes. Like bloody hell.
Fighting to block sales of the train network of moldova turned out to be 100% a good cause
Oh those womyn and their constantly sinking romantic ships. I'd rather serve on an aircraft carrier at night.
"spicy"
Its already been 2 years D:
Most rewatchable content on this site.
41:24 wait hold on, what the fuck did the hotel director do???
So whatever ended up happening to the dumbass helmsman?
Since you are the one who made this video, it is your duty to inform us the name of the Airlines at 31:50 because a lot of lives depend on you. Most probably your answer would save lives.
This is such a masterpiece
31:49 best reaction ever
People could have been saved if the captain was not in denial
I feel like so many disasters are started by a mindset of “I’m invincible.” So many consequences were completely overlooked. Hire a major staff position to someone who doesn’t speak my language? Just so I can pay him next to nothing, despite the position deserving a proper payroll and respect? Sure. Protocol? Never heard of it, I’m sure it’ll be fine. Chance to show off and steer super close to land at high speeds for nothing but hubris? Heck yeah.  We need to study the past so we don’t repeat it. Please, think carefully before you make decisions, even when everything seems to be going your way. Pride comes before a fall, and we’ve seen it happen over and over and over again. And it can ruin your life, and fatally end so many more.
46:30 lmfao you just said “fuck that” to 5 and 6.
And with that fatal navigational error .....  The spaghet was spilled!
Omg I laughed my ass off when the narrator reveals he was the one who stole the bell 😂😂😂
Edit:  24:10-24:59 - Halo 3 Luck Was searching for this song but couldn't find it in the description.
Brilliant documentary. Funny, and entertaining. You have a new subscriber.
14:25 if I heard that song on a cruise I would immediately try and get off the ship
The only in video ad I didn't skip through...it was... Entertaining.
Helmans should be hanging for this
27:03 Item Condition: Used
You know every now and then this pops back up in my feed and I watch it again, it's so good.
I may be going crazy but did the music during the crash scene change?
I am super late to seeing this but amazing job detailing this catastrophe! Huge props
Not just the song even the singer Celine Dion is a bad omen for any ship. She should be banned from  ships.😀
My heart will go on.
I love how while watching this I got a whole bunch of cruise ship ads
Maya Rudolph should play her in a movie
the Express samina was also horrible. 81 deaths and the captain watched a football game instead of being on the bridge
HOW COULD YOU MESS UP SO BAD THOUGH
I have watched this episode so many times it never gets old one of my favourite episodes
Ah, the LIVE protocol. The one followed by Charles Herbert Lightoller.
46:30 JFC this really aged like milk
Wa'er
The thought of Jacobs looney tuning his ass out of two different countries to flee the police has me CACKLING
Average Day on the costa on the concordia
looks like an area in bioshock bro
The halo music was 👌
Lets not forget those who perished - the human tragedy behind the story
I've gotten 2 carnival cruise ads during this. Perfect
This is why you dont let Ronaldo control a ship.
Yeah choose your pride over the lives of you and ALL OF YOUR PASSENGERS. Can't even trust the Captain to go down with his ship like real men before him used to.
This is amazing and I feel like I have seen at least half of those sims before haha. I love these narrations and stories, its such a great channel to listen to in the background but I find myself glued to the screen. Thank you.
Linus… gold.
Crazy how, if the people actually listened to the captain and the crew's lies, way more people would have died. The real tragedy was only avoided because the people sensed there was a real problem at hand and acted accordingly.
Possibly stupid question, why didn’t the captain take over piloting the ship once it became clear there were serious language barrier issues during a critical situation?
It's been almost 2 years..  two whole years.... since internet historian did any damn thing.  Get off ur ass bro  we need more
writing my paper on this thank you \
16 years for murdering 32 people. Astounding.
The company could’ve offered them a worth while compensation, like an extra hour in the ball pit or something
Sounds like a setup for a very lucrative insurance scam.
It’s crazy that someone with zero experience and not able to speak the damn same language as everyone else was allowed to work in the bridge is mind blowing. Even tho the captain is the root cause of this fiasco it could’ve been prevented if there weren’t communication errors.
Jacob being a sim is hilarious
28:12 that clip of Ricky Gervais gets me every time I rewatch this!! 🤣 "Oohh everyone, ooh look!" 🤣🤣🤣
24:12 has such a WALL-E vibe it's creepy
The one part of this video that gets me every time is the Magician who disappeared when the lights went out. You got to hand it to him. That’s true dedication to your craft.
16 years is insultingly low
I wonder is Schettino changed into a suit because brown showed right through his white captain's uniform.
this should not be that funny, im dead
2:30 Yes, we do hate it.  It's one of the resons i hate turists so much other than the fact that theyre usualy exremly rude, loud and throw trash on the streets.
Their mistake was not having Moss Hills on board.
The Halo music is what did it for me.
How did the flight controller for the fatal plane collision in Russia (Peter Neilson) get murdered but scumbag Schettino hasn't? I'm not advocating murder, I'm just saying. One was a mistake, and one was active cowardice
Great video on this. No one should've died. The ship shouldn't have even sunk. But hindsight's 20/20
i can literally watch this over and over again, this is video craftsmanship at its finest
"no drugs were ever found" ... I mean, a lot was stollen.
🤣6:21
Schettino: it's just a prank bro *the prank*
THAT HALO 3 OPENING MUSIC THO
The captain should have died along with that’s girl.
10:12 - I love how he left the commentary "shut the fuck up" because it's so random and funny! 🎬
"Returning the bell from whence it came.." you should have tossed it into a mine lol.
"Noone says italy!"  - Hank Scorpio
"Vada a bordo, cazzo!" > Google Translate > Go aboard, damn it!
There’s two women in the box?! Of course! It’s so obvious.
24:06 titanic wasn’t a cruise ship, it was an ocean liner. Major difference
While vacationing in Italy, i was watching the news and he was released in September
But what happened to the magicians assistant?????
"The Cost Of Concordia" The Title Is Really Funny
Never going on a cruise ship
Okay on rewatch, the guy running into the glass with the photoshopped ship and explosion is so fucking funny out of nowhere
If I was the engineer and I found out he wasn't evacuating people, I'd run up to the bridge to assault Schettino to force an evacuation. To put innocent people in this situation because Schettino wanted to save face is beyond irredeemable. He should've spent the rest of his natural life in jail.
40:21 what's that music from? Some kind of cartoon or kids show I think, but I forget which.
Can't emphasize how incredible your videos are, man. The re-watchability on legit every single one of your videos is unlike any other channel on YouTube. Keep up the great work.  Also, apart from the engineers and the other workers who were helping save lives, fuck the company of Costa.
Im amazed by this video production, not only the events representation but also the halo 3 soundtrack
I wasn't even remotely surprised when my man told the tale of the hungarian trying to scam the lawyer
what an ass captain, arrogant, denial, and selfish, how tf did he become a captain in the first place
Huh?  They could have gotten a Filipino helmsman which definitely could understand English.
The people who sued got €30k each. Assuming the law firm takes about half, that leaves €15k-€20k.  That isn't much more than the original "payout" settlement offered.  Geesh.  Imagine living through that nightmare and having to ultimately pay for going through it.  €10-€15k barely pays for a plane ticket home and the cost of that cruise.  Ugh
The action in this is probably better that any movie of the Costa Concordia anyone could ever make
JFC! 16 knots?! 😂 Holy hell, none of them knew wtf they were doing.
Best video IH has made ever
For a happier story, look up the Oceanos disaster.
2:07 literally 95% of people who watched this think the footage is real (cuz no one reads that text)
Every dictionary should have Cemortan's picture under "attention whore".
I thought you were joking about the Friday the 13th bit… turns out to be real 👀
Welp they didn’t flip upside down like the Poseidon so there’s that.
Schettino could have been played by a young Patrick MacNee, or by Franco Nero, and Cairo by Mandy Patinkin! Domnica is definitely Amy Poehler. De Falco is Hunter Biden 🤣🤣🤣
Great vid, subbed!
"Either they allowed him to divert from his course, and r they didnt know where their billion dollar ship was"   Thats right they dont know exactly where the ship is, and as long at it makes the next portcall on time, they dont care much either
Every time I come back here is to watch the entire thing but the Schettino walk at 40:38 with the happy music always makes me laugh
For context, my English class had to pick a documentary to write an essay on and to present in class. I chose this video because I knew it well from previously watching it. I hope I get an A!
The passenger the called their daughter to call the police is the real hero of this story
I’ve watched this video in parts, as well as in its entirety, several times through. I could wax lyrical about it until kingdom come. However, I’m mainly surprised that Schettino only got 16 years and one month of jail time. In what world does such a light sentence follow multiple manslaughter? I mean, *32* lives were lost…
6:45 I love the cruise ship 🛳 understeering around the asphalt race track illustration 🏁 😂 👏🏼
I wonder how many of us have seen the original version of 08:34 and then later noticed the music changed.   (@AsmongoldTV has a reaction vid that has the original pre-DMCA-claim audio)
It seems that every time something happens to any ship that the Carnival corporation owns the same guy gives the announcement to everyone onboard the ship.
On my 2nd watch through for this video. 10/10 every time on all Internet Historian videos. I wonder what the average watch time is for a longer one like this. I get to the end of the video not looking at the length once only to realize it is 46 minutes. I would not be surprised if 99% of views are the entire length. Keep it up Internet Historian!
This is actually a great video for younger people to understand the horrible things that happened on the Costa Concordia that night.
All of this is just so Italian.
The titanic was not a cruise ship
So so Soooooooooo accurate
Ugly animations, narrator speaking with a silly put-on voice... no thanks. Turned off after 50 seconds.
I can't imagine the sheer stupidity of the management hiring a person who can't speak the language of the flag of the ship
25:25 soundtrack sounds like liar game, aha
"Who would steal a big fuck off bell?"   Who indeed ♡
this is like    the best content
Were you on the ship?
Laughed so hard that my bowels Schettinoed right outta there and straight onto the shores of my underpants.
today i learned the word "cazzo"  .
You guys should also do the incident aboard the Carnival Triumph. There's a lot to cover about that incident.
Maybe its because Ive been heavy into sim racing lately. But the mention of understeer made me laugh. I actually never thought about it for boats.
8:36 10:12
The bell was never found, lmao
Pilon! You legend!
1:32 Random Fun Fact: that was exactly 11 years before the house party movie reboot/remake
Watching this in the shower for emersion
9:04 nord town detective funny
I see you are a fellow hollow knight fan, I like that you played hornets theme at around 21:00
You should do a dead island playthrough on the old ones. It would be beautiful. Or even a memed synopsis. I'm very hooked on your channels I just discovered them
Don't put sponsored content in the middle of the video.
a 500 million cruiseship and they hire a helmsman that barely speaks english?? What a bunch of morons
Happy 10 Year Anniversary!
rip spaghetti
Here i am on 11th aniversiry
I bought the plastic model kit of the Costa Concordia but the shop didn't have it in stock.  So I ordered it and asked to have it put on one side.
Why can't the captain steer himself in these circumstances?  Even without a language barrier, there is a delay between instructions and actions.
Wow is this all for real ? Nice vid !!
11 years today  Ah yes.... The Costa Concordia
Watching this on January 13, 2023. 11 year anniversary of the sinking and it's also Friday the 13th.
19:53 I just want you to know I was doing my eyebrows while listening to this, which was apparently not my greatest idea cuz when he said "Hold on, I'm reversing it...beep beep beep beep beep", I couldn't help but burst out laughing which caused me to jerk a bit at the most inopportune moment and now as such, I'm missing a good 1/3 of my left inner eyebrow.....😬 Yep. And I think the worst part is that this isn't even the first time I've watched this particular video. It's been a while but I've seen it a couple times. So yeah, I'm pretty fucking stupid.
11 years ago today Costa silly hit the griddy on an Italian coast line
in 2023, Charles Webb "the Summerton man" would've been labelled an incel by the media, laughed at and forgotten about.
I will never understand why they decided to cheep out on a helmsman for their 570 million dollar ship.
11 years later and still feels fresh
3-4th time watching this thing.. BEST DOCUMENTARY EVER
Today's the 11th anniversary of the sinking.
Today is the 11th Anniversary! 13.01.23
Happy Friday the 13th (of January) 2023
Watching this on Friday 13th January 2023. I am not going anywhere near water today. Not even gonna shower. Just in case.
I wonder if he'll do a short on the evergreen ship that blocked the suez canal
I think this is my tenth viewing... could be more... hard to tell because I don't speak English or Italian very well at all.
This is my favorite video on youtube. It always raises my spirits!
can someone give me the timestamp of the 'emo scene' in this video? watched this years ago and can't find it
We are back on Friday the 13th of January lads
the meeemeeees
She died so many times can’t blame her hope her physiological brain heals.
I watch whole ad. Because this video worth it
what is the song at 24:20? i cant find it in the desc
Every one of those people on board would have seen the Titanic movie. Imagine the immediate terror.
2:11 this is a jumpscare
Company evading all criminal charges for a flat $1m is the most insane part of this whole thing.
31:45 "Oh god not again" that broke me lmfao
24:20 Oh so a beached ship left to decay looks like the bad part of Chicago. Or any bad part of any diversified Western city
Good lord the editing had me in stitches
Ad
Why am I watching this for the 3rd time at 1 in the morning?
I watched Asmongold’s reaction.❤
I still come back and watch this from time to time. I think this is 6th time. It's so good.
I'm italian and I'm sure anyone in Italy has done anything as interesting as this video on this topic. Italian youtube is only trash
24:05 The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship...it was a ocean liner to bring passengers from A to B...nowadays we would usually take the plane to cross the ocean...
Jeez any thing but my heart will go on they will be remind of the damn titanic and it's sinking
Mad respect for Russel.
Okay yea, that visual pun was worth the second hand disgust i felt about putting hands into a pot of spaghetti. You win.
A very sad story being told in an exciting and entertaining style!  Very well done!  Thank you for this! 😊
27:00 pure genius
So… three is the limit of how many multimillion dollar ships you can crash before you lose your job. Got it.
It's been more than 10 years and this tragedy still makes me mad for how many times it could have been avoided. Truly, our country is home to either Champions or donkeys.
43:50 IM SO WEAK 🤣
I've already seen this video twice and yet here I am again.
I just watched Man in Cave and now feel compelled to scroll through the comments to determine whether or not I can emotionally handle this journey upon which I am about to embark...
I've never laughed so hard while watching a documentary 😭 😂 😅  Sub earned🤘🏻
24:10 these pictures give me the chills
What's the song at 40:27?
Nice wordplay on the title
1:57 You made this guy sound like the human embodiment of the Russian Baltic Fleet lmao
10:18 please man this cracked me so fucking hard, what was the deal? you were recording close to your buddy or smth? that went off so fucking smooth
whenever I think I fucked up... I remember that captain and instantly feel better abt myself
30:00 music?? Sounds so familiar but can't place it
I hope sponsors are paying premium rate to this channel, because now was the first time in recent memory I didn't skip an ad read;D
What is Modi Ji doong here
Gigachad deputy mayor vs crybaby captain. xD
The costa(cost of) concordia
30:44 "I want to say that today is the second time I died because the first time by dying when I took the crush(??) with my psychological brain and uh problems and today I died the second time because of course people find out something that I tried to hide."  Yeah, you hear that, the 32 people who died on the Concordia? You only died ONCE. Poor whatsherface died TWICE, so I ask you: who's the real victim here, hmmmmm???
Gutes video
That was a waste of spagetti :(
This just came up as a recommendation and I am sold! Subscribed !
Small price to pay for cheap labor. Heh heh
I fucking love all the random clips of the ship on peoples faces just breaking shit and falling over
Why were so many interviews and testimonials delivered in English rather than the local language?
The largest cruise ship disaster since the titanic. But the titanic wasnt a cruise ship
Unpopular opinion: Schettino was actually a G when he told that guard captain he wasn't goin back on that death trap. He could better serve the rescue by staying off. I respect his honesty in that. People wanna act like his story ain't that believable, anyone could have tripped and fell into a lifeboat. /sarcasm.
43:52 I CACKLED PLS 😭
the edits on this channel are so fuckin funny.
Binned it.
James Gandolfini in the Italian senate is great 😂
43:50  OMG this is the funniest part!
best add i ever seen ever
the guy got more than 20 years in prison,  even though he was able to stir the ship in the right direiction.   management hired some random guy who cant speak english.  this guy and management should be in prison,  not the captain. but i guess multimillionaires and billionaires dont get to prison.
24:10 what music is this?
That helmsman was at fault completely. If he was an English speaking helmsman it would’ve been just a near miss.
Every gif edit of the Concordia blowing up gave me life
These are great
at 8:40 why the fuck is the opera music not there ive watched this a couple of times ? thers is no way it was copyrighted opera is old as fuck especially the song they used
What a noob. Picard would have used an emergency transport and gotten everyone off of the ship.
Dang it! The Italian opera music from the slow-mo collision scene has been swapped out. O Mio Babbino Caro, I think it was. It doesn't quite have the same impact anymore.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE LADY IN THE BOX
The thought occurs to me, de Falco almost certainly saw Tifa.
I love all the ship head explosions haha
why do you keep the life jackets on once rescued. you're on land ffs
What, corrupt and incompetent Italians? What's next, there's water in the ocean?
¡Gracias!
Why did you waste the spaghetti at 25:30?? Or did you eat it from the sink? SO UNNECESSARY smh
Between this and the "Well There's Your Problem" episode, I feel I know all the things.
That ad is so fucking awesome
24:20 The Mediterranean is not an ocean.
The fact that he abandoned a ship that didn’t even sink…
Thats a well made combination - memes and historical events.
That Blackbox "malfunction" is a huge red flag. If ship's are similar to aircrafts those things can survive full-on explosions and have a reliable internal battery.
This is what the 2012 movie should have been about.
Let's make a Submarine out of my Ship!
Bro your VPN ads crack me up 😂💀 I get Nicolas Cage vibes for some reason
And thus in the end, we learn why there was a rule that women shouldn't be allowed on ships.
This all wouldn't have happened just if Schettino didn't want to flex.
Why didn't they decrease the knots before hitting the rock as maybe it would have helped the turning?
I feel like Schettino is basically just an Italian Michael Scott
Wait, wasn't Schettino supposed be in prison?  Why was he attending media covered parties?
this is just god tier quality. one can come back and rewatch it and it never gets old.
I've never enjoyed an ad quite so much. But that's no way to treat a laptop.
Humans are funny holy craaapp. Especially the Italians. They have too good life so careless
music 17:07
Your ads are the reason I watch
38:27, sorry but there's a huge mistake here, Mr. De Falco DID NOT want Schettino to go down with the ship, rather, he wanted him to get back on board so that he could coordinatinate the evacuation and rescue of the people that were still on board.  Mind you, while this conversation was going on, the coast guard did still not have a very clear picture of what was going on, conflicting information was coming in from everywhere and they only had a couple of helos and a few boats on the scene, so the only few things they knew were that the ship was indeed sinking and that people were escaping to the nearby island, but they didn't know much more than that, like how many people were still on board, how longer would the ship be still afloat etcetera.  So they obviously tried to talk to the captain, expecting him to be still on the ship, in order to get this CRITICAL information, instead they found out that nobody really knew where he was, and eventually they probably figured that he had escaped already, so that's why they actually asked the police on the island to search for the captain, as he was still supposed to be the man in charge of the rescue efforts.  When they finally found him they immediately made sure that Mr. De Falco could speak to him, so that he could start ask him those questions, which he obviously couldn't reply to.  That's where the famous (on, perhaps, infamous) back and forth between the two comes from, Mr De Falco was desperately trying to get those info and the captain just answered that he didn't know, so De Falco asked him to get back on board so that he could find out but the captain refused, saying that it was too dark and dangerous and that there probably wasn't a way to get back on the ship anyway.   That was probably what set Mr. De Falco off, the captain, who was supposed to be on the ship helping people get off, was actually hiding on a rock, crying by himself, while the very passengers he was refusing to help were still on board the ship, in the very same dark and danger the captain was afraid of.  From then on, Mr. De Falco was furious to say the very least, as a fellow Italian I can tell you that you can REALLY hear it in his voice, in his mannerisms, that he was fed up with the captain (he even started ridiculed him, when the captain said he was afraid of the dark, he answered "so what, do you want to go home?"), he knew from an helicopter pilot that people were spotted trying to get off the ship from a rope-ladder laid down the side of the ship, so he told the captain that he should use that very same ladder to get back ON the ship, so that he could find out and tell him how many people were still on board and whether or not some of them needed immediate care.  When the captain still refused he finally exploded with the "salga a bordo cazzo", and you really can't blame him, he was desperate, he really, really needed someone on that ship that would take charge of the evacuation and the only person he knew he could ask was actively refusing to do so because of his cowardice, mind you that same person was actually supposed to perform the task, so De Falco wasn't supposed to be asking him anyway!
“Is it still flooded?? “ 😥 “Yes”😎
hello
music at 24:10
music at 6:35
the ad read in this video is severely underrated.  “I took the brakes off my car. Man like me, never really learned how to stop…” “Shut the FUCK UP”
I am 2 minutes in and I already love it
"No more 45 min videos on main channel, back to 10-15 min and more of them" So that was a fucking lie LMAO (looks at recent uploads) A good lie though. Much prefer the long form and in depth videos on the main channel but also love the older, shorter ones too. A nice mix of the two would be great.
Why is this a bigger dissaster than "Estonia"?
i used to like the mornings, id survived another night
UTTERLY BRILLIANT! The best docu or any vid for that matter I have ever seen on Youtube!
24:08 Titanic isn’t a cruise ship. She’s an ocean liner. Also, Titanicization much?
The live timer gives this video such a in real time almost streamed effect
Italians, amirite?
The Halo soundtrack caught me off guard, i thought i have my Spotify still running 😂
Okay less than 2 minutes in and I'm a die hard fan. So glad I got this video in my recommended 😍😍😍
lol what is the original vid @ 28:48?
I survived the Costa Concordia sinking and all I got was this lousy "Vada a bordo cazzo!"T-shirt from it! 😭
Dude you are amazing, please make more of these you get a lot of detail and make great jokes
"no more 40 minute videos on the main channel," he said. "10 to 15 minute videos," he said. "Man in Hole," he professed, but I knew the true meaning of his words, "Man in hole!" he lied.   for real though that video (and this one) are top tier keep them coming
They are professional crooks.  But some women still like those guys.  Crook Keepers..
Hollow Knight Soundtrack Detected
Lulz, I love your channel!! <3 This right here is why I won’t ever take a cruise. -_-
portal/ portal 2 lookin ass
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic"? Titanic was not a cruise ship, it was an ocean liner, the correct version should be "Largest peacetime passenger ship to have sunk"
a woman captain would never let that happen xDDDDDDD
I know the event was a disaster which cost innocent lives & my words won’t help those whom lost loved ones but your treatment of those in charge & style of this criticism of that ship is very entertaining & informative.
28:18 The pressure wasn’t the only thing mounting upon her
the interior after the crash looks like a backrooms level.
This is the best cartoonishly edited video on all of youtube!
*shut the fuxk up*  I love this!!! I love all your videos but I loved hearing your almost laugh and your buddy throwing in his two cents lmao
TWO HOES AND WE HAVE A DEAL
The indonesian guy is just like me who also indonesian when i steal neighbour fruit🤣
Nice video
what happened was a lax captain and imbecile  who didn't obey protocol therefore his crew did not. I bet he never forced his entire crew to do a fire drill once. or an evacuation drill.  that's something any good captain would do randomly and often.  and the black box 404 is sus AF
Is it ironic that I got multiple Carnival Cruise adds on this video
“Das good shit”
amazing video, great quality
Dude this makes me so fucking angry
Shaa!
The halo music was Great
Do TITANIC please
Like the first minute or so I’m asking myself why am I watching this and then I ended up watching another two minutes and now I’m gonna watch everything you’ve ever made.
8:36 “That copyright barrier again”
Captain Schettino, if he can be called a captain seemed to woefully inexperienced with no knowledge if what he was doing.  As for saving his own neck whilst leaving underling to handle the hot mess, I hope he has to serve every single day of the jail sentence handed down to him.
This was awesome. The amount of work that went into this production is staggering. Brilliant.
I mean yeah the captain here is a total dumbass but the company hiring a dude with a huge language barrier I would say was the guarantee that the ship wouldn't survive long, or tell me could this have been insurance fraud for the whole boat
If there's one thing I've learned from wacky disasters, it's that it's way less destructive to admit you fucked up and take the embarrassment to ask for help than to keep lying when things are getting progressively worse in the hopes you can squeak out a w.
Italian likes to show off!!!
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel back to 10-15 minutes and more of them"  So that was a fucking lie
the mafia had like seal team six response time lmao.  they got their shit fast and efficiently
I just happened across this channel, holy fuck what did I stumble into… Most entertained I’ve been on YT in a Very. Long. Time.
I love that there was a ad for a cruise at the end of this.
whatever else you gotta give Celine Dion her due. that song is lodged so deep in the cultural memory that when the drum line kicked in at the start of the video i could almost hear her belting "NEAAARRRR... FAAARRRRR..."
Rewatching
If I were meeting my end and the killer asks me "what is the all time best YouTube video", I would say "What else... The Cost of Concordia by Internet Historian". It would probably save my life since the killer would need to watch it. As he gets distracted by the pure awe of the video I could escape to catch up on the eventual next IH video.
The first time I watched this was before I had seen Titanic and man were the references confusing!
what's the song at 0:50
At least everyone studied Titannic. Crashing plates. Go back to our quarters? Nah, we're good.
It's funny how there's more comment on fallout 76 then the Concordia on a video about the Concordia Witch wase a horrible accident were people lost their life. . .so funny
I'll NEVER set foot on a cruise ship. Look up what a Flag of Convenience is in connection to how crimes are handled on them.
Poor rich folks 😢
I love how the captain kind of looks like Michal Scott
There should be a pseudo remake/ sequel to Titanic with this
He’s never going to leave as the last one. We’ll see  Edit: what a guy…..absolute WANKER!!!
Schettino was definitely a scapegoat. His actions were undoubtedly irredeemable, but he was the only one really punished for the actions of incompetent higher-ups and mail order employment.
Ok, what absolute madman decided to toss in the @linustechtips reference? I legitimately thought the video had somehow ended. Lmfao.
So multiculturalism isn’t a strength?
More like Costa Lottalives
38:31 haha
His book translates to "Submerged truths" just like his relationship with Dominica
Damn that last bit bell was unexpected and hilarious
OMG 31:49 translation of the Italian comment: "Forget the cockpit for goodness' sake"
21:34 Who the F does she think she is, telling what others to do.
I'm making my grandma watch this and she seems really invested
Knowing harbor, Masters and a situation like that, I could just imagine The ass whooping about to take place
I wonder why Manrico was charged? He was one of the last people to be removed from the ship, and was found with a broken leg. Seems an odd one out in the lineup.
27:00 based Aussie shitposter
So many speaking English horribly, just speak what your comfortable with lol.
I'm just vibing to the payday2 soundtrack in the background
I don’t get why looting a sinking ship is bad. It would have just been ruined and lost. Who gives a fuck
Wow that deputy mayor IS AWESOME
This is one of the best videos I've ever seen LOL INGOT A CRUISE SHIP ADD DURING THE ADD BREAK LOLOL
Staff: Everything is ok :) pls kindly go back to ur room sor the lounges! :D  The lounges and rooms: 🌊🌊🌊
First ad: Norwegian Cruise Line 🤦‍♂️
All kidding aside, the captain and those looters are pieces of shit.
This should have been called the Costa Stupidity.
And people wonder why I don't go on cruises.
Respect for mentioning the salvage worker at 23:50. He did not die this day, but in some degree still because of this event.
That halo music hits every time
5:30 for the moment you all want
Yea lets see how close we can get woo hoo
Dont 4 get to blow the horn AWESOME job capt
The costa concordia didnt deserve this Press f to pay respects
Homie did not put a halo 3 song in the background
Stupid lady saying nobody could film would have ended up meeting my fist real fkn quick. Id be filming so I can sue everyone into the ground bcuz I almost died.
I don't know who the hell you think you are. I personally think you are genius. Subscribed
The Deets for the win.
Did the music change at 8:50? I swear it was Ave Maria?
Reminds me of the Korean shit that sank, but very different innocent as a while tho. Sadly the passengers trusted the crew which resulted in more then 300 deaths of school kids. That incident was handle even worse and had corruption all th way up to the president of sount Korea. Maybe one day you will make a video on it but I understand if you don't. Great thing is that there is alot of video of the whole innocent that had taken place and alot afterwards as well.
"I remember it like it was just a few years ago" yeah probably was when you wrote this script
One of the best videos ever made.
The event that happened is horrible but this format it is being told in is hilarious.
23:05 loved your "A Walk In The Woods" part
Too much mambo jambo added to the story is actually leaning to annoying rather than entertaining. Informative but unwatchable.
10:05-10:16, I just now realised he was parodying the "In a perfect world, man like me would not exist" video which is why IH smirks and background voice tells him to shut up.
I got a Carnival ad immediately after the part where Costa Cruises is no longer criminally liable... I don't think YouTube understands what I'm watching.
The coast guard should have been more professional?! Fuck me. He rightly gave the captain the biggest dressing down for the biggest fuck up, risking lives and he was wrong to do so
19:19 I agree. There's nothing more distressing than that hollow knight theme
This captain is an absolute idiot, who let him have command of a ship???
I live on a boat on the Chesapeake Bay and it just so happens to be windy af today so with all of this rocking and waves smacking up against the boat… It’s making this video even more dramatic! 🤣 EXCELLENT DOCUMENTARY though!!!!
Harbor master is a wise man. I was a kid when this happened. It came as a total shock since the days of titanic was long gone and we assumed that sea travel were safe.
Protesting for more bins is based, you can never have enough bins as shown in Vienna lol
A Master piece...
'He touched me' lmfao
Hire the sampan man from indonesia to steering the big ship..?
They need to look into who got him all the way up to that position as well.
the captain is filth that u scrape off the bottom of ur shoes and never should have been let of jail much less write a book to make money off the people he killed. disgusting scrum.
I listen to youtube videos while I clean, cook etc. Internet Historian and Linus Tech Tips are two channels I frequent, so when I heard 43:50, I was very confused
Schettino is an hero
“No god not again” the way he said it with genuine fear is amaizng
why are italians handling their court trials at theater stages
Who tf, who steals a big fuck off bell😂😂😂
24:59, 27:16 - what’s the name of the Mozart piece?
He spent about 15 minutes with the priest? He's gonna need a little longer than that........
So the lady started a riot for not enough bins?
One of the best videos you’ve done
Are we not going to talk about 43:51?
1:38 Titanic was safety rated for 4 compartment flooding. The only issue was that the iceberg did an ultra dickhead move and pierced 5.
46:30 funniest joke of the whole video
I will play this video on an old single screen theatre in Daman, India.
Rip Russel Rebello:( P.s. best 46mins and 48seconds on the internets P.p.s and man in hole.  Thankyou
My favourite bit 28:12 🤣
Yeah nah, since the Titanic the Estonia was definitely the more severe maritime disaster involving cruise ships. Unlike the Costa Concordia it sank completely and dragged 852 lives with it, compared to the Concordia's 32. By any calculation, that's magintudes above this disaster.
Sea of thieves players trying to communicate with actual sailors
Two of my favorite parts in this video is: 1:14 And 16:45
I know Veritas is truth in Latin, so Verita probably means the same thing. So probably the book is about his "truth" or some shit.
Just got to give credit to the designer of this floating  tomb . great video,  shows us what the gigolo captain is made of . Soggy pasta.dickjraf .
20:00 Just a quick clarification here. The intent was not to let out the anchor so that it would hold the ship in place, bottom out the anchor means to let out as must chain as possible. The intent here was to reduce a massive amount of weight on the starboard side of the ship to easy some of the list. If there was power to the pumps this would make it easier for the ship to right itself in a better situation but given the electrical was out this order to bottom out the ancho was a bit moot.
35:02 skullgirls hell yeah
Hey that's the Skullgirls character select theme. Weird.
29:05 33:05
The "captain" should have been fired immediately after the incident in 2008.
I lost you for a while.... and then I rediscovered you. Hello old friend that would talk me to sleep. Goodnight.
Very cool video!
Shouts out to the MGS2 music
Imagine the magicians assistant stood trapped in there. What a horrible fate
The best content creator on youtube
Seeing that count bar of "People Still Onboard" and expecting it to go down to zero but didn't. It brought some heavy chill down my spine.   This happening while I'm watching the captain lied about being the last to leave the ship at the same time...  Holy shit, one man's lack of responsibility and accountability really cost 32 lives. It's really through IH's creative delivery and humor that made me stomach watching this vid without feeling furious throughout.
DO NOT BUY POOR american quality cars!!!
1st time i've liked, almost solely because of the ad someone is selling XD great job
(8:37) that's not the original music. Why did interet historian change it?
Y u no upload?
They really launched it on Friday the 13th, on the centennial anniversary of the Titanic?  This was completely avoidable. Maybe next time don't hire the foreign handyman to steer the cruise ship.
She claims she died with her psychological brain... as opposed to her spinal cord dying, I guess?
Ik this vid has been out a while now but I just want to emphasize continue posting 40mins-1 hr vids on the channel I love these docu series you create
Back to watch this for a 3rd time
Halo Music 👍
OMG, the AD is amazing! congrats
The fucking guy selling off the ship is over here playing 5D chess.
NOT COMMENSURATE
Man... if I were in this kinda situation looting would probably be the first thought to enter my head. XD  Ships been struck, lemme get my life jacket... and uhh, hang-out around the jewelry shop. >__>
I don’t like ASMR but that intro is very relaxing
23:20 wow, the nervous tick of his face when they say that to him was almost comical.
I kinda want him to do one on the actual titanic, shit would be hilarious.
MAN uncharted 3 was a fun game
I like the petty jokes edited in each video❤
Wait....is that Hornet's Theme at around 19mins??? Edit: It is! Awesome!!
Avevo 14 anni quando è successo, guardare questo video mi riporta indietro, dopo una tragedia c'è sempre la farsa e la polemica
Still sailing here 🖐🏻🤌🏻
"Don't throw soda cans into the ocean" This jackarse threw the whole cruise ship
No cazo but cazzo (it means "dick"). You need to make the 2 z harder (pun intended).
0:00 Intro 2:13 Setting the Scene 10:49 “Oh Cock!” -James May. 25:23 Looting 27:11 The Relation Ship 31:53 Lawsuits 34:55 Scams 37:55 “Vada a bordo, Cazzo!” 40:22 Jail Time 43:45 Refloating the Concordia
"Costa Concordia", "cost of" Concordia....lol.
I remember when I got a notification from the BBC saying she was the captain's lover. I did not remember the ship and the names. At that point I want BBC world news to point out that I was single. Come on BBC were is my relationship status notified world wide.
Dude you need to make more videos and upload them to YouTube more regularly plz, they are fecking hilarious!!
worst captain in history
thee way he bonked with those binoculars
Nice use of the Payday2 Soundtrack
Fuk I love you Internet historian.
this video is better than titanic
33:04 bottom Right Corner Zain Anwar from Honest Review by MensXP
i was laughing nonstop until he said that more than 30 people died... i thought it was not so terrible situation since the ship was close to the beach.
Mama Mia, that’s-a-46:47-a-meatball!
25:35 FOX.... DIE?!
Pin me if you see this
Damn, some people slept through the whole thing? Lmao...
The action scene at the start with the music was SO well done. The choice of song was perfectly stressful
Can't wait for Concordia (2097)
The Gran Turismo music makes this
37:51  We NEED a full version of this song.
its like the concord but ship and not supersonic
This is some good sheet mane. Love it
Who's bright idea was it to hire a helmsman from fiver? IMO whoever it was should be assigened full responsibility
Ships bells are basically the identity of the ship and are expensive and kept in immaculate condition. I work on a tugboat and even our bell was stolen recently
Bill Clinton lives on
There’s two of them in the box!?!?!? I never knew. No sarcasm intended.
Bro this was so good
lol imgaine squatters postin up in the wrecked boat
I dream of the day that you release the sequel to this: Moskva - The drunk mistress.
I reckon they got the wrong man. The one who kept misunderstanding him is the real murderer.
Why did you switch the crash song from Ave Maria?
These Nord VPN commercials are the best thing I’ve ever seen on the internet.  Oh, the boat part was cool too
My question is, why the fuck would they hire someone that would cause a language barrier issue?
"Loose lips sink ships"
Only the internet historian could make the loss of life funny although most of the people on the ship were probably rich so do with that what you will
I suddenly realized at 3AM that this is exactly why the Kobayashi Maru test exists in Star Trek. (For all you non-Trekkies, the test is a deliberately stressful, no-win scenario designed to gauge a captain's performance under pressure and weed out potential Schetinnos.)
fun fact: it was my birthday and we had the news playing on the tv. guess how that went
oh the irony. I wonder why he hasn't been fired after the first ship crash from the port.
11:12 *WHEEEEZE*  I'm having a terrible day at work rn. It's cold, I'm tired, and hungry, and I gotta take a shit. But this bit here made my day just a little better.
Good that's what you deserve hiring cheap labour that don't speak English 👏
Just that "My Heart Will Go On" was playing, lol.
It’s fucking insane how carnival got off with a $1 million slap on the wrist!!! no doubt someone else paid off.
the before and after pictures looks staight out of a fallout game or a zombie apoc game. shits wild damn!
This is now the second in depth video on the Concordia that I've watched. The first one was much more serious and done by a well established channel and this one was literally better in every single way.
+1 for linus shiptips
habing just watched some Linus them ship tips had me confused for a sec
It’s funny how Schettino sounds exactly like “скотина” in russian. To make it clearer, it literally means “an asshole”, literally most fitting sounding name for me
Schettino wouldn't have been so vilified for  causing the accident in the first place if he had done the right thing afterwards. Accidents happen, it's his conduct during the evacuation that makes him a special case study of cowardice.
this guy does ad breaks like no body else. Its the only channel where i dont skip the segment! love your work <3
I only just realized that Scatino looks like Gru from Despicable Me.
i cannot stress this further; Internet Historian is unironically the PERFECT YouTuber he's funny, he's got an instantly recognisable animation style, and he's good at making both entertaining videos AND entertaining ADS?? like what?? 10/10 channel
best captain ever :D
spent this whole video seeing how many townies I could name
NO WAY HE USED MUSIC FROM THE SKULLGIRLS SOUNDTRACK
"biggest disaster since titanic" How about M/S Estonia? Agreed it was not as big of a ship or as stupid of a reason for the disaster but over 800 died there. 86% of total people onboard. It sunk 80 meters and practically nothing was recovered. Estonia is entombed in where it was sunk and disturbing the gravesite is punishable by jailtime. EDIT: and after consulting the net(wiki) there were six others that were in between titanic and estonia by deathtoll. Only disaster greater than titanic were in the philippines when two ships collided in the late 80's.
Steering commands like sea of thieves after a few drinkaroos
the date of this shit is the date of birth of ma sista
Why do incompetent failures of humans get better jobs and salaries than myself?
the grammarly ad before this was pretty good.
I don't think I would've been able to contain my anger if that chick tried to tell me I wasn't allowed to record video.
You're an awesome storyteller. And yes, Hungary has no laws. Period. I've lived here all my life, and it's mostly dogshit 😊
Rewatching for the 3rd time and just noticed Schettino bonking into the glass at 3:19
This is the most intense slow speed crash I have ever seen
"Largest cruise ship disaster after the titanic" The estonia would strongly disagree with 852 deaths in 1994
Can't belive this guy had a wife...
Why was the crisis center guy in trouble?
Why would you hire someone who doesn’t understand your language??
the topic is super interesting, and the investigation seems good. But with the editing this is unbearable to watch. I can't stand this fucking ADHD humor type of shit, sorry
Here‘s an interesting little tidbit: The guy that was at the helm, who fucked up due to the language barrier, _was never found_
Its amazing it was that cheap. There are small multi million dollar yahts.
In modern day, a 110,000 gross ton ship can run aground and sink.  Never cruise.  They should have let the cruise industry die with the pandemic.
I saw this video a lot of time ago... I'm Italian and I remember exactly the day when they announced the crush of the Costa Concordia... I wasn't alive when 9/11 happened but I have clear memories of this... and this video is basically a really accurate documentary! Amazing work <3
How is the song at 12:10 called?
Ooooh, Classy of you for using the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory soundtrack. I know what you did.(not sarcasm)
40:40 Someone please tell me what game I have heard this out of 😂
when he shows the before and after pictures i thought of portal 1 and 2 nightmare fuel
I'm too pissed to watch this
The ship was good, the crew was dogshit. Simple as.
For those not familiar with knots, 16 knots is the equivalent of 160 miles per hour.   For those of you familiar with knots, don’t ruin the joke.
You really really really should do a video about that South Korean Ferry. It shows a lot about the collective Korean mindset of respecting authority. It can do wonders but have bad side effects like this. This story was so major and controversial lots of people said it leafs to the arrest/ resignation of the President of South Korea.  The story is crazy.
46:00  the little gasp was spot on
If I could like this twice. I would. The research and humour is unmatched
46:30  So that was a fucking lie
Dude fuck that helmsmen
Deepwater Horizon could be good one to talk about next.
46:30 "No more 45 minute videos" Next video: 45 minutes. Video after that: 1 hour.
Thank you for this Amazing Video! Truly incredible Story
I feel like whoever hired him to that position should also be held liable.  He shouldn’t have been granted a position like this in the first place.
I love how you tell the full story of so many unrecognized moments in history.  I’m absolutely falling in love with this channel.
34:54 ... Oh, that poor fucker...
For a second I thought you found footage of some weirdo digging through marinara. That was just so random lol
Hey I know this is a year old video, but holy shit this is so well done. 10/10.
This is a great documentary. I got chills as the before and after pictures started playing. Anyone have an idea of what the music is? Around 24:11
Is there anything you could make about shenmue? The game, maybe the third one?
the good food ... Q_Q
just the amount of coincidences to give this ship bad luck is just...   ...It's honestly somewhat sad
ahh the "linus shiptips" and theme song... loved it
We need more info about Russel Rebello,,the fact that he had every opportunity to escape but stayed to usher people off the sinking ship,giving his life in the process,proves he is worthy and he should not have died.Thank you Russel Rebello and the people in your life that
How did I not realise you were a fellow Aussie.  I do apologise.  Love your narration of the videos. 👍🌻 I don't know why you dont have 100K + subs.
I love how no more 40 minutes videos on the main channel. Turned into 2 videos one approximately 40 minutes one approximately an hour long.
that Deputy Mayor is a Gigachad
Jacob is sigma:  Step 1: crash ship Step 2: refuse to elaborate Step 3: leave
28:48
drugs aparantly
"No more 45 minute videos" bro you broke your promise, i ain't mad about it cause i like your videos, they are always infomative and really well done.
I've watched this so many times now. Great video tbh.
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel." Well. You weren't _wrong._
The tonal switch between the first half and second half of the video is so well executed. The pictures of the before and after of the Concordia are especially haunting, for some reason. Chills, every time.
_DEEEEEP CUT:_ Upon watching the video again, IH used clips from the second level from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory during the "Scams" segment 36:14-- _significance?_  The second level is set on a Panamanian ship, Maria Narcissa, using the track "El Cargo" by Amon Tobin; almost certain he used the "Suspicion" state/stem/section, as it happens to fade up as he says the word or insinuation of suspicion. EDIT: IIRC, the ship in SCCT _also is taking on water_ and you _must drain a compartment to progress._ There is also a side objective related to identifying a bunch of containers carrying contraband and getting their origin addresses on each crate.
30:46 again, 32 people died. For real. One of whom wasn't buried for 3 years, stuck in the ship.
"No more 45 minute videos" LOL
I wheezed at 'My heart will go on' playing in the restaurant, and the bell dragging across the deck.
I love this channel. I just discovered it today. Thank you for an excellent job on my favorite maritime disaster
Before I watched this video I had 2 Commercials. Both for a Costa Ship :D if irony was from Cocoa ... I would swim in chocolate. It felt like a Commercial for Family Camping in Germany and afterwards you watch a video about Concentration Camps.
If only there's no language barrier. It could have been avoided.
Love these history sec vids
Linusshiptips lol
Dw captain we can just buff out those scratches
It is just terrifying how the situation evolved on the bridge. Number guessing game on the bridge. It does not surprise me that the one naval officer not involving himself in that insanity was the only one not facing criminal charges.
“You’re not allowed to film”  Gals, Just an fyi. If we’re in a life or death situation and you’re starting this argument, you’re taking your life into your hands. There is no badge or authority you can show that will protect you at that moment. Don’t be silly.
Not the LTT intro haha
Russell Rebollo. RIP
Worth pointing out that Schettino probably changed out of uniform and into a suit during the rescue attempts so that people wouldn't readily identify him as the captain and would leave him alone and he could escape criticism and a potentially angry mob. Maybe a bit cynical, but I honestly believe that's the reason he changed his clothes.
Homeboy actually used halo music     I appreciate it
How is that the anniversary its 14 - 15 not 13 - 15
This really was the best uncharted 3 level
I’ve just discovered this channel. I’m 10 minutes in and I’m hooked, line and sinker. Not just because of the great video and unsurpassed storytelling but that NordVPN as was as well written as the rest of the video! And I hate ads (who doesn’t). Instant subscribe !
love me a fellow kiwi kicking butt on the tubes
“Back 10 to 15 minutes videos” proceeds to post a half an hour video and an hour long video, which were not shortly after, on main channel
Lets be real Carnival should have been taken to the bank over this, the captain didn't even get punished properly. But the company should have had to pay out for this, with that insane control room. First a captain that wasn't even qualified to a helmsman that couldn't speak the captains fluent language. What a joke and a good one thanks to Internet Historian.
I wouldn't say that the Costa concordia was cursed the champagne bottle broke on the christning of the titanic and the kursk one sank with people who survived and one sank  with no survivors ( the kursk was a Russian submarine that had no survivors because they resorted to the Soviet Union style of thinking basically lie to people do absolutely nothing and divert blame by saying " a American submarine sank our submarine" )
Can anyone help me find the sound effect used at 6:22
Yes must’ve been Obama‘s fault
Gotta love the payday music 😂
If cruise ships can traffic drugs then they can traffic people too
Worth it just for the brief glimpse of Russell Coight
The captian had to deal with a bunch of incompetence.
It’s like they wanted to create a tragedy. Language barriers and a terrible captain as well as hiding things
literally my favorite video on youtube
Mayor Mario is the unsung hero of this tale.
I'm starting to understand that "under control" may or may not be code for " we have no idea what the hell is going on or what we're doing."
That mayor is a badass mfer
🕊❤
I am currently watching, and I already love it. This used to be everywhere on tv back in the day. I was 11 at the time, I remember just being done with school that day, and holy shit I was so afraid for those on board.
I got an ad for a cruiseliner while watching this! So perfect 🤣
Fucking Italy
Duuude… that poor woman in that box :0
Every time I watch this I always get chills when the the before and after clips of the various parts of the ship are shown.
10:00 did anyone else notice nord wearing flip flops
31:50 lmao Marco's comment: "Forget the cockpits for heaven's sake"
Amazing how you can get 5 to 40 years in prison for weed possession while the captain only got 16 years for this shit 🤡
What's kind of shocking is just how much justice for this was cucked by Italy. The other crew members on the bridge were just absolved of responsibility in order to make Schettino the sacrificial lamb. He obviously deserved it, but the fact that everybody else was just let off the hook was some kangaroo court stuff. Especially when the company got off with a slap on the wrist.   And that's before even getting into De Falco's demotion because his superior was butthurt.
Ayyyyyy he uploaded this on my birthday!
Never did I think memes with ships plastered over peoples faces would be so funny.
I still think this is the best video he's done. Such an in-depth analysis on an event I had no clue about, with comedic breaks here and there.
What software are these made in?
The helmsman pissed me the hell off  I can’t stand when people  Are put to tasks and have a language barrier   Now to clarify it definitely was the staff who hired Homs fault  He just was happy to be working there but some people don’t know how to admit they don’t know what they are doing in fear of backlash
The ads are just insane on this. Great story tho.
Linus Ship tips had me so confused for a second
Stroke of genius using tracks from the tanker section of mgs2.
Costa Concordia
It's events like this, the utter insane amount of shitty people who lie and have no honor up and down the entire ladder of many companies and the absolute lack of legitimate government oversight in anyway and in fact helping screw over civilians and tax payers in support of corrupt billionaires.  The largest purchase of weapons of war and wealth transfer from working class to billionaires in the history of the world has occured over the last three years, corporations have more power than elected governments and we have sitting presidents that blatantly lie and commit fraud while in office, not to mention laughing at the ridiculous screaming "handlers" removing the "press" if they ask questions.  We all just go right along with it.   I mean I don't have the answers  I really do believe either we are in 1984 and it's only going to get worse or the revolutions of the working class hero will begin.   Humans are really awful when we get lazy and allow others to think for us assuming they care AT ALL about us.   Just look at Congress and the Senate.   Do you REALLY think they care about anyone besides themselves?   Really sad state were all in, hopefully we get someone with the balls that they can't destroy that easy who can lead humans to actual world peace.   Like the real kind, not the fake TV show kind.
One message to that helmsman.  If you can't speak Italian well, don't sign up control an Italian ship you dipshit.
you steal f*cking bell and then drowned it     This man have the best voice for storytelling
31:42 funny how that aged, considering the war in ukraine
The Titanic was not a Cruise Ship, she was a Liner. Big difference!
They should have been 2 miles out at sea!
Why is the before and after of this ship that's been rolled over and submerged for over 10 years better than the before and after of the Nickelodeon hotel?
Very rarely do I want someone to suffer but that captain deserves a lot of pain.
THE BALTIMORE SUN AT 28:57!!! BMORE REPRESENT lol but besides that, this is such an amazing video and the way the story is told keeps me hooked
If you would have asked me I would have said this happened like 15 years ago
I feel bad for everyone included. Even somehow for captain. Except for the company. It looks like the fact that Captain was promoted from guard to captain in 2 years was overlooked. Who gave him this job? and who gave job to the person who didn't even speak in any language that was present. It's mostly company fault for it. But as always, people in power, and with money, always get away. And Captain was too blamed
hihii
I got a cruise ship ad for this video.
40:23 goosebumps theme nice!
25:18 most underrated scene in this video
A cinematic masterpiece!
4TH TIME WATCHING THIS VIDEO
is the background music...hollow knight
Why does the video look like its from the 90s... this was from 2012 right.
I love your videos so much. The way you just chaotically and hilariously edit everything is so *Chef kiss* I can't imagine how long this stuff takes you to do but I am so happy that you take the time to do it and provide us with such amazing content. I finished the video and I'm still laughing at the "oh my gawd" when you called the Concordia a cursed ship 💀💀💀💀💀 all those little sound bites just send me over!! XD
15:04 Tanker incident music from MGS2?
Kinda bullshit the patsy got jail time and the Carnival got off scot free
I died on the VPN part xd was fcking awesome!
Moldova is North East if Romania, which is South of Ukraine
Now i understand why people love the internet historian i cant wait for 2030 for his next video
Very, very good video! Top marks mate💯🦘🇦🇺
oh damn! I remember this shipwreck! Wow! it counts as history now? I really am getting old!
Vada board catzo!🤣
This channel has 2003 history channels sense of historical narrative and today's big foot and alien infested history channels propensity for humor. Perfect.
Did you really spend half an hour making spaghetti just for a joke?
THIS HAS THE BEST NORD VPN AD I'VE EVER SEEN LMFAO. Fr, it's the only one I haven't skipped HAHAHAHA its so good 😆😂😂😂
that concordia bell would have been a family heirloom passed down through generations if it was mine hahaahahah
46:35 no more videos of  more than 15 minutes..... Man on Cave...
just like me fr
8:43 shows why justice will for ever be blind. Let the worst 'suffer' but people who suffer kill themselves or end up in therapy. The rest? Bumble on and as this shows, they profit.
I got a cruise ship ad while watching this.
19:08 & 21:20, I’ll always recognize the Hollow Knight music anywhere
I hope this gets better
I've never heard of Concordia.  I thought it was a small college in Austin.
Why did "buenos noches... ya later" kill me more than anything else lol
wow i only found this channel after his cave vid i feel dumb because i usually find cool shit early and i knew nothing about this dude
beyblade beyblade
16years and one month 😂😂
What happened to that spaghetti was not okay...
32:19 homie looks JUST like david cross
meh..ive done worse than that to impress a woman
I'm loving all the Halo music in the background 😅
23:00 you thought you could just slip "Under Cover of Night" in here and I just wouldn't notice.
Fuck bro that LTT bit 🤣🤣🤣
I think I've watched this like 5 times. Might be my fav IH video
Linus ship tips
Lost my shit at Linus' Ship Tips
I know this is really off topic, but if a cruise ship was just sat fully functional in a harbour during an apocalypse, who wouldn’t take it?
Holy crap he used the Hollow Knight Soundtrack
says no more 45 minute videos on the main channel, 10 minute videos only, then proceeds to post a whole hour one about caves. I love you IH.
you should really do a essay on the ms estonia disaster
"Why do you never come on cruises with me, Crux?"  Costa. Titanic. Every other cruise failure?  "But that's very far and few between!"  And maybe my presence itself will curse the cruise 🥺  "you're no fun."  Nearly dying out at sea isn't fun either 😳
At least the lover used her little clout for a good cause
35:00 my man knows skullgirls!!
25:14 the spagetti D:
This video is so good I watched it twice a few months apart
That captain needs some therapy for his lying
24:42 it's cool you see the split between what was submerged and what it looked like staying above
As soon as I heard that he wrote a book, all the red flags started really going off.  Book deals are pay offs for puppets of the controllers
Imagine being like a chauffeur and you crash a car worth $570 million
Jesus Christ, I could captain a ship better than that clown and my largest vessel was a toy boat in the tub when I was six.
all this for a flex on the captain's ego .. lmao hope he is in prison hahah
This is by far the best video on the channel!
Love how every reactor immediately assumes the clearly labeled and obviously ridiculous shot from Speed 2 is what really happened
>no more 45 minute videos on the main channel, back to 10 to 15 minute videos  >posts an hour long epic about an extremely prolific cave rescue  Thank God you didn't listen to yourself cause Man In Cave is your best work yet
Whoever decided to play " my heart will go on" in the restaurant as the ship was going down was a real one
This is a masterpiece. 11/10
Aaah the...j-gym
29:19 was not expecting beyblade
Ngl, I feel kinda bad for the helmsman, Jacob. The mistakes he makes (both in translation and in operating the helm) are so amateur, it tells me that he probably barely knew what he was doing; my question is how such a massive company allows a total and complete novice to be manning the helm with seemingly no supervision; he was in over his head on a job he clearly should not have gotten, and you can't blame him for that.   Management allowed him to be in that position and then used him as a scapegoat to place blame for much more fundamental issues with the company itself and essentially ruined his life, imagine spending the rest of your life essentially as a fugitive because you got a job you weren't qualified for. I'm not saying Rusli Bin was totally blameless, but if there was an innocent person in all of this, I would say it was him.
I got an ad for a cruise
Destruction of captain's reputation needs it's own comedy film, I swear
I watched a PBS documentary on the salvaging of Costa Concordia it was crazy how much work went into it, they had to develop a completely new way to raise the ship.
You know the crash is so hard that if only there were papers and pens, that could have solved their language barrier about numbers and could possibly have helped to not hit the rock.
Bruh titanic of Costa concordia💀💀💀
I’m super surprised at how well the halo music fit with this
“no more 45 minutes videos”
update, Cemortan is now the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom update to the update: Cemortan has now also sunk the United Kingdom
14:05  No way, Wendigoon is in this one too!
I've been seeing this thumbnail on my recommended for years and for some reason i always thought it's gonna be talking about the history of the Concorde plane...
Well........atleast it wasn't an iceberg.
Loved the spaghetti skit.  Your content is among the best Youtube has to offer. Your channel deserves its success and so much more. Keep it up!
Ahoyhoy!
Bell heists are for some reason a very real thing there was a couple of attempts that I believe were successful from Notre dame and other churches in Paris due to them being crafted from expensive materials and often having gems etc.
Moral of the story: don’t be a fucking idiot and sail into a fucking shore
Amazing video and hands down best Nord VPN ad on the internet. You are absolutely hilarious and a great storyteller
The Captain of Totanic went down with his ship as soon as he knew people would die. He didn't even consider saving himself at that point. I guess Italian captains don't know the rules. Romans never were much for naval shit.
I've played hollow knight so much that hearing Hornets music is so weird to me lmao
As soon as it gets corny; he says something so left field and cheeky it fucking SLAYS me 🤣😂🤣
"Get back on board you DICK!"
I had seen this video like 10' times
It is physically possible for you to make a bad video? I need to know, man. So far all I've seen from you is absolute gold.
"collision"   goosebumps, man.
@internet Historian 31:49 Marco Piccaro says: God please stay away from cockpit  GOLD AHAHAH
What's the songs name at 40:22?
Taking a risk calling Titanic a Cruise Ship. She was an ocean liner, and peoples will fight you on this. Not me, but someone
29:18 😂
The Dead Island music at 28:10 or so was a nice touch lol
I only just found this channel but it's god damned brilliant. The nordvpn ad has my sides hurting.  *bllrrghh*
Dude, that halo Music just hits different tho 🤌👌
I hear that hornet music
I remember the conversation between like the coast guard and the captain demanding that he go back onboard until ever passenger is off but the captain refused.
Who steals the bell? Try to imagine how valuable the bell of the Titanic is right now.
I got a Carnival Cruiseline ad on this video 😅
I watch this video often, It's one of my all time favorite youtube videos. So good.
There are some YouTubers I just can't imagine having a real face. This is one of them.
As a perfectionist, I know nothing is perfect. But my god this video is as close to perfect as possible. For so many reasons I can't even begin to list them all. I've watched enough YouTube to know there's always those videos you go back to because they're just so damn good. This is one of them
Tbh i dont fjnd that indonesian guy responsible. Costa should've never given him that position if he didnt even speak the goddamn languages. Unbelievable that costa could just buy themselves out of prosecutions
16 years for killing 32 people? Fuck off man.
as an italian this is  pratically engraved in our memory and yeah gregorio the falco is rembered as a hero and all the others member crew that helped but schiettino its remembered as a troll meme and a scum man.
schiettino il nostro uomo
One of the few youtubers that makes hour long videos that are rewatchable af
Making a comedy of people dying is hard pill to swallow.  Real people died because of this recklessness and that's no laughing matter.
Good Thor! This video essay is astonishingly well crafted and tragic and hilarious. Wow!
This is how all the companies I've worked for also operate
I wonder how the 33 people died, it was a big deal but nothing exploded or anything, it crashed into land and they didn't raise alarm for an hour.. What happened to lead to 33 deaths??
that captain disgusts me. the fact that people under his command died trying to help and protect the people who were on his ship that were only in danger because of his complete and utter lack of ability to properly run a command, and then he ran and did nothing to help or even take responsibility is disgusting. he should be at the bottom of the ocean, not Russel Robello.
20:18 Grade A bonafide chad
the denial is giving me dyatlov from chernobyl
When you first saw halo we're you blinded by it's majesty?
I'm on my 4th watch of this now. Just the perfect retelling of the story.
24:10 anybody else got a "look at this place, 50 thousand people used to live here, now it's a ghost town" humming in their skull?
14:07 god I love this channel
42:12 I love this so much.
I love your casual use of videogame soundtracks
The abandoned cost of Concordia actually looke really cool, I wish there was a way to go on it today
When the bottle didnt break... we all knew it was doom for the ship... Tradition and superstition never lie...
What a waste of money... Welcome to1984, where we birn money and resources... cause we have them, and if no one produces them, they have no purpose... Lets keep going
I can hear rose screaming to jack that shell never let go now.... Then she lets go... Hypocrisy at its peak...
Latest news about Captain Schettino: Schettino was sentenced to 16 years in prison, and now, after 10 years, he could soon leave prison and "make his contribution to the institutions": with an office job whose task is to digitize some of the major judicial processes that run through the history of Italy and save them from the neglect of time.
If there was a YouTube equivalent of the Academy Awards this would win hands down, followed by Jenny Nicholson's 'Brony' video a close second. Wish I had downloaded the earlier version which had the opera singer background music when they hit the rocks. Was one of the funniest bits. A pox on the person that forced TIH to remove it.
This whole thing is just LOL.
ive watched this like 10 times by now, such a comfort of a video for some reason.
I just realized that Internet Historian used Calling All Units which is part of the Payday 2 soundtrack in the beginning lmao.
27th rewatch, fuck it
It’s so much worse when you realize that all of this was caused by him showing off for his mistress. That’s literally it.
"No more 45min videos, back to 10-15 and more of them" Proceeds to make a video abou the hole that has 70 minutes
if every member of the staff in the Titanic was Fabrizio 🤌🏻
pssy so good you just sink a cruise ship
The sheer incompetence of the captain is astounding
"No more 45 minute videos"  1 year later the man in the cave video
14:25 because of course
20:28
You should consider a video on the South Korean ferry Sewol. There’s so much you could pick from that tragedy
best internet historian vid by far
It shows how long it took to make this vid because of how he says “8 years ago” meaning it was filmed in 2020, but premiered in 2021
These cannot be real 😂 there’s just no way this many things can go wrong! There’s just no way! And there’s so many of these videos on this channel it’s HILARIOUS 😂 😅😂
this video is just perfect it tell all the info that there is in a fun entertaining way with just amazing story telling it suspenseful when the ship is sinking which puts the listener on edge and it's just prefect I've watch it like 3 times now and I'm not planning to stop
those deaths are on the captain and the stupid company for hiring him and people unfit for the job
46:35 "No more 45 mins long videos, back to 10-15 minutes on the main channel."   >Most recent video: 1h long "Man in Cave".  Looks like the temptation was simply too enticing.
31:20 i thought italy had rules against arresting children, appalling how could they apprehend such a young child, she couldnt be under 10!
I have listened to “you could tell, you could really tell” numerous times. Still funny
?where did  cop wondering wether he comits suicidw part?
"Came up the the idea" typo!
I still find it weird when you use that András Arató drawn picture.
38:49 Gad damn Chad. Even in a proper emergency. Still has time to strike jokes while ripping the captain a new one. God I wish I had the the balls of steel that man has
I GASPED ALOUD AT THE HOKUSAI PRINTS OMFG NOOOO
I’ve rewatched the intro like 50 gazillion times now
the halo music works so well and I dont know why.
ada indonesia coy
What is it with Italians not learning jack shit from their history? It's like the most stereotypical Italian criminal. Must be shady liar, with absolutely no qualification to be in any position that they are in, believe in extreme fascism, suffer from NPD that ends up making them say shit that will criminalize them, and hate everyone except rich white people. FFS, Italy, get your shit together. Get rid of your nazis.
Music at 12:18
I remember both of the crashes mentioned at the beginning before this one...it was the same guy???! How did this guy ever get to captain a ship again? No cruise for me, thank you..
bad ad placement
Here after That last video
Cemortan is the real life Britta from community
I wonder who the hell actually has the bell. It had to have been heavy and to lug it all the way to shore and wherever else without getting noticed, not to mention years later is really impressive.
46:30 "No more 45 min videos on main channel"  -> Next two videos are a 38min video and a 1hr 9min video
In my darkness hours, I return to this video. Content my lord. CONTENT. GOD SAVE THE INTERNET HISTORIAN.
am i high or was at 8:30 a different music before?
So this is like my 11th time watching this, and the first several times I hadn't played Hollow Knight. Now I have, fell in love with it, and I just recognized the song at 19:19
I genuinely love that the Helmsman just disappeared off the face of the earth rather than say that everyone else couldn’t talk to him and there wasn’t much he could do  Like, dude you could’ve gotten away with saying everyone else was at fault, but nope. He chose to leave the country
linus ship tips is incredible- icing on the cake. still don't know how these videos are simultaneously dense with information and hilarious. you need to teach my grad school lectures
this video is legendary it should have subtitles in different languages
Great video, fucking loved it!!
37:55 literally how I broke my arm as a teen. Do not recommend
Watch this while I am on a cruise rn
One thing i don't understand is that why they decided to destroy the ship? I mean that half of it was still good condition. They could have brought it to the shipping yard and build the other half, renovate the ship as new and let it sail again. Why demolish it. 🤔🤔🤔
17:38 - a must have ringtone.
2:48 ahh yes, such an alluring beauty... :|
i watched this so many times i can say it word for word
loutve sky
That engineer and the safety officer were the only actual competent crew on that ship.
These are the only NordVPN ads I watch.
Nord VPN man smokes cigarettes out of his nose
Funnily enough, I got a commercial for Carnival Cruises before watching this
I thought it was ironic I got a Carnival cruise ad while watching this
Amazing job! I always wondered what the heck happened on that ship! I being a US Navy veteran and on a ship for 4 years wondered how a ship like that crashed. Now i see it's pretty simple just put a guy who cleans and paints for a living and doesnt understand Italian or English to steer your ship so when it becomes critical he has no idea what anyone is saying to him and just does his own thing. I'm sorry the company should of done a proper background check on all employees the buck should have stopped with the captain and the company that ran the ship no buying their way clear of responsibility! If they can can pay the country to escape any wrong doing then that country should be held liable to pay the victims!
The engineers really out there doing the most. Like they were in deep ass water turning shit on with a screwdriver. I know in my heart of hearts i would probably not be able to do that.
*L* ie to prevent panic *I* nterfere with rescue *V* indicate self *E* vacuate first  13:55 I can't handle that lmao
The gt6 menu music😩
I keep watching this because of that bell.  Oh man, it is a great set up and finish.  Well played.
"Cemortan appeared on public media and became an activist."  Her flagship achievement: Sleeping with an idiot.
I mean you really can't make a public announcement without the undertone of "Ladies and gentlemen, we are quite fucked."
The largest cruiseship disaster since the Titanic? Ever heard of Estonia?
I miss when Internet Historian wasn't some fringe right winger who actually made videos about internet history.
bro we watched this in school
I think this is what ea imagined in the sims
Spicy
I got a ad from Carnival while watching this video
I don't get why you're belittling Domnica's activism. Is protesting on behalf of women's rights and against Russian interests buying foreign infrastructure like...bad? Also you characterize her interviews as confusing but they just struck me as the product of a less than stellar grasp of the English language...
The captain got 16 years for this. Should have been life for how incompetent he is.
An unreasonable loss of life along with lasting ecological damage....
Whenever I think of this, I come back here to remind me.   You told the best version of the story.
I’d figure he’d change into a suit since captains go down with the ship (and if he makes it out no one would recognize him).
33:00 "sail-by salutes *parp*" 🤣
I found and survived on this channel (and many other youtube channels) in the last 2 years of the pandemic. Thank you so much for the fuckin great content.   If you see this comment around, I'm using this same comment to engage, support and praise the creators that I mostly watched on my Xbox over 2020 and 2021 and didn't take the time to feed the algorithim on. FIXING THAT NOW  \o/  THANK YOU
Many people who died were found in the elevators. When power went down they got stuck between floors. The security system malfunctioned in some of them and people could scape, but others had their doors shut and they couldn't be open from the inside. However power was restored, light came back and there are videos of people casually walking around and staff telling them that everything is ok and to stay calm. That is, there was a moment in which they could have checked the elevators for people trapped and maybe try to open them, but for some reason they decided to just wait. I can't stop thinking about how many people could have survived if they had just checked.
If they turned this disaster into a movie like the Titanic, this video makes me think they could turn it into a comedy and it would work.
3rd full time watching love it
That day god was chilling, watching the UFC when his homie calls him up and says "Bro you gotta see this shit" and then I can only imagine god's reaction was "Seriously? This fucking idiot is he kidding me right now?" *proceeds to push the ship towards the coast*
“How to Turn a Luxury Liner into a Bioshock Level in One Crazy Night!”
What song is that at 39:39? I didn’t see it listed and wanted to hear it for my training montage.
I think a lot about how that guy looks just like Michael Scott from The Office
38:30
Where is private detective Edward Carnby?   Huh,  Internet Historian?  Where is Ted Stryker?  What have you done with the Alone In The Dark videos on Storymode?  JED STONE, One-eyed Jack, Mr. Prexit, these great figures brought you glory.   What have you done to them?!
8:46 Did the music change? I could swear it used to be different.
Estonia sank in 1994 and 852 people died so at least one fact is wrong in this video.
8:35 This is art.
21:05 "Doh!"
10:40 "Rosebud-"
Estonia was a bigger disaster since titanic. Just getting some facts straight.
Капитана реально зовут Скотина Чего вы ожидали?
Damn, girls really do like bad guys.
38:48 did he really just say boatload of trouble
16 knots may not sound fast but for a ship that big that close to shore that's ludicrous speed.
What a video for YouTube to tack a Carnival ad at the end.
Put it on x.25 and it's breaking the simulation
I just started playing Payday 2 for the first time and immediately recognized the music from this video. Haha
27:00 Honestly, props to the random Aussie who tried to auction off the *ENTIRE FUCKING SHIP* on eBay. The fact that the highest bid was nearly 1009 Australian dollars is even better
Absolutely random, but does anyone know what the background music is at 22:41? I assumed it was from Goldeneye OST but I haven’t had any luck finding it.
I think it’s about time you upload another vid geez. Taking the piss.
I don't want to be too harsh on "vessel" designers and others in general but damn like really there was no better design of a boat than this ? Like just one hit ,  just one breach and everything is gone ? With no safety security backup ? Like wtf  !?
came here from Reddit and damnit the editing it too good in this
Can you make one on the oceanos sinking
I like to come back to this every now and then and it’s always just as good
I don't know why but the quick cut to not even trying to find Moldova on the map made me laugh really hard
This dude is so entertaining wish I started to watch him sooner
I do believe outside human stupidity and incompetence. Friday January 13th is cursed.  Besides this tragic event there's seemingly one for every time that specific date happens. Be it insane coincidence and someone just deciding that day to do something stupid/horrible.
Another similarity, When launched, the bottle thrown against Titanic ALSO didnt break and had to be thrown twice
Damn, Internet Historian forgot the part where some university asked Schettino to give a talk about handling stressful situation... The whole issue was seriously treated like a joke, honestly, it was also memed to oblivion.
That bell tho
wtf Jacob
think by far my fav part of this is "who *heh* who steals a giant fuck off bell"
I think this is a good documentary. Just my opinion. Please, more shit like this. I know it's a lot of work but... Once in a year? come on!
Does anyone know the song on 43:54
Wait a minute here, what happened to the girl in the magic box????
Largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic? Liar. It was the Wilhelm gustoff.
Best channel on the internet hands down. I have never laughed so hard!
DeFalco sigma af
This has become a cult for me, I'll make my children watch this every christmas evening
Gay balls
Can't believe I didn't comment on this despite watching it thousands of times by now, but I feel like I must comment on how fucking disgusting it is that Costa basically dodged the whole ordeal and were perfectly fine with it becoming a media circus act entirely centered around Cemortan and Scattino's relationship to keep the masses distracted.
I keep coming back to this when it pops up just to soak this in
holy shit car seat headrest reference🙏🙏
I've lost count how many times I've rewatched this video. Such awesome story telling.
i loved the loot box section
_"I took the brakes off my car. Man like me...never learned how to stop."_ That warranted both the response and the laugh. 😂
This video scared me because we are plebs judging plebs
Not me watching for the 6th time because every time YouTube puts it in my feed I watch it. Too good.
W2
It seems like a bad idea to uh put the engine and electrics down there
@40:16 Tony Soprano and Pauli Walnuts sitting in the italian senat, lmao.
30:45 : *"today i died the second time"*  Wtf
Tell me again how he became Captain.
Anyone knows what version of the titanic anthem he is using in the beginning of the video?
Okay that was probably the best ad I've ever seen
The Titanic music in the intro got me LMAO
The NYC lawyer was not the scammer? What?!
This captain was a real Michael Scott
Allision not collision lol
No chance this was an accident
Amazing. I have never watched a youtube video this long ever. My initial intent was to just watch a few minutes to get an idea of what happened.. but you sir, hooked me. Bravo 👏 for the first time I can say I have a favorite YouTuber 😹
Only 16 years for like 35 counts of manslaughter!? ON TOP OF EVERYTHING ELSE!?
It's not commensurate
"no more 45 minute videos on the channel, 15 minutes and more often"  So that was a fucking lie
6:20 "Ohhh Shit!"  Hahaha i damn near lost it!
Russel Rebello, a hero.  RIP
Why get vpn when you can just simply get a new pc every time you browse
I really got a cruise ship holiday ad, thanks YouTube.
the fact that this is my fifth rewatch since this video came out and it never fails to amuse me 🤣
Of course indonesian also takes some part in this, and he runs like a bitch. Why I'm not surprised 🙄
Its in poor taste to joke about 32 deaths!
Me: Decides to rewatch the video cause I’m bored   * gets add for a cruise *  Me: surprised pikachu face
32 people.
Anyone else actually get an ad when it was the actual videos ad time?
I thought titanic was made for 4 compartments filled
Ive watched this so many times that I noticed they changed a bit of the music in some scenes. I guess copyright stuff
Is anyone going to ask how are there still bottles still standing after the ship got flipped?
This is the weirdest disaster documentary I've ever seen and I liked it.
Not me celebrating my 12th birthday when this happened
The sheer incompetence of this captain
Hey can you please make a video of Japanese assault on songkhla
This reminds me of the resident evil game where you explore an abandoned cruise ship after a viral outbreak happened on board. But seriously this whole thing is a tragedy.
The worst part of all this is that it took MANY mistakes to cause this to happen. Lying to guests about the safety of the ship should get you hung.
39:07 for fucks sake, even mexico trusts their government more then the Italians
To be fair, most of the accident was Jacob's fault so it's not hard to realize why he fled the country.
Having been on many cruises with my grandparents, I must say it would be TERRIFYING to be on a ship with NO POWER!!
all in all it sounded like a successful rescue. How did 33 people die?
this is why I will NEVER, EVER, go on a cruise
You gotta give credit to the people who refloated this ship years after she sunk.
i dont remember this being 45 minutes ....
Captain was a douche sure, but helmsmen was just as bad.
This video is so fucking good if i could give it more than one like i would
the titanic reference  Its a good joke
31:49 the comment says “leave the ship controls alone for the love of God” lol
24:10 This part is genuinely haunting to watch.
24:10 This part is genuinely haunting to watch.
So many scary details, the fact that the Costa Concordia was allowed to have a bridge officer that wasn't a native speaker is shocking, the fact that he was the helmsman is mindblowing!!!
You have the whole ocean and still manage to get into a ship wreck.  I hope they had insurance.
25:40   Theres a mall... Thats the NEX mall in Singapore in serangoon... LMFAO...
This video is better than most films I’ve seen in the past 3 years
In Italian "ci" is pronounced as "chi" in English, and "chi" is pronounced as "ki". Therefore, Civitavecchia is pronounced as "chivitavekia".
This incident. This guy. This is when I decided that I would never go on a cruise, unlikely as it is that I would ever have the opportunity anyway. I mean, accidents happen, but if THIS is what we can expect from today's Captains 'Courageous'...
You should know this video is part of the official curricula in an Organizational Psychology class at the University of Edinburgh
BY HEAVENS.... keep her away from our American Carriers
this is a master piece !
21:55 slips on raviol. Thank you for this.
friday the 13, and the 100th anniversary of the titanic? I would avoid boats in general. probably made the tickets cheap as shit tho...
anyone know the song at 35:00?
Harbor Master mvp
Props to the diver thief who stole the bell above all anything else :'D
It was kind of worth the risk, though. Imagine it would have gone well. They would have beeped the horn and a few passengers would have said: "Hey look at the land, yay! Hey, want to get a coffee now?"
The guy that ran.... Twice.... First, why would you throw away the entirety of the rest of your life when you got a deal that made it so you didn't have to lose ANY part of your life, timewise? My theory: It was the testifying he couldn't live without, not his life, y'see... He too, was the Captains Mistress..
Never heard of "Concordia"  Opened video because it was suggested to me  Read video description; no information on what this is about  Several seconds into the video, still no information what the video is about  Closed video.
The Captain had a suit store away just case something like this happens
This Captain is proof that both Rank AND Rating/Level within that Rank, especially outside of a Military System(but sometimes within that too of course).... Are meaningless when promotions can be given to friends and idiots and cowards of all types...
_"It's been Eight....yeeeeaaaars..."_ 😂
My favorite document of costa Concordia is this because its very informative and humorous at the same time😂😂
I’m loving the mix of animation & Sims 4! 🤣😂
why does the Captain still has his license/rank after the second crash ?
~32:00  No shit your company’s going to lose its shares! One of the biggest cruise ships you own sank… AND the captain was with drugs, what’s her name was a LITERAL DRAMA QUEEN.
This is an absolutely brilliant gem!!!!!!!!
If EA Games started a cruise line
cool
The only adverts I will watch are nordman ads
Thank goodness that there are no other captains out there that are this bad.    :/
Laughing my ass off, the first add is for a cruise line, LOL!!
25:23 meme 27:28
The proof Halo OST works any place
Y'all are sleeping on that epic NordVPN ad.
As an experienced marine engineer and navigator I have a couple of more things which should be pointed out here:  1- why were the water tight doors not shut already. On every vessel I have ever been on, they are marked “to be kept closed at sea”  2- why did emergency generator not work? It needs to be tested for at least 15min every week without load and once a month on load for at least one hour.   3- was no one on the bridge capable of looking at the fucking chart?!   4- has no one ever read the collision avoidance rules, in particular rule 2, 6 and 19? Some of the stuff they apparently did are explicitly pointed out there not to do!
I lost it with the detour animation at 2:30. Very well done
The captain's incompetence and the audacity to lie to distressing passengers are insane. Maybe if they were honest they could've figured out a solution and gotten people out faster. Also, don't hire someone who doesn't speak your language for an important role.
Excellent Video. You did a great job editing it!
car seat headrest refrance 😱😱😱
How unpopular does your event have to be when your best option for "guest of honour" is a disgraced captain? 😂
How the hell did the news get the radio from the bridge?
Harbour master was on point
Why was the maître d' on the bridge? 🧐
The idea that two officers both heard different damn numbers 😅
I mean sailors are famously superstitious so they can't have been happy from the start
Another shit add ruining content
You show pictures of the captain but all I see is Zapp Brannigan
Gotta say I think the magician was p based. Lights go out, he unlocks the box one of his assistants is in, then immediately fucks off without anyone even seeing him leave. Like yep, show's over, I'm out.
How the fuck is this so well made lmao
I am going to hell for laughing at my heart will go pn bits lmao
@＠＠＠＠＠「「「「「「「
This whole documentary is a perfect description of Italian society. Incompetent fraudsters with connections become captain, old men without any real experience leading admirals and the few brilliant and competent are sidelined because they are seen as a threat rather than an asset. Can't wait to leave this place
The Costa wasn't the biggest Cruise Ship disaster since Titanic. Titanic was a passenger liner....not a cruise ship. For cruise ships....Morro Castle?
17:30 the bastards lied and sent people back to the cabins! Luckily the passengers stop listening. Unlike the unlucky Koreans on the Sewol RIP ✝️ 🙏 🇰🇷
Murphy's law man if you're gonna sail near islands eventually someone's gonna hit the island.
Very well done video!
Bruh, southeast Asia has many trained sailors especially from the Philippines and Indonesia and yet they hired a painter lmao.
I’m still confused if you were on this ship or not
Can't wait for Episode 3 in 2112
I wonder why the cruise company pay half billion dollars for a ship, and then place it in the hands of some barely competent personnel on minimum wage...
26:20 i once lives in village where a bell the size of a tiny person was stolen
I think every human made disaster is a symptom from larger problem within the systems or companies involved. Just like Chernobyl. How could you hire a security guard and a painter from a foreign country to steer a cruise ship?
I fucking love this documentry, it's informative and hilarious at the same time. Absolute perfection.
How incompetent do you have to be for your order to not be “rudder to center, full-reverse”
What is the the song at 40:24
she can be my mistress even though she's stupid
8:58 Hey, Vsauce! Michael here.
feels so weird hearing the hollow knight soundtrack in here
Gotta love background Metal Gear music..Not uncommon, but always welcome.
Did the music for the collision change from the original?
I know some people who worked on the salvage effort. It was awful work, from what I was told.
Thanks!
The thought of some dudes coming to loot a toppled over cruiseship sounds so goofy to me.
The deputy mayor being with a tobacco shop owner is the most italian shit ive ever heard.
Man like me never really learned how to stop... I'm in the hospital. 😭😭
As an Italian I'm offended by all the spilt olive oil and espresso
I approve of the Payday 2 music!
I don't think they should be allowed to play My Heart Will Go On on ships
This was a recommended video from The Thick of It, which explains a lot.
This is like my worst nightmare
You have tons of talent. How much time does this take you!? So many deets! This was very entertaining and informative. Thank you.
Majestic artwork!
Was the spaghetti skit worth it
That's severely fucked up that they could just bribe a judge to get off the hook. Seems like Europe is just as fucked as the states
hey hey, at least discordia was kind enough to only kill like 30 of you, that less than Azreal just took last week by mixing a drought with a thunderstorm (apparently scalding hot rain is a killer)
so whens the movie?
Good choice using halos score half way through.
24:06 *Ignores the Wilhelm Gustloff.*
9 minutes in and this is looking like Titanic 2.0
You should make a video about the January 6th 2021. The biggest joke in history.
The RMS Titanic was rated for flooding of any two joing compartments throughout the ship or four compartments in a row could flood and the ship would stay afloat.
How many times can I watch this?
i know this is because of copyright reasons or something but i hate it how much this video changes everytime i revisit it. have to watch another youtuber watching the original video because every two weeks 100 changes occure to this video
Lmao every 10 or so minutes I'm getting cruise ships ADs like tf
24:21 looks like something out of BioShock
this video has such a grip on me, especially the intro
Taking a cruise ship is not a great idea. Most of these vessels are crewed not by the most compentent or the best trained. They are crewed by the cheapest.
I can appreciate the use of "Under Cover of Night" xD
I learn and retain more from your videos due to your storytelling alone
Was La Traviata really DMCA'd? God dammit, YouTube.
Tbh that engineer in the engine room was truly incredible and was a first class engineer turning the fan on and off and staying down there even though it was flooded
This documentary will save lives one day
The shenmu gameplay was the best part of the video.
How can they spend so much on the ship but skimp on the crew?
2:06 Have to say that, even after the 100th viewing, I still did not see the text disclaimer about the footage being from Speed 2.  In hindsight, it is clearly a scale model, and I have little functional brain matter.
"Took the brakes off my car, a man like me never learned how to stop."
I hate to say it but I feel like even if the helmsman didn't make that mistake they probably would have done something eventually. Maybe not this big of a fuck up but so much incompetence in control of a ship like this never ends well
Is 45:40 a secret hint that Internet Historian has / had the bell ?  O_O
6:20 oh shit! Killed him 😭💀🤣
Loving the Sims 3 flavours :D
Your best work
This is why I don't sail
Every time you used that explosion I expected the Nostalgia Critic intro to start lmao.  Also I love the use of Sims
Corruption kills.
I've read both the Concordia and the Titan would have been saved if they took the blow bow-on
"who steals a big fuck-off bell?" is the greatest take in living memory
I love the Splinter Cell music for the lawsuit investigator lmao
2:10 my sleep paralysis demon getting ready for the night
30:20 best bit
Just to bonk a horn so much damage was done
Why the fuck does the Tuscany court matter here?  How does a plea deal *there* translate to “off the hook in every other country.”
this is like my 7th time watching this
can someone PLEASE tell me the name of the song at 24:10 ? i know its from halo or something i just can't pin it down
If you got a Cruise Ship Ad before watching this video, leave a like
WARNING! Keep reading! Or you will die, even if you only looked at the word warning! (be careful, it is not me who specifies it). Once there was a little girl called Clarissa, she was ten years old and she lived in a mental hospital, because she had killed her mother and her father. She got so bad that she went and killed all the hospital staff, so the More government decided the best idea was to get rid of her, so they set up a special room to kill her, as human as possible, but the machine has gone wrong. they were using it wrong. And she sat there in agony for hours until she died. Now, every week, on the day of her death, she returns to the person who reads this letter, on a Monday evening at 12:00 p.m. She breaks into your room and slowly kills you, cutting you and watching you bleed to death. Now send this to ten other photos on this site, and it will haunt someone else who doesn't. It's not false. apparently if you copy and paste this into ten comments in the next ten minutes you will have the best day of your life tomorrow. You will either be kissed or asked out, if you break that chain you will see a dead little girl in your room tonight. in 53 minutes someone will say i love you or i'm sorry
This story made me so mad
it was all fun and games until u find out people died
the "I've got a good feeling about this" at 2:11 was very well made for some reason.
People died because the captain wanted to get his dick wet.  Geez what a mess that was.
I think you gave too much attention to the captain affair part. Like, a billion dollar ship sank and people died, who cares.
oohhh no the sad music is gone 8:46
Nice Payday 2 song in the background
So I first saw this vid like a week after my Kayak sunk in a lake and I was stranded in the water for like 2 hours being thrown by the current, had to be saved, not a good time. Anyways while watching this video I started to have a panic attack... So fr props to IH for accurately displaying   the urgency and making me freak out lol
I have never laughed so hard at something so intriguing & well narrated.  I nominte this as best YouTube video ever!
But the worst thing is the captains personal stripper tells people who are recording to not record like wtf she was literally being the most stupid living being only behind the captain himself
Who knows what material that bottle was made of could it be from area 51 or is it made out of old Nokia's
I died by my psychological brain while watching the stupidity on display here...
Thank you so much for the humoristic take on what is still regarded "as the largest cruise liner catastrophe since the Titanic".
It really was just the perfect storm of bullshit.
When you get an ad for a cruise while watching this video
this has got to be my favorite video story
Luxurious ships sink Edit: titanic was safety rated for four compartments
I got an ad for a cruise company during the vid.  Nope.
Spicy !
Persze hogy a magyar cigányok hazudnak mint a vízfolyás
What is the song at around 4:44?
to be fair to the captain: they keep them at things like head of security until a captain position opens up, dude wasnt untrained or unqualified
I love how the 'El Cargo' theme from SC: Chaos Theory intensifies with Peter's suspicion at 35:48. It just fits perfectly for some odd reason.
11,000$ isn't going to bring back the 33 people that fucking DIED
Light wood laminate  Light wood laminate
What's the song that starts playing at 39:39 when he starts talking about the bad blood between him and admiral dell'anna? I looked through the description and can't seem to find it...
"Gonna drink all by yourself?" "Somebody has to"  I'd like to report an identity theft...
Any one else notice he's using the Skullgirls Menu theme at 35:00 😆
Not only did those drinks survive the whole disaster but they did it standing
how is he saying 'compensation'?
Moldova is a landlocked country between the Ukraine and Romania.
Wait a minute... did you change music in here? What happened to the opera at the collision?
This video is fast approaching 'legendary' status on Youtube, and it's easy to see why.
Dammit, I chance watching the ad cause I heard it’s good, but now…I just want a LA Noire sequel. Curse you IH!
I think I had rewatched this video 10 times already
The fact that they gave Jacob the guy that got promoted from a house painter to a guy stearing the ship amazes me slightly fell bad for the guy but cmon  man you bearly understand what your captian is saying how the fuck are you supposed to maneuver a ship and the guy just diped insted of giving a testimony lmao
I really appreciate that around 23:50, Internet Historian drops the pretenses of comedy and memes, as well as all music and sound effects, for just a moment, to be entirely frank and straightforward about the gravity of the tragedy; the death toll, and the real harm the disaster caused. It's a very tasteful moment of sobriety in an otherwise humorous and informative documentary.
When the captain told his mistress he was going to hit it that night I don't think anyone expected this.
To be extremely honest.  Semortan would be one hell of a girl to get a relationship with if she wasn't such a "wildcard"
40:30 what music is this?
LMAO XD
DOMNICA IS FROM MY COUNTRY LOOOOL
Song at 43:52?
What i dont get is why he’d lie about the damage? Was it just his pride? It couldn’t have been because of drugs since those were never found. I just dont see a reason why scatino would lie about the ship having a blackout
total latino/3rd world moment incompetent and unreliable
Royal Caribbean’s Symphony of the Seas, the largest cruise liner in the world, cost $1.35B to build.   It cost Carnival/Costa $1.2B just to reclaim the ruined Concordia.   That’s got to sting. That’s what you get when you hire helmsmen who can’t speak the same language as the rest of the crew and a “captain” who is more focused on his extramarital affair and living like some sort of international playboy than he is on keeping his damned ship afloat.   This was such an easily avoidable tragedy.
Buenas noches ya later
Where can I sign up to steer a cruise ship without qualification? I speak English fluently and have steered boats before, yet I would never even consider applying for such a job, let alone expect to be given such a position. Besides that, I wouldn't get off the ship unless everyone else has left first if I was the one responsible for sinking it.  Given that their helmsman was a cleaner in his previous job, I should qualify as an Admiral at the very least ;)
(Clear throat)  " 110K?! I'm an American. Who lost two sons on your death trap ship. " (Shows photo of oddly attractive sons) " Ow dear god we fucked up." " I'm going on good morning America and I am going to bad mouth your parent company." " Please don't do that. We will give you 500K to remain silent." " I want 700K. " " Fine! " _________________ Four month later. " What do you mean he was never a passenger on the ship?! "
those sims 4 face its insane lol, its so good, it even have expression
The Aussie humour tho
All the ww2 Italian ships must have all had the bottles bounce off them too
This is an amazing doc, pat yourself on the back IH.
This is probably the best video to watch before going on Ferry lmao this video turned a easily avoidable tragedy into a comedy and I'm all in for it.
Why is it in Japanese?
Watching this one week before going on a cruise…  Hype
6:48 MULTI-ROCK DRIFTING!!!!! zOMG!
10 to fifteen minute videos after this one, huh? Sounds great! I'll be excited to see what shorter main channel content is li- oh yeah, the older content!
19:10 hollow knight music, lets go
Each of those transitions are just golden.
This was such a fun and interesting video. Thank you!
Look, can you blame him for jumping ship? He just wanted to live, I don’t blame the man.
These must take soooo long to make, they’re excellent
awesome video thank you
Pretty sure all the looting and drugs make this worse than the titanic. The proximity to shore and level of technology were a MASSIVE help on this one, but also, the Titanic had THOUSANDS more people on board. Both ships were captained by arrogant morons that had HORRIBLE track records and should've been black-listed from ever captaining ANY vessel ever again.
Omg i remember hearing about this on TV  But also i wonder how anyone could have died there. Like wtf
I'm regretting rewatching this considering I am going on a cruise in October. Now I'm very much worried.
25:12 I  thought this was stock footage at first lmao
40:26 was that GOOSEBUMPS?😂
I come back to this video and I don't think it can be overstated on how MASTERFUL the first half is. The entire depiction of the crash and the sinking was incredible.
The Brandon Rogers skit at 28:49 was perfect.
I really wanna know who the fuck has that bell
Idk why but the before and after pictures give me literal chills down my spine.
Disgusting. People died there and you’re making a meme video. Shame on you
How the shit does someone wreck a massive ship like that TWICE, let alone get a third opportunity? I got banned from operating the lathe unsupervised after the second time I sheared a $200 bit and nobody had their life endangered.
you are not allowed to incriminate our mistakes
Your narration is great in general, but I just have to say that the crack-up and genuine confusion in the line "who the f--who steals a big fuck-off bell?!" always makes me laugh.
That was the best 46:48 minutes of my life
31:18 she went limp like a toddler bruh
Your videos are incredible
Titanic was the first four compartments.
This story just gets better and better the longer you watch
pure art
That South Korean couple are some heavy sleepers
i was looking into an escorts website in another window when i heard Gta Vice city theme song playing in the background good job cocaine is king
24:10 man i love that halo music. Fits so well
"You are not allowed to film" bitch sue me
Anyone know the song at 24:10? I'm having trouble placing it Edit: it's "Luck" from Halo 3
Dude, this is so well done. I watched asmongolds reaction video and I had to come sub. Now to grind through the rest of your stuff 😂.
Why didn´t they slow down the ship when noticing they are closer to the coast as they should be?
bruh the title tho
42:14
music starting from 6:50 anyone ?
This video is a work of art 🥹
40:58 The title is a play on words. It literally means "Truth, Submerged" but Sommerse has connotations of "hidden" or "buried"
Damn decent of you to drop the jokes when discussing the deaths
Halo Soundtrack was a good choice 😉
a sincere thanks to all the wonderful folk who stayed aboard to help people escape.
Hate how the classical music originally palyed during the collision was claimed... Fit too well. 🤣🤣🤣
the deputy mayor started on a ferrari enzo but end up in a 812 . what a chad!
I can watch this video twice in one week and it’s still like i’m watching it the first time. Top tier quality as usual
Good video, but the constant use of Spaghetti to represent the Italian captain is using outdated stereotypes.
Worst captain in all history. Hoe can you even look your wife in the eyes after such a massive failure.
Compensation could have been worse tho, they could have been offered more time in the ball pit
Okay, he maybe was a bad captain. But if he had gotten a good man at the Helm...maybe nothing of this would have happend... Just saying
That's why so much people call cruise ships floating coffins. Even more true with the cruise company that can buy a judge for almost nothing, yay mafia.
This video released just a year before you'd have had a really really fun clip to play in for the Italian Senate.
I just realised that at 28:51 the GTA Vice City theme is played in the background. Outstanding.
Lol the metal gear solid music tho, Ace.
All heil to Asmonbald! ;-)
42:15 I've never expected Internet Historian to say those exact words, but hey... there's always a first time.
It’s almost like all these compartments should also be a shell around the ship that can be isolated without 1000 tons of water no matter where the damage is. I’m sure it’s a space thing where infrastructure is against the bulkheads but that says a redesign is necessary.  However, these are luxury vehicles. Cost is not the issue. Profits are because space would be more limited as I’m sure ships are already maximum size.
So did the lady in the magician's box die? She must've drowned if she was locked in there.
31:37 Well, that aged well. Pretty prescient of her, all things considered.
22:10  " VADA A BORDO, CATZO!!!"  XD
oh man shenmue!
lol at the halo music
Tbf I probably would have tried looting that ship too if I had the chance....
I'm surprised they don't just use whistling like, y'know, 3 short, long for break, 2 short, long for break, 5 short
anyone else getting multiple cruiseline ads while watching this?🤣🤣
aww man, they changed the song on the collision scene. The old one fits better.
38:30
It's really awful that so many people died, so close to shore.
I came for the Fallout, I stayed for the history.
this is one of my favourite videos on youtube, it is wonderfully researched and sheds light on both a tragedy and the realities behind the tragedy along with adding a sense of humour that is surprisingly well done to avoid being in bad taste and be ridiculously funny.   with all that in mind, I must ask. What happened to the opera music during the crash? I'm more asking because I'm honestly baffled on who would try to copyright opera music in all honesty...though I wouldn't be surprised if that is the case...
"no more 45 min videos in the main channel"
"Man like me... never really learned how to ... ssstttTTTooooppp!!" STFU 💀💀😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀
I’ll continue to watch this purely because of the cutaway edits. I love your videos, the editing is…. *chefs kiss* 🤌🏻
They should've played nearer my god to thee.
The recovery effort of the craft was an amazing feat of engineering
i think the captain changed to a suit to blend in so no one would ask why the captain is leaving
As an Italian from Tuscany... This is fucking gold.
This is the funniest channel on YouTube.
Why have I been watching this on loop for the last two days? I have no idea, but here I go again
Wait. Shouldn't the company that hired the captain and the translators be at fault and not the captain?
This is the greatest video of all time
I would like to know more about the ways people died in this disaster. I heard about people trapped in an elevator - was that stopped when the power first went out? Or due to the list? I just want to learn how people could’ve died and what could’ve been done differently under the same overall emergency conditions caused by the ship itself. Were people killed because they were lied to? What safely takeaways can I learn?
I got an ad for a cruise line while watching this.
Arguably IH’s finest work
actually ms Estonia is the most significant cruise ship disaster since titanic :)
He got off easy with 16 years.
The captain is in prison
Nice beyblade theme opening.
I love that Internet Historian can make a video about this tragedy that is both funny and entertaining, without ever being disrespectful to those that were lost
Let’s forget about schettino for a second, if the helmsman spoke the same language this wouldn’t have happened
I love how the resturant knew what music to play as the disaster unfolds
I kind of wish the ship ended up in deeper water after was completely abandoned. A ship that big being colonized by sea animals over the years after the accident would be cool.
There should be prestigious awards for content like this.
THESE FUCKING ANOUNCES ALWAYS LIE CONTINUALLY,    HERE IS A BIG TIP,  WHEN THEY ARE NOT AFRIAD TO KILL YOU BY LYING TO YOU ON THEIR MICROPHONE THAT IS THE POINT TO SCREAM  LOUD TO THE UNSUSPECTING CROWD THAT PIECE OF GARBAGE HUMAN IS LYING THROUGH HIS NUTSACK, ABANDON SHIT I MEAN SHIP.
In the end, it was him that took the bell 🔔
Titanic captain: has experience of being a captain that tried to help people and went down with the ship  this captain: nah. im out, later!
On Ukrainian "скотина" Skotina means animal Used very often as an insult
Spicy
While it is often said the captain goes down with the ship, they are actually expected to just be the last one off, if a captain is 100% sure that everyone else has gotten to safety, then they can leave without it being an issue.
Who else recognized "Calling All Units" from Payday 2?
26:59 Of course you can’t have a eBay selection without showing a idiot trying to sell something without even thinking at all
Hmm
38:34 What a gem of music. Fall of Envy - White Flag (Dido Cover)
Wow what a masterpiece is this, amazing video man
Still a better movie than Titanic.
This was great! Also, I am confident that you're an Izzard fan.
*I’m ThE KiNg Of tHe WoRld!*
Best ad ever
24:10 "one of these days you're gonna land on somthing as stubborn as you are"
29:00 the vice city theme here is such a nice touch <3
I've been living in Japan for many decades and I have to say the Japanese painting scene with the black guy speaking fake Chinese was very racist and I enjoyed every second of it.
Crazy how this couldn't been avoided if they had hired a translator
WHY THE FUCK IS THERE HALO MUSIC 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
dont annoying me boy remove random crits
You really can tell a story, so entertaining!
This is the most insanely stressful and hilarious thing I've watched in ages.
Did anyone let the woman out of the box from the stage?? Lol
So do a vid on the police chief of Uvalde. He is large as coward as this captain.
The end changed it
wait whats the guys name again? скотина?
17:37 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why is this edited like a poorly paced ytp or scrapped together meme compilation?
Why is your pfp that stock photo meme from 2016
I saw a documentary on this
What does this have to do with the internet though
The ad I got before this video was an advertisement for a cruise line. Oh, the irony...
Imagine building that thing, literally with blood and sweat and a shit load of cash only for it to be captained by a dickhead and *whoooooops*
This video is now outdated
I liked the hallowknight theme
@Internet Historian  What's the song at 25:22 Edit: im stuped, it's Synergy - Geographer
32:12 Who is this moster?
An inevitable absurd conclusion of capital accumulation: A $570 million dollar ship owned by people too rich to care that their crew are completely untrained knuckle-dragging morons.
love the intro
12:09 whats the music name?
Did they let the woman out of the box???
This wouldn't have been such a disaster if it wasn't for the crash.
That woman..  The white Italian is what I call her..ugh she’s idk just… 😷
Schettino salga su quella nave!
10:16 Jesus fuck that fucking killed me 🤣🤣🤣🤣
He mentioned Rosalyn Rincon, the magician’s assistant who was stuck in the box, but never finished that story, what ever happened to her? Did she make it off the ship safely, or was she stuck in the box and left to die? When he briefly mentioned her, I couldn’t stop thinking about how scary it would be to get stuck in a small box slowly filling up with water
I hope people don’t think that all the crew are at fault or are as incompetent as Schettino and his little gang because it seemed like many of them decided to take initiative and help. The engineers obviously, the safety officer who told them to leave the engine room when the captain wouldn’t (which probably helped to save their lives because I don’t think staying in a flooded engine room that’s on fire for a prolonged period of time is very safe), the guys who were coordinating evacuation and were the last ones in the bridge who then were helping passengers, and other crew who decided to help like some of the waiters, entertainers, etc etc. Not everyone there was a complete bitch like Schettino was.
I love that everyone is driving super sport cars
What the hell ? It happened in 2012 ? I thought the incident happened in 2016 or something !
I can't believe I never heard of this.
Revisiting this after a few months, the first ad I get is for a cruise line XD like algorithm, my non-entity, I am watching a video about a cruise gone horribly wrong
Love all the work these guys do, but this one is their peak still.  Edit: 8:48 really? you got a copy right hit and had to change the music? bastards.
The halo 2 music adds to this a lot
Why do they say “lie to prevent panic.” Use half truths, let people know that there’s issues but don’t let a panic
Love how none of the passengers trusted the staff and they were completly right.
Anyone have any idea why they didn't just slow down during the whole turning ordeal? Maybe the QA answers that. If it does, I'll come back and answer my own question
Evil trumps motherlode every time
Its a really nice vid. But is there a version that has reduced sound effects or none at all? Its better to use when you are stuck with mono sound, or if you want to let someone else listen.
This damn excuse for a captain damn.
Lol, a lot of people died on that ship, LOL. SO FUNNY
Why did they send this guy who couldnt speak any english to drive the boat??????? If i was the captin  I woulda said nah im not doing this with him
46:48 / 46:48
io sono italiano la so sta roba
Loving the Halo 2 soundtrack
Everytime i watch this video i find myself initially laughing at how ridiculous the situation is until 18:30 hits and i remember how they kept lying to people and i hear that one kid crying Then i feel shitty for finding it funny
24:41
Corruption, mob money, lazy staff, a steamy romance, looting... Yep, it's Italy, alright.
The fact thst you warned me about the Ad made me less mad about it lol
Love that this video didn't render and the crew had to record it from the preview window. The Concordia curse lives on.
8:37 Ave Maria is copyrighted??!?
(28:50) iv been laughing at this clip for 20min. God damnit Correction: i only mad it another 15 seconds to (29:19) Dude seriously your killing me. The goosebumps song?  (40:30)
How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship?
Why did u change the collision music?
Should’ve gotten vip tickets to next years Costa Concordia
I really appreciate the humour in the video but it’s also great how how you are able to be more serious when it’s necessary
that captain is very punchable
Last cruse ship disaster since Titanic. Thats not true. These video makers should serch information, before video making.
31:48 is the best part
“No more 45 minute videos on the main channel” lol
le verità sommerse = the submerged truths 41:00
Such a beautiful video
Costa Concordia Rescue - Leaderboards: 🥇 Gregorio De Falco - Hero [21:48/38:51] (Calling Bullshit and Readying a Rescue Early) 🥈 Guiseppe Pilon - Chief Engineer [16:31] (Prolonging The Emergency Generator's Life) 🥉 Mario Pellegrini - Deputy Mayor [20:05] (Going far beyond The Duties of a Mayor) Honorable Mentions: Russel Rebello [23:51] (For Valuing The Passengers' Lives over His)  Costa Concordia Calamity - Leaderboards: 🥇 Francesco Schetinno - Villian [21:48] (Cocky Sail-by-salute and Cowardice Nature) 🥈 Jacob Rusli Bin - Helmsman [7:57] (Fucking up by speaking Indonesian in Italy) 🥉 Silvia Coronica - Third Assistant [5:26] (Complacency about HER FUCKING JOB) Dishonorable Mentions: Dominica Cemortan (You know why she's on the list) [21:24] Carnival Cruisers - The Corporate Entity  (Employment of Jacob Rusli Bin, Unsuccessful Cover-up Attempt Mid-Catastrophe, Cowardly Bail and Exploitation of The Justice System)
The Korean couple definitely heard an alarm or crash and then just ignored it. There isn't a culture of taking alarms or safety in general seriously in South Korea. People in South Korea will hear fire alarms and just stay in their rooms if they don't see smoke. As a result once a building catches on fire there are usually many needless deaths. It's the result of decades of cutting corners in industries and society at large that never went away. Two years after Costa Concordia there was the horrifying sinking of the Sewol ferry on the southern coast of Korea. Similar to the Costa Concordia, the captain abandoned a sinking ship but this time it was full of school children who were left to die by a much worse emergency response. To this day there are still huge problems with safety in South Korea such as last year when a construction site collapsed onto a busy road.
26:22 Tell that to Vincent Skullfinder
So many things that I just wasn't expecting, like Linus Shiptips
42:41 I like this edit for the gavel
I come back to this one from time to time. In my opinion it’s the perfect YouTube video. It’s funny and informative. Keep up the good work brotha!
Did YouTube seriously force you to replace the "Ave Maria" at 8:36?
Amazing video
This reminds me of that time I played sea of thieves
So what happened to the woman in the box?
I can't believe this is a real life sinking ship version of frostpunk fall of winterhome scenario, you got the 30 or so dead ppl but a lot of the victims still alive from that crash
I was born on 13 Jan 2012
42:13 - fled
25:22 isn't that adventure_4 - Goonstation and not Synergy - Geographer...?   am I just a mistaken asshole?(very likely)   which came first? the chicken or the egg?
So wait wait wait! You're telling me, that a woman from my country partially caused the sinking of a 570 million dollar ship? Idk how to feel about it.
*waiting for the prequel .........the sinking of the ms oceanos*
10:12
What happened to the co-captain?
You should narrate the Johnny Depp trial!
Sus
Thank you for introducing me to “Fall of Envy” with that clip of the “Dildo” song about going down with the ship!
i think i came.
Im sure the police took most of it
You mean the koreans were sleeping on the wall?
that Helmsman is my idol.
Word is the Biden admin hired the crew to manage the Afghan evacuation.
26:57 Clever
Court: Give testimony Jacob: Lmaoxd
as an italian, this is genuinely painful to watch.
this is my comfort video and I have seen it way more than I would like to admit :)
35:07 Hamlin Hamlin McGill in real life?????!?!?
I could watch this, on repeat, for the rest of my life and be happy
One of the best videos i have ever Seen😂
3.6 compartments, not good but not terrible
I don't think people give this deputy mayor enough credit. He literally ran onto a sinking ship to help people, thats not his responsibility nobody would expect him to do that. He just did that because he's a good person
40:17 so it’s likely to say he had to watch tifa porn
Love how the comments on the post at 31:49 can be summed up as leave the cockpit before you crash another transport
Linus ship tips bwahhaha
j
That Indonesian made my blood boil holy…
places i never expected to see geoffrey landgraab: - this video
What’s up with the new music  a the crash scene? Didn’t it used to be a different song?
fun fact, the captain Scettino is a H U G E meme here in italy
Well... He got 16 years that he now serves. No more abandoning ship and no more blonde mistresses for him 😂
Thank God that technician stood in tit-high water and continued to work the generator so that the captain could continue to lie to the coastguard
God damn this must have taken forever to edit.
On one hand, the fact that less than three dozen died out of several thousand aboard would normally be considered fortunate.  On the other hand, it confirms that if the captain hadn't lied for so long and actually taken action, no one would have died at all.
I have to admit, Domica might have been on to something regarding the Russian train sell in hindsight.
1:39 wait I thought Titanic can have four flooded watertight compartments
27:00 so this Australian guy basically invented the concept of nfts
31:37 that aged well for her
Love the use of the Halo Soundtracks
isn't it the law that the captain has to be the last one off the ship?
your "vada a bordo, cazzo" pronunciation is so bad it's awesome
very good investigation
Holy shit.. this makes speed 2 look like a Childers's story.. But also.. was the captain Todd howards brother? xD
I know it's a little overbaord but the Titanic could stay aflaot with four watertight compartments breached. Not two
30:42 - 31:00   That's what we call in Italy, a *Supercazzola* ,  completly illogical sentences to confuse other people on porpouse, usually for fun, but in this case not well accepted and justified
Im dead, dude youre too much
You know... this is actually by far the most comprehensive, technically accurate, detailed and efficient telling of this magnificent drama.
Ma che cazzo bro
Missing from the soundtrack list: Halo 3 - Luck
cant believe i will never get to experience martin the magician
"Ahh, the.... gym" Gets me every time
Digging the Halo: CE/3 and Dead Island music. Fits the tone super well.
a million dollars was all that it took to wave criminal trial? its multimillion dollar company wtf
I can listen to this man tell stories for hours. PLEASE DO A STORY ON THE TITANIC!!!!!!
2:10 is the best.
Italians 😅
I've watched a few reports and documentaries on this crash. But this has been the only one thorough enough to even mention the Captain's previous employment and incident history let alone the helmsman.  But holy crap the info you've given from the bridge turns what I already thought was a selfish idiot if a captain to an inept sociopath that ruined any chance of successful evacuation, by trying to essentially put out a grease fire with gasoline.... You're doing an amazing job of being insanely detailed with included context and delivering it in such a entertaining way is great.
25:22 ... is that music from the live action adaption of the Liar Game manga?
@8:35 I'm PRETTY sure that the music was different for this part.
Is it any surprise she became an activist? LOL
Here is a novel idea....reduce speed!!! When you are off course, stop the damn boat, get your bearings and resume course.   This Captain is an idiot.
the absolute sound of the bell hitting the water at the end takes me The Fuck out
brasil
what is the music that plays when the underwater pictures from the wreck are shown at about 24:10? It doesnt seem to be the Halo 2 music that the video description says...
ive listened to this 13 times now (updated), maybe one day it will surpass how many times ive rewatched the pirates of the Caribbean movies, truly the nautical short film of our time
You always know how to make a tragedy comedic while also acknowledging what happened
Wait what about the magician box girl?
Whoops! Looks like they had to replace the dramatic "O Mio Babbino Caro" with something royalty free at the moment of the crash.  Too bad, but I'd much rather they swap that out than not be able to watch this video. Odd that it took so long to raise an objection though.
Those contrast images of before and after remind me of Portal 2
21:38 Sounds alot like that "wah are yoh gae?" Clip
43:52 I thought I clicked on ltt accidentally 🤣
"I don't know what she's been up to; let me loo- oh no, god not again"
This is genuinely, weirdly enough, the *most comprehensive documentary on the Concordia that I've seen.* That's coming from someone who sat there and watched the painstaking task of just rotating the ship before they attached the air blocks (why can't I think of the word???) to the previously-submerged sides.  I bring that up because I genuinely passed up a Concordia documentary on Paramount+ because I remembered *this one is probably still the best one.*
Love the PUBG references!
1:14 1:28
Then LTT intro sent me
Totally accurate battle simulator
Crab😊
That little Linus Tech Tips thing was gold
This video is just brilliant i think ive watched it at least 5 times in its entirety
this is funniest fucking thing I've seen on YouTube in a minute 😂😂 Holy shit you have my humour down to a T
31:48 uh oh
Currently writing a report on this for maritime college, this has been insanely useful.
Internet Historian: No more 40 minute videos on the main channel Also Internet Historian: But have you heard about... Da Aliens?
There is no justice
Since I'm convinced that all channels like this get their information from Wikipedia, I feel even more motivated to fact check these videos. If I find the subject matter interesting enough, of course. This is why I love this channel so much. It makes me smarter.
The guy should have been sentenced for his whole life. 33 lives on his bloody hands and he always took the morally low way. Always. There is not a single remorse in that man and he shouldn't walk free ever again.
PLAY THIS ON 2X SPEED
PLAY THIS ON 2X SPEED
It costed tree fitty
That microphone flip tho 🤣
Dude played under the cover of night from halo ce
Lol.. "The deets".. (I think this is my 4th?.. or so re-watch of this video.. YouTube keeps "suggesting" them knowing full well I easily get suckered into re-watching videos..)
You did a better job than the Italian media. Never heard the guy who was driving the ship didn't speak italian and that schettino was a guard. The media for you
"martin has vanished" well yeah, he's a magician. They tend to do that.
Mind if i posted some parts to tiktok plz
i watch this video when i’m high and each time it’s a spiritual experience
”Ladies and gentlemen The situation is under control”  The situation was in fact not under control
Did the song changed? the one on the crash?
So its the womans fault? Got it
31:40 Domnica Cemortan campaigning against Putin's control over Moldova's railway actually made tons of sense
I love all the pasta flying thru the air when it hits...i'm sure there was pasta on every wall..lol
THE FUCKING LTT INTRO
31:19wtf
I remember saw it in the News, for around 1 Week it was the Top Theme in all New-reports. I specially remember that they reported any Dead Bodies they found, one Woman was laying somewhere at the Coast about one Week after the Crash.
Who knows where the hidden channels are?
I'm so glad I ended up here after being bored of things to watch.
never before bean
That Russian bit sure aged well.
Please so more ling viseos like this great
love your vids <3 <3
Geez, I've never been so engrossed by a YouTube video. This really had be on edge.
Schettino is like a generic antagonist character in a diaster movie who always makes the wrong decisions that make the diaster worse
*_8:40_**_ No way you changed music_*
The cost of Concordia sank cuz  the captain was drinking a bottle and making girls like him then it hits something then it sinks
This is an epic video thanks
Watching this video and then the Q&A has become my new comfort watch video right beside the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
This reminds me of the Korean ferry tragedy. I'm not sure how people can be so stupid
08:36 did you changed this song after the release of this video???!!!
Who else agrees that the montage of the pictures on the ship were absolutely chilling?
26:48 I mean the stuffs kinda gone for good lol like it’s been unclaimed for years.
1:40  Titanic could survive with 4 of her forward or aft compartments breached the two compartment rule only aplied to boiler rooms 4&5 (or 5&6? I cant remember) because the bullheads were lower at those compartments And Titanics sister could have survived even if 6 of their aft/forward compartments got breached (Britannics watertight doors were jammes because the ship warped after the mine detonated)
As an italian myself, I can confirm that the photo at 40:16 is a real shot of Italy's Parliament
I like pubg
After watching this video 2 times a month since its release, i can safely say that this is without a shadow of a doubt Internet Historian's best work and the best video ive seen on this platform. Outstanding work Internet Historian!
It always amazes me that even a small rock can be fatal for a big cruse ship
Those Concordia ship exploding edits get me lol
I imagine being in this situation and if they started talking like shit was under control I'd def be looking for plan B, bitch I saw Titanic years ago
Bro how am I just now finding out about your channel it’s golden
The music changed from the opera singer at 8:40? Let me guess, a copyright strike? ffs.
46:30... well the next video was nearly 40 minutes, so...
The deputy mayor rushes onto the sinking ship while the captain flees it. Jesus, what a joke this guy (the captain) is...
24:08 Titanic wasn't a cruise ship and I have no idea why people keep comparing every ship sinking to the Titanic
Where are the secret channels
inpaindaily
32:11 whose this guy with the chin? I've seen him everywhere but i don't know who he is
the oh my god not again made me die laughing
if only 30 people died it was less than estonia
Damn I was gonna skip that nord ad but… he got me
I honestly felt bad for the Capitan at first because the dude kept translating wrong but then he absolutely made up for it and fucked everything up.
After watching this video, I came to understand that there is only one force that can undo the work of everything. It can destroy centuries of work in moments, topple nations, destroy life itself, and destroy it's own kind. Of course, I'm talking about humanity. The biggest reason the Costa Concordia struck those rocks and ruined those lives was because of human vanity. The captain wanted to show off to 'his' lady, and wanted to be known as a good captain, when in reality, if he stayed away from the shoreline, that would've shown more maturity and professionalism than a half-baked stunt.
starboard 50 or we end up on the rocks!
Thanks!
maybe there should be a law that the helmsman and captain of a ship must have a fluent language in common
I remember the news back then. Couldnt stop laughing every time, cause captains name sound like the word 'bastard'(or more like old fashioned "brute" , but you get the point) in Russian.
This video was gold, as usual, with beautiful and subtle gems hidden throughout, but THE LTT SKIT AT THE END IS DIED lol
This is the true absurdist fable of our age.
Kudos is Based PROFFESSIONAL
Thank God they diversity-hired some invalid who they couldn't communicate  with. It would have been racist to hire an Italian or a European.
The narrator is awesome!
Italy...just pay government agents, judges and all is fine for the criminals
I was the one who ate that goddamn bell
17:36
Is this guy Michael Scott?
So, let me get this straight: an incompetent coward in command together with his diversity hire completely destroyed something that took many years to build in a single day due to their cavalier attitude, humongous hubris, and compulsive non-stop lying. What an amazing plot that I've never seen before in any other story both fictional and especially non-fictional! ... Oh ... L̴̦̭͋͝e̵̪̺̭͌t̷̟̰̠͑s̵̨̺̣͊̉G̵̟̰̕o̶̝͔̝̒̚Ḃ̵̖̊ͅr̷̹̆͋a̴̗̥̲͗͠n̵̙̈́͐̓d̶̤̼̒͒͜͝ơ̵͉̜͛̈́͜ǹ̵͔😒
The editing in this video is sublime, divine even.
"It even has a watermark."  This is the best joke Internet Historian has ever made.
28:49 I’m glad Brandon Rogers made it into this video
It's my fifth time to watch this video. It's so good and I absolutely love it
Amazing video, but I'm really sad about that spaghetti being thrown out of the pot. :((((((((((((((((((( 💛 It looked yummy how could you
The halo music was a nice touch
I have watched this 8 times
Moral of the story never put your life in an Italians hands or when you die no one will be found responsible for gross negligence.
It's amazing that the best part of this insanely good video is the freaking nord vpn ad.
Love the halo music.  (Edit: also, amazing video ha ha)
this is my favorite Internet Historian video. probably even my favorite YT video. I could watch this one over and over and not get bored. 💜💜💜
>pushed to block maldovas shares of railway to russia Based tho
I do have to say, is anyone noticing the subtle changes in the video the more times you watch it?
i like
The captain be like “time to abandon ship” -general grievous
So much white was lost The crack of the ocean Caused the spawning surge Need to do that again
Holy shit the ahoy hoy joke is SUBLIME! 36:31  In case you didn't know, there was much ado about the proper getting for phone calls back when they were being invented. Thank goodness “hello” won lol
you are absolutely butchering the hungarian names gotta work on that
Very well done. Hard to believe that this happened around 9 years ago.
what song does he use at 24:28?
Ngl I could fix her
You guys remember that porno pirates? It had that blonde chick
No idea how accurate this is, but I'd be dammed if this isn't entertainin. 3rd, maybe 4th time watching
Who say you are allow?
The fucking inside looks like Chernobyl
Lucky only 32 ppl died in this shit show
The fact that the passengers already had there vests on while the crew still had there thumbs up there butts shows how much of a mess this whole thing was
With how much time it took im surprised anyone was scared, feels like they could have waited & swam away
Oh god i love how He throws the Bell back to the Ocean
Over a year later and the ad is still one of my favorite things on YouTube to just come back to and rewatch sometimes
Kids always have energy. Kids when they run out of energy: 12:48
I've never been this stressed watching a video before
The Titanic, was not a cruise ship
What a coward.
The fact that the Helmsman got away with evading justice is absolutely infuriating.
Internet Historian on 17/02/21: "No more 45 minute videos on the main channel, back to 10-15 minutes and more of them,"  Next video is published over a year later, on 01/04/22. And it's 38 minutes long.  That line aged like... like... hmmm... what takes a year to spoil...  AHA, the line aged like the memory of the French revolution when the nobility of Europe went from "haha, France weak," to "oh my fucking god, they're beheading kings over there,"
I was playing PAYDAY 2 while watching this and I was doing a stealth heist. The music freaked me out.
5:58
This is me when the spaghetti gets broken before being put to boil
Internet Historian is probably the only YouTubers who can make the most entertaining ad ever
The music from 8:37 to 9:04 was different from when I first watched it last year. Was there a copyright warning/strike due to using "Montserrat Caballe - O mio babbino caro"?
I love how every long Internet Historian video is a instant hood classic day 1
An absolute fantastic video well done sir 👏. That is a subscrib from me
1:29 LOLOLOLOLOL
did anyone get the ad from sea of wonders on this video
I've seen this video three times already and I love coming back to it. One of the most entertaining videos on this entire platform, I swear
People died because of that incompetent, idiot helmsman and he got away?! I hope the cops track him down and he loses everything.
3:13 Can we give this man an award for the most subtle piece of comedy ever, when the captain bumps into the window is genius :)
15:49  "Wrong." LOL
That ship would've cost so much more to build today. I'm no economist, but I can even see that.
gd ff7 music always gets me
This is my personal favorite internet historian.
God damn the tifa incident hits harder when the hero of Italy is in the senate still
I’m not done the video yet only about 20 minutes in but I hope to God that this captain faces jail time and is permanently removed from the position of captain as it’s clear he cares much more about his career than he does the lives of the people on his ship
he got off easy if you ask me. should have been life in prison
The music at when the ship had collision: It was changed wasn't it? i remember it being something akin to an opera with a high pitch voice of a woman singing something.
I didn't know you were able to change a video like this without a reupload. The Song at 8:37 was clearly changed. There are stills oem reactions out there with the original song thank god.
Best ad read ever
The use of halo music was well used in this video
Fuck, man. Even the ad was good.
Might be a stupid question but seriously, why didn’t the captain just take over before the crash? A language barrier keeps being mentioned which basically caused the crash, so why didn’t the captain just take the wheel and save the whole ship? Why was he just standing there commanding the other dude? I’m not familiar with cruise ships but if someone was driving my boat and about to crash I wouldn’t sit there and tell him what to do lol I’d take the fucking wheel and handle it myself right?
Pewdiepie at 8:49
“No more 45 minute videos on the main channel” - next video is 38 minutes. Guess he was right?
“No more 45 minute videos on the main channel” - next video is 38 minutes. Guess he was right?
38:07 officially my favorite Internet Historian clip so far
certified hood classic
When I was visiting Italy our plane ✈️ flew right over it 😳 the Concordia.   So tragic! !!
Schettino - "Is there water coming in?"  Engineer - "Yes Schettino - "A lot?" Engineer - ". . . . . . . .IT'S THE FUCKING *SEA* YES OF COURSE "A LOT"!"
30:55 "Today's the second time i died" Oh sorry to hear you died twice and are still alive to tell the media There's 32 innocent people who only got to die once on the Costa Concordia
40:28 I heard the theme music from somewhere
10:50 ad over
Why does this video not have a publishing date?
your content saved me
30:18 I can't tell whether I'm impressed, moved with pity, or disappointed that @Internet Historian watched multiple hours of Drama Alert to form that sentence.
This will be played like bill nye in history classrooms, around the world, years and years in the future!
What a surprise, Italian politicians getting defensive and corrupt, just because someone gets a little more attention than you.
God bless heal and save you
I got an ad for a cruise on this video lol
man i love black boxes.
This was a year ago? Crazy!
I saw him several years ago near molo beverello in Naples. He was with his parents i Guess and was talking alone... I think he got mad After this
I hurt every time I see him mess up the spaghetti it looks sooo good
even the ads are interesting
The entirely of this video leaves me with only one question, What sound would a bell make when dropped off the side of a ship into the water?
The halo music makes this so much better
That "Oh God- Not again!" Broke me
~ Halo 3 ost ~
YOU ARE A KIIIIING!!!
this has become one of my favorite videos of all time and i rewatch it periodically. actual masterpiece.
43:51 the damn linus techtips intro got me good!
So you're telling me it took less time to recover the ship and dismantle it than it took to put the captain behind bars?  How sad
I’M ALLOW, I’M ALLOW
Ya gonna hoist the sail?
Wait really they had "My Heart Will Go On" playing at one point on the ship? There's no way that's just a coincidence, somebody saw their chance and took it.
let me just check on her insta- *oh god, not again*
The captain was a real piece of schett
27:53
Were you there?
So they drifted a boat into a rock
38:14 Cazzo means Dick head and no I don’t know Italian but I had a coworker that he used to call me that and he finally told me me what it meant.
I, uhh, I would totally steal the bell. And keep it in my room because it's cool.
In class today we had a guess speaker, he was president of this insurance company and he brings up the titanic on one slide, and I instantly thought of the Costa concordia, and BOOM, it was literally on the slide after. Never thought I would bring up/ reference an internet historian video, especially in college
The mistake was letting that man be a captain, he should have stuck to being president of Syria.
honestly, if Schettino didn't help people get on land we shouldn't really blame him. Should always leave to work to people that are actually qualified to that and he most likely would only stay in their way
Can I ask what happened to the lady trapped in the magician's cut-lady-in-half box thing? Because I'm not clear if she made it or not.
That music at @2:20
Love that you used GTA:VC and payday  2 music in the vid
goddamn this is so intense
And to think this all could have been avoided if the captain didn't try to go that close to land
I rewatched this for the 3rd time and only realised at 25:40 that he used an image of a mall I usually go to - Serangoon Nex, from Singapore. Idk why but it’s such a surprise to me
Rusli Bin lmao!!!!!
Removing the bit where you said you were gonna do shorter videos? Classy. :^)
Absolutely exhilarating. My heart was racing and everything!
8:35 What happened to the original music?
11:15
The cruise line should have been bankrupted over this and made to pay full reparations for their negligence allowing that moron to captain another vessel after the first incident.  Too big to fail is BS, the line owners should have been bumped off as well.
I didn't realize this happened, holy shit!  I'm glad the captain is serving his time but......man how awful to be on that cruse :(
“That’s right toots…your husbands dead… Merry Christmas” 😂😂
Nice LTT reference
The epitome of "from bad to worse"
I got a cruise ship ad right after watching this wtf
You reckon they fired this homeless man?
First Helicopter- an Agusta-Bell? that 2 completely different manufacturers. That's like calling the helicopter an Audi-Mercedes or a Boeing-Airbus
I suddenly don’t want to go on a cruise shipnow
"Back to 10-15 minutes and more of them." He lied as easily as he could breathe
My god this literally the seaquel to the Titanic. I mean we got: Superstitions Ignorant captains Expensive boats Sinking boats People dying Not a lot of life boats or something Water My heart will go on
xD Linus ship tips  .....it will be pretty hilarious if Linus is randomly watching the video
For real though someone needs to make a movie about this
This is my fast the most interesting video I’ve seen on this ship. 😆 wait it’s not funny... but it is.
lmfao that F Uncharted 3 footage, great video once again!
i love the ads almost more than the actual content
Every time I rewatch this, the sudden Hollow Knight soundtrack in the background smacks me in the face
Screaming women is my least favorite sound on the planet.
Just want to comment here that it's not exactly secret knowledge here in Florida that cruise liners have been running drugs. They've been doing it since the very beginning and most native Floridians that aren't completely stupid are aware. It's how most of the illicits actually make their way into the United States, unironically.
Interestingly this "port around" maneuver (except mirrored) was the exact same one executed by Officer Murdoch on the RMS Titanic. And when I say mirrored I mean that in 1912  the British used tiller commands so the "hard-to-starboard/right" order actually meant turn towards port/left back then. Nowadays, as with Concordia, turn starboard/right logically means turn to the right. Anyway the Titanic's initial turn left, to (hopefully) allow the bow to clear the berg, was followed by a full turn to the right to allow the stern to clear the berg as well.
"Coincidentally, at the restaurant, they're playing, 'My Heart Will Go On,' which is very much not helping the situation. " 🤣
De Falco is still in the Italian senate
43:57 shoula been linus decktips
That's a pretty incredible story.
Jesus Loves Yall and Is The Way To Everlasting Life🙏🤍✝️
This was amazing work, with funny editing, great music, awesome research and detailed report, and very soothing and professional voice work that hit the jokes and serious bits just right.  Amazing work!
This shit is better than any high budget movie or official documentary.
42:15 was the single best bit of dialoge in this whole video, and that's okay.
This is why you can never trust people in “Security”, especially the contractors.
Dude, I was on the Carnival Splendor. We lost power because of a fire. The ship was without steering ability or electricity for 3-5 days? I don’t remember exactly. Thankfully tug boats came in and pulled us to shore. I was younger at the time so I didn’t realize how much danger I was truly in. Im glad it didn’t go this badly… 🙏
You would think we would work out a way to even distribute engines and essential systems across the length of the vessel to reduce the chances of a breach critically TKOing the ship. Perhaps space the engines with a long shaft through each and some kind of fly wheel, dynamo, or some other mechanism that tends to hold momentum in a water tight module between each chamber to compensate for the increase in force needed to drive the shaft if one or multiple engines fail. A single engine may not be able to crank the shaft but the flywheel in between each chamber will lend their stored momentum to keep it turning. That’s all the remaining engines would have to do, keep the shaft to the prop turning long enough for crew to maneuver to safety
This was some piece of work🔥
Topic aside, fecking hell, this channel makes me so happy.
17:40 ok you even got tg5. Best english video talking about italian tragedy I've ever seen    Yeah I'm italian
Cheesey loaf
I'm afraid it's been... 9 years...
the people that died is very sad the rest is kina funny
If you ever do a video like this again, where you go into deep detail about a timeline involving bearing/heading numbers, one thing to remember is that sailors (either above or below sea level) don't just say the numbers. They sound each ordinal out individually. So if the captain wants a bearing of 315, he will say "bearing three-one-five" instead of "bearing three-fifteen".
Skin that fucking mafioso captain alive.
I love the “shut the fuck up” part of the ad
24 years of prison for 30+ people lives,thats bullshit
30:15 gold
This didn't even happen on the internet.
im guessing that one judge that got the company off of the charges goes on free cruises every week now.
it's the helmsman's fault.
This is what people stop to understand these days: that soldiers cannot be held accountable for the war crimes, it's their superiors, who gave the orders. Ships are the same thing, that's what they are militarized or at least have a military style hierarchy. Being captain is nice and all but when someone drowns or the ship sinks then you better get ready to go to jail. The best thing you can do is to stay on the boat until the end and attract all the blame of the others unto you, relieving them.
i swear i watch this, either by seeking it out, or by just letting the videos play, at least once a week. love the editing
The captain seems like such a bafoon
43:50 linusshiptips lets gooo
The photos of the abandoned, dilapidated ship set to Halo music is so simple but so so effective. Just beautiful.
To be fair, as much as De Falcos anger was justified, that wasn’t the time to be pissed off. He should have stayed calm and implored the captain. If Schettino was already stressed out and panicking yelling wouldn’t have helped.
I've watched this video numerous times but the Halo soundtrack will always get me. Glad to see that Martin O'Donnells music is still being used today.
Does anyone know what the original music used during the collision scene at 8:36 was? It was originally an opera type song but I am assuming was edited out later for copyright.
My favorite part is when Schettino is going down with the ship is an stoic and resigned way
This will be my third time watching this, I love these videos man
Anyone know what’s the song that’s playing at 24:19 onward? While showing the aftermath of the ship before and after sinking?
Titanic nerd here: Titanic was rate for 4 compartment not 2.
And here I am rewatching every single video of the channel after he posted again after half a year
This guy pops more content than Will Smiths wife cheats on him.
I will not lie, i would totally have stuffed my pockets. that is actually so awesome. a true testament to the virtues of humanity. I still want to go to the site and see if there are some goodies. edit: it is gone
46:01 "Ah.." LMFAO!
For a very good song that’s semi about this, listen to The Ballad of Costa Concordia
You're not allowed to make a film movie.
This is definitely not my 8th time watching this
24:20 looks just like Rapture from Bioshock.
This is a masterpiece of hilarity, buffoonery, and tragedy.
The copyrighted music is whack
What is that "ohmuhgawd" at 1:18 from? I cant find it anywhere
Come back. I miss you
Stupid people are dangerous. 33 senseless deaths.
fucking post brah *********HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM******************** I SUMMON A POST ALREADY!!!! ----- My psychic powers saw
even mykull reeves has beaten you to the upload race
Video? It's already April 1st for most of the world and you already posted it on Patreon lol
Michael reeves just called you out. You better pull a will smiff and slap your wifes name out his mouth.
35:20 I've watched this video at least a dozen times, but I only just realized he's talking about an elderly woman named Ilona, not, as I had previously misheard, an elderly woman who was a loner.   I... I have no excuse. I'm just dumb.
this made me really fucking tense great story telling
Michael wins the upload race
micheal reeves has called you out lol
Michael is faster L
Bruh even Michael reeves getting on to you😭
you just got dissed by Michael Reeves
25:10 - for meme-making reference
Comment that has aged like milk number 3267: "there will be no more 45 minute videos on the main channel, they will be 10-15 minutes long and more of them" - internet historian in his last video from twelve and a half months ago.
Waiting for the next Internet historian video is like watching paint dry at 0.25x playback speed
Why no more videos? :(
April 1st in Australia Youve crossed a line fren
RIP
Litteraly a whole arse year
Aww, YouTube changed the music of the ship crashing
WHERE IS IT I WAS PROMISED IT
Its been a year mate... Where is "more" ???
Jesus loves you
Well here we all are rewatching this video to prepare for internet historians new upload on the horizon
If your'e reading this, maybe a new video will be released in april, maybe? its about AREA 51, probably it's about the raid Area 51 in September 2019, can't wait to see the shutterstuck, 123rf and re-stock picture's again,
You should do a video on the Fall of Battlefeild 2042
For those who are wondering where he's been new video March 31st
Homie just dont give a damn about this channel no more….
26:24  "Who steals a big fuck off bell?"  Me, with the Taupo, New Zealand, Train's big fuck off bell in my bathroom: What a fucken loser, who would steal a big fuck off bell
Oh yea the whirly dirly lady at 29:18 🤣🤣 I remember the day it happened, I almost pissed myself at work from laughing so hard at her gettin the ole razzle dazzle 💀💀
His channel went down with the ship
cant wait for new vid
if this hiatus goes on any longer we'll have to dub you the new jontron
WHERE THE FUCK IS YOUR NEXT VIDEO
46:30 I sure hope you lads havent spent over a year on a 10-15 minute video
Starting to think this man is dead lol
Yo, you alive bro?
bro can you come back please
Your videos are always so greatly edited. Thank you!
The "oh god not again" was the breaking point for me xD
Bro straight up dipped
I have a feeling
31:48 "Oh god! Not again!" 😂👌
Wow. Great video! I knew this incident was bad because of Schettino and others doing everything wrong.... But not that bad! Never heard of all of this! This should have been mentioned in all media! But they all just wrote about Schettino, his GF, the ship going too close to the shore and Schettino leaving the ship....
@InternetHistorian , you should make a video about cyber attacks done to russia , also hackers from ukraine , especially 4chan users. Slava Ukraine!
42:21 the true chad
Hey shit make content
Bruh, whens the next internet historian video
That sentence seems really really lenient considering how badly he fucked up.
We lost another boys… another good creator goes under
its been a year not even funny anymore
Coming soon in the year 2030: Costa Concordia: the legend goes on ( Featuring the rapping cat and the giant talking squid)
It has been 1 year since this upload
2:11 Jumpscare warning (super scary)
PUT OUT A VIDEO ALREADY FFS. Nobody cares if it is expertly researched and edited like this one. Just throw one together dude. What the fuck are you doing?!
What happened to the music at 8:35? It's a totally different song for the crash scene and the Nord VPN skit.
Flash back to the time this video saved my family thousand's of dollars So internet historian uploaded this video during winter of 2021 at like 11pm The notification woke me up and I heard water rushing outside so I went and checked and the cold weather had caused a pipe to break But My entire family was asleep so uh then i got my dad up and we fixed the pipe with like the water key or whatever Thanks internet historian very cool
I actually went on a Costa cruise in the past when I was 8 and it was a very fun experience with no accidents lol.
the first 9 minutes describe how most companies are run today...
More internet historian vids pls 😀
This is getting ridicolous..... SHIP SINKED.
Holy shit, I cant believe its been over a year
Next video better be like an hour long lmao
This is maybe the funniest fucking thing I have ever seen.
“Back to 10-15 minute videos”  So that was a fucking lie
It's been over a year since Internet Historian posted 😭
Where the fuck is this guy?
Bro imagine if the magician never let the lady in the box out
0:09 me when the next Internet Historian comes out
Its been a year!
He takes a long time to post contact, but I’ll be damned if I haven’t watch this video at least 50 times this past year
Literally never leave comments on videos but this one is incredible on all fronts.
Quality over quantity take your time Dude
Fuckin upload another video dude
RELEAST CONTENT.  i watched this like a year ago
Something's brewing...
Please come back even on second channel
Make another video man it's been a year.
WHERE ARE THE VIDS?!?!?!?!
Should've repeatedly cut back to the old Korean couple snoring away  :-D
Is internet historian still alive?
as a Licensed American AB i still can’t believe the kind of idiots that commanded this vessel
4:36 The Alliance is sure not going to be happy when they see this revealed.
Where has this man gone
28:48 The best part
Y'know, the thing that makes me the most angry about this tragedy is that it could have been avoided. If nothing else, if Schettino would have just been honest about how serious this was, at the very beginning, then maybe more people could have been saved. (My poor brother has to listen to me rant about that angrily every time we watch this video)
IH: "Who steals a big fuck-off bell?"  Me: "...Apparently my father and his frat brothers back in college during the 70's."  Seriously, when watching this with my younger brother, we just looked at each other and went "Dad".
It’s been a year since he last uploaded. I hope he makes a 2hr long special that transcends me to the heavens with beautiful content
Dude wtf are you doing here
0:09 It's amazing coming back to this video and one of the first things he says is "It's been EIGHT YEARS"
Bro.... come back.
This Channel is so dead
Ngl thought this was going to be about Concordia the Christian university
Another video pls. Tyvm
The internet historian the actual goat of youtube
Why don't you upload to the secondary channel anymore?
the mayor did more then the captain.
The Cost of Internet Historia(n): So much waiting, but so much content.
No way its already been a year
seems like this video got edited?
What's going on? You haven't made a main channel video in over a year.
Titanic 2: Concordia’s cost
WHERE ARE YOU WHEN WE NEED YOU?!?!?!
I can’t stop watching this
Does anybody know the music that starts at 24:10 and ends at 24:58? Update: it's from Halo 3 soundtrack, the music itself is named Luck
i miss you!
Bout time for a new one eh
Please, mister historian bless us with an upload, we need you now more than ever! <3
...wait, how did he get out of jail?????
Stay gone
Im on a heroic dose of lsd just eating starburst an im so thankful for this video
You’re my favorite content creator of all time
Hey where u at
Spaghetti parts were so cringe
I found it odd you chose to wrap this 2 minute video around some weird 44 minute tangent about a boat, but either way I'm looking forward to your next Nord video!
"10-15 minute videos and more of them" Cries in 1 year since last upload.
The captain should have been hanged
Just doing my weekly check in to see if anything has been added to the main channel
I can't tell whether I should laugh or cry at how you can take something so terrifying such as what happened that day and turn it into a comedic classic  10/10, would recommend all my friends a subscription
Bout time for a new one eh
That deputy mayor is more of a leader than Captain Schettino ever was
First the captain didn’t sink the ship the co-cpatain who was steering the ship sank the ship bc you said he cocked at a degree of starboard side or port side and I don’t know why the captain was arrested I know that the captain has to stay on ship if sinking but that’s no big deal of just missing one
Mr. Historian, rest in pieces. thank you for history internet mr internet history.
Ah, “the Cost of Concordia.” Vid of dreams! It’s been…one year.
dude, WTF it's been 13 months.
Any day now..........
Just noticed the Payday2 music just now around 7:40
And this all happened because of a language barrier
Ironically enough, the surname of captain sounds like скотина, which in Russian means "cattle".
He has to do the flop of Battlefield 2042
Hey man can’t wait to see another video!   “Last online one year ago”
He is reincarnated as anime folks
Internet Historian is the Morgan Freeman of YouTube
why the hell would they even hire someone in a crucial position who can't speak English or Italian?
Wow I really like this guy, I sure do hope he has a consistent upload schedule
God this is good LMAO
Its come to the point i watch this once a month
30:44 Imagine having the audacity to get busted lying and then claiming "Today I have died the second time" in an accident in which actual people actually died. How ego-centric of an attention whore do you have to be to equate being caught lying to being locked in a slowly filling elevator, knowing you are going to drown in one of the most horrible ways at the end of your life?
drip or drown
Come back
Come back internet historian
Where are you
sshhh, came here from a Michael Reeves' tweet... Impressed by the content!! But hmm... who will go the longest without uploading...?
It's been one year...
i miss this Nigga like you would not believe it.
My man , its been a year since your last vid , where u at ?
The fact that his voice matches his profile picture perfectly is just the best.
Still classic
31:48 fucking hilarious
This gets wilder the more you watch
Its sad that this channel died
The number of Italian stereotypes in this video had me in stitches.... as an Italian. slips on ravioli lmfao
Haha wtf this is amazing (sad true story RIP to the victims) but I love this video. How am I just discovering this channel.
5:30 starts with the "OOOOOHHHH SHITTT" intensity music
Over a year to upload another vid on main.... dead channel xD smile
For anybody who's curious internet historian currently has four videos for the main channel in the works two of them have been put on the back burner for months now, one of the videos on area 51 is on second review and a video on Michael Larson is in the final  stage of editing since December, they also have 8 videos in the work for the second channel, there developing a game for some goddamn reason, and that's one reason why videos aren't coming out they're making a game and they're editing it's a real mess, my source you ask internet historians trello page which can be found on his Twitter which can be found in the description of the video
Baby come back! 🎶
1 year? bro do smth
This made me laugh so *beep* hard it felt like I got hit with a *beep* baseball bat! I wish I could afford to thank you at the $50 amount and if I could afford it I would do it twice! Your editing, script, visual gags, added up to the funniest damn thing I've seen in at least 10 years! Both on regular TV and the Internet! I subscribed and liked right away and even though I was too tired to pee, I watched 5 more videos and loved them too! Thank you for sharing your talents on YouTube! You've really made me smile, and made my week! Thanks again!  Mad Respect & Love from Northern California.
Is the sim at 9:03 nostalgia critic?
Where on earth are you bro
it's been over a year..........
Come on it’s been a whole fucking year, upload a damn video
10:20
Nothing says good business decisions like hiring people with no experience in the job/ only prior experience is fucking up on the job. Slap a healthy dose of language barriers and its just mwah perfect.
I'm confident I could pilot a ship. I could be a ship captain, except I would actually steer the fucking ship and not make some other fools do it in situations like these.
Every single person with a beard is a hero. Also 46:29 wtf man :)
The time put into the Keemstar edit is impressive. Well done editor
"1 year ago"
Hope to see you soon 🤠
"He doesnt post to main channel anymore!" internet historian
I'm waiting for the "The fall of Lost Ark" video lmfaoo
15:51, best 'wrong' I've ever heard
Newest video, 1 year ago  sad exhale...
10:23 “I took the steering wheel out too.  I let the road guide me to where I’m supposed to be” - The next Mathew Mcconauhey Lincoln commercial… probably
Why do you put the ads in the middle that's literally the worst spot for them
i was 12 when you last uploaded and now im 47
Fuckin WOP captain.
this is poop sauce pooring in my eyes! litterly just the worst bor also hey do you think the beatles are still good today or do you fuck with 100 gecs poop sauce for life!!!! it means love in dinosuar
>back to 10-15 minute videos and more of them  Well that was a lie
You know whats amazing as you live longer: you realize barely anyone does their job properly, even in significantly important roles.
I so desperately want more on this channel
so exited for your next video
YOUTUBE COPYRIGHT STRIKES AGAIN 8:36
Please come back :(
Last video over a year ago :(
WHYD Y'ALL DO BIG ED LIKE THAT AHAHA
It has been a year and this is getting kind of ridiculous
I just need to acknowledge how great this is. I still watch it again occasionally and it’s just superb. I love all of your other content too.
"you're really gonna drink all by yourself"   "someone has to"
god, and i thought fallout 76 was a clusterfuck
Bro internet historian should narrate audio books, I'll buy
31:04 "She used her fame in Moldova..." with "?? IDK YOU TELL ME ??" Well. I know where it is NOW thanks to certain current events happening in that part of the world.
Its been 84 years.
Where the new video???????
I've watched this at least 8 times now. This video is just such a masterpiece.
bro hearing about the staff of this ship is like watching a library burn
One of them is a sim
come on man, you gotta come back, plus, you need to keep uploading vids once your back
did you forget your password or some something?
I got engaged AND married in the time between Internet Historian Uploads looooooooool
Will you ever come back to this channel?
my spider senses are tingling, new video soon!
Football please
I need more NORDMAN!!!!
MGS2 music perfect choice.
New internet historian vid annnnnnyyyyyyy minute now
Post more vids
I remember seeing the Concordia in Genoa's port, and let me tell you it was fucking massive
Funny how i need to check this channel every 5 months or so just to remember that IT STILL EXISTS  Is the well finally dry for internet historian? Surely its not, the world is ending and the well is only filled not by water but by oil, blood, and piss from god what knows what.
Come back to watch this from time to time, top 5 YouTube videos of all time for me
Now I know I've watched this video too many times when I noticed the music at 8:36 was changed
No new video? OK, guess I'll just watch this for the fourth time and then spend a couple of hours watching incognito videos again 😆
One of the best YouTube videos I have ever seen
Wow what a video
My teach put this on in class. So thank you for that
So when is pools closed metaverse edition going to be made?
Internet historian Bro where are you at?!
you have to this same one for the evergreen debacle. i ve heard spicy spicy tales about the biology of the crew lol
41:10 Jesse we need to abandon ship
A whole year
When you went on Domnica’s Instagram and she was sat in the captains seat of an Airbus A320, your reaction was the same as mine on cue. 😂
come back
“Back to 10-15 minute videos and more of them”
Omg, finally new content!
I swear only this channel and ice cream sandwich can do ads in such a way that I actually want to watch them
POV this is your 4th time watching this video
Jesus Christ I thought the Friday the 13th January 2012 100 years after the titanic sunk gag was an exaggerated joke but wow, it really was that hilariously coincidental
You doing ok? You kind of fell off the globe and I'm getting worried for your safety.
When are you coming back 😢
16 years for killing 33 people thats nothing
RIP internet historian you will be missed
damn were only goign to get like 70 more video uploads in our lifetime
But when the world needed him most, he vanished.
"1 year ago"...
46:30 where them 10-15 min contents? It's been a year
I THINK THE REASON FOR THE WRECK IS A BLOWJOB 😂😂
We need more videos, please.
17:38 *Bing buh-buh-bong, bing, bing, bing-bong*
POST.
It's been a year and I miss you....
Soon??
“It’s been 8 years” me when internet historian uploads next
A little over 1 yr with no upload. Damn
come on make us new content please
What are these "secret channels" lol
That sweet... _maiden of the sea._ 🔔
we want a new one :)
it’s been 12 long months we need a new video from you .:)
Happy one year anniversary
just realized he hasnt posted anything in a year
That ad is more like... NoirVPN
28:45 my god is that funny as all hell
Uploaded a year ago. Crazy.
Miss u IH
It's been... 1... year...
Anybody know the name of that accordion song mixed into the background?
21:50 - For anyone who's interested, the conversation (or at least, _one of_ them) between the ship capt. and Coast Guard capt. was recorded and is on YT.  And the ship capt. does indeed claim to have "slipped and fell" into a lifeboat. 🤣
As funny as these videos are, they’re also extremely tasteful. You can hear the sincerity in Internet Historian’s voice at 23:54.
The shipping company must be staffed by idiots.
This is an outline for how pretty much all modern corporations are run. I mean, this is the official rulebook, isn't it?
Typical. Half a billion dollars for the ship, but only employ the cheapest people you can get. Rock bottom prices. Yep. Guaranteed to fail.
its been a year man
Broooooooo where you at
Post something nerd
ummmmm............. its $50 actually.. b( not that i wathced the video)
I demand you upload a new video.
i just can't explain how your video are extremely funny and informative at the same time, it really is a kind of humor that resonates with me and i find it hillarious, please don't ever stop making videos !!!!!!
Sube mas videos joder, ya me vi todos los del canal en todo este tiempo que andas inactivo >:(
Pilón was a real one for making sure the generator stayed on so the ship had power for communications
IH must have a really good day job, he could be making massive $$ if he dedicated himself to the channel.
I wonder if immediate power of the bow & stern thrusters would have been enough to push them out of the way. The captian is an idiot but what could be done if another captain was placed in this position.
i have seen this 100 times by now and i can swear here 8:40 was compleatly deafrent music
thank you for taking a break from the weird ass 4chan shit, you are so talented, make more of what YOU want. this was great
14:25 Got me good!! 😂🤣
For so many moving parts, it's impressive to see someone or some people look at every single possible thing that can be done wrong, and do it wrong
Yo can you hook a brother  up with a video
what is the music at 6:16
Rest in peace Internet Historian. You left us too early.
Our two year plan is half way up
I like how when the ship "hit" all the carnage in the reenactment is just food flying everywhere. Love it.
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10-15 minute videos and more of 'em"  *never posts again*
this was in my recomemded for 10 years i finaly decided to watch it
Has anyone got a copy of this video with the Opera music when the ship hits the reef?. I've noticed that the music has changed probably because of a copyright complaint, but the original Opera music sounds so much better/funnier.
oh man i lost it at linus ship tips
is it already been a year? damn...
It's been an actual fucking year dude....... you okay?
I did the math on it and he was 0.28 miles from shore which is outside the safe zone of 0.35 miles
43:55   The Linus Tech TIps intro killed me man. LOL
It has literally been over a year since this mf posted
I think he's dead.
The ads in this videos send me
I'm ready for another episode
But when the world needed him the most, he vanished..
hey dad pls come back
*STOP the canadian meme truck video project, its already dead in the water(release it later if u must) START the WW3 video conflict NOW.*
soo that thing you said about shorter videos but more often.... that was a fucking lie wasn't it?
I BEG YOU TO COVER THE CANADIAN "FREEDOM" CONVOY   Protestors freely protesting for "freedom" that turned into a full scale occupation of Canada's capitol
Achievement Unlocked: " Capitano Besto Ravioli Ravioli Mama's Pizza Sauce"  Lmao
It's been a year upload already
Man GTA 6 got confirmed before internet historian uploaded another video never thought i'd see the day
I think he forgot his password guys
Putin is looking for the new IH video. Please upload
haha when the shiped honked its horn
a year has passed and there is still is no new video
Internet historian will have a field day on the Putin Ukraine story
Quick question are you still alive my dude? I miss you :'(
Are you alive?
post-disaster Costa Concordia really do be looking like a portal 2 area
I feel like the focus on the captain's lover was unnecessary. Like, yeah, she's kind of a memeable person, and their affair casts the captain in an even worse light, but his shittiness as a captain is more about him alone than her.
A fucking year
Im am very sad to announce that Internet Historian (aka by his real name Insee Field) has passed away while fighting for BLM in Ukraine. May his soul roam internet history forever. rip...
"Back to 10-15min videos and MORE OF THEM"
As much of a twat as he is, big ups to the captain for *almost* saving it.  In all seriousness though, RIP to those 33 people.
sPICY 💁‍♀️🌶️🔥
8:36 what happened t Ave Maria?
ITS BEEN A YEAR
It's been a year. Come on, do something...
Didn’t know a historian could be such a memer
"Back to ten to fifteen minute [videos] and more of them."  >A year later, no new videos, lol.
I wish you were still posting on this channel.  So many good stories out there.
I can't believe it. First it was Sam O'Nella Academy, now it's Internet Historian 😥  Why have my favorite YouTube channels stopped uploading? Who's next?! Oversimplified?! Half as Interesting?! Daily Dose of Internet?!
Here's a really dumb question that probably won't be answered: Why are the engines below deck?
Holy shit it's been a year?
Still waiting for another masterpiece that is soon coming out of this channel. Very soon…  Anytime now…  Please…
Ah yes talk about a sarcasm gasm here.  In all seriousness, RIP to the lost and best wishes to the survivors. They just wanted to have a nice uneventful vacation, not fight for their survival under extreme circumstances thanks to this selfish dumbass who should've been fired years prior.
The true cost of Concordia was the main channel never getting uploads.    And the people that died of course.
This video is already 1 years old?!??!?! dam i thought it was like 6 months ago wow please upload again
8:36 let it be remembered, this song was changed because of BS copyright reasons
hey mate, it's been over a year since your last upload.. are you alright? i'm kinda worried about you man, this isn't like you. i miss you. im here if you wanna talk.
I knew something was up with these before after pics.... if you look at 24:38 and the previous intact version of the room u can see its a completly diff room because of the sprinkler smoke detector and ventilation fan on ceiling ...it was bugging me because the after pick has this giant rail with a guard rail on it in the top right and it made no sense how its paussible for this to be in before after...but by looking at the fixtures on cieling and location of the only exhisting one in the after footage u can tell its to totally diff rooms in the ship just semi identical layout...only reason i starte dlooking at this was cause i was totally confused how ther 2 lawn chairs in the room and one is closer to the room entrance?
its rolled over right... why are there bottles chilling at 24:28 ...? up writed makes sense for the hanging light,,, it would go with gravity but the bottles all still ...?
That is exactly why you dont hire sims characters as a ship crew, its not racism just facts
Varus part 3 when?
1 year still no upload
whens the cyberpunk video?
It has officially been more than a year since last Internet Historian video. He even stopped uploading to secondary channel. RIP [*]
It’s been a year
22:38 "Under Cover of Night" from Halo Combat Evolved. NICE!
I even enjoy the fucking ads I dont see anyone else making content like this. Great fucking job mate!
Has this been changed? This seems to be different from when I last watched it.
made 1 year ago...
The translate of "Le verità sommerse" the book Schettino wrote is "The Underwater Truth". Yeah.. Funny.
I know it's quality over quantity. But it's been over a year
39:03 oh shit, Colombia is the number 5 on distrust in government!  Hmmm yeah, seems about right 🤔
The last time he uploaded was when I pre ordered the bible
He has not uploaded in a year.
Now we need the battle of 42... Day 2
I love how he said he'd make shorter videos so they don't take forever to come out and hasn't uploaded in over a year lmao why do I stay subscribed to this guy?
We need you back. Now more than ever.
wya?
This was the most informative video I have seen on the Costa Concordia.  The light tone and humour does not hurt it one bit.  I enjoyed this very much.
I think the helmsman is to blame
"Shorter videos and more of 'em"  💀
Some of the only videos you can watch multiple times
The idiots hurting themselfs are so funny
1 year my dude.
Happy 1 year since last upload!
You should do a video about all the problems at Vail Resorts this year!
So, this channel is a deceased one, right?
i swear the next Internet historian is about ww3
Linus Ship Tips broke my sides
Can’t wait for internet historian’s video on the inevitable Ukraine memes
My god its been a year+ since this was uploaded
Just realized the collision music scene got changed, copyrighted strike?
Come back please… I miss you…
the engineer was wendigoon
Its been a MF year waiting for the next juicy video drop waiting for you to Finnish playing Minecraft while you wait for your video to render in the, now Russia is going to start WW3 after Tea bagging Ukraine's corpse and I really need something to laugh at before I get drafted and become apart of a statistic similar in size to the amount of time it takes for you to post a video.
Come back
NEED MOAR
Dude, come on, it's been a year
In all seriousness, the Concordia disaster was a damn tragedy and I feel awful for those who lost friends and family in it. Absolutely awful.  But Historian's editing is GOD-TIER. I would watch a whole damn movie about the entire human history made by him.
It seems everytime I see any sort of criminal or political case from Italy, it's full of corruption and nefarious decisions.  Is Italy really this big of a shithole?
This is honestly one of the best videos I've seen on Youtube, the production, the humor, the wit, the sass, the EDITING. I keep coming back to rewatch. Marvelous!
please make more videos
HAHAHAHa love the Halo music at about 2240! nice
Rewatching this for the.....Damm I lost count.....time. Just need my fix of IH for the day lol
No man can be that awful at his job if it isn't something he's trying to do. That moron must have had some sort of insane obsesseion with crashing and sinking ships - like a pyromanic.
its been 1 year since internet historian last uploaded..........
oh my country ha sno laws against insurance fraud?
What happened to the magician's assistant in the box?
I thought The Titanic was able to still float with 4 of its compartments flooded?
Damn they did that captain dirty to demote him! But truly believable as it's very normal in a corrupt country for your boss to screw you over cause he thinks you stole his spotlight. So sad
It's been a year pal, I'm scratching my veins with my cravings for more dedicated IH content! <3
It's been a year mate, wouldn't be surprised if someone made a history video on you.
You know platonic relationship. I pack lingerie and avoid a ticket to the ship. A friend   Who the fuck did she think she was, telling a survivor to not film?!
When are you coming back Daddy?
Historian are you trapped in a covid camp where are you
"You're not allowed" Says who B ITCH.
More like no videos on the main Channel. Historian you could literally fart In the mic and get 200,000,000 views
I can imagine the historian making a video about the fall of battlefield in a year or 2 from now
This masterpiece is now a year old. Wish it a late Happy birthday!
0:09 me when internet historian uploads a new video
Me, an american: uhh wehere videos on main channel?
I’m waiting for the bf2042 video,and how people just shit on it because people were tired with copy and paste triple A games
This is insane! The server Russel Rebello was actually the waiter appointed to our table during a 7 day cruise i went on with my family around 2008. To see his smile like that gave me the chills!  I showed my mom and she was stunned about this happening to this wonderful man! RIP! I’d recognize that smile a mile away!  He actually snuck me a bunch of lobster and even taught me how to get the tail out without ruining it!
On the first note, I’m sorry and it’s unfortunate this happened. RIP to all who died, and it’s sad to see such a beautiful ship in such a state.  On the other hand, I think this is my favorite video of yours so far. Funny but still respectful to those that died, plus very informative.
1 year already... We are waiting for you IH ! I'm in need of new stories with photoshop animations
WHAT THIS IS A YEAR OLD?
One FUCKING year!
Where is the next video, historian
0:10 Usual time in-between IH main channel uploads.
Been a year since he passed rest easy IH
@linustechtips you might want to skip to 43:50 on that video ;)
how can this video have so many flags!!!
in fairnes of schetino, a big part of the job on cruise ships, especialy for the officers, is sosiolizing with the passangers
"Back to 10-15 minutes videos and more of them" Damn that sure aged well
honestly the captain having an affair with some lady is the least bad thing about this story, idk why so much time was spent discussing it
And when the world needed him the most, he vanished.
I can't help but notice now that the Ilona email says "xoxo" on the bottom. I can't tell if this was made up or if the old drywall really did send it like that lmao
i am less mad about historian not making a video for so long but THAT ANOTHER YEAR HAS ALREADY PASSED! THE FUCK, TIME, SLOW DOWN!
This is SO much cooler than Titanic
Best ad read
Stellar use of Halo music I never would’ve thought it would fit so well in the context you used
This was remarkable, I enjoyed every minute of it
34:57 no..... its Linus Touch Tips
21:38 i cant believe she said that........  . if she was smart..... she would shut up and act like a normal passigner instead of bossing people around like she is the fucking captain...... sorry, i mean "like she is fucking the captain" . . . but that sentence alone PROVES that she was sleeping with the grease ball  that alone PROVES she was on the bridge . like.... that little sentence is WAY WAY more important than people think
ya... that Helmsman is REALLY who is at fault here . like, duh.... the captian should be in jail for the rest of his damn life but the policies that allow such an idiot to be able to drive a ship are outstanding
give us another video, its been more then a year
dear mr internet historian please come back
Make another video, or fight me. Your choices have been given, I expect an answer
It’s been a year 😞
We need a NFT video from this channel ASAP
When is the next one?
is it suppose to be "jacob bin rusli" which is a more proper naming for indonesian  With also the proper usage from the language it self "Mestinya jacob bin rusli ngentoooooddddd" 🤣
Just WOW, I have seen this video now 28 times, everytime on purpose. YOU Dear Sir have made a movie far better than any hollywood movie could ever be. Astounishing how photoshop can be this entertaining.
38:49 not a pun, we commonly use "un mare" (literally "a sea")as a figure of speech to indicate a great quantity of something, in this case a great quantity of consequences
what's that song at 24:20? it's from halo i think, but it's none of the tracks IH has  listed there.
Wait, did they change the music in the scene where the collision happens?
His next video better be banger
Huh. Rewatching this and I noticed some of the music was changed. I assuming it’s because of YouTube copyright nonesense.
Mind boggling they got off scott free. Cruise liners are a blight on the ocean
We are ripe for another video, professor.
I’m having trouble comprehending the fact that it’s been a literal year
Great use of the Hollow Knight music. What a classic.
Not to be insensitive, I know this is an important event and people died, but has anyone ever told you how sexy your voice is?
Bro, when's the next vid😂
Never was explained how the eff that helmsman got the job and pissed he got away. But great video!
Make a new main channel video so we can all watch it in one day and go back to begging for another main channel video.
where u at bae?
would've been fuckin' sick if they just barely missed though. too bad they didn't and many died.
please come back wont you
it would be kinda funny if you were trying to take a shit when the lights turn off in the whole ship
Please do not make fun of peoples English.
Bitch is over a year, upload something
31:34 real classy. And I was just excited to have found someone new to watch on youtube. Unsubbed
When you showed her instagram picture at the plane's cockpit I was genuinely terrified
lol. the sound track during the hit has been changed xD
41:01  It actually means, "The Submerged Truths" for those wondering
i have watched this video at least 5 times now. my favourite on youtube. truly a masterpiece.
IH: "back to 10 to 15 minutes videos o main channel and more of them" ONE year has passed since...
wHeN aRe YoU uPlOaDiNg AnOtHeR vIdEo M80
Something tells me that this ship was poorly designed.
Exactly on 8.5.2006 I predicted this disaster in detail. Even, that the bottle will not burst. Tereza Maxova should do it in June
This video is class, and the halo music made it funnier
One of the only creators I watch where I don't skip the ads
Oh my god this came out a year ago?
new video when?
41:01 that either means "the truths were submerged" or "the submerged truths" depending
Coming back to this video because its been a year since the last post and I miss internet historian videos
LOL, it shows the captain scaling the ocean wall!!!!  ALSO: that rando Korean couple
Impeccable editing, even down to the tiny sound of Rose dropping the gem in the ocean. @46:02 unmistakable. 👌
wow its been a year since IH lost the password to the main channel.
is IH dead?
Happy late anniversary 🥳
Bro da sims make it so much better
Honestly the hardest part of watching your videos is that it’s exactly my humor to a fucking T and I have to live with the knowledge that you’ll never take my hand in holy matrimony
Fucking love this channel
Titanic 2 : The love is devil
Over a year D:
That moment you realize how perfectly Halo music goes with ship sinking disasters.
Uploaf
25:11 that looks so delicious wtf, as a uni student im pissed you wasted that...
name a more Italian story, I'll wait
Please upload more 😟 I love watching your stuff late at night but I’m running out of content my man
It looks like ih took out some of the jokes :(
What's the song he uses at 9:22 ?
I pray every night and every day that you'll release a new video they have yet to be answered
It's been a year since the last video
I love the quality over quantity . . .  but this is a bit long
"Oh God not again" funny
This channel just up and died wtf
My god linus ships tips I LOST IT
one year since the last video... :(
Late congratulations on over a year with no main channel uploads, IH!
As Winston Churchill probably never said: The three great things about Italian cruise ships, the food is spectacular, the service is superb, and, in the event of an emergency there is none of that nonsense about women and children first
The one year anniversary of the last upload of this channel was three days ago. Let us celebrate with NordVPN.
The thing I can never get over is the suit thing, what in the hell was he thinking, was he trying to make it so people wouldn't recognize him as the captain, so he could sneak away and make it so no one could find him/turn to him to handle the situation? In the grand scheme of things it's minor but it just stands out to me.
10 year anniversary of the Concordia, and a 1 year anniversary of this magnificent video.
Enough is enough, just release the new video, this is bullshit!
Next video when? :D
it's been a year. damn.
It has been more than a year since this video aired with no videos since.  Internet historian is officially dead
I would ♥ to see a video on Seattle's CHAZ/ CHOP or Kyle Rittenhouse done like Shia's [He will not divide us] vids you did.  🤞you still have 🥜🥜🦍
the lady who was stuck in the box for the magic show??? jesus christ
I can’t help but notice a change in the music when they collided. What happened?
We need new videos
Why are there French Fries in the thumbnail ?
It's been 10 years since the tragedy. And by the way, happy 1st Anniversary of this video!!!
Happy 1 year anniversary to this video!
Nice to know we Indonesians still excel in fucking up.
Holy shit this is a year ago start posting again
This is really upsetting but really funny at the same time....
happy birthday to you
Ok JUST discovered you!  Brilliant and Hilarious.
One year
It's been a year
Does anyone know how much does it cost to buy a ticket for the Concordia ? I couldn’t find it even if i googled it.
Of course the threats would be made over facebook  r/insanepeoplefacebook
Man, a whole year, it feels like he uploaded this yesterday.
Internet Historian: we need you more than ever ….the war of the war of the Lord of the rings: JRR Wokien must be stopped
Small note but that's a mall in Singapore that was shown at 25:40, pretty cool
LinusShipTips
"back to 10-15min videos and more of them" Me a year later: 😭
1 year
It's been 1 year
Damn I'm used to waiting for new content but Jesus you dead man?
the rewatchability of these videos are insane👏🏽
I am begging for a video on the horrid of failure of battlefield 2042 eventually. Please, pretty please 🙏
It’s been over a year. You’d think this channel was abandoned, But it’s anything but. IH and his team are hard work. To give us a lot more videos this year   (not hard to do a lot more since they’re competing against 1)
46:30 This didn't age well
43:49 Oh LOL, that Linus ship tips 🤣
Dude went an entire year without making a single video for main, transcended
the captains ex you say used her fame from muldovia... you cant be very famous when your from muldova so tells you alot about why she was with that guy lmao
ive played mgs2 so many times that i didnt notice the alert theme when the ship was sinking lol if i was on that ship, i think id be 18 just, id definitley have not taken it seriously and acted as if it was a metal gear solid 2 prologue mission
no fine dining and ballroom dancing on the concordia! they do buffets and gambling! my kinda ship to sink with
After watching the "No Man's Sky" and "Fallout 76" videos before this, I'm wondering if you just review shipwrecks on this channel?
Rest in peace
Time for a new one ay.
One year ago today this was posted, dam.
A year ago...
The Costa Concordia shipwreck looks like the place where you would find really rare items in an open world zombie game
31:49 Second comment says:  "For goodness sake, please stay away from the cockpit of that plane"
THERES A "GENTLEMAN PIRATE" HBO ORIGINAL COMING!! and yes, I do believe you're the reason they thought to make it
Damn this next 10-15 minute video must be really high quality if it's taking longer finish than this 46 minute video!  In all seriousness, always looking forward to the next video regardless of how long it takes
This is worth watching both ads all the way through for.
It's been a whole year. Try writing the password to your account down next time
I want Internet Historian to use his gentle voice to tell me stories at night.
Well this is some quality content I wasn’t expecting
is this a real voice or is it a program ? it`s so nice to listen to
holy sh*t, it's been a year?!
This Chanel is dead feel free to unsubscribe
its officially been a year
365 days
happy birthday video !
this has alwaise been a major problem in Italy , some fucking IDIOT being put in a position of power and authority just because he/she is family or friend ..
its been a year... time to go to incognito!
that couple who slept through the commotion must have had the greatest sex ever put them out cold
A year with no historian, im truly lost
today it has been exacly a year since the Internet Historian uploaded his latest video The Cost of Concordia
Yo Hurry up with that cryptoland video XD
Celebrating the first anniversary of this Video!
1 year, god damn
I'm still appalled that Carnival Cruiselines managed to slip out of actual financial responsibility. They were the ones that let that stupid helmsman get his job, they were the ones that let Schettino keep sailing after causing two other incidents, and they were the ones who refused to properly compensate their passengers despite having more than enough money to do so.  I would not put it past someone to commit domestic terrorism for not just what happened to the Costa Concordia, but for all the other shit they pull.
Happy new year!
Today marks a year 😁
We have officially hit the 1 year anniversary of no main channel uploads
This is 100x times better than any Netflix documentary.
Dude, when next video?
It’s been a year, my friend. We need another video.
The cost Concordia -ship of dreams- it’s been 1 year since this video
new video please @internet historian
RIP internet historian
How the fuck is this a year old? I think I'm about to have an existential crisis...
My man lost his password to the main channel for one whole year.
A whole year since the last video
Happy 1 year anniversary i still remember as the first day i saw a horse
Happy 1 year anniversary to this amazing video.
One year with no uploads?i imagine the video he's currently working on will be amazing
This captain sounds about as competent as Zap Brannigan .
Watching the video again for the one year anniversary of it another great piece of work from him and his team can’t wait for the next Vid!
Happy 1 year since an Internet Historian Main Channel upload!!
Exactly one year ago
What editing software do you use? The edits are really good!
Wow, 1 whole year since this was uploaded
24:14 Largest disaster since the Titanic? Andrea Dorea?
It has been 9 years
one year anniversary
Can’t wait for the Area 51 vid coming out next
A year ago you posted a video
The Internet Historian, channel of dreams, it’s been 1 year.  I can still smell the Mountain Dew from the polls and contests *sniff.  The ball pits and No Man’s Sky have hardly been used.  Ah the  Failure of Fyre Festival, The Fall of 76.  The videos of her 6 part HWNDU hilarious series haven’t even been re-recorded.  Internet Historian cost 3.37 million subscribers to build, and you could tell, you could really tell.
ayo happy anniversary The cost of Concordia!  video of dreams.. its been.. 8 years..
Woo! One full year of zero new uploads! I hope the record keeps going for another year!
You know in the end it seems like Schettino in the end did go down with the ship as the company and all his crew abandoned for personal gain and to deflect responsibility.
You should make a compilation of all your ads. That NordVPN ad was hilarious 😂
My name is francesco schettino, and welcome to jackass
One year
Happy anniversary.
1 year anniversary! Still just as good as always.
A Very Happy Anniversary
I thought this was about paying for Concordia college in Moorhead, Minnesota
1 year baby.
That was 10 years ago?  Man, do I feel old now.
One year, that’s crazy
He dead?
I wander will he come back before the 2-year plan plus 1 additional month expire.
this cheeky old man makes me wish there were more documentaries that were good
Soon is the one year anniversary of this legendary video
damn, 1 year old huh?
still great 1 year later
Bro, where the hell have you been?! The Chaz occupation, January 6th, the entire Biden admin, Trucker protests in Canada!?  How could you have abandoned us in our greatest time of meme?
One year anniversary
When you said no more long videos, did that mean NO MORE VIDEOS?! Where in the absolute F*CK are you????
it's been 364 days. taika waititi has uploaded his trailer for the blackbeard movie. i think the coast is clear. you wanted to do a video about that boat that got stuck in the panama channel. remember?
U must have dids of covid. Rip
One year!
The picture of dominica in the cockpit had me dying lol!
1 year anniversary…
"Hey! You're not allowed to film our evacuation!"  What are you gonna do? Throw him off the ship?
It has been a year, I hope Jacob rusli bin is okay
Those who forget internet history are doomed to repeat it.
Happy one year anniversary to the Internet Historian's last uploaded video.
8:36 The original song for this part is "Montserrat Caballe - O mio babbino caro". It is still credited in the description.
POV: it's 2022
A year ago
1 day for the 1 year anni, cant wait for the more frequent uploads
I know you said no more long videos, but could you please keep doing long videos? I love the format. This is definitely one of your masterpieces.
Here for the 1 year anniversary!
Please do a video on Just Some Guy Without a Mustache
well its been one year and we only have received some second cannel videos where are the main channel videos
Dude it's been a fucking year...     UPLOAD!!!
The 1 year anniversary of no main channel uploads
Longtime fan, but just went back and watched the whole catalogue today and I gotta say, what a profound series. From top to bottom, not one video I've disliked. Despite these higher quality videos taking forever to create now, it's like Christmas when a new one drops cuz it's a big reminder of quality over quantity and I'm impressed everytime. God bless you and your work.
8:36 The music changed. What a shame.
It's been nearly 1 year... I can't watch this video another 20 times bc there is no new one 😔
ok jokes over make a new video
This guy could narrate a snail race and make it entertaining.
let the internet bow down before its master, for we are not worthy of the lols
and he was never seen again
pls make ur videos shorter, possibly around the 10 min mark
Here's hoping for another video this year
Costa Concordia, it's been..... 1...... year.....
The ending bit with the "big fuck off" bell had my crying of laughter
2:34 "You are not allowed to make film or a movie..."  Pisses me off every time people say this in public. Who says it's allowed? It's public space, Karen: The law allows it.
One more day....
To be fair guys, he is currently working on a 2 hour video about area 51. Well he was in December at least, don't think he's dead yet.
Tomorrow will make it a year since the Internet Historian last uploaded. I miss him. His other channels are great though.
I can't believe it's already been a year, I was stuck at my brother's place during the huge ice storm, I found your Channel when I watched the fallout 76 video, then I found this one which was posted only 10 minutes ago at the time!  2 unbelievable videos in one night at the time.
Guess what. 11 months and there is still no sign of a new video
love the video! would also love to see some captions
This is one of my favorite channels on YouTube. The definition of quality over quantity, but it sucks having to wait an entire year for a video. It's a bit ridiculous
Anniversary in two days guys, get the lightwood laminate cleaned and prepare the festivities!
I love my yearly upload
This guy needs to narrate over murder mysteries or serial killer documentaries
One day we will get a new video, but that day is not today, not tommorow. All we can do is wait...
keep making things. keep making keep making. me want maor
Lmao im indonesian and it is kinda surreal how i might be able to encounter jacon rusli bin without me realizing it
...love your sense of humor....
lmao 1 year
...a few others should have done time, the lady cruise director spouting lies "the ship is noticeably list ...and she everything is great ....10 years for being such a company woman....people got dead following her advice....
...they really played "my heart will go on",  really, the irony is dripping...
...also I was glad to hear some of the crew stood their posts and saved lives....
...the captain was to full of himself, a handsome and dashing figure, looks great in the whites, he was hot dogging with the lives of his passengers, and another ship which the captain and crew split and leave the passengers to die, glad they did some jail time.....I can't abide a cowardly actions in a crew, he didn't have to go down with her, but stay and help til the water is lapping around your ankles...
He has to be dead or trolling everyone, Or both I could see both
@Internet Historian For your next video, you have to cover the LOTR Rings of Power debacle. You know. In twenty years or so m8.
almost a year, imagine being a Patreon because you like this videos...
The anniversary is upon us... My body is ready...
Remember when this channel used to upload videos? Those were the days.
wtf is this oh jesus
This contained quite possibly my favorite in-video ad.
2 more days until it's one year without a main channel upload. Come on, big bucks no wammies!
Valentines day, we miss you! Incognito mode in all honor but...  it isn't the same.
Hey so uh... we are coming up on a year withought an upload bro... I'm not mad just disappointed and somewhat heart broken...
Damn the hollow knight music hits hard
My one criticism of this video - the fact that the changing music from My Immortal wasn't used for Schettino changing into his suit
34:00  Dude why :D , I know that we are corrupted country but Why ??? :D
its been 1 year, release some video
My reaction to the captain can be summarized as: *Bruuuuuuuuuh*
this guy have not posted in almost a year what happened?
theres a recording of the harbor master telling him to get the f**k back on the ship and direct rescue.
the engineer pilon is the only one who was doing anything right or helpful
if you quit the internet that is ok... just take me with you wherever you went.  I miss your videos mister historian.  I miss your smell
Internet Historian: "expect shorter videos but more frequently"  Also IH *doesn't upload in a year*
What a fucking clusterfuck this was :D
First vid of yours I've watched and I was a full 8 mins into it before I realised I was listening to a Kiwi. 'Sup from Hawkes Bay eh
When “at least it's not the MV Sewol.”
the immense base with each problem increasing really got me invested
"You are not allowed to make film movie" "admins aren't supposed to suck dicks"
Corporations yay!
The magicians assistant has no pants!
3 more days for the last upload anniversary...
It would have been so fun to be there with a scuba suit. An empty casino
Why would you tempt fate playing anything to do with Titanic on a cruise ship???!!!! 🛳
me want new video
sucks that he quit. rip
Please make a video on ANTHEM🙏
I love the guy at 31:50 who wrote in the comments "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità!" which means "Forget the cockpits for heaven's sake!"
"It's been 8 years" since you uploaded a new video
You do realize you can just click "forgot password", right? And a new will be sent to you.
"Back to 10 minute videos and more of them"  11 months later..
35:50 Splinter cell remake internet historian playthrough confirmed
I would LOVE to know how Schettino rose from Security to Captain so quickly! That deserves an investigation all on its own!
I hope he's working on something big.
Third rewatch, and I just noticed the camera searching around the map of Europe to find Moldova, with the "IDK, you tell me."  🤣
And here I thought this was going to be about tuition at my alma mater...
its been a year boss (in 4 days) wheres the new upload :(
I just fell in love with you narrative and edition.
Aahhh my historian were are you now...
This reminded me that the sinking of M/S Estonia is among one of the biggest passenger ship disasters there are but it's most often forgotten in history. 852 people lost their lives in it.
not even half way though!! i cannot BELIEVE THIS 🤭🤭 very nail biting :(
this is better than Seconds from Disaster
45:07 What game?
Who is gearing up for celebrating the first year of no videos?
Murphy’s law hit this ship hard.
"back to 10-15  minutes and more of them" February 2021  now February 2022 sure
Thank you for this masterpiece! please make more like this!
5 days and it'll be an entire year since a new IH post
I love the long format videos! Dont mind if I only get 1-2 per year
I swear the music from the collision scene changed, didn’t it used to be some sort of opera?
24:44 Now THAT'S a liminal space.
I'd imagine that painter decorator kid; that couldn't speak English, was hired to take the fall 😭 I glad the bottle didn't break, at least til I get there 🪡
Does anybody know what the music is when the before and after images of the abandoned ship?
What about estonia. over 800 dead
Where tf are you? The world needs you!!!!
Come back to us internet historian
Who says 2 or more solid objects can't occupy the same space at the same time? Hold my beer! **CRASH** Oof!
The guy making a listing on eBay for the actual ship is such an Australian thing to do and I love it.
Waste of beauty, she (the captain's lover) is beautiful, not gonna lie. She can open an only fans account and makes millions
new video man
In 6 days it will have been a year since the last masterpiece
When will we see a new video
Is the music at 8:40 different than it used to be? I swear it was more like opera or something, what I'm hearing now sounds unfamiliar and way less fitting
Come back
For me, there is no other reasonable explanation. A few billionaire trolls came up with the idea of ​​building the most expansive cruise ship ever made, hiring the most crooked and dumbest crew available just to watch from their mansions the disaster that would happen and the ensuing drama it would cause.
To think that Hollywood can make a three hour movie about the Titanic and haven't made any movie about the Costa Concordia! Do you need any more proof they have their priorities wrong?
So I've been a few minutes into the video, can anyone explain to me why they didn't just go full reverse additionally to the corrective steering in order to avoid the rocks? It seems like they never even went for reducing the speed of the ship, or am I getting something wrong?
Just upload already
what ever happened with the girl in the box.
38:30 go down with the ship
Mr historian I am begging you to upload a new video man please
This video has NEVER left my algorithm powered "suggested videos" list!  It is ALWAYS there, tempting me.... Fuck it! It is a good video, lets watch it again!!!
Hey
The amount of likes for this video is not comenserate for its quality and views.
25:16  The        *D* *E* *E* *T* *S*
does anyone know what the background music is at 39:45 ?
i came over from xQc's youtube video from Sep 1, 2021 i enjoyed the video
my less than a year old dog who can't even speak human language could follow directions better than that helmsman
I hope dad finds the milk soon :(
31:50 in the comments "please god stay away from pilot seats/cabins!"
Dad come back it’s been a year where’s the milk?
One of my video went criminally unwatched, an absolute gem that took me weeks of scouring the depths of  internet lore to find the original quality of, and I want to request you react to it as one of my favorite YouTubers! The video is titled Happy Forward. Thank you, and in the internet thanks you in advance.
About a year ago, huh.
You NEED to cover Ugandan Knuckles. Love you!
Uuuuh, much time has passed since then. I still remember a meme and the fact that everyone talked about that stuff, at the time
I watched this flick 10 times now, but it just occurred to me, that Schettino switched from his uniform to a nice suit, to abandon ship more smoothly, to hide that he's the captain or even part of the crew.
Well, Nerd City just posted a vidoe finally so it looks like the ball is finally in your court.
Yet another causality of the Concordia, Internet Historians main channel…
One week from the one year anniversary
Lol 11 months ago since last upload 😆
I miss you
Quite sure there was a Korean cruise ship which was far worse .. so, not the worse since the titanic
That Beyblade bit killed me.
Great video. The stereotypes ruin it tho, not sure why the "no racist stereotyping" rule only applies to Asians and Blacks.
Jacob's a true red and white Indonesian legend
Anybody excited for Feb 16th? The release of his next video.
lmaoxd FUCKING LEGEND
I would steal a big fuck off bell. Bells are cool.
Wtf, this video came out almost a year ago? It feels like it's only been a few months.
Hi Internet Historians! Please consider doing a story about the SV Seeker project and the drama surrounding it.
Where have you gone?
Where is the r/Drama / r/teenagers controversy
Bro, Why aren't you uploading ?!?!
What a video. It’s like South Park but with class
hurry up and make another one
Come on man make a new video
Incredible, low cost, low credibility man power are the actual cause of this accident. I wonder if Costa's executive board is aware (knew) of this....
Bro. Where u go?
26:25 Imagine. There's millions of dollars literally lying around and what do you take? The rarest loot of them all (save for captain's wet socks). The ship's bell.
I died at "Hoiste da sails?!" 🤣
What a Mayor. He straight up dives into a sinking ship to confront whoever the hell is responsible for this mess.
WHERE IS THE NEXT MAIN CHANNEL UPLOAD?? IT'S BEEN ALMOST A WHOLE YEAR!
I can't imagine the work that went into this amazing
halo music was a nice touch
11 months! MOAR because MOAR!!!1!1!
Did they honestly make you replace the Italian music from before the crash where it's all slow motion or am I remembering wrong and that song was always there??
I'm dying for a new video
::6:34:: The captain yells "350"... and that's when they realized..."those rocks were fitty feet and had glowin' red eyes!" "and I said, Goddammit, Loch Ness monsta! You should be in Ireland, but out there! Be gone, you! "
Honestly if this was his last video what a fucking last video.
Make "The battle of Battlefield 2042"
Where did the internet historian go? Some say he stalks the mean streets of naples looking for a lost contact lens.....others say that he has been spotted sleeping rough outside the neverland ranch....all I know is that I need more internet historian content.......  IH....WHERE ARE YOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUU?????????
dude probably got hacked and lose his password again, if only he use *NORD VPN* , the sponsor of this comment.
So its almost been a year there bub gota any more content?
wheres a new video dude youre lacking, unsubscribing, a year? cmon man pathetic
Ded channel lol
41:10 Sums up your "more frequent videos" claim!!!
At this point i believe that IH is just gonna drop an absolute banger on the year anniversary of this video ;v;
I just noticed the music is different
coming up on the one year anniversary of the last main channel upload
mmm he's dead
😔where new vidya
frenkie10p
Your little captions are on the screen long enough for me to notice them and pause the video a few frames after they disappear 😅
I am disappointed he didn't get life in prison for what he did
IH, where ya been? Been nearly a year. We miss you! The internet needs it's historian. ❤️ 😢
Australian-south african? This accent is confusing me.
I wonder how long this took to edit, its very impressive
What a incompitant Captain
okay, i have a stupid question. Why must the captain go down with the ship? He could not have personally searched every room on the ship, and why is it better to send crewmembers to die rescuing passanger - he would be responsible for deaths either way. Why is "abandoning ship" a criminal charge?
wtf is happening with Internet Historian does anyone knows?
aw but I love the longer ones
Coming up on the 1-year anniversary
Oooooh, i coming back to this video and didn't realized the audio in 8:35 was changed aweeeeee
31:34 Did Margaret Thatcher have girl power? -Eric Andre
I dunno why you were so down about stealing the bell, wait twenty years and you can make a mint off loot like that.
The LTT gag made me smile.
I NEED MORE PLEASE HELP ME
I prefer those long well refined videos, it feels like watching an actual satyric documentary, and an excellent one =)
How does a man who crashes a near 600 million dollar vessel twice in two years remain in position of Captain??
INTERNET HISTORIAN FACE REVEAL AT 34:12!!!!
In 10 days it will be the one year anniversary of this masterpiece.
Lol, I'm Italian and I remember this so well, it was all over the news
8:27 what Is that face?
That part about the Company paying a fine and being let off is disgusting.
CSH fans losin they minds rn
God bless the people of Giglio who helped the passengers. 🍀
Love that Halo 2 aoundtrack
Thanks!
The broken ship would be a great location in fallout
The linus tech tips tho😭
I blame the champagne
Dear diary It has been a year since he who showers us with quality content spoke and said "Shorter videos and more of them" and I am starting to lose hope. Please, send me a sign. Tell me what I must do to be worthy once again.  Tell me he is still out there, that he is still alive, and that he is allright. It's all I ask
We miss you
what a surprise january 13th 2012 was a friday, so we got unexperienced captain and a cursed ship on a cursed day. what could possibly go wrong ?
Oh My God. It's almost a year without any upload. The sheer "dedication" of this man of creating his next magnus opus is astounding
I wish this video had portuguese subtitles so i could show it to my family because GOD this is a masterpiece which should not be contained due to linguistic limitations!
I'm Italian, and I remember the literal months where the news were talking only of this accident
What's the song at 40:28? It's triggering hard nostalgia but i have no clue why
"with my psychological brain"  Truly a bunch of poets
sometimes i feel kinda embarassed of beeing italian...
Oh boy, the phone call between De Falco and Schiettino, after the captain left the Concordia, is priceless.
just whet you think this is  THE wtf moment, another big one comes up😂😂
ITS BEEN A YEAR
MAGIC BOX LEG LADY?? No closure.
Ive watched this video 3 times this week, shit is  my fav video, story telling is immaculate, love this guy
Great video! Can't wait for the next one!
Was the music at 8:39 changed??
I literally live in a city named Concordia (look it up, it´s in Argentina. Tho it is the poorest city in the country lmao)
is that some Destiny music I hear for the before/after shots around 24:18 ???
Watching it for the third oder fourth time and it is still great. I FKING LOVE THE STORY! (And the way it is presented!)
first sam now historian
HISTORIAN, IF YOU ARE HELD CAPTIVE CHANGE YOUR AVATAR TO MINION TWERKING WE WILL SEND HELP
I accidentally click on youtube thumbnails while watching a video all the time.  I was working on my laptop with this video playing in the background on my desktop PC and when I heard the Linus Tech Tips theme, I was like "How in the Sam Hell did I manage to do that shit this time?"  Your pop-culture references are great.
That's my birthday! I was born on a friday, too (way earlier than 2012)!  I have absolutely horrible luck.  Most recently, I completely shattered my femur, by running over an acorn at like 5 MPH on my road bike and just falling over.
I have always said, pussy is the most destructive force on earth...
It was just the 10 years anniversary a few weeks ago. There are some interviews on YouTube with passengers now
Where did he go? Sam O'Nella left us and now this?
11 months.
bahahaha that ending scene !!!
almost as big of fuck up as the titanic lol
Those chapter transitioned killed me hard each time
Video about an Italian tragedy and there are not italian subtitles? damn...
Please do a video about all the times weather forecasters got it wrong!
Back again for the 4th time
Excellent example of elite panic
I've discovered and binge watched all of the internet historian channel in the last week and now I don't know what to do with myself
When did they force you to change the collision music D:
This is amazing storytelling and animation. Great job!!!
Tony soprano eating at the Italian senate lmao
Looks like this channel sunk under the waves for good.
do fall of CYBERPUNK!
LMAOXD
my favourite video in youtube history, very well made documentary with great rewatch value
It feel so long waiting for a new video, i've almost started to believe you WERE actually on the Concordia , died and was speaking from the grave......igconito mode is fun  Just not the same 😪
I wish every historical moment could be told like this.
Maybe we can get a new video on the 1 year anniversary of the last one
Dead channel is dead
34:00 Българското знаме !!!!
Why do they need 4 people on the bridge playing Chinese whispers to steer the ship? And why do this crazy fly-by stunt at night, or even at all.... fucking stupid all over
43:51 had me dying xD
where new video......
the hero captain joined the italian senate?.... Tifa no!
I love Internet Historian because even the ads are worth watching
21:00
but how was I supposed to know how to steer this ship?
ill be really disappointed if he doesn't post a new video on the 1 year anniversary of this masterpiece
why you stole bell?
please make a canadian trucker video
trash
WOW! THat's a very big ladder...
i guess he made enough youtue vbucks to stop uploading for a year now
Just wanted to tip my hat for the Shenmue reference.
yo mr historian, can you tell us the story of jessi slaughter?
That's the most unique documentary I ever watched! Amazing work! Impressed & following instantly!
I got  a  cruise add before this video hahaha Royal Caribbean I'm coming!!!!
What happened to your content man? I used to always look forward to your videos, I caught you on a colab recently but it's not the same  :(
I remember traveling to Tuscany from Sicily and seeing the wreck from the plane, still there 1 year later. Surreal.
I like how the mayor uses three different Ferraris to get to the scene
Looking foward for Tifa Itaia
Well written out, good editing. Quality Content 👌
28:55 DRUGS! *GGTA VICE CITY THEME PLAYS*
I have seen this story done before  but didn't realize it was the 100 year anniversary of Titanic.  The whole story is ridiculous.  I can't even imagine why anyone would want to date or party with that "Captain" after everything.
Is this..
The use of Halo music was not unnoticed, sir. Was perfect.
even though he takes forever to upload his videos, we can all agree on one thing.   they are absolutely worth the wait
Just realized that De Falco is now on the Italian senate, meaning he might have been there for the final fantasy hacking that happened recently
hey the music got changed at 8:40
Whoa I didn't know Geoffrey Landgrabb was working on this ship 😅. love your videos!
I appreciate the use of music from Ridley Scotts Alien.
32 people died on that ship.  32.  No one went to jail for murder.  No one was charged with murder, manslaughter, gross negligence, reckless endangerment, or aiding and abetting in a homicide.  Yet, all the actions of the deck officers clearly point to these charges...which do exist in Italy.  This is beyond a travesty...and the pinnacle of all the reason I will never be found on a cruise ship.  Over the last 3 years, there is ample evidence that you are safer in the Ukraine than on a cruise ship.    The world is truly filled with absolute A**holes.
I freaking love this video. The references in it absolutely crack me up but it still gets the information across. Very well done!
But when the world needed him most, he vanished.
What happens when you put an idiot incharge.
It's been around a whole year, bro. Feels bad bro.
Was all fun and games till the half way point ffs rip Russell u funking g
So uh, when's the next video?
the captain's name should be pronounced shi-teeno
Mr Historian, I have an offer you can't resist. 3 subs on patreon for new video and a subway sandwhich.
It's been almost a full year, Mr historian
I don't want to think about how long this video took to make good lord 😅😅
please IH, we will buy Nord VPN, just please come back
Where's the next vid IH?
I've heard this lie about the Costa Concordia being the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic. I can't figure out how you get to that. Largest in fame? The Estonia was a much bigger disaster at least in regards to the amount of human lives lost.
I wish this channel popped up in my recommended a long time ago these are great! I like the edits/pacing and the jokes are pretty good XD
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE BEYBLADE
this is INCREDIBLY effective storytelling
Almost 1 Year since his last video on the main channel
Love the Uncharted 3 clips in there 😂
The name “Schettino” sounds like “skotina”, he Russian word for “cattle”, usually used in place of “asshole”. I think that’s fitting.
sad that you had to change the song in the slomo scene :(
I guess they got what they paid for the lowest skilled and lowest paid
22:47 I could recognize that song anywhere... immediately. EDIT 24:11 OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD THEY LET ME PICK, DID I EVER TELL YOU THAT?
Great vid!  Caught who you were from your peeps on another ''serious'' docu.    Horrible disaster indeed!!!!
Bruh 11 ima come back here evry month to se if he uploaded a video:/
Please upload again
How much you want to bet that they started working on the video about how much smaller story and the scope just got so much bigger because the more they delve into the story the more and more they found out and dug up
35:48 "[ssSs.] They wouldn't cheat-y old pete-y, would they?"
It’s the Sims characters for me lmao 🤣🤣🤣😭😭
Third time watching this and I still love the editing at around 7:00. Just really well done
How long has it been since internet historians last video? Me: 0:09
it was an expensive mistake
I get it. the account password can be hard to remember sometimes.
*music plays* me: hmm i know this one *Linus Ship Tips* appears* me: oh maw gowd 😩😩😩😩
Honestly, between in the field, and the main channel. There's a lot of very, very rewatchables content. And twitch. More twitch would be nice. But it's fine if the main channel gets one video every 16 months. No problem. Quality over quantity. Also, I love how in the field pokes at the the main channel frequency. And he's always like "stfu". I get why it takes a long time. I always want it to be up the usual fallout standard. Love you IH.
Man it really is like Vox
My Grandad was a captain in the Norwegian merchant marine before retirement; primarily oil and chemical tankers. His response when this happened was hilarious "tHis WouLd nOt hAve HappeNed on a noRwegiaN ship!". No idea if that's true, but it was hilarious.
32 people dead?!?!? Due to stupidity alone?!?!?
Was the original video copyright claimed?
That Captain and everyone involved in hiring that bridge crew has special seats in Hell. Jesus Christ. Carnival's board should have had to buy the whole company back from those passengers.
That was the best sponsor I ever seen
The levels of incompetence and dishonesty is insane.  The Harbour master was incredible to not believe him and also to start "over reacting"
inhale 11 months Historian 11 months i hope that your new video will be really good
Will our lord and saviour return? It will soon be a whole year.
This video deserves a Pulitzer. well done.
I binged watched all of your content - please post more ser.
38:48 nah boatload of truble was not stupposed to be a pun it was the closest translation as anime di guai means a soul of trouble or naples (napoli) slang for a shit ton of fucking problems (i would know i live there, its a shitty place in the SPA-GHETTO you could say)  (i will give you a fuck ton of problems ) its really hard to find a translation that gives the exact feel of italian as its dialects and slangs and culture and sub dialects mixed with swears english just cant express it propely   btw: im not criticising i just think it sounds funny but cazzo is pronounced cat-so not caszo
i hope they never catch Jacob
Bruh i watched this like 4 months ago... IT'S 11 FUCKING MONTH OLD. 2021 was the fastest year in my life.
When you finally click that one video thats has been in your recommended.
I cant believe that this video is literally just the Premiere Pro preview and not an actual render lol
fr tho this the best youtube video ever as far as quality and wat this place should be.
I was laid up in the hospital for a week and this video made it not suck too much.
The Concordia, a historically important ship, sank due to a mishap like the Titanic.
Main Channel Video Coming Soon?
Yo it's been 11 months my guy
This is what makes me not want to go on a ship. Shit captains and water equals no. Still can't believe this was that long ago though, doesn't seem like it was when I think back to watching it on the news
As a fellow content creator, I can only imagine how LONG this video took to edit, nevermind plan. Masterclass video making.
Dude what the fuck
Lmao I f'ing love lawyers 33:41  Might as well be a comedian lol
Yo it’s been like a year! I miss my historian :( where are you?
Excellent video. I would Like it if YouTube hadn't deprived us of the Dislike count.
He isnt the only one who shouldve ended up with jail time.
Why’d my man have to do Captain Lee like that
You could do a video like this on any random event and it would be interesting. Excitedly anticipating whatever is next!
hope your doing well, and to get some updates soon
Greatest ad in a video I’ve ever seen 10/10
Panic when they tell you not to, remain calm when they tell you to panic.
42:16 lmaoxd
Wait a sec wasnt there another song at 8:50??
Fix your goddamn upload schedule
Come back.... Please....?
ITS BEEN 11 MONTHS MAN
In awe that they allowed somebody with no communication skills to control heading. Wait no I'm not in awe im just pissed
When the world needed him most.... please come back Internet Historian
Such a shame that the music had to be changed
I don't really get why that Dominica(?) lady was getting shit on for having a relationship with the captain, it's not like she made the ship sink and I'm pretty sure the captain was consenting to whatever they got up to...
Internet historian it’s been a year where are you?
This chick: today is the second time i die 35 people still on the concordia: wanna bet?
dude its been a year.
You need to listen the original audios of the calls made by and to the captain. Maybe you don't understand italian, but you will understand anger
almost 1 year later...
I will bring you more shorter videos he said. I will upload more often he said. Nobody has seen him for a year now
They hired some random Schmucko with not training or experience who does not speak english or italian. There should be a place in hell for these greedy people who agreed to this hiring practice
31:04 Moldova is right there
Brah
I have watched this video 7 times waiting for the next video
Every time I rewatch this video I have goosebumps at 6:55 thanks to editing and music. "Pre-collision" part gets me more engaged and excited than many action movies, lol
Ok, the LinusShipTips thing got me.
6 months per manslaughter. Half a year. People say Americans imprison too many people for too long while the Europeans don’t imprison long enough, what a joke.
Historian sounds cute? Like he sounds like he'd look cute. 🙃
Damn y’all had to change music for copyright huh? Hopefully it wasn’t too costly.
wya bbygirl I miss u
33:42 NO WAY ITS EDGAR KALOU
"But that ship... She was cursed" *"Oh my gawd"* 🤣🤣
The reason there hasn’t been an upload in so long is because Internet Historian felt bad for Sumito. He’s waiting for Sumito to catch up in sub count. We will unfortunately be waiting for the next vid forever.
I watched this while high and it made it so fucking intense
It's been 81 years....
LINUS SHIP TIPS got me so good, I was like wtf is my background tab video of Linus playing rn?
Video pitch (idk if u read these or not but u get the picture). Would Sea of Thieves work as a game story (like uve done with no man sky and fallout 76) I know it doesnt have so many extremes (like a major underdog story or an immense fuck up) but it would be interesting as the game has varied in content over the few years its been out. Also a fallout 76 video could be interesting
In earlier times, people were decent ennough to kill themselves after fucking up this hard.
where have you been? I miss you :(
"No more 40 minute videos more 10 minute ones" It's been 11 months and I am still dying of thirst waiting for the next video.
And remember guys this all happenned because they wanted to annoy the people on the island
loved the halo musics
Honestly I can understand stealing a big fuck-off bell. I want that big fuck-off bell. I'd put it in my living room.
Yeah Im never going on a cruise.
Where have you gone?
The editing is amazing
The video edits and memes are fucking mint. 👌
24:12 Halo
But when the world needed him most... He vanished...
Nearly a year, so close!
Where is Internet Historian? I need more videos
I'm so hyped for the blizzard video coming in one or two years.
Well, can tell "from this amazing video btw" that someone is a halo fan!..... Much love.
Amazing video, but also a waste of spaghetti :(
WHY IS YOUR SPAGHETTI SO FUCKING WET
Isn't it about time for the channel's annual upload?
It's been 84 years...
"I've got a good feeling about this" oh my god my neck hurt from laughing
The mayor is a badass
46:01 is everything
"The largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" - The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship - The Wilhelm Gustloff *was* a cruise ship, before being converted to a hospital ship. ~10'000 lives lost.
I guess uploads are annual now
Hahahah you Linus tech tipped this.
Man sure knows how to run a loose ship.
Can I just say, Ronai is actually a bit of a badass in this. Sure, he's a lawyer, but he really buckled down to research and discover what he could.
First time watching this channel. Enjoyed the madcap yet thorough presentation of the details of this surrealistic cluster-fuck-in-the-Med.  Create and post more of the same, if you please.
There was a *boatload* of puns of concordia crashing into giglio.
I can't believe this is almost like an actual movie, the real event was tragic I know but the editing in this film is hilarious!
Captain of the year!
5: no more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10-15 minute videos and more of them.   11 months ago...
19:14 hollow knight music
Where are ya vids bro? Been 11 months.
Just wanna make some clarification from someone who was "on-the-inside". I worked for MSC crociere, especificaly, MSC Musica (a ship very similar to Concordia). The getting higher up and being promoted quick is quite common in this line of work, i myself was offered 3 promotions in 9 months.  The reason for it is not anything mysterious or illegal, its just that due to the nature of the work , the long hours, and the lenght of the contracts wich can prevent one from seeing family and friends for months (my contract was on a 6 months basis), a LOT of people end up quitting randomly, they have a constant influx of new employees coming in and old employess going out. So thats one mystery solved.  Great video!
Man Italy is the most corrupt country the world.
"OH GOD NOT AGAIN"
Credit to you for using HK music for the video +rep
>I took the brakes off my car. A man like me never really learned how to stop  Shut the fuck up!  Fucking kek
Hopefully we get a new video in a few years
A better translation for "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" is " Get on board, dick! "
This is the kind of content that made me subscribe here
See, at first I thought this was a joke video since I thought there would be no WAY that they'd make someone that stupid drive an entire cruise with like 250 people onboard.  I am so ashamed that I was wrong.
I swear to god he is going to do one of those shitty "see you next year" jokes, but then actually do it
almost a year since last upload
a linus ship tips meme ... damn
Why’d you change the music as the collision happened?
babe, we're almost at our 1 year anniversary of no new videos. Have you picked out a dress for the special occasion yet?
It's almost been a year since this came out.
Damn you channels with your good content then disappearing forever
upload ?:((
Coming on 1 year since the last upload. Any day now, boy.
26:22
Someone should have punched the captain in his face until he's unconcious so a more capable person would have been in charge of this shit. He had the chance of being a hero by taking the responsibilty that comes with and doing his damn job, instead he choosed to be a damn rat. Unbelievable.
Almost a year since this video... We miss you Internet Historian! Please come back home!
what da channel doing tho, when the next video
Of Course some shitposting Aussie tried to sell the ship hahaha
There's been an italian documentary about this recently, and i came back to rewatch this
Wreck divers will usually swipe bells, plates and anything that says the name on the ship. It’s pretty common.
8:59 "Hey! Vsauce, Michael here! Shit's Fucked!"
this is one of my favourite movies
hearing hollow knight music during a mass panic is the most surrealist thing I've seen this week
Next you should do an episode about this channel. Anyone remember Internet Historian?
damn that nord vpn ad was just....  im suscribing, also my brother was in the cruise, he is fine, and worked as a waiter
What is that song at 24:41
its been almos a year, im dying to know whats coming next.
I know it’s been a year But I know what ever is next will be worth the wait
Thank you for this. I laughed my ass off.
I’ve watched this way too many times now 😂😂
Costa Concordia my ignorant friend
what's the tune at 40:28 it's so familiar?
This vid is not far removed from being a year old now... how about we celebrate with a NEW VID ON THE MAIN CHAMNEL... cmon I Historian we are dying out here😭
Hey Internet Historian, I had a dream last night where you did a video on the backrooms where you were talking about it, interlaced with scenes where the guy you do In The Field videos with got sent to the backrooms and was trying to find his way out. With it all focusing on your usual comedy instead of just pure horror.  Could you make my dream a reality, Internet Historian?
What happened to the "more 15 minute videos"? it's been 11 months.   I hope you ok, Harold... 2.
Too bad they had to remove O mio Bambino Caro when they crash... it fit perfectly
31:44 killed me 🤣
Costa, cost of, or coast of?
Mr Historian, the story of Trevor Jacob from the video of "I Crashed My Plane" would make for a great history. Maybe we'll only know what really happened in a few months if ever.
Don’t remember off the top of my head, but pretty sure the titanic could stay afloat with four flooded compartments.
The music changed from the last time I saw this video. What happened?
It's like almost everyone involved in actually protecting their customers is an asshole. The only ones that helped weren't the cause of this catastrophe
The Linus ShipTip intro is 100% lol
Just tragic in this modern era. They had everything they needed to handle this safely, and lies and denial cost 32 lives.
12:57 omg I'm just so glad that lady got out of the box, phew
"that's a lodda worrrr-da"
In Italy or at least in some areas Friday the 13th is actually a lucky day
How bout a video on the brony shit that went down long ago on 4chan
40:32 the most generic kids channel music is a fantastic touch
24:05 uh not even close
That has to be the best ad segment I've ever witnessed
Internet historian, please for the love of god make another long form video like this on the main channel. You are one of the best creators on here and while i love your goofy incognito videos they just dont hit the same as these ones.
you better post another banger boyyyy
rewatching this i totaly forgot about that band of brothers clip. it's still my favorite show i love it to death
oh my god dude just post a damn video xD
The intro really put me off as one of weird meme videos but this is a genuinely good documentary. great job
41:00  = sunken thruths
Lmao, he truly uploads only once per year
The mistress didn't want the man on the shore filming "a movie" because she didn't want to be on camera. Nobody else would've cared in a situation like that other than someone trying to not be noticed.
Thanks!
RESPECT SUPERIORS
I HAVE SPOKEN
I AM THE LAW
I HAVE AUTHORITY
FIGHT IN MY CLUB
I AM ARTHUR BOND AND JACK DURDEN
FIGHT WITH IT
SHE LIKES MANNERS
The hollow knight music really enhanced the suspense.
Hey internet  historian have you heard about the incident involving tifa from ff7 and the Italian Senate
the couple that slept through the ship going under? that would have been my dad if he was there
Thanks!
IH my boi if you dont post a new vid soon ima stage a coup to put ordinary things in charge     (p.s. 10/10 vid ive seen it atleast 8 times now)
I watched a BSF video on this and he said some people died in the elevator when it sank. Messed up way to go
Up loads video Gets millions of views Refuses to elaborate Leaves.  ...Forever...
This is why you fear idiots in large groups because this could have gone down much worse…. Because at least some of the crew had more than half a brain and tried their best but one idiot and bad choices lead to that disaster
Where does that jingle at 40:28 come from? It’s so reminiscent of my childhood!
am I going mad or was there different music for the crash when this first came out?
seriously WTF does a hotel Director have to do with a sinking ship ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????   nah nah come on some tell me in the comments what does a hotel director have to do with a sinking ship...what did they say something like ur all locked in ur rooms till we sort this sinking out?...or did the hotel manager finally get told of for not leaving little mints on the pillows....
Rip this channel. It was a good time when it lasted.
FINE, YOUTUBE. I WATCHED IT. ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?
It's over a year.
24:05 Not true, MS Estonia had over 850 deaths.
28:47 favorite moment. 🤣🤣
Just checking back in with the channel to see if you've uploaded anything recently. Sad noises.
1:13
Why don’t you make more videos like this ?
So funny the coast gard commmunication between the captain and them.
make videos plz
were these faces pulled right outta Sims 4?
I love the that the Halo soundtrack made it into this as backing music, made my day!!
Wow I learned quite a bit about nautical navigation from this. Thank you good sir!
Now you should do a video on the Moby Prince disaster, it happened not far away from where costa Concordia sank and stinks even more like rotten shit
"La Verità Sommersa", Schettino's book, literally translates as "The Submerged Truth" or "The Truth Underwater". What a knob.
Captain: 325 Helsman:Muriatic aaaacid?  XD
Almost a whole year
I love watching your videos while playing games.
yo where the carseat fans
Imagine getting away with that kinda tragedy with  a fine regardless of how large, $1 mil is tiny too
Francesco Schettino  BAK BAK  BAK🐔🐔SHIT / Captain of the hen house would be  beyond your leadership skills  sounds like he was trying to dock his " SHIP " in the port of a  blond bimbo video :30:36 to 31:03
"I died twice" says women who survived boat crash in which people actually died.
Jfc, did he forget that he just crashed into some rocks?
How much did it cost? It Costa lot.
Can’t believe it took 5 years after the shipwreck to get that POS in jail
That's a horrible thing to do to Homer Simpson!
The ship is sinking but don’t worry everything’s fine 🤡
Holy shit it's been almost a year, I remember watching this video when it came out as if it was yesterday
As a newbie on your chanel, this is a really great job! Greetings from Hamburgo
Did you made that spaghetti just to do that? Nasty man.
So Microsoft could have built 100+ of these ships instead of buying out Blizzard.
He fucking left with all the views.
Also u used Bulgarian court picture at one point haha
There always is Slavic girl to spin your head man watch out
"Left! hard left! No! The other left!"
We need another video internet historian
I love your editor, whom ever it is
So basically, any ordinary person would have had the rest of their lives utterly ruined by such an event. But this captain got off lightly and still is allowed to live a life of luxury.  Bring back the guillotines please.
cant wait for internet historian to make a video on astro world and cryto island
WHEN?!?!  WHEN WILL THE KING RETURN?!?!?  AND HOW LONG WILL HE BE BACK?!?!  WHEN?!?!?
As Italian I can say that in Italy a lot of people prefer to kill everybody then admit they did a mistake or something wrong.... One time I said to a policeman that was not right what he was doing (a checkpoint in a dangerous position it's not allowed by italian laws...): I'm still without driving license after more then 10y ( they said I was under drugs effect...), I had to sell my car, get to the court ( that said after 4y I'M NOT FUCKING GUILTY), pay 3000€ for the lawyer, etc....  They teached my something, never be correct and advise somebody something is wrong, just film it and put on internet in an anonimous way, they cannot be treated like right people because they are not.
You still alive bro?
Did Internet Historian vanish or something ?
It's a miracle the ship didn't sank sooner just for the sheer weight of the chief engineer's balls
New content please 🥺👍
It’s been almost a year since he uploaded when will he upload again????
bruh its been 11 months plz post soon :)
By the way dint a Watertight Door also Fail on the Titanic ?
iis it realistic to wait for another video on this channel or is it just icognito now?
time for a new video buddy
Bro you have to do a cover on Activision Blizzard shitstorm. The blizzard of shit
I thought I was experiencing the Mandela Effect from 8:37 to 9:07.
It's not listed in the description but the music that starts at 24:11 is Halo 3 - Luck
Dominica looks like Jodie Whittaker.
Im italian , is funny video haha
*The Deets*
We're still waiting
The troll who tried to sell the boat on eBay man lol
The LIVE acronym in the background at 13:53 is hilarious. 😂
We need more uploads.
I love that you played the Vice City theme during the part about the drugs. 😆 🤣 😂
The bell has no power here! "shut the fuck up.....shjshsututthefuukup"
best documentary ever.
the real question is: why are we building objects so massive that it takes ages to manouver them properly. sure, it was the captains sole fault, but lets talk about scenarios where nobody is at fault. i think the whole cruiseship industry is fucked on the long run, there will be more desasters and the bigger the ship the bigger the problems. i saw ships breaking in half simply because they were so long and no really robust. if they would be robust and have the same size, they wouldnt be able to swim at all. so yeah, my advice build smaller and more robust ships, that are not like a giant can of coke loaded with poor souls
$600 Million for the Ship, But couldn't afford to find someone with an Important Job like Steering the Ship that didnt have a Language Barrier?
:)
RIP to the crew member who gave his life helping passengers evacuate.
I think i just landed on a gem of channel 😍 wow! Your sarcasm bro 🙌 is A1
Ah the main Internet Historian channel *a sniff so big you think that would think I’m hitting heroin in a Tarantino movie* it’s been a year. I can still smell the sweaty excitement from when this first came out. Like all you can drink booze and infinite Chinese food from the buffet. Please come back; we miss you
A very italian thing sadly
"back to 10 minute videos, and more of them"  -hasn't uploaded since
you see at least when the titanic was sinking the lights stayed on
Kudos to the harbormaster, local police, and Italian coast guard for being true professionals.  It's a shame the courts let people off so easily, including the company, except one person.
Why you making us wait oh Merciful one! We need a new video to religiously rewatch for the next year!
Get this man a dr pepper
Almost a year since last video
remember this channel? me too.
Hollow Knight music is good in every ocasion an this video is proof of it.
Fun fact! This was made on my birthday!
Fine Youtube, I will watch this video.
okay I loved spaghetti until this video... now I REALLY love spaghetti
*No main channel videos in 11 months "Sigh, guess I'll watch The Cost of Concordia again" :(
8:36 seriously they striked you for the original music? youtube needs to chill....
I need the timecode with the "deets"
the dude who was driving is so dumb
"Is it still flooded?  "Nah, we drank all the water down here."
Captain Cretino
If James Cameron decides to do a Concordia disaster movie, Schettino should be played by Ruffus Sewell.
Anyone know what the song at 40:28 - 40:31 is???
Oh this was brilliant and it took me 10 minutes to decide if the narrator was a Aussie or a Kiwi...I've decided it's a Kiwi who's spent a lot of time in Australia...
Has this video been dramatically changed or is it just me?
I have always thought the captain was the king of fuckups but I l now realise the 3rd officer is the true Antichrist here
Where do I get one of those shirts
i guess nothing really happening in the world so he has no content
you know the locals are pepelaughing so fucking hard
It's been 10 years already guys
oh dear god its going to be a year someone see if this man is alive.
As an Indonesian I think It's really funny when you include "bin" in Yakub Rusli name 🤣.. I Assumed Yakub Rusli add "Bin" in his registered name due to the absence of surname. "Bin"  is borrowed from arabic meaning "son of".
Pls post a new video this year, I’ve shared this one to so many people. It’s so good!
we gonna get a main channel video again?
Плис ещё видео мистер хисториан сэр!!!!
This is why i genuinely think that certain people should not exist... Im not talking about like...straight up murder... But letting everyone do what they want is fucking retarded....people like this deserve actual public execution...Not even joking
I really enjoy the first half of the video that breaks down the whole incident and actions on the bridge. I'd imagine it's intensive to animate, but it'd be a cool format for future videos.
Remember to always hire Filipino officers. They can better understand and speak english.
It's clear Schettino was a scapegoat, but him acting like everything was great in the immediate aftermath for the reporters after getting his ass ripping makes me lose a lot of potential sympathy for him. Like dude in that moment thought he was in the clear, he took his verbal lashing and that absolved him of his wrong-doing
Grazie.
How the fuck that guy get job on the biggest ship in our Time as captain. If u ask me it is not only him idiot it is company too
thats the funniest youtube in video ad ever <3
I am so amassed how good those Italians speak Australian 😅😅 makes the whole thing less dramatic
Russel Rebello was indian and he lived in small town called Vasai, which is where I live, he is still remembered as a hero after so many years. RIP.
9:05 Ad begins 10:49 Ad ends
The whole world remembered the fireworks, which were not even launched.  Wonderful!
Knock knock, Whose there? The cost of concordia The cost of concordia who? The cost of concordia never making another main channel video again, that's who!
Could you do the Oceanos too please?
FINALLY ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT ITALIAN MEMES IS GETTING FAMOUS IN AMERICAAAA
Jan 13, 2012, The anniversary just passed by, HLN is talking about it now and I feel like I was there because I committed this video to memory XD
27:52
The storytelling was good but there were too many incorrect animations, happening opposite commentary and many others
That's weird I don't remember the music in the crash being this
Just a fun fact: the pronunciation of captain Schettino's name [sketyno] sounds very similar to Czech word "sketa" meaning "a despicable coward and backstabber".
The storytelling of this incident alone is spectacular but holy moley that ad was just mindblowingly good
It's strange but i can actually FEEL this video.
ok youtube i will watch it stop putting it in my recommended
good vid but dislike for shitVPN
18:30 -> Dead Space sountrack (the hunter)
Love the Nordvpn ad insert.
46:30 "No more 45 minutes videos on the main channel, back to 10-15 minutes and MORE OF THEM." Yeah, about that...
I didn't believe the ship was cursed until 14:25 and now i'm certain it was more cursed than the black pearl
well now 10 years since the sink
I would think you would be fired after crashing one ship , but hay third times a charm .
What is the music at 24:25?
This is one of the best Costa Concordia documentaries I've ever seen.
After watching this video I can tell you really love Halo… As an Italian who vividly remembers this tragedy, I commend your work, for being so thorough and accurate in researching this video
I thought this was about bolo tanks.
I usually don’t care how long it’s been since a new IH video but if a whole year goes by…..I will cry
sorry but i have to disagree about the part about it being the largest disaster since the Titanic ever heard of the Empress of Ireland only 2 years after the titanic it sunk taking the lives of 1,012 of the 1,477 people onboard
No more 45min videos, 10-15 minute videos and more of them. “10 months later”
the linus intro, and the keemstar intro brought tears of joy to my eye. truly beautiful
The original edit was funnier
did the creator of the video die?
Very informative, and I'm loving the crazy animations
they changed the song playing during the crash, its a lot worse
Please. PLEASE!!!!!!!!! DO ELIZABETH HOLMES. THERANOS CEO
È stato surreale vedere la sigla del TG5 in un video di Internet Historian
Best ship sink doc ever made
27:54 I had to stop the video for 5 whole minutes after this bit as I was laughing so hard
Very amusing, thank Donut😁
Капитана зовут Скотина. Что может пойти не так?
Its only a matter of time before one of these sinks with everyone getting drown. These death traps are run as cheap as possible.
Mr IH, when will there be a new video on this channel? I have watched them all (...maybe fallout of 76 about 4000 times also), and all of Incognito Mode vids.  Love your face - Nordman.
10 years
I imagine the bell was stolen cause it would be suuuuuper valuable to the right buyer. A ship’s bell is a major ceremonial object, it’s part of tradition. Even submarines, ships that have no use for a bell, have them.
F in the chat for Ave Maria in the crashing sequence :( copyright takes another victim
I think IH was a bit wrong and this IS the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic wasn't a cruise ship but an ocean liner. Small detail but I couldn't unthink it.
can we please talk about the use of Italian supercars and how everyone has one
this is great !!!!
Hello Everyone in 2022. 👋
I come back to this video every once in a while hoping maybe, just maybe, he'll have released a new massive video but he hasn't. Just when the world needed him most, he vanished.
It’s been 10 years…nuts man
0:9 "Its Been eight years", since he last uploaded
i went on a cruise and this video was all i could think about
So no more videos my freind?
That little noise you made to replicate the ending of titanic when Rose throws the necklace away.... fuck me man I was in bits..
Man, I can't wait until you start posting back here again. You B channel stuff is OK, but I miss The Internet Historian
I'm italian so i think i can help you "le verità sommerse" al 41:02 means "the underwhater thruts" or "the sunken thruts"
Did the music at 8:36 get copyright striked? If so then damn thats not cool, that was a bit off putting to say in the least.
I miss u
Unbelievable.
This is Internet Historian's masterpiece.
hey internet historian in  jesse  gillett video  costa concordia jabuaru 2021 if name video is costa concordia revisited tiny sailors world roblox video and the a comments  ohay internet  historuan
31:50 No waaaaay xDD
Maybe next time write a description of what the video is about and then i'll watch it
I love my ship like I love my wife  -Schettino
10 year anniversary❤️
I'm rewatching this basically every two months, because this is genious.... Well done!
This is best YouTube video in a long time! So funny! :D
I'm so sorry you had to watch enough Keemstar to come up with enough audio clips for that one tiny segment. My condolences
10 years since the tragedy
4:00 I love how this guy put a detail on his work :D Her hand really make me laugh
Did you forget the login for your account?
Not complaining or anything but as someone who’s watched this about a billion times I can’t even describe the horror I felt when the crash no longer happened to Ave Maria I really thought I was going crazy
Top notch documentary
10th anniversary of what is one of the most gloriously fantastic and ironic fails in maritime history...lol!
10 years later
the musiiiiiic is so goooood 6:50
ten years today
Who’s here 10 years later?
Came back to watch this on the 10th anniversary of the wreck of the Costa Concordia. It’s crazy that this tragedy comes down to the complacency  of a handful of people, and the lack of accountability from all but one of the involved parties
Love your content! You ever think about doing a short video on World of Warcraft's corrupted blood incident?
Who here for the 10 year anniversary party
Ten years ago today.
Ten years to the day since this disaster. Thank you Internet Historian for the best damn Costa Concordia video on YouTube!
It has now been 10 years since the Costa Concordia sank.
big bravo to humor in this video, BUT, 32 people died, so that's not funny at all...and captain acted like total psycho/socio...
Anniversary
10 Years Ago, 570 Million Dollars went down at the bottom of the Ocean.
"Back to 10-15 min videos BUT more of them" he says
10 months huh
It's been ten years.
3:17 lmao 🤣
Ten years ago today.  RIP to the 32 who died that day
10 years ago today, boys.
The dude at 32:11 (plastic surgery guy) just died of Covid.
10-year anniversary innit m8.
🖤 We need another video. 😥
The whole ship is tilted. Captain: "Ladies and gentlemen, don't worry! We're just experiencling some SLIGHT ELECTRICAL issues. (Hehe, I think, they bought it...)"
10 years today. Where the bell at doe?
Rewatching this to commemorate the Costa Concordia. It's been 10 years now. RIP
Well, it's been 10 years, today. Time to watch this video again for the nth time.
CBSN JUST TALKED ABOUT WRECK BUT NO MENTION OF IH'S MASTERPIECE. THEY SHOULD HAVE SAID "GO WATCH IH'S DOCUMENTARY ABOUT IT" LOSERS
10 year anniversary of the Costa Concordia.
This is where they got the idea for Resident Evil Revelations isn't it?
6:22 *This video and situation in a nutshell*
Its been..... 10 !!! YEARS !   Today. If TV was any good they would have bought your Documentary.   But lets not get tangled up in negative stuff. Get Back on Boa..... Track !  Love your Videos ? When is the next ? :D
The best joke in the video was “back to 10 minute videos and more of them”. Classic.
I love how not-italian dude can understand how fucked is Italy without fall in stereotypes.
The best character in this is the non Italian or English speaking assistant who fled lmfao what a chad
Ten years later, Schettino's existence is still a stain on each and every Italian. He's doing sixteen years, but one day he'll get out. When he does, someone's bound to kick his ass for good
Good grief it's been 10 years today
Happy 10th anniversary Costa Concordia.
Rewatching on the 10 year anniversary of the crash even though I have already watched this three times this week.
Returning to this vid on the day of the10th anniversery of the costa concordia who is with me
43:52
It's been 10 years...
23:33: 21 AM
Cruise ships like this shouldn't even exist, let alone allowed to be controlled by bozos like this. I just really feel bad for all the people that thought they were treating themselves to a nice time and ended up dying at the hand of an idiot.
10 years ago tonight.
The "hero" is now in the italian senate quoting communists
Largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic?   The MS Estonia begs to differ.  852 lost souls.
10 years
10th anniversary gang!
Happy 10 year anniversary boys
yes titanic or costa concordia
in the sinking of the costa concordia
Italian here. This video was the Comedy Gold we italians strive for.
30:44 hahaha!
We just now realize that today is been a 10th Anniversary since this disastrous event occurred. Times really flew by.
HAPPY COSTA CONCORDIA DAY
Happy 10 years y’all
Happy 10 year anniversary 🥂
13 January 2012 - 13 January 2022 Ten years passed since the accident
10 months already, this video is so impactfull. the Concordia's History.
It 10 years ago the ship was struck in Italy 🇮🇹 😢
Costa Concordia 10 Year Anniversary!!!
Costa Concordia: *_*Sinks near the coast*_* Cpt. Francesco Schettino and his staff:  *_zFlees their post while 300 innocent lives on board their sinking vessel are still in danger*_* Titanic: *_*Sinks in the middle of The Atlantic*_* Captain Edward J. Smith and his staff:  *_*Goes down with the ship to increase the chances that the innocent guests that they were responsible for to be rescued*_*
Today (13/01/22) is the ten year anniversary of the disater.  RIP to the victims.  Tempted to build this ship in Minecraft.
jesus christ man do you see these views? like please upload more content like this. i literally binge watch your videos every few months. i can't keep waiting every 2 years for a new video... i just can't.  please. PLEASE. just one more video...      just one more...
YOU RUINED MAGIC FOR ME YOU RUINED IT RUINEDDDDDDDDDDD
Internet historian should be paid to do every major event in human history for the library of congress.
Today it is the 10th anniversary of the disaster. 2012 was 10 years ago.
Hello Internet Historian. I am just commenting at 12:02 AM EST to say that today marks the ten year anniversary of the disaster.
11 months and nothing new.............INTERNET HISTORIAN, WHY!!!????
A lot of the stuff that was “stolen” was probably taken as passengers were leaving. I ain’t mad at them for taking a few wads of cash out of the til…they kind of deserve it given the circumstances.
In two months we'll have the one year anniversary since IE has done anything on his main channel... I still come back in hopes that this changes.
Please post more this is a formal demand!
Proper howling at this
this video sucks
Rewatching this a few times, I think the key to Scatino's charm is that he looks almost 1 to 1 like Ian McShane: Italian Version
The Halo soundtrack was a nice surprise.
We miss you ;)
How do you feel that SBS is doing a documentary on the Costa Concordia?
She's wild, those eyes give her a ten on the crazy scale, it would not pass Barney Stinson test
what are the hidden channels? im hungry
What I don't understand: The captain must have known the difficulties of the helmsman in understanding commands because he had been sailing with him for several days on this cruise. Why didn't Schettino in this critical phase push the helmsman away from the steering wheel and took over steering himself instead of giving commands. Or was Schettino unable to steer the ship himself?  Apparently this only involved turning the wheel in the right direction and Schettino knew what course he wanted to steer. So why not steer the course himself. Also why was there no resistance of the other officers on the bridge to this hazardous course? Is there no crew resource management taught for the crew on the bridge of a ship? Isn't that place more or less equivalent to the cockpit of an airplane? It appears that there is hardly any kind of international regulation as far as the safe operation of commercial ships is concerned at least with regards to crew training.
Happy 10th anniversary of the Sinking of the Costa Concordia!
I like the please behave yourself at the start
Did...did the song that plays during the collision scene change?
This is a masterpiece.
If this is the largest ship disaster since Titanic, then what about m/v Estonia? 852 people died there.
We'd really love it if you did a video about Anna Chapman and her whole case
10 years today.
Happy 10 year anniversary!
What's the name of the song playing during the part where you can see the damage of the ship
Your content is amazing. No one puts this much effort into their videos, and even if they did no one would have the raw talent for story-telling and comedy like you. This is one of your best works. Keep up the good work, can't wait to see your next video!
Loved the video but "victims of violence, women's rights (girl power) yadayadayada"?? She's overdramatic as hell in that other clip (not to mention grossly insensitive with the 'I die for the second time' stuff) but that's so dismissive
Cost of Concordia: $1088.88 Shipping: >$1,200,000,000.00
plz come back
How does one so incompetent rise to be the Captain?  From a security guard?  The similarities of the way the media in Italy handled this and the Amanda Knox saga is remarkable.  They are very big on makin the women out to be crazy, bitches and sex crazed and shit.
Seems like cruise ship companies aught to be required to place an amount of money sufficient to remove sunk or ships run aground into an account they can't touch that can be accessed by whatever local countries those accidents damage the coat line of.
This should be on IMAX. And whoever took that bell better be using it as a planter for several ficus trees.
8:37 damn he changed the music....
It's sad that someone who arguably is responsible for the death of 33 people only got 16 years sentence, which lets be real it won't last that long. He'll probably be released much sooner. Call me extreme but I say a life for a life. Life sentence for the murder or a person.
Just 2 months till the next main channel video
"you're not allowed to film" lol
Release another video goddmanit
43:50 excellent reference
did you die?
Ive always had a fear of cruise ships this account just makes it worse.
31:44 LOL!!!!!
So, as per usual - people died and everyone responsible got it easy because of their status/wealth. Amazing.
10 months and counting, geez,...you surely are taking your sweet time to release a new video
"more often" so that was a lie.
I thought I was done the video, looked at the time and I only watched 9 minutes...
Man. What an astonishing piece of work. I could have known right away though, one does not include MGS 2 tanker incident, Halo Undercover of night and Vice city main theme in the soundtrack incidentally!
We need you bro…. You are the best content on this platform…
Unsung heroes, the mecanics
I'm glad I found this
I miss you, pls come back. Your videos are among the only ones i watch to the end :)
0:10 me when internet historian uploads a new video
Just release the flawed, completed videos. Please.
“From now on, only short videos and more of them!”
I thought you were going to slow down on the long ass videos that take forever to make?
bruh time to upload something
My man sacrificed an entire batch of spaghetti for a bit, mad respect
Don’t tell me you got copyright striked on that classical music when the ship hit the rock….
"Vada a boardo cazzo"
sighh....10 months ago
Theres your Diversity Hire in action.. cant wait untill the nuclear facilitys start hiring like this .lol some genderpretending zebra who only speeks ebonix.. will blow a chunk out of the world ala chernobyl 2 the revenge of.
for a head of security to make it all the way up to captaincy, speaks about the drugs they were running
6:44 this is great
pay attention to the captain and to the lady that attempts to stop filming. these people should be brought to justice. until then - more deaths.
>Captain wiith a history of poor decision making and crashing ships >Bridge crew that are inexperianced and Don't all speak the same language >Captain being in complete denial that something is wrong until it's almost too late >Very poor communication between, crew, staff and passangers >Overall a complete clownshow from everyone (except the engineers and mechanics. who were MVPs)  Media: IT WOMMAN FAULT CUZ WOMAN WAS SEX TO CAPTAIN AND HE COUNLD THINK AND SUNK SHIP   Have you ever been slut-shamed so bad, the media blamed you for an ENTIRE CRUISE SHIP SINKING?
This video already feels like a YouTube classic.
Sounded like a total cluster fukerini to me.
why bother with numbers, shouldn't just have life in jail? 32 kills? I barely get 1 on COD multiplayer. This guy had a killstreak going on!
Story behind Linus shiptips?
This is just a classic study in how errors and complacency can pile up until they hit critical mass.
Skullgirls music? I see you are a man of culture
I want you o know that I found a Holiday card collection of Harold in varying poses.
30:50 wtf is she even talking about
Fun fact: in the Instagram post of Dominica where she is in a cockpit of an airplane, there is a comment in Italian that reads "Let cockpits alone please"
Note about the jail time Schettino will serve: 16 years cut to 11 (one third goes for good beahviour), cut minus the time in house arrest before verdict ...
Where art thou historian?
hear that johnny, 53 meter gash, could be your motha
Where is new videos it's almost a year my guy
Almost 11 months...
Geography time! 31:04  Moldova is NE of Romania, S of the Ukraine.
fuck the bag
I feel really uneasy with this video. Nothing wrong with the scripting, editing, etc.. which is top notch as usual.  The problem I have is that the tone of this video is a comedy when many people died.  It's completely fine to make fun of the incompetence of the people behind the Fyre festival or fallout 76 because apart from money and time, nothing really important has been lost. And some people will get memories for life. Here, people lost their loved ones.
i thought he would of done another vid by at least now lol almost been a year
He makes fun of us Americans, all the time for saying there isn’t a main channel anymore.  But does he realize that it’s literally just 1 month until he officially hasn’t uploaded for a whole year?
Remember when this channel released videos?
Is the Kiwi accent, isnt it?
All in all why would the captain having a mistress be anything bad?
I love this video and watch it at least once a month, but I wish InternetHistorian was able to keep the original music :D
8:30 The music changed, it wasn't like that before
YOO 12m views lesss goo
24:21 Looks like something out of fallout, horrifying once you remember it’s real
Lol that fn ending with the old lady noise destroyed me
Maybe it’s the shared themes of incompetence and denial by responsible parties, but I kinda want to see you do one on Chernobyl now.
Got brads wife in my recommended again pls come back
People who are not white should never touch a vehicle of any sort.. Ever. They should own a simple thing as a rock. And thats the end of it.
Where are the 15 mins video? :(
Schettino won't be out until 2033
Who say you're allow
33:57 I'm sorry what? edit: 37:42 again?!
This is how every story should be told. You do good work, Internet Historian! Keep it up!
fuck youtube, ok, im going to watch it. STOP recommending it to me!
8:38 Why the change from the opera piece to this lounge stuff? Copyright issues?
This is soooooo good, Netflix shoould start showing your documentaries
Linus fecking ship tips..
Great story telling my man
:(
10 months.
Aghhhh i neeeeeed a medic bag!!
Very based, plz make another video
We need more bangers like this!!!
He's one of the good ones, hope his families are okay.
Needs to be a rule where every crew member speaks the same language or can understand each other fluently
35:09 Saul Goodman
Can we have a new video pls
The captain was a hero he was the last to leave the ship.
$500 million ship and they want a budget driver with no experience…that seems like a good place to cut costs…btw love the attention to accuracy. It’s a well known fact all Italians drive Ferraris and Lambos…
I normally have no faith in crowds, but I'm thoroughly impressed the passengers had more caution and safety concern than anyone. Life vests went on, everyone went to muster stations. Fucking career naval officers would be proud, I think.
I guess some more internet history has to happen before he returns
Awesome misogynist joke about the "girl power" when women clearly are still being treated unequally and then molestation joke later...
yo what happened? its almost been a year and no new video?
ship:turns into it's side  bottles at 24:28 : laughs menacingly
This story is so sad but this guy's edits are so amazing I couldn't help but laugh the entire time.
Trying to make a disaster like this seem funny, is not funny.
Amazingly entertaining 👏 bravo, defo subscribing, please continue making vids.
So that idiot rose up to be a captain in no time, had crew members just as unqualified as himself, already crashed 2 times before this and all of that probably because he smuggled drugs big time? Really sounds like a whole conspiracy waiting to be unraveled... nice one.
Schettino's last name pronounced similar to Russian 'скотина', which means 'bastard' when referred to a person.
9 years
Where are the new videos? ?
wtf Hollow Knight music
What happened to the girl in the magic box???
domnica in the plane :  passengers : noooo, please, god, nooooo!
How the fuck do you sleep through a giant ship listing 90°??? While inside it?!?!?!
I’m taking the day off when the next video comes out
You are no allowed? If this was in america that woman get a slap and a full face film for mother F.... how a human can be so mother F in situations like this? Dam...
It's weird going back to these videos and seeing things cut out or music changed. Worth the rewatch though.
IT'S BEEN 10 MONTHS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
did you change the music during the crash scene????
So, this guy wrecked two ships and they let him on a third one.  Genius!!
46:30 *10 months later* So that was a fuckin lie
It’s even more funny the 2nd & 3rd time
Pls come back
What's the deets count on Scatino?
These Transitions between each chapter are killing me. Excellent video, I learned a lot! Glad I clicked on it when it popped up on my recommended.
That Hollow Knight ost working hard!
There they are. . .THE DEETS *laugher*
there was also someone who let his wife and kids aboard the last lifeboat, in other words a true gentleman...   ...and then he drowned because he couldnt swim
me love you
I think he not only forgot his password, he forgot his email too...
with that Halo 3 song !
Why was the Music changed?
I like your 45 min videos 😭
When one your favourite YouTubers hasn't uploaded in a while so you keep rewatchjng their latest video. 🙃
Make more content!
please make new videos
It has been a yeah, here is ya
32 lives lost. and the captain didn't even serve a year in jail for each of them.
Rewatching in hopes that, one day, we will get more content
You guys changed the music ?
"aye she was CURSED" *oh my gawd*
we miss u king
This makes me mad.
32:11 RIP
“Back to ten minute videos and more of them”  😐😐😐
Was the music at 8:30 altered because of a copyright strike? Damn shame if it was. The original music you used was a very fitting and hilarious choice.
Where are you funny man
The engineers and the technical teams are the true heroes.
See, its stories like this that make people wish the Deathnote was real.  Praise to the people who worked hard and saved lives but goddamn, too many people getting away with slaps on the wrist for their wrongdoings...
Man I wish if I got the good's
Am I the only one who just cant skip these sponsored segments, despite doing so on every other youtube creator ever?
The comparison shots of the ship between when it was new and when it was salvaged and ruined were genuinely very haunting and solemn.
hearing an mgs2, splinter cell chaos theory and payday 2 track in this video is giving me a light head
Ahh yes. The history of sinking ships. The nostalgia is epic. Just as epic as one of the performers fear of sinking! Do not fear his friends told him. Little did they know 10 seconds From there they'ed be screaming trying to ballance on the toppled floor.
I always click this video because of the nice looking pasta in the thumbnail.
Why was the video reuploaded?
This was nothing but a masterpiece.
I hope that deputy mayor became full time mayor soon after.
So much for 10 min videos on the main channel more often
What happens to the original music at 8:50
"I'm new, thanks for the patience!" 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣
“Back to 10-15 minutes and more of them” Damn they must have been uploaded to the secret channels then
ಠ_ಠ
we Italians are really great
quanta costa concordia? :)
definitely ghost ship yes
defalco is a hero :)
wel..
Schettino is lucky he doesn't live in the days where he'd be executed for half the shit he pulled.
australians are the florida men down under
The bottle smashing being considered bad luck is real. It is so real that at some launchings they attach the bottle to a hydraulic ram that launches the bottle at the ship at high speed to guarantee it breaks.
Fantastico.
"Hey we have a 450 million dollar ship, should we make sure we have a competent captain and crew? We can probably afford it."  "Nah, it'll be fine."
Where’d you go, I miss you so, seems like it’s been forever that you’ve been gone
39:03 does anyone know where I can find this?
i dont know why but i kinda feel bad for the helm man
First off, I didn't even realize the video was almost 47 minutes long. Secondly, I had no idea 47 short minutes had passed. This was pure gold!
Domnica is Rachel Dratch's best character bar none
Say what you want about old EJ but at least he went down with the ship
8.35 The music has been changed, was it copyrighted?
There something very funny to me about those guys getting caught by the scuba police underwater. Like they can’t say anything to each other so they just stare at eachother
Nowadays 2 compartments maximum can be breached? In Titanic's day it was 4.
OGs remember the original collision music
For me the most mind-blowing fact is the number of bad luck omen coincidences lol. Friday 13th, 2012 the supposed year of bad luck, 100th year of titanic anniversary, the bottle of champagne... Like damn.
The end with the bell had me in stiches 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 *DOOOONGG----SPLASH! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Well the Estonia was the largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic, not this
Next video coming out on the aniversery of this one?
Inject me with something, daddy IH
At least the magician helped his assistant. The crappy captain should have gone down with the ship. The helmsman should be punished too. What a fucking shitstain.
huh, what happened to the opera singer soundtrack when the ship hits?, that was one of the funniest bits and now it just sounds weird.
CAN YOU PLEASE COME BACK TO SHIT ON 2042 we got cyberpunked again we need your counsel.
this is why you shouldn’t go on cruise
Did he just change the music during the slow-mo crash sequence? Damn opera copyright.
The guy who couldn’t speak English who fled should get life..he made the fatal error then ran
If this is somehow a surprise to anyone you will never see a corporation incur criminal responsibilities for anything ever, it’s the reason corporations exist to defer criminal liability. Occasionally one or two higher ups in an organization will take a fall but that’s about it.
There’s no way that they didn’t find any drugs at all on a cruise liner…simply not possible.
You know maybe we shouldnt put all our vital equipment inside the compartments made to take on water?
The amount of times I've watched this video, it's been up all year, and I'm watching it again. The amount of work and effort you have put in fucking shows, it's almost intimidating
This is the only video posted to the channel in the entirety of 2021
The fact that there's people in Domnica's Instagram, harassing her and blaming her as if she was completely to blame for the accident is just... Wow. This vid doin' numbers on people. lol
Ahh this video has my favorite joke in it 46:30
I have seen this at least five times now. It ain't getting even slightly boring.
Internet Historian, if your reading this, my wife and I have made an entire human being since your last video.
28:48 I need to know what this is from
my guy died of ligma. sad but true
SCHETTINO SCHETTINO
I miss the Montserrat aria when the collision happens…
There's a sadder more terrible version of this called sewol incident
Come on, man! We need a new upload!
one main channel video for a whole year?
just noticed the song in the collision bit is different to last time i watched
That child was a Nark! SNITCHES GET STITCHES
Sam, IH, who's next?
But why does it matter that all that stuff got  looted sense it's not like it was gonna go anywhere and all the evidence is already compremised by the water
Is this a dead channel?
dont make us beg for new content goddamit
I think schettino wouldn't even have gone to prison if only he had not abandoned the ship. I think that alone got him 16 years in prison. an incredibly bad decision, considering that he could have gotten away with just staying on the bridge or up on deck with essentially no risk of death the way the ship ended up not sinking. the people at risk where those below deck trying to get out or searching for people to help, and schettino could totally have gotten away with not doing any of that by claiming that he needed to keep a full view of the situation from above.
Please make a video about the worst industrial disaster of mankind, the infamous 'Bhopal gas tragedy' of 1984 in which over 3000-4000 people died and about 50000 still suffer. Please you are my fav historian.
46:01 the little Rose letting go of the Heart of the Ocean whine was fucking perfect.
30:09 that is some expert emoji use!
fuckin upload
"lemme just check on her insta- OH GOD NOT AGAIN!"  XDXDXDXD
Lucky the ships close to shore… TOO CLOSE- that part is me dying
<3 i love you internet historian senpai, plz notice me xoxo
Bro… main channel content… more.
The next video is in just a couple days. I can feel it.
Based Hungarian moment
I hate ads, but thats got to be the best ad for Nord VPN I've seen on a creator's channel!!! Brilliant video!
More videos like this please!!!
6:20 - 8:35 should have its own Initial D soundtrack
Just for anyone curious, Moldova is actually a tiny little Dorito of land in eastern Europe nestled between Romania and Ukraine 👍
Wait a sec, all the music used in the original vid changed now...
...and he said "LMAOXD"   I m DONE 🤣
almost been a year my dudes almost there, theres gotta be a video soon
Best Nord VPN advertiser! Genius!
I dont give a $hit about the Concordia, just give us a  follow-up on the VPN case.
Yeah, this is the reason why I’m never getting in a cruise ship
When are you going to upload to main channel?
This must be among the best videos on youtube. Dunno how many times i have watched this by now...
oooh hollow knight music
My third complete viewing of this masterpiece. It never gets old.
17:31 hey she has a bob cut
The sea is a cruel mistress.
The captain deserves the gallows.
Hollow Knight OST really surprised me.
come on *pokes with stick publish a new video already *pokes twice
everything’s good until you see: posted 10 months ago…
We are past the peak of western civilization, no longer “the best it’s ever been”, that’s a fallacy, it isn’t true.
this jacob guy got away with murder literally.
At least the compensation they offered was more that the compensation we (USA) offer to families of civilians our military accidentally murders.
the shiptips bit fucking killed me lol
25:44 LMAOOO that got me so hard the Overwatch loot boxes hahahah 10/10
Imagine hearing “My heart will go on” while your on a sinking ship!! That’s not by accident! That’s some sick fuck I tell ya hahahaha
is it me was music replaced in this video?
Jesus Christ loves you
This place be like the Sahara sometimes.
come back 😒 we miss you
I am beyond disappointed you didn't put Lawsuites at 31:58, other than that great video
not gunna lie some of my fave parts are the nord BPN adds >.>
22:15 - "From here we only have mainstream news reports so it's not going to be super accurate".  It's sad how true that is.   The fact that they were telling passengers to go back to their cabins when they *knew* the ship was sinking, was little short of murder.
"Back to 10-15 minute content, and there's going to be more of it"  And then he lost his password again
38:30
It's sad hes forgotten the YouTube password he changed. This is a complete masterpiece.  Here's to a single video in 2022!
Literally WoWS players who stick a brand new captain into their their tier 10.
These are simultaneously the best and worst videos on the internet. The poor animation makes it so much funnier.   Found this channel today—thanks for the laughs!
22:08 I have a new idol
"Let me just check what OH GOD NOT AGAIN..."  I'M DEAD. I'M FUCKING DEAD.
WHERES THE 10-15 MIN VIDEOS INTER? I DONT CARE ABOUT YOU RUNNING AWAY AFTER SUMITO POINTS YOU OUT AT CON,  I WANT MAIN CHANNEL NORD MAN!  Also keep up the good work you goddamn kiwi/Aus.
Make a new video
i know its suppose to be funny but i cant laugh at an incident merely 10 years ago... those are people who could have been alive today to see the world. anger fills me up seeing each of their arrogant mistake despite it being doused in humour
Titanic was an ocean liner, not a cruise ship.
whats the song 40:23?
14:25 WHY WOULD THAT SONG EVEN BE IN ROTATION
When a new Internet Historian video is released: 0:09
hello, what's the name of that song on 38:31 ?
Yet another example of why you don't play with the ocean. No matter how big your ship is, the ocean can swallow it whole if it wants to at any time.
>Rosalyn Rincon  Don't you mean... Rosalyn RAYCON?
The music changed when the ship hit what’s up with that?
Can you make a video about theranos??
so many memes. How much effort was put into them alone? Great video.
Ah, Internet Historian. Hmmm, good video. Think I'll binge watch rest of channel... 10 mins later... Wait, what? Checks age of channel. What, surely there must be more content? Checks time... Still the same evening... Hmm... The End.
6:37 background music name?
Bruh, where you been?!?! its been like 10 months 😐 ... I know you still there, you keep makin incognito vids
Lord historian, may I beseech thee for another video for the year. Thanks fam.
31:49 LMAFO
Is there no sensor to detect how many compartment is fully flooded? wouldn't that immediately tell the ship is compromised?
I SAID WHO SAY YOU ARE ALLOW TO MAKE FILM MOVIE 😠
The South Korean couple sleeping through a fucking ship sinking is such a fat mood
Have I been Mandela effect'd or did there use to be a different track at 8:36
Dud you there?
I hope internet historian's resolution this year is to upload more content ;-;
10 months, its been ten months 😢  as a fellow kiwi I can say im going into internet historian withdrawal
The biggest cruise ship disaster next to the titanic was the MS Estonia. Over 850 ppl died on that ship
but it is now 10 months old
It's the Halo 2 and 3 soundtracks that's been used for this video for me hahaha particularly the Flood Theme during the courtroom/auditorium clip. Bellissimo
2:14
This should be playing in film festivals
Only 16 years???
38:31 That edit is amazing.
We are to the point of one video a year
I hope his new video has to do with the depressing release of cyber punk and how much of a train wreck that is
I miss internet historian
It have been 10 months. New vid please 🥺
For the three people who’re wondering, Moldova is sandwiched between Romania and Ukraine.
I’ve watched this 6 or 7 times from start to finish. By far one of the best docs on YouTube.
What a great channel and videos !!!! Please keep the great content coming
WTF 08:37 He Need to change the Music :(
Wow
41:02 it's basically a joke, it means "The sunk truth" like a hidden truth
19:23 nice hollow knight music (hornet)
IH passed away a few weeks ago due to covid. RIP
cant wait about the NFTs
Cool video and all but. When is the next one?
Lol I have moved to a new house, got a new job and he still hasn't released a new main channel video.
Only one video for all of 2021. Wow.
"Dump it" Have no idea that meme was in the video.
6:46 anyone know what word he said here?
Did you make a whole bowl of spaghetti for a "The Deets" skit?
Damn, let´s try again in 90 years.
Cyberpunk 2077???
It’s a shame they had to change some of the music in his version…
This channel has been abandoned :(
“But I’m not the superstitious type” with the boat going under the ladder... barely 2 minutes in and I’m already crying laughing
to be honest, this was a disaster not only caused by negligence, but by a series of unfortunate events. The bridge staff's negligence was definitely at fault here, but there wasn't much they could do once the ship was heading straight to the shore.  My first thought at 6:06 was to throw the ship in reverse and drop both anchors at once, of course giving an announcement for the passengers to brace. However, the ship wouldn't have been able to slow in time, and the weight of the ship against the anchors would probably have snapped the chains. Their attempt to swerve past the rocks was probably the best choice.  At 14:00, I wouldn't have lied to the passengers. With the ship tilting, multiple rooms flooded, and electrical offline, I would have prioritized the safety of the passengers and crew before my job. I would have tried to inform them in a calm manner to go to their muster stations.  Then I would have called the harbormaster to inform them of the serious problem we were having, asking them to send a rescue team.  I would then have told the engineering team to seal off the compartments on the port side of the one that flooded and then purposefully flood them to equalize the ship, letting every lifeboat on the vessel be utilized. The passengers were to be loaded first because we as the crew are responsible for their safety.  Anyone that couldn't make it off the ship would be informed to go to the highest deck of the ship and await a rescue boat. When it arrived, I would be the last person to disembark.  I realize that this is all said in hindsight and it may not have gone that way, but I would have put my passenger's safety ahead of my job or reputation.
Halo 3 theme so damn good with the scenes you showed
How long will it take for a new video 00:11
The car break joke during the Nord ad and that "shut the fuck up", *chef kiss*.
I constantly rewatch this just to enjoy him saying compensation.
just like in the Titanic, IT'S BEEN 84 YEARS
He may not have a ship anymore but we can guarantee Schettino is most likely going down to this day. Hope he can hold his breath.
He told the captain to GET THE FUCK. BACK ON BOARD.
Guess what. 10 months and there is still no sign of a new video
playing the titanic theme during a damn ship crash disguised as a black-out? that's a morbid sense of humor if I've ever seen one
The before and after images part of the video is heartbreaking we truly have no idea how much time and love and care that went into making that huge ship.
Now that I wonder...how did she explain 21:34? "nah that ain't me"?
Is this a re edit? I remember hearing a more opera kind of song when the ship crashes on the rocks... Anyway, happy new year!
homeboy literally post ONE video in the whole year...
I would of shown that blonde girl just stripping the whole time the ships going down. Like nothing bad is happening party on !
internet historian is my favorite filmographer  25:20, i take it back, this man is a threat to humanity
I mean to be honest, if I slept with Schettino I'd do anything I could to deny it. Man, that's fucking gross. 🤢
This was just a shit show from the start wasnt it?
>more of em Literally 1 video this entire year
What have I stumbled upon.
man you ever see a man like the captain and go "that fellow should walk the plank!" such a beautiful ship... ruined by the captains total jackass stunt.
"Shorter videos and more of them" ...still waiting
10 months fly high 🙏🙏👼👼
did anyone notice internethistorian's also has intern this tory
Jesus it's been more than 10 months since the last main channel video.  Internet Historian seems to be on the CGP Grey upload schedule
okay, who's the jerk who copyrighted the opera music during the collision scene?
10 months  Le cry
At 4:15 there's a bit of payday 2 music. Think it's razormind. Not sure  And again at 6:52
So.. I watch these videos every once in a while.. even though I've seen em before yeah? And... copyright got internet historian too @8:35 ...Damn.. The original was.. dope :P still great video though lads! keep it up.
she died 3 times
Can't wait new video
I predict there wont be a new video this year
2:06 Me: has flashbacks from Jurassic park the lost world
RIP to OG crash music here
My sister knew someone who was on board, the person is blind and is still traumatized to this day.
Epic informative video, but now you are part of the internet's history
jazz
What a pos captain
how I feel waiting for the next main channel upload @0:09
Schettino got only 16 years? That's one lenient penal system.
“It’s been… 8 years”  Ahh yes, just like the next internet historian video.
They had TWO options, Tractor Beam or Decompressing the main shuttle bay. They went with the tractor beam.
Was the captain thrown under the bus? Kinda, but it wasn't exactly unjustified either, if he had raised the emergency when it was clear shit had kicked off I'd bet no one would have lost their lives. At the same time, those that hired the man who couldn't speak English OR Italian because it was cheaper are just as responsible, it's their job to make sure the right staff are on such a potentially dangerous ship.
didnt know gabbie hanna was a captain's mistress
Almost a year this guy is cooking something hot
There's something horrifically effective about getting a cruise commercial on the tail end of this video.
Even if I watch this video 15 times, I will still be EXTREMELY tense when it comes to so many of these scenes. Probably best video I've ever watched.
So by causing many deaths, and hundreds of millions in damages, the captain only gets 16 years in prison, and the company only gets a slap on the wrist. What a shit world we live in aye
that bell at the end lol
10 months
10 months since a video came out on the main channel plz release a video
The Linus intro is great
Rest In Peace Russel Rebello. Balls of Steele unlike that cowardly “captain”. Yuck I’m only halfway through this I sincerely hope “captain” (I refuse to learn his name) did some solid hard time. 32 people man.
My question is how in the hell did the head of security become captain of a 500M$ ship? Actually I know the answer, whoever made this dumb decision should also be in deep shit.
Internet Historian is really becoming an Historiarian after not uploading for 10 months and having videos older than your mom.
im sorry is the third officer geoffrey landgraab aged up to an elder
Sewol ferry next?
Linus Shiptips lmao
11:14 LOL
What a well told story.
"The captain's going ALL IN." Hahahaha
Vada a bordo
I love the presentation of the Concordia as the marxian farce to go with the Titanic's tragedy.
31:45 I died on that part LMAO
Can't wait for the Activision Blizzar video
08:36 when did the music change?
I need me fix, mate. Get to it please.
14:32 of course that’s what’s playing
Anybody know the music at 24:10
As a former US Navy navigator, all I can say is that the scene on the bridge was an absolute clusterfuck. Zero discipline and a severe lack of training.
'no more 45min videos, instead expected 15 to 20min videos more often.' so that was a fucking lie
Your videos have helped me through the darkest of days. Thank you.
The fact that he uses Marriage of Figaro for this, and Non Piu Andrai of all songs, makes me so happy XD
40:24 Can someone tell me what music it is when he hits the pole? I feel like it's a video game but I just cant recall.
Oh no, was the "Montserrat Caballe - O mio babbino caro" song removed from the crash scene? Copyright strike? That song fit so well, it was hilarious!
uploaf
why does everyone need a crappy youtube avatar? Why dont they ever animate the mouth? its always some douchey cartoon that waves its arms around thinkin out loud.
Say what you will about the Titanic, but at least the captain did not cowardly save his own neck. If he did not die while still on the ship, he died in the chaos after the sinking.
Wasn't the sail by salute for the ex workers of the company who lived on the isle? Most ppl on the ship didn't even know about this maneuver. At least according to a documentary I've seen.
I seriously hope the 'sail by salute' was suspended indefintely lmfao
I come back to this masterpiece every 6 months or so ...
I would have thought as a Captain, in such a situation, I would have shoved the helmsman away and steered myself.
hey internet historian, please don't be that channel that winds down to 1 or 2 vids a year with that "subscribe to my second channel / subscribe to my pokemon channel" and then eventually completely drop the channel
Just to make sure, yes I know that the music used in the video is listed in the description. Im just having trouble finding the music used at 13:51 lol
"LINUS SHIP TIPS" XD Gah I need there to be a cross over now
25:21
it’s been 10 months
Still waiting for the next upload.
Damn if they trained orangutans they would do a better job then these lads
Where are the secret channels? I need ALL your content on my face!
When are you coming back mate we need you!!
"shorter videos, and more of them" I love these long videos, it's my third or fourth time watching this. Don't worry about lenght, I'll even watch 4 hours long videos, so make them as long as your script demands.
This is a work of perfection. A master piece. Thank you internet historian
R.I.P. Russel Rebello. Who died helping others
This dude die or something?
its been 10 months since the last video. which means at this rate we should get about 3 more before the next elder scrolls releases.
THAT NORDVPN SKIT LMAO
yo historian are you dead or what?
Skullgirls music automatically triggered an involuntary reaction in me
5:30 music?
lol, imagine hiring a 3rd world janitor to drive your $550M ship for you because he works for scraps
38:30🐯
The hollowknight music suited really well.
this madman actually put up one whole video this year
upload mate
When they say everything is fine  I know where fucked  I would get to a lifeboat and get as much people as possible on it before i do then get the boat in the water
31:54 holly shit.... that is my hometown...
That Nord VPN ad is just gold
what's the song at 38:35 ?
the guy that really fucked up did a db Cooper.
this is funny
I’ll be long dead before you make a new video
10:11 I choked on water when I heard this
25:10
Could ordering full reverse to back down from 16 knots have bought them some time?
I just watched the channel 5 doc on this and yours is way better!
The only ads I’ll ever watch
I love this channel so much
36:30 We interrupt your regular scheduled programming to bring you ... ... ... Fonejacker 😆😆😆
oh my god the music has been changed from santa maria for some reason
I always find myself coming back to this video despite the fact ive seen it a couple of times. That's quality.
the best music to lion to in this video is Classic Italian Music - No Copyright Sounds
NEW VIDJA WHEN????
I thought I get my Christmas present this year. That you would upload something today. Nothing! Why Father Christmas did you forsaken me?
Its been almost a year since you posted a new video. What gives?
watched this on Christmas, thank you Internet Historian!
To get 11 million views on a 40 mins video shows how great this vid is.
10:30 Merry Christmas to you too Internet Historian. It's been a lovely day.
watching this nordvpn ad today just for internet historian to tell me merry christmas
Really really need another video. It’s been too long
That but where it shows the before and after of the ship always hits hard and i don't know why
Poor DeFalco. You have redeemed the Italian nation in my eyes (for a moment). Whatever happens, I will always know you as a hero. It would be an honor to do anything I can for you or you family.
The last week of the year is upon us. Only time will tell if we will get another internet historian video in 2021
A Chad in charge of a ship lol. He was incompetent, by high charisma.
LOOL 40:23 These crudely put-together scenes are hilarious.
um... where dafaq are you?
The music change at 9:00 got me   Did the first one get striked?
I don't know if you'll get a chance to see this Mr. Historian, but a great topic for a video would be Nepal's "Little Buddha". Would be absolutely fascinating to hear your take on it!
i like how anyone they didn't have a picture for is represented by a sim
I'm so sad the crash music changed
This whole video was a roller coaster on a rocket ship. Yes it was deeply frustrating that the crew managed to weasel their way out of their responsibilities, and it was damn near infuriating that Carnival crews not only escaped responsibility for the incident, but their compensating for the victims was absolutely insulting. But in the end it was so damn satisfying that the one true clown behind this hell-show finally got put behind bars.  Truly a milestone in modern history.
all I want for Christmas is you to upload
MAKE A NEW VIDEO
nice.
6 quick things  1.) No more videos on the main channel 2.) Do not ask about the main channel 3.) I have literally never heard of the main channel 4.) No more videos on the main channel 5.) No more videos on the main channel 6.) *No more videos on the main channel*
43:15 "Now trending"   O.o
The video: “Collision.” An insurance ad popping up right after: *“InJuRed iN aN aCciDEnT?”*
6:00 it took me a few watch to realize that's a pun
So much money and they can't hire a fucking designer the ship is ugly as fuck
14:28 who designed that I'll smack them
I am kinda worried that in a situation like this, I'd be stupid enough to listen to orders until it's too late.
A few weeks after the disaster, I boarded the Pacifica, the Concordia's sister ship. The cruise was quite cheap at the time for some reason 😁
Nothing else to say here; this is your magnum opus.
DUDE IT'S BEEN ALMOST A FUCKING YEAR WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU!!!
I refuse to believe that this was 10 months ago
The mayor, the engineers, Rebello, all brave people who put their lives on the line to save others. Give those steeled knackered people your praise.
That harbor master is my hero for putting the captain down and calling him on his phone when he tried to avoid him lol
That captain should be jailed for endangering the lived of others... knowingly!!!
I hear a couple notes and think, "Hey, that's the music Linus Tech Tips uses for their intro."  Was not expecting a full parody logo animation.
Man I just gotta say the framing you use for the visuals is actually fucking fantastic a lot of the time. There are parts that could be a legitimate movie storyboard.
The best bit 25:10
I just realised you havent done a storm area 51 video
I just HOPE that he reincarnates as Vox. Im just high on hopium
it almost has been a year
IT'S BEEN 10 MONTHS OMG
When I watch the reaction to this video by sailor vince, when the collision happens, the music in the scene where all the food is flying around is opera music, not the music I hear in the same scene here. What happened? Are there two different videos?
When you said the ship is going down the only thing I could think of was “it’s going down I’m yelling timber! You better move you better dance”
Very very good
every year he uploads less and less videos. 1 video in 2021, 3 in 2020, 5 in 2019, 11 in 2018, and 20 in 2017. 2017 had almost all of his most legendary videos.
I noticed a lot of music from the Halo games. Giga chad.
This is why I will never ever operate on a cruise ship.
Díky!
love your inclusion of the Vice City music
That indonesian crew fleeing capture is disgusting
He used SCP 96 crying sound. XD
That's the most bizarre of these sponsored ads that I have seen. I still much prefer it over the canned stuff other channels do.
So they had to Change the music in the collision scene, is that really copy written
I cant imagine having a cruiseship do a sail by salute every other night next to your village. Jesus Christ. One day a short tempered Italian man will probably start shooting at ships because of that shit and he will be 100% in the right.
This is probably my favorite video on the internet
If you want a kid to lie for you just actually take them somewhere fun
She has a brain just for suffering psychological damage, that's some advanced bio-engineering right there.
The captain seemed to just be a maximum scumbag. A rare type of creature.
I find the idea of eating spaghetti with one's bare hands offensive somehow.
0:30 the CRISP. WHITE. SHEETS.
This is Colonel Christopher Blair. Report to Admiral Tolwyn. The wreckage of the Concordia has been located on Vespus off the Mistral coast. Evaluation… total loss.
I really don’t understand why the media was so obsessed with proving that there was an marital affair going on during the trip. What would they prove? Who cares if the captains girlfriend was on deck, it’s still the captain and crew’s basic responsibility to make sure the ship doesn’t fucking crash!  It’s such a weird thing for the news to focus on, and the fact it was even relevant in the court case is mind boggling.
If you can get over the over aggressive ads, this is well worth the 10hrs to watch!
This is 100% one of my favorite videos on the internet, and I've probably watched it at least once a month since it released
17:37 Bang BING BING bang bang Bing BING BONG
The Halo music was too good.
io c'ero .
Did the crash scene music got copyrighted?
"*Pls no sue" got me ha ha ha, legal disclaimer done right.
10 months sense a main channel vid
38:29 - 38:39 Might be the best ten seconds of anything I've ever experienced. I genuinely wish I could go back and experience it again for the first time.
You seriously need to get a better team behind you if it's taking 10 months between each new video. And I mean this with love and respect.
this situation is basicly how everything in Italy works
Ahh nothing more italian than a guy mysteriously gaining ranks even though he is not qualified for the job.
How tf was any of this possible....
Crazy ammount of work that must have been floating into this beautiful star on the sea of youtube.
Who said shut the f**k up?  In the ad That was awesome lmao And it's people like you that make me think that if the website allowed ads to be played more like this rather than an unskippable ad every so often in the video and Creator had more freedom that maybe people would watch ads. Because while it was an ad,  it was very professionally done and very interesting despite the fact it was a sponsor. Good job sir!
That was.. Really fucking well done actually.
The next video is uploading right now? I think my other PC has your account logged in
It's alright guys I made it off the ship
In a restaurant I worked at in Rome one guy used to work in the navy and he told me this incident completely changed the whole industry and that finding jobs in cruises became impossible
8:36 Rewatching again and wondering why the music suddenly cuts in and doesnt really fit nor is it the one i remembered...  Someone claimed the original audio. Thank you Youtube and thank you whoever got a stick up his butt to claim that. You destroyed the effect of that scene...
I just noticed the Hollow Knight music.
i do not mean to sound insensitive, but how did so many people die? the ship was adjacent to shore. it seems weird that someone who slept through the crash lived, but then someone who was helping people escaped died. Even if someone did fall off, couldn't they have swam to shore? it looks like it was relatively close.
Im back after 10 months, and i have to say its exactly like i remembered this is your masterpiece my guy. You set the bar really high. I love your second channel (i know number 3 still searching for others🤣🤣🤣😂) and i hope we get a main channel video some day again.
That captain's mistress bitch sounds like Joe Biden whenever he speaks, it's that bad.
its been 10 fucking months
Poor Russell
back to 10 minute videos and more of them, yeah right<3
who said you are ah low to make a film movie?
i keep seeing this in my reccomendation every day no joke
This is probably my 4th time watching this
Fun fact: an ad for a cruise jumped in the middle of the video
Dear Internet Historian.  Please make a topic about those NFT monkeys that can be saved with a right click   Thanks.
Nooo schettino
I took a nap right after watching this and had the weirdest dreams.
I've heard from Italian family it's quite common for people with no qualifications to fraudulently get concerningly qualified jobs
8:58 Heyyyyy V sauce! Michael here!
We just ignoring "Cunts Panic" @19:24 ?
Am I experiencing a Mandela effect kind of thing here or has the music for when the boat crashed been changed?
i am never going on a ship
Hey Am Snek Hiss Hiss
10 months can't wait for one year
Please, make a new video. Local tv broadcasts started killing me from the inside.
@24:21 why does the chandelier look like screaming faces....
holy fuck the production value.  wow, great job internet historian, i feel like i should be paying holy fuck
27:53 You so fuckin’ precious when you smile
Can’t wait for YouTube dislikes video
You should make a video on the fall of activision blizzard
I cant believe I watched the whole thing.
Hungary not having insurance fraud on the books is the most Hungarian thing I’ve ever heard
30:43 "That was the first time I died."
Its almost  a whole year since he was here boys its almost time for a new video xD
Where are you?
He should do a video on the South Korea ferry accident back in 2014
This is like my 10th time watching this, please make more good sir!
Didn’t a furry write a song about this
The Costa Concordia going under a massive ladder is the funniest thing ever to me
Watched this about 4 times now. Only just realised that you used Elland Road Stadium in Leeds at 23:05
Dead channel. F's in chat!!
The fact this couldve all been avoided if the captain just put his ego aside.
The 10+ months of waiting for another main channel video is the true Cost of Concordia
She was a majestic ship
43:51 internet historian out here making better intro than linus himself
I would explore the hell out of this abandoned ship if it was in fallout
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. 10 - 15 minute and more of them."  Actually scrap that let's do nothing for a year.
SailorVince points out in his reaction video that the "Sail-by Salute" is actually illegal.  You can't just blast your whistles randomly, they're for specific situations to communicate with other vessels.
Why is Jerma in the thumbnail
Apparently this video is some sort of gourmet youtube shit because It was recommended to me EVERY SINGLE DAY. Fine, you won, I'll watch it
2:11 LOL
it might be the biggest since the Titanic, that's no reason for me to not make a bigger one 😈
I’ve rewatched this about five times and it still feels so amazing and entertaining. Please keep making these 💖💖💖
dude...  what the fuck.  make something!
The addition of the Halo music was an excellent touch.  This is one of my favorites.  Truly a gem of the Internet.
bro this is a masterpiece lmao
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Dude, thank you.
So... The skipper was actually Zap Brannigan?
Cemortan wants to be famous so badly. It's kind of cringe to watch.
We need a segment on the “josh” fight!
This whole thing was insane to me. My birthday is Jan 13th, and I specifically remember everyone looking funny at me over it, since I have a huge thing for ships. Every ship I've ever been on has had a fire, run aground, or had something awful happen to it. I looked at this cruise as well. I forget if it was Freedom of the seas or the other one, but I actually had a ticket for their next cruise after the "bad" one. Needless to say my tickets were canceled.
I just noticed the date of the video seems different(? unless covid is f*cking with my sense of time), and parts seem to have been edited… most noticeably the crash music. Did you get DMCAed?
The way Depty chief engineer  enters like Keanu Reeves
Wait a second... the music during the crash scene has changed! What happened?
the magician vanishing from the stage lol
LINUS SHIP TIPS
Whats the music at 43:54?
And when the world needed him most, he vanished
13:25 hey i share the same last name as that guy, cool
Beginning:''... it's been 8 years...'' are you talking about your last video LOL?
This video's tone feels in poor taste given that 32 people died as a result of this event
this is your best video yet, and honestly that is saying something
I’d like to say that one of the dead was a five year old girl, should you find the slightest sympathy for Schettino
As far as I know there WAS a large shipment of drugs on-board. Hence the large presence of carabinieris after we re-floated her.
fun fact: brăila (romania) there's a street called like that
The long time it takes to make these videos and all that, I say it’s worth it. You have the exact facts of what went down. We get a big and we’ll thought out video. It’s all still engaging and informative the whole way. I don’t care if it takes another ten months for the next one. Take as much time as you need!
The "Linus Ship Tips" slaps
oh man, this was a wild journey
"10-15 minute videos and more of 'em"  He lied as easily as he breathed
Bruh do you even main channel anymore?
8:36 i was listening to his video while doing my homework but I'm pretty sure this part of the video was changed (the music) because i remember it has vocal before
That fucking helmsman fleeing the country is nearly as bad as the captain. His ineptitude at steering was the final nail in the coffin, yet he just runs away like the captain. He should be criticised more.
It's been 10 months
I think I realized why schettino might have been asking if there was still water. Pilon, the chief engineer says “in a minute I’ll start the pumps, I’ll let you know.” Schettino might not have been aware the pumps weren’t functioning and assumed that they were pumping out incoming seawater
0:10 when internet historian finally uploads again
Gotta love how you can hear him trying not to laugh when the info of the bell came up
IH! Where aret thou?
This video excuses most of the fault of the company that hired the incapable captain and crew in the first place, didn't maintain the ship, and overall sacrificed safety to save money. It's an amazing video other than that, but flawed conclusion imo.
Its been 84 years...
damn... 10 months..
the fact all the damage happened due to poor management, lying about the disaster and poor communication fucking shocking
I don't care how long it takes because every video will be a masterpiece.
“We were the last to leave the ship” People still onboard: 35  Awful
10 months
Oh shit, you changed the crash music.  Let me guess, copyright abuse.
please come back
13:55 just noticed the foreshadowing
24:14 this was such a cool comparison
This doc is nine months ahead of mainstream legacy media pieces on the topic. This good stuff is actually more information dense, contains no bloat and waffle, and does it all in a concise run time.
This might be tailored as a fun prod at the idiocy of a captain and some crewmen (obviously not all crew were to blame), but I still felt urgency in this. This was super duper fun to watch, and I was on the edge of my seat.
31:48 hahaha. "ohh god, not again"
Seeing the before/after pictures of the Concordia with Halo music reminded me of the Pillar of Autumn at the beginning and end of Halo CE.
Did this guy have *any* real sailing experience ?
Hearing women rights and Dominica Cemortan's name together is so fucking funny… She’s clearly not a woman, her brain is more of a vegetable.
It has been 9 months, closing up on 10 now, it takes longer for a main channel upload than it does to have a literal child :)
This is brilliant!!
Why was that fool using tiller orders?! I thought the steering was changed in the 1920s to steer similarly to cars. Or is there something I don't know about  Italian design and shipbuilding?
Man, please stop the shit incognito mode videos and make another masterpiece like this
Why did you change the collision song?!?
Symbolism of this catastrophe
I hate the type of people like Domnica Cemortan that "take matters into their own hands" and say "Oh, you're a passanger!? Well you can't film buddy" and then proceeds to get hostile saying "WHO SAY YOU CAN FILM????"... Ugh, I guess the captain's penis up her snaz really made her want to... get involved in a cover up.... Taught from the best, the one and only, Captain! :P
When is the New video comming 🥺? ITS BEEN 9NMINTHS! 👁️👍👁️
I love when youtubers abandon their channel for long periods of time without explanation
Did the music in the crash montage changed? (Yes, I've watched this many times, it's pretty good)
Dead channel.
People really out here trying to stand up for the captain. If he hadn't repeatedly lied to rescue services, the passengers, or allowed abandon ship before the ship drifted aground and listed, some of those people might still be alive. There's a difference between negligence and willful obstruction.
Dude your nordvpn ad was the best
How has it been 9 months since this video came out?! It feels like it was just last month
I’m old enough to remember when this channel uploaded videos
i am the New Dislike button   if you like me ,thats a Dislike to the Video
Really
Don’t go to the coordinates at 5:36  WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE 😳
A child was conceived and born in the time since this upload
Mans posted a single video this year and you know what ITS A GOOD enough video for us to enjoy for this entire year
Awesome story telling, many thanks, appreciate it... I have been on the Costa Concordia back in 2006 for a romantic gateway in the Mediteranean Sea and could never imagine it would crash one day, in this case 7 years after I went onboard... this pretty detailed video clip clearly shows a human mistake with too much confidence and a lack of adapted communication involving multiple individuals. I really hope that this will never occur again for any other cruise boat in the Costa line or any other line... Sorry that the Concordia had to be a "vanished ambassador" for multiple various lessons learnt....
@8:37 this is not the sound when the collision happened. It change 🤣
Does anyone noticed that the scene with the collision song is completely different from the original. Did a copyright strike happen or something??
So what are the odds of a video on the Portland antifa autonomous zone
16:19 Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head Get out of my head
I hope you read this internet historian you make all your vids with tons of effort and comedy and it shows thank you for trying so hard because it really makes your vids that much more enjoyable keep up the good work and I hope your doing good 👍🏽💯
17:38. I want that as my notification sound.
You should make a video about the Sanpoong Department Store Collapse cause BOY there sure is a bad guy
surely you’re working on a video about Blizzard
33:49 killed me💀
anyone else love the hollow knight music in the background
This channel deserves 2 more subs, underrated!
i like how you used some sims to represent the diffrent people xD
well, he did stick to his conviction, no more 45 minute videos on the main channel    Not that upset tho incognito mode stuff's entertaining too
too bad the captain wasn't smart enough to use the Catholic defense, especially being Italian, the ship being Italian, etc, and the Vatican right within Italy.. Captain could have easily said he left the ship because if he willingly chose to force himself to stay behind, that would be the same exact thing as willingly committing suicide. Everyone knows that suicide in the Catholic belief system is a huge no-no, it's equal to an attack against god and is an unforgivable guaranteed ticket to eternal damnation.   If he had did this, he'd probably have the pope and every devout Catholic on his side and everyone else afraid or unwilling to oppose that belief of the captain otherwise become outcast or attacked by the Catholics and even their peers if they dared to still argue that the captain should have gone back to the ship and/or gone down with the ship (suicide).
I don't like the new version. Where can I get the older one ?
So did internet historian just up and die? Because damn does this man not post shit
So much that shouldn't have went wrong, did.
35:44 "gotcha b*tch!" *LOL*
"back to 10 minute videos and more of them"  9 months later and no new videos  I'm not upset since I only discovered the channel recently (through the weapons video on the second channel. Faces on weapons looked funny so I clicked)  I just find it odd.
38:46 That ringtone surprised me because it is the one I put for my mom
*Here's what an Italian comedian said a few days after this happened. I hope you enjoy as much as I did.*  Italy is a country of poets, saints and navigators! Navigators...someone like Schettino, where the fuck did he come out from? How can someone like him be in charge of a 300-metre-long ship?  Then, why do we make 300-fucking-metre-long ships? Let's make them smaller, so that fewer people fit in them! 5000 people, and you hand them to Schettino! Who must have been looking for mussels, or whatever the fuck he was doing! He thought he was on a dinghy! I don't go that close to the coast not even when I rent a rowing skate!  Schettino said he didn't know there was a rock. "It was a rock, it crossed my route all of a sudden!" A skerry against Schettino, the classic battle between two big skerries [Italian word joke, as big skerry "scoglione" contains "coglione" which means "moron"]  He abandoned ship, Schettino abandoned the ship! You listened to the phonecall between the coast guard captain De Falco and Schettino, right? "You must go back aboard and coordinate the rescuing! Go back aboard!" "It's dark" It's dark? At one point, he told him:  "What are you doing? Do you want to go home?" "If it's possible..."  This is not funny, the Concordia... fucking hell, Schettino is the perfect captain for the Costa Cowardice! [word joke between "Concordia" and "Codardia"] The morning after, he got on a taxi and went to a hotel, just like that. By the way, he must have been the only one to find a taxi that day!  However, the question is how Costa Crociere employed such an incompetent man like Schettino! Well, we have certain MPs in our parliament, it must be a local habit. But, if Schettino made a huge mistake, Costa Crociere made a humongous mistake by employing Schettino!  A ship can be the most unsinkable, but men remain, by nature, unreliable. Especially if it's Schettino. But you should know that Italy is full of Schettinos. Incapable people who have power and don't deserve it at all.  Schettino is the perfect metaphor for this country: a guy who keeps saying everything is alright while the ship is sinking, it reminds us of someone...
I'm impressed by the depth of information
It's Moldova, not Maldova. Where did you get "Maldova" from?
I will always remember this as it happened on my birthday when I was an Italian exchange student in Budapest. Hungary is a landlocked country, but the story was so popular that everyone felt they were better sea captains than Schettino.
This editing is awesome!
Time for new video man!
Maybe italians should stop their corruption in nav- no... everything
I'm too sexy for new vids Too sexy for new vids Too sexy by far
Fukin unbelievable that carnival escape all legal  recourse
if you had released this in a movie theater you would have won an oscar
9 months damned... i need my internet hystory fix.
It was kind of messed up of the media to try to shift the blame to the mistress "distracting the captain" as if he wasn't the one in charge of this disaster, but imagine having the absolute audacity to say "today I die for the second time" to the camera when people actually died on that ship...
PLEASE i want italian subtitles for the italian community
What a shame re: the political revelation. Genuine shame.
I miss the day this channel used to upload :(
New 🅱️ideo when
Did Harold give you permission to use his image?
Twomad my boi
I wasn't expecting the shenmue or goosebumps theme or linus reference
Buyer to collect lmao
I've been on a cruise before "my heart will go on is the last song that should play
The same as sam o‘nella?
Didn't know if you had noticed but at 31:50 one of the comments is literally: "forget the cockpits for heaven's sake"
Always avoid the hyped ships.
Dislike for wasting so much spaghett
I'd take 14 grand to be in a ship crash.
incompetent 3rd world country people? Never!
did Ave Maria get copyright claimed?
Linus ship tips hahahahahahahaha
The flying italian food stereotypes at crash  dude!!! hahaha hilarious!
0:10 “it’s been eight years” since internet historian has upload on his main channel
What the hell does being a former Communist country have to do with anything? @ 37:45
28:50. That make me burst out laughing.
Nice hollow knight music 19:22
I just got cancer from the five seconds of on-screen Keem.
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10-15 minutes, and more of them" ok sure..
Fall of envy - white flag (Dido cover)....... You're welcome
2:11 well that was terrifying
○.•.。°工 spy: SEA!!
@6:22 always gets me🤣🤣🤣
Is he alive? it's been 9MONTHS!
40:21 what show is this song clip from?
More uploads when?
"More of them"-yeah that was a lie..
More upload pls
"and more of them" :D where is the more of the videos xD
Killed 32 people, caused millions  in damage and lied.  = Only 16 years and then due to other factors he got another 10... you'd think he'd get life in prison or at least 26 yr from the begining
God damn, Halo music is just too good.
@31:10  工T'z 丿工NG乚工NG 七Im⒠吕 🎶ANTICORUPŢIE, That's the Name! 。。。Away Goes Cemortan, Down the Drain!🎶  *_~this massage approved by Cemortan the Maldovan of the Concordian~_*
Nooo, no more long videos for the main channel? But this one, the Fallout 76 and so on, are actually very informative in a fun memey way.
dad, come back
LMAO I thought this was about CONCORDIA UNIVERSITY.  JUST applied— was like OH NO. what have I gotten myself into
25:50 has people diving off the most powerful gunship in the world
Internet Historian it's been 9 months
As someone who does salvage, my father has told me about the salvage of the Concordia for years. Thanks for the full story!
As someone who does salvage, my father has told me about the salvage of the Concordia for years. Thanks for the full story!
8:35 what was the other song?
Ships bells are one of the largest prizes off any notable sunk vessels. Sorry for the necro comment spam lol.
I’m a captain. I only operate small vessels. But I can’t possibly comprehend how this captain and his crew could make this many mistakes in a row. Including the botched stupid close pass to begin with. GPS is too sophisticated nowadays to provide ANY excuse. Wtf.
wow
As someone who watched this on release GODDAMN IT WHY DID WE LOSE THE OPREA MUSIC AT 8:35? CURSE YOU COPYRIGHT LAWS!!!
Am I the only one that thinks modern cruise ships are ugly? They look like floating white shoeboxes
I wonder if Historian will one day talk about the BP oil spill that happened many years back...
love your editing...
What happened to this channel
How in the hell is a photoshop movie maker retelling of a boat collision so fucking exciting?
Why arent you posting on the main channel anymore ? Its been like 10 month
Ayo IH, you lose ya password!?
YOU can't watch this often enough.
Columbo
Only OG’s remember the old crashing music
28:48 dead ass made me spit my drink out laughing
38:27 the emo song
'no more 45 minute videos, back to 10 to 15 minutes and plenty of them'
Diversity is definitely a strength.  Without diversity that helmsman who didn't even speak the language of the ship might have barely missed those rocks instead of hitting them.  (Obviously he wasn't even 20% at fault for everything that went wrong.  But a shitty diversity practice of hiring someone foreign was one final hole that lined up perfectly.)
8:35 - did somebody copyright strike the original music used ?
It seems like this year has all sorts of things for Internet Historian to make a video on. Cyberpunk 2077, Battlefield 2042, and Astroworld. There's probably more but these are the ones I want to see
You should make more videos like this, better than the short ones.
God damn it, I effing hate the whiney youtube algorithm! They made him change the music during the collision. And now it sounds lame! Thanks alot Youtube for ruining the creativity of your creators!
He tested negative for drugs, but positive for stupidity and lying.
You’d think that the engines of a ship would be somewhat waterproof.
come on.... post something...
The Costa Concordia had to leave on the worst day ever
Fartpoop
Aw you had to change the music
RIP Internet Historian 2021
am i too late to say i fucking love this?
43:50 I'm not even lying, almost as if by magic, the moment this ended I got a notification for todays LTT video...
Does anyone know what the music at 40:21 is?
that girl looks trashy and he killed a whole ship to impress her lol
There are so many reasons to never go on cruises and no reasons to.  Cruise industry is the most disgusting, economically irresponsible and environmentally immoral thing there is.  The deets part had me crackin up.  This videos is so well made and the story is unbelievable.  Brilliant.
Starting to think he wanted to do a drive by salute so that he could show off to his mistress.
Easy on the lightwood laminate floors, dude.
I am back to watch this again
you're so funny i forgot you existed and almost shit my pants when i saw your youtube channel pop up
This could be a movie starred by Nicholas Cage.
"I never knew you sarge, but I wish I had. You must have been one hard core son of a bitch"
Halo music...beautiful
It's been 10 months, are you dead?
this video auto starts at 23.34 even tho I never watched it before
come back daddy
Well, now you've done! "Linus Shiptips" intro made me LOL irl. Damn you, man! D:
2:10 - 3 seconds of video that make me chuckle every time I watch and rewatch them.  Now that's good content.
Danke!
Make a new video already.
spicy!
*looking at the tracks the bell makes on the deck*  LIGHT WOOD LAMINATE  LIGHT WOOD LAMINATE  LIGHT WOOD LAMINATE
we miss you
God damn it's been 9 months without a new video
LinusShipTips
can't believe I actually took a cruise on this ship :')
Did they change this music at 9:00?
This video felt like watching a documentary about payday2's development or about Payday's story which is really long. NICE. 8:39 hit ! WHAT THIS VIDEO IS 46:48 minutes long MY GAWWWDDDDD.
That captain is a disgrace to his job and the Navy itself. What a wimpy coward.
A child could be conceived and then born before your next upload.
This is fucking amazing
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. 10-15 minutes and more of them" *9 months later and still no new main channel video*
"No footage so here's a scene from speed 2." hahaha
Why he lied? If he wanted to avoid the blame he must have had to cooperate…
Ahh.. Internet Historian, channel of memes, its been 8... months... I can still hear the bell notification..
I could watch this a million times, so good
24:07 Titanic was an ocean liner, not a cruise ship.  Cruise Ships are for leisure, Ocean liners are for transport (think airliners, you're on the to get from point A to Point B, not for fun)
Helikopter helikopter
I'll always come back to this video because no matter how bad of a day I'm having, the captain still had a worse day than me.
this is so good
Wait did you get forced to change your opera music?
I reckon the Indo should've been sent to the slammer.
The captains mistress be kind of hot though in an eastern european babysitter sort of way.
Pros will be pros
This is the funniest shit ive ever seen how have i not heard about this channel before
This man's work is like the ultimate Frankenstein of B-roll footage. I can't even imagine what his editing timeline looks like.
I’m so sad you had to take out the “O Mio Babinno Caro” bit during the collision, that had me in absolute HYSTERICS the first time I saw this… Oh well, I suppose it can’t be helped 😪  Still one of my favorite video breakdowns of an event, though, well done!
2:13 yeah the feeling I’m getting is the whole journey is jinxed. (I do know what happens at the end though)  My horror grew when I heard the helmsman (lack of) credentials. WTHECK!!!
waiting for IH's next main channel upload 0:09
"Who steals a fuck-off bell?"  Me, I would
I can't believe nobody is talking about how good and high effort the fucking ad is.  "I took the brakes off my car...guy like me, never really learned how to stop."
its been 9 months since a main channel upload. i can feel the cracks in my skin taking over.
It's been 9 months. Cmon
Does anyone know where I can download the original edit?  The new crash song is shit.
What happened to "no more 45 minute videos, back to short videos more often?" Did you do a valve?
Main channel video when
Where are you come back
that ship would make an awesome museum
It's been 8 years                                           Since the last upload
man is he working on another movie?
Those before and after pictures are absolutely haunting.
i admit i busted out laughing at the Speed 2 shot
LUHMOW ECKSDEE
We need you Internet Historian.
Every millennia when he uploads the videos are 10 minutes longer
Big respect to the deputy mayor for risking his life getting back on the boat to help people, what a guy.
This aged well.  Norde spent so much time protecting others that it failed to protect itself. 9:44
It's a shame it had to be edited and he had to replace the music for the collision with something that doesn't fit as well. (It was Ave Maria)
Whens the next one😐
Flawless implementation of mgs2 music
Language barriers huh  Might be interesting to know that a lot of developing Southeast Asian nations are increasingly rejecting English to "protect and glorify" their own national languages, to the point of vilifying English speakers in their respective countries  Consider that the next time you think about hiring any non-English speaking ignoramuses from these countries
WHERE IS A NEW VIDEO
Half a billion dollar machine, full of people, being driven. BY MONKEYS .....WHY...MENTAL TO SAY THE LEAST
What's the Music at 24:20?
New videos                                                       where
come back
It's been 9 months? wow time really flies
New film where
Cyberpunk documentary now!!!!!!
Am I having a stroke or did the music after the collision (starting 08:35) change? Yes, I have watched this way too much, I am aware.
You should do a video about the satoshi cryptocurrency boat
I'm reversing now beep beep
I discovered this video by accident and am very impressed. Informative, simple and humorous. I will be checking on your other videos. 👍
Linus Ship Tips, dude wtf lol!
The incompetence of this captain...maybe he should be a politician Edit: Check out the coast guard call to the captain. It's hilarious
(spicy) XD
“Yes, it’s totally a blackout and not the phenomenon most commonly associated with large cruise ships. Go about your business citizens!”
who has the capacity to steal a cruise ship bell from under the police, and wtf are they doing with it?
Maybe we'll get a new video in the next year or decade..
just close the channel
Any time someone asks you to stop filming it's because they're feeling guilty about something.
"secret channels", huh? I knew you were secretly "I Did A Thing".
Ricky Gervais 🤣🤣🤣
Did anyone notice that the music has changed ? (Starting at 8:36)
this is such an italian fuckfest omfg
where is varus strikes back again !!!
3:13 That is why, captain Schettino, we do not "eyeball it"!
Love the transition from that extremely somber note to Internet Historian pulling out a bunch of spaghetti.
You can take my freedom...you can take my liberty.....BUT UNSUBSCRIBING ME FROM 'INTERNET HISTORIAN' is the final f***ing straw!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Dude, you are definetely the best youtuber of the world. You literally made a 40 mins. vídeo enjoyfully to watch at every second. Keep doing this amazing videos.
Might as well add a Massive Torpedo-belt to these ships cause they can’t withstand being GRAZED by a rock
the entire cruise ship industry is rotten to the core, it wouldnt be a sad thing if this industry wouldnt survive the pandemic.
this video took alot of work and effort by that I mean 10x the amount a youtuber put in their videos. I thank u for the entertaining story visually and vocally
17:38 😹
I am never, ever going on a cruise ship. This was terrifying to watch.
That Mayor was fucking badass
is it my idea or  the song for the crash changed?
The mgs2 tanker alert theme. perfect.
bro upload again already pleeease
Halfway through this video I got an ad for Carnival cruises
Better than Titanic!
I’ve rewatched those video like 8 times somebody needs to help me the historian addiction is hard to break😔
Italy is too much like Brazil.
4 mins in and its already SOOOOO DOOMED. good lord man idk how people fuck stuff of this badly.
So much for job: Security,  ehh Schettino?
25:36 lol
What's the song that plays at the 40:19 mark from originally?  Was it in a video game or something?
what happened to the 10-15 minute videos and more of them?
so taht payday 2 music i hear?
A blind man yelling instructions to a deaf man being checked by an idiot.
when i heard the halo CE soundtrack "under cover of night" You really gave me goosebumps
Was a nice ship until captain idiot danged it and turtle rolled it
Best docco on this topic ever.
Not mentioned in the description but the song at 24:30 is the song Luck from the Halo 3 OST
imagine that bell falls onto his toe
I can't get over how angry this guy makes me. As a captain being paid a ridiculous amount of money, it's your JOB to stay on board to control the situation, communicate with rescue about what's going on so they know what the best course of action is, assist in saving as many lives as possible. Even if the crash was not your fault, you're not being paid just to "drive a ship". Every time you board, the life of every single passenger is in your hands. Instead, he put on a nice suit and fled because he was scared, while hundreds were still on board, leaving it in a state of total disorganized chaos, with fucking waiters and janitors who have zero experience and aren't being paid shit controlling the situation and saving lives. Third-party rescue basically went in blind because there was nobody to tell them what was going on up there.  I've heard some say, "He was scared for his life. I would have done the same thing." Then don't be a captain, firefighter, or rescue worker. He knew what his job was, and he ran away. He and Carnival are total pieces of garbage.  Edit: To be fair, the staff were trained on how to handle emergency situations. The problem was that a state of emergency HAS to be issued by the captain, and they aren't allowed to do anything until he/she does so. From accounts I've seen from crew members, once the ship was capsizing and it was past the point of no return, they realized the captain and crew on bridge weren't gonna do shit, which must have been terrifying since they didn't even know what had happened. Things were already too out of control to handle the situation properly, with half of the lifeboats being unusable and people falling off and being sucked down. They did their absolute best with what they had, and far more people would be dead had the crew not acted on intuition.
9 months
Alright... Who shot Internet Historian.
I am still amazed an area 51 raid video hasn't been made.
45:14 But why is there a black guy at a white party?
This year's video was great! Can't wait for next year's!
I've seen this video like 4 times and I can tell some visuals and music in the background has changed.
This nightmare of a case really does reinforce that stereotypical superstition sailors tend to have. I cannot fathom how this boat was let set sail after that bottle mishap AND on Friday the 13 DURING the titanic's 100 year anniversary, and that's ignoring the fact that the captain has crashed two ships before. This goes beyond beurocracy and nepotism, someone pissed the wrong deity off something.
I love the poor man's titanic cover at the start
43:50 LOL @ LTT nod.
Its been 9 months now, where the hell are u historian?
every ship should have a fishing rod and a manual with it  so you can fish and eat fish
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel" was just code for "No more videos"
33 dies and they wanted to make him pay just 11,000€ smh
Music changed during “collision”. Can’t unhear it.
This is first video I saw on this channel. I love it!!  Amazing work!
26:20 Skaven do yes,  yes
This video should be shown to every naval officer in the world as a warning. Everybody above the rank of liutenant should be forced to see it.
Please come back bro The interwebs is missing you yo
My Grandmafioso said this was the day that made her feel ashamed to be Italian
great video~! Do one about the astroworld concert next.
The Karen who called the police is the real hero. The swift response of the Italian Coast Guard probably saved the most lives in this debacle. So next time you're at the local Walmart and see some Karen trying to fire a cashier over a pack of gum, just stop and thank her for her service.
Heeeey dos you changed o mío bambino caro from the colisión section?! That was the funniest part :(
Nex 041221
Well maybe it's time those unsustainable and disgusting monuments to capitalism simply disappear?
new video when
I want to make 5 -7 children with Internet Historian. That way at least 1 of them will turn out like their father, and the legacy will go on.
Need more like this
“Back to 10-15 minute videos and more of them” it’s been 9 months IH plz
21:34 Bi*ch: You're not allowed to film!
36:10 -Saving this
I don't get why so much time was spent on Cermortan. She didn't really have anything to do with the story as a whole.
Wasn't this uploaded a while back before the tales from the viarus videos? Or am I losing it? haha..  also internet historian's content is true quality and an inspiration!
Nearly 11M as of early Dec 2021, well deserved, IH one of the wittiest people of YT.
Dude. That was awesome. Well done.
By watching this video, I know you played halo
Its now been 9 Months xD
one hundredeth?
we're 2 months away from Febuary, just letting you know
Could someone help me with the Name of the Music at 14:20 please? Can't find it in the Description below...
9 MONTHS!
9 months and still no new historian :(
This video was so cool that I forgot for a while that you haven’t uploaded anything on here for nine months
The strength of humankind is the ability to persevere in the face of terrible circumstances and pull through.   The weakness of humankind is getting into terrible circumstances for the most fucking stupid reasons imaginable.
no new video in 9 months fucking kill me
I very much approve of your use of halo music.
It's hilarious that the most honest man in this whole mess is a personal injury attorney from New York 🤣
Interner historian made poetry about this accident.
Well at least they didn't have to pay that Indonesian guy minimum wage :)
bruh it's been 9 months :crying:
8:40 Damn I remember the original audio
How the heck did this guy become Captain?
Please make an Andrea Doria Sinking video!
wtf is this music change before the ad
"Shorter videos and more of them" 9 months later: Ecks fucking dee.
LMAO Jacob run always like a boss 😂😂
"No more 45 minute videos. 10 minute videos and a lot more of them!"  Me: Sitting here 9 months later with NOTHING
Probably my 4th or 5th time watching this video and just realizing Paulie Walnuts was in the Italian parliament photo @ 40:16. Paulie is one of my favorite characters ever, and the episode in Italy was my favorite Paulie episode from the Sopranos.
Still waiting for new video :<
linus shiptips
I love this channel. Rewatchability is amazing, well researched and hysterical.
If anyone was going to be on board But they missed it that will be the luckiest miss ever
release a new video already....... gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The man Rushing to become captain?
“He touched me” 😂 my favorite line
33 casualties on Friday the 13th a hundred years after the titanic, if I had to guess this is on some satanic ritual shit just like astroworld
il finale più bello del mondo
Is it still flooded?
You just gotta love the shitty animations with pngs
Astro world not yet too late.
19:08 I never noticed the Hollow Knight music before
Its been 9 months🥲
Its always a good thing when a channel provides quality instead of barfing out videos every week.... but im ready for more please
19:22 hollow knight hornet soundtrack 👌
YouTube ran a add for Carnival Cruise line during this video.  I'm sure that Carnival wants to be associated with this crash.  Hahaha.
This could've ended up becoming SOO much worse then it did. Despite how preventable the disaster was and shouldn't have happened in the first place. Then again, what else are you gonna do when you're in charge of a massive vessel that just cruises around and milks people of their money?
why this video keeps being recommended to me regardless of what im seeing is beyond me.
I just realized theres 3 videos from the last year on this channel I havent seen yet, I'm so happy right now *sniff*
when the halo music kicked in yo!
I GOT AN AD FOR CARNIVAL CRUISES ON THIS
u alive bro?
This is what happens, when the morally compromised filled with cowardice are in control. Politicians come to mind
I came back to this video after some time and... why there's no longer Ave Maria playing during the collision?? :(
The scorn of the narrator about Italians and Italian language is racist and shame for the Italian people!
Travis Scott, Rockstar EA are sweating profusely
We need more people like Gregorio De Falco. After watching this I can respect him. He's got a though, no nonsense, taking no bullshit, do your job correctly personality that I admire.
I will never understand Italian sexuality.
I really wish the entire navigational crew was executed for their negligence, or at least jailed for a looooong time.
Still waiting for the Cyberpunk video.
the song of collition was changed?!
is this channel dead ?
Deputy major was a hero
IH's content is so good i would buy these videos.
This has quickly become one of my favorite videos on the internet.
It’s been 9 months it feels like and I need me my historian of the internet
I saw the costa concordia when It Easy being dismantled at Geneva. yes i livr in Italy.
Fun fact, Carnival's fleet produces 10 times more SOx than all cars in Europe combined
That ad tho😍
Captain was drunk after that dinner party no doubt, thats what led to the boldness and the terrible error. Just my bet.
🥲
It's kind of sad that Francesco Schettino has become the face of Italy for me. Whenever I hear anything about Italy it reminds me of that smug bastard of a captain (and Berlusconi's bunga bunga parties).  When I think of Germany, I think of oktoberfest, sausages and BMWs. So in a way, Schettino has damaged the image of a country even more than a certain mustached failed artist.
Uhh....I see Moldova on your map, 31:04....
Once a month I’d order food get two Arizona’s and watch internet historian videos just cuz he’s such a good story teller.
I'd love to see him do a video on the Astroworld festival
One day he will return
where is Internet Historian?
He should do the 2016 killer clowns
I absolutely love this channel lmao
BOY I find storymode
45:07 "I should have been vaccinated against tetanus"                                                                               -Nathan "The Chad" Drake, 2011
Please return, Internet Historian! The world needs you. I need you! :(
"Back to 10, 15 minutes and more of'em" 9 months later...
Goddamit IH don't do go SpoonyOne on us!
Crazy to think that a huge ship like the Costa Concordia or even the Titanic got destroyed beyond repair. And honestly, screw Domnica Cemortan.
When's the next video.
You got a new subject for a new video, the battlefail 2042. Can't wait for it!
Che vergogna mamma mia.
Wait did the music change on the part where they hit the rock with all the spaghetti and wine flying aroundm
oh where has my favorite youtuber gone?
Dam, he must be working so hard on Cyberpunk
24:10 Halo music :)
I was here before they had to change the crash music.
Concordia dont got SHIT ON CAPE CARNIVAL BAY-BEE!!!!!
I'm a third mate on a cruiseship. The Captain can bring his wife and kids or a lover onboard a ship. Otherwise the man won't see them for 6 months... They don't need tickets because the shipping company pays. It's his right, imagine not seeing your partner for months, who the hell would want to live like that?
still one of the best videos I've ever seen
42:15 i would be a total Jacob
Well, I think that’s it. Our boy has gone the way of the dodo and Sam O’nella academy
did he sink in the ship or something, cuz he hasnt been uploading.
Last time
HOW FUCKING LONG DOES IT TAKE YOU???
Who did they hire to pilot this cruise ship?! The three stooges???
This was amazing.
9 months😭
6:21 the, “oh shit” had me rolling
Me and my wife been waiting for a new video for yeeears!!!   We neeeeeed us some Internet historian!!!!! For the love of gawd
Moral of the story , the staff member who died a hero gets jack 💩, and the coward, incompetent, liar sob of a captain gets to bang more 🐱 and get richer
you gotta do a video on the history of NTFs
11,000 just to "forget about it"? Imagine if there is a person who lost their entire family on the ship, no way in hell any amount of money will make them forget.
Revisiting this video as my entire knowledge of the Concordia situation it's kinda clear that it was mostly the language barrier's fault.  10-15 degrees difference from the order makes great difference in navigation. The time rudder shifts, the speed the vessel accumulates stack up so much. I think that if helmsman would always relay proper order, Concordia would easily miss the rocks and the entire situation would not have happened. Still, it's reckless of captain to come so close to the shore but it was not his fault that the helmsman was a dumbass recruited by someone dumbass-er
there are far too many bad omens at the introduction for this event to be anything but a vibe check from god
That's a shame the collision scene music had to be changed, it worked really well
It's been 9 months
Please new video tomorrow IH?🥺👉👈
just got an ad for a cruise
Is the Internet Historian internet history?
Is he going to release another video before the end of this year?
If USS Texas taught us anything, *YOU DONT TAKE A 35,000 TON SHIP SUB 3,000 FEET FROM A SHORE*
8:34 Only OGs will remember when this part hasn't been copyright striked yet and actually had _"Ave Maria"_ playing while bowls of pasta was flying all over the ship
The use of the halo soundtrack is kinda brilliant.
What we can learn.... Never hire random indonesian guy that cant speak English well... Especially on job like this...
It’s been 9 months…
that go down with the ship part had me DYINGGGGG
42:16 - Get a job as an Italian cruiseline helmsmen - Don't speak a lick of Italian - Crashes the largest cruise liner since the actual titanic - Get out of jail time in exchange for witness testimony - Refuse to elaborate further, disappear into the urban wilds of indonesia  What a fucking legend.
Damn you copyright bastards, O Mio Babbino Caro was such a perfect fit for the crash sequence at 8:38
I would love to see you work something with crowbcat
Oh wait did the dramatic music in the collision scene change
I really am curious, did the Ronais ever see this?
Lesson of the story, the dude who answers your comcast calls should not be your boat captain.
car seat headrest be like
At 39:04 i can garuntee North Korea is at the top.   If you know you know
Scatina is actually russian for "asshole", "jackass" etc. Nothing to do with reality, just funny coincidence.
"Costa Concordia is the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" Wilhelm Gustloff: Am I a joke to you?
It’s interesting to see all the little edits that are made after initial release.
No matter if its for a bad reason or good reason. If Moldova is mentioned anywhere Moldovans will be happy
I must have watched this video 20 times by now
saying that this is the largest cruise ship incident since the Titanic sunk is false(unless you mean scale of the ship). In 1994, M/S Estonia sunk, and over 800 people died
Anyone can tell me name of the theme at 40:26 or where it's from?
What happened to Ave Maria? :(
internet historian is making something juicy i can tell, its been 41 months
Still waiting on the game stonks video
Battlefield 2042 vid cumming when
he only got 16 years for killing 33 people.
Nothing funnier than watching this video and get a advert, just as the boat is sinking, for Royal Caribbean cruises.
The halo music works like perfection here
@43:50 I was like, "hey i have heard that somewhere before" and behold i lmaoed
Do New World please
new world video when?
The office politics isn't true. If the higher ups don't like you, it doesn't matter how good you are you'll still get passed over.
Vada a bordo, cazzo! We need more fucking content!
VPN's dont work dude stop lying about the security shit, it doesnt do anything new
Wait a minute, the collision music changed!
I am proud to be half italian
The capt reminds me of Trump for some reason. They look alike too.
That's just brilliant
Did the audio get changed at some places?
Watched half of this about when it released, said to myself "I'll come back to this later" and it's been 9 months. NINE MONTHS. Where did the time go? It has felt only like 3.
I was in a completely different place in my life when this video came out and that is creepy to me like this feels nostalgic now
why didn't they just stop the ship... if it took the second captain 8 seconds to recognize ONE of his mistakes then this happened in a span of around 40-50 seconds yeah? if you've been on a boat you know that they stop VERY quickly if they do not have thrust but maybe im wrong.
New World video when?
The last time internet historian released a video, the vaccine didn't exist...
is this a rel story?
Heck, this is so revolting, an incompetent captain, a woman with a twitter complex, and an extremely conniving bridge...I'm hoping the engineers and others who weren't part of the command got good jobs, they're the real mvp's.
Of the grab bag of music they could've copyright struck this for, did they seriously go for Monsterrat Caballe? I expected My Heart Will Go On would pull one, but _that?_   Excellent work as always and it's a shame the editing damn near killed your computer a few times. It still turned out brilliant. I have to wonder how they hired people who couldn't even communicate effectively in common tongue. That right off the bat is a recipe for disaster.
personally, i think this was not the fault of Schettino. this was a perfect storm because of ignorance, bad ship design, and bad communication. Schettino didnt hire Jacob Rusli-Bin, Costa Cruiselines or Carnival did. Schettino wanted to avoid going too close to Giglio, so he called and asked for the safe distance. This is the fault of whoever thought putting both engine compartments next to each other. Im not a cruise ship designer, nor have i ever even been on a cruise ship, but I would put them at the front and back of the ship, or at least separated.  Schettino is at fault for going too close to Giglio's shores, this is certain. But it was a badly designed ship, with a foreign, non-english newbie steering it. Schettino was understandably scared about staying on Costa Concordia, he knew it was a dangerous situation and fled. I would do the same thing if I were on a ship. ideally, i would help people, but its a dangerous, deadly, and unfamiliar situation. his previous incidents would have assured criminal cases against him, so its understandable that he fled.
I'm waiting for the video on Activision
You know what, being at home isn’t a bad idea at all.
New conspiracy theory, Internet Historian is actually Jemaine Clement dicking around in his spare time.
Dam Nord VPN ads are terrible but his 10 out of 10
The helmsmen relayed wrong instructions 3-4 times and nobody thought to switch him out?  Also where was the third officer when the helmsmen made a mistake? (I don’t know about the procedures on a cruise liner so I may be wrong)
And when the world needed him most… he vanished
Starting to get withdrawal with the infrequent uploads over here
"her presence distracted the captain"  i mean, that's a weird spin for an outlet to put on this story? The captain crashed the ship, but let's go and blame the women he was boinking, she was just too damn fine that any rational man would go blind, deaf, and dumb around her, so really it's her fault as much as it is his!  Hearing that, I thought it was gonna be some bigoted sensationalist British tabloid, but it's the bloody BBC, which makes it especially egregious.  Like, I get that she's not a good person, she uses the tragedy to promote herself and she seems really insensitive, but her initial crime was just being a lover of some guy, we don't know how it started or if it was genuine, but either way, she didn't do anything outwardly wrong. If I was given the opportunity by my lover to go to the bridge, I'd take it, seems cool, and I doubt they prefaced the opportunity with a bunch of warnings, that seems like a mood-killer. And again, her being distracting hot is not her fault, the captain had a job to do and he failed it.
Did the channel die :/
The one Karen : "is this supposed to be some kind of joke?!
I definitely would have taken that bell
Kyle Rittenhouse when?
1 day before titanic 100 year anniversary + friday the 13th + max rated for 2 compatments = bad stuff
Hoping for some AAA Game release video for Cyberpunk/2042 lol
Fun fact believe it or not on cruise ships if you were actually inside of a watertight compartments during flooding you will die I know this might sound a bigger some but crew is actually trying to lock those compartments regardless of who is in and out what time they do not care whether you live or die so what the time is Annie Cruz inside of the lower compartments they are sealed off to prevent more flooding this is a complete and utter waste because most chips as the Internet historian said are truly only designed to hold three water watertight compartments that fill anything over that might even just capsized ship as we seen the video so think about that the next time you meet one of the staff on a cruise ship
So uh, where’s a new video at? If I may ask
When your ship goes so fast, you start drifting into an island.
31:20 Average Moldovan feminist activist, and an alcoholic.
We miss u king
Hadn't even heard of this disaster and didn't expect to keep watching as long as I did once I started—good stuff as usual! The real treat was how entertaining and creative the Nord VPN ad was...helps that I love film noir.
Please tell me Internet Historian is making a video about Amazon's game New World. Vote up for summon. ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
HURRY THE FUCK UP
Wait a minute... After a few minutes I had a feeling but wasn't sure... Before halfway through I knew... It had to be... Is this the guy(s) from storymode?
Titanic + every nuclear distaster + Friday 13th on the 100th annivserary of Titanic + a crew based on Star Trek: Voyager + Fukushima's method of lying and  you get THIS.
25:13 why have you forsaken us?
Its like a damn barotrauma submarine
who say you allow to make movie internet historian ?
Domnica is cute af though :o
Why the living heckers haven’t you posted anything in over 9 months?
This sound like Fubar…
I got a cruise liner ad while watching this......
Where you dissapear?
Where are those more frequent/ shorter uploads m8?
how is it 1 year?
why didnt they slow the ship
As someone who has been in the US Navy with my first few quals completed being Helmsman and Planesman I am just a gasped at the errors in this incident. I mean this has reignited some maritime woes but is so enticing at the same time.
The captain should never leave the ship when there are others still alive on board. You are responsible for all of their lives. Act like it
Please do a video on the kid who live streamed the taliban take over.
I feel like I just took a trip aboard the titanic brought into 2012
It’s been 9 Months
Nine fucking months later ...
Hot take: Schettino was a scapegoat. No, he wasn't innocent nor does his being a scapegoat absolve him of his actions. But if you honestly think that Carnival Cruiselines as well as his own crew didn't ruthlessly throw him under the bus to save their own scumbag asses then you are a far more trusting individual than I am.
26:19 if it was lost, how do you have footage
46:00 you even indluded that strange noise rose makes in the movie. Great details.
Im liking the Halo music.
more videos huh
Im actually glad u used a Singapore mall template named  NEX of Serangoon. @23:57 look! Theres the fairprice Logo!
I hope on day you make a video on my life. It would be the greatest honor!
unbelievable that it has already been 8 years
And thus internet historian was never heard of again. His upload schedule is nearly worse than mine. Nearly.
I love italians lol
Had to re-listen to a couple segments because I was distracted vibing to Hornet’s theme
Oh no! The OG music when the Costa struck the rock changed! Regrettable, love your content!
The beautiful bowl of pasta was just fucking obliterated
Here’s the thing..... from know on the only two things that should be this big are cargo and war ships. How is a man like that gonna control any thing bigger than his uncircumcised micro penis. He should be thrown under the jail!   😒🤦‍♂️
We all love you, Internet Historian.
He’s seriously a Captain!!...... something ain’t right there!? FFS!!! 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Post more fucking videos I’ve been waiting
Is this channel dead now?
Please make one short video of the great Operation: soda steal!
How many dramalerts did you watch to put this together
Where is content?
Only videos I can watch over and over and never get bored
6:22 LOOOOOOL
ANYONE KNOW THE DECRET CHANNELS
rip internet historian
Ok but how about a video about gta trilogy fiasco
best ad ever
if you think it was bad, then check out the Moby Prince fire
24:11 OST missed in the list. In case y'all (unculturd men) are wondering, it's Halo 3 OST - Luck
Internet historian and JonTron have the same upload schedule
ah yes the cost of Concordia, its been 8 months
Trying to beat Jontron's record for longest amount of time between uploads?
How about  The fall and Rise of Ff14
8:37 You changed the music?
Why no more videos
After the first miscommunication in a hazardous maneuver you kick the kid off the helm
28:48 where is that from? I lose my shit every time I see it lmao
I hate YouTube for changing the music.
Schettino, get (back) in the fucking robot
Are you a big Eddie Izzard fan by any chance?
Nice work!
The deputy mayor was a legend he went into to the sinking ship to look for someone in charge and then stayed to help people.
Does anyone have a download of this video from before the audio got replaced?
Did he change the music during the ship crash part?
You gotta make a video on Rockstar now with the shit going on with the PC version. they straight up took the game away from us lol
Make more videos 🤣
It’s been eight MONTHS
Come back
I got an ad for Carnival Cruises while watching this. Lol.
You change Songs why?
Anyone have the original copy? They made him change the music :(
Did the music change during the initial collision?
I remember reading about this incident when it first happened. The captain was a complete scumbag
The music at the scene where the attorney was sceptical- was that from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory?
Most of the blame gets put on the captain but in reality if all his instructions had been followed they wouldn't have it. It's definitely the person steering who is truly at fault here.
Upload
I just realized he only put out 1 video in the entire year of 2021
It's about time you put up another video
39:31 blue text says that "vada a bordo, cazzo" translates to "get back on the fuck board"
38:31 it's too funny I peed meself
Zsolt is such a typical hungarian.
26:18 Arrrr me hearties, I would like meself such a bell for me upper deck!
Even though schettino is to blame for what happened because he let the disaster situation happen in the first place,  the helmsman would've been of no good use in any disaster-situation - no matter how it came to be.
Jacob just said fuck this shit im out.
millionth time watching just noticed nordman was playing roulette with a double barrel shotgun
What is the music that plays exactly at 40:28? It sounds so familiar
Imagine how many lives would have been saved if the Captain wasn’t a prideful moron
Hello? New stuff yet?
When the world needed him most, he vanished
29:00 god that big ed meme got me😂
I just wanna express the Chad level of Pilon, Guisseppe, and the other engineers who were in the most danger during this crisis.
WE NEED MOAR VIDEOS!!!
this happened on my 7th birthday
Its been 8.... Months :-(
This is exactly the editing and formatting that I am looking for in my YouTube videos
Can you fucking come back
At least that sorry excuse for a captain got some jail time.
Very good👍👍👍
Is it me, or was the music from the ship crash changed? It was some kind of opera, now it's like italian elevator music.
Your butchering of that spaghetti gave me anxiety
as bad as the looters are, there are pieces of shit that are actually salvaging WW2 wrecks that have been declared as graves "oh god, not again" lol anytime I think of the cutting in half, the scene from leprechaun 3 comes to mind
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10-15 minutes and more of 'em!'"  ... 8 months later
My guys Stop complaining we won't upload on the main channel What internet related (Non-Furry) major events have happened recently???
dislike count before youtube hid it all: 3979
The real hero of this story is the Australian trying to sell the ship on eBay, truly, more people should aspire to be like that guy
Are you sure this isnt a movie?
"No more 45 minutes videos on the main channel. Back 10 15 minutes and more of them."  More of them, he said, but never about WHEN they would come.  ... _hahh_ Internet Historian. Youtube's gold. It's been Eightttt -years- months. I can still remember recommendation. The Subscription and Bell icon, have hardly been used. Ah, the jokes, the sponsor, the upload button that release masterpieces like this to the world... hasn't even been clicked. Internet Historian has over 3.2 millions subscribers and 340 millions views. And you could tell. You could really... tell.
ZAMN
This was a masterpiece and it’s my third time watching it. 👏👏👏👏👏
Beautiful ending
Why does Dominica look like a female version of pyrocinical
This editing is spectacular.
Probably could have shaved 15 minutes off this video with all the childlike interruptions.
you gotta do astroworld
Schettino, is literally Italian Michael Scott.
18:20 is that actual bridge footage? If so I'd be VERY interested seeing the whole thing
Can’t wait for the astrofest video
Still waiting for someone to recreate this in Garry's Mod for maximum story telling!
Real talk tho, who TF puts a 100k tons ship in the hands of a newbie? To save a few bucks on his salary no less? You're just asking for trouble, and part of me is glad trouble indeed came crashing.
Are you dead mate?
Gamestop video is gonna be next
24:04 What about The Estonia? Its sinking had many more deaths, no?
i miss Internet Historian.
The music displaying the remains of the ship is Halo 3 - Luck.
alright timer is on now we wait for the next video
Post something nerd
Halo soundtracks are a great touch.
i cant imagine trusting ANY cruise after the titanic disaster
Better than National Geographic. I tried to watch 10 minutes of their version, didn't work out.
25:17-25:20 “There they are: THE DEETS” that slays me every time I watch this video 😂😂😂
Its crazy to think me and my family were supposed to be on this cruice but we had to cancel a month or so before
I think the  Italian Coast Guard's command to the Concordia's captain translates more accurately to: "Get back on board, Fucker!"
Astroworld?
Is it just me, or has the music in 8:43 changed?
Historian!!! Please please please make a long main channel video covering the hysteria surrounding the release Spider-Man No Way Home!!! The memes, leaks, rumors, intense online presence, outrage, gatekeeping, drama, and secrecy are so right up your ally! It must be documented!!!
Awake Internet Historian time to make an Astroworld video.
8:36 Why the music change?
25:39  HOL UP THAT MALL IS FROM MY COUNTRY LMFAO
24:09 If anyone wants to know the song, I found it completely by accident: Martin O'Donnell & Michael Salvatori - Luck (Halo 3 Original Soundtrack).
I feel like AstroFest is gonna be a video one day
45:43 *Frankly I'm picturing the Robot Chicken sketch about the Christmas bell right about now*
38:29 *prime content*
Wow have you seriously not uploaded a video in 8 months? No the second channel doesn’t count
Where are you....
Cant wait for the Astro World video.
I'm doing a project on this, most of my info is from this
Hey, the music at 8:55 changed :0 It used to be some opera
If the Titanic was sinking in Italian waters, everyone would've been saved and they'd probably keep it from sinking too.
Is there going to be more videos or is this part of your channel going to be dead for a while
So this is a new version? I’ve watched this quote a few times and I noticed new sentences and such.. Also the music after ‘collision’ is different..
gameplay vs lore
What is this thumbnail. I love it 💀
Dead channel?
38:30 anyone know the song?
You know she is crazy when she starts speaking Romanian
Aww... You had to change the music. v.v
One of those once a year upload youtubers I’m having trouble keeping up or remembering saints like this
this is godly
36:00 usually a jauntily held toothpick nestled in the corner of the mouth what appears to be an oily haired Gypsy TILT-A-WHEEL operator named *"ZSOLT HORVATH"* is all I need to feel warm trusting feelings flood over me.  Wouldnt even need a handshake let alone a signature from a fella like that
please, PLEASE make more videos!
Did he changed the music of the accident moment? Or is it only me?
Maybe this should be a lesson to make the engine room thicker and steel or possibly another spare engine room so that they don't lose all power and engines all at once at least there'd be a chance that they could save it
0:09 yeah 8 years since you upload a new video on this channel😂
✨spicy✨
8:59 I see the background music changed.
38:29  what you all are here for. Your welcome love y’all
So does anyone know why a tobacco shop owner was travelling with the deputy mayor?
Joe...
Judging from the lack of updates its clear you need some ideas. How about the time everyone in Hawaii thought there were about to be nuked for 38 minutes? That would make a great video.  Some maniac set off a ballistic missile inbound THIS IS NOT A DRILL warning to the entire island. People were in full on panic. They called their families to say goodbye. People climbed into sewers. I heard a story about one guy who allegedly had sex with his sister because it didnt matter any more. Complete and total chaos.
8:34 You changed the music, didn't you? Several reaction channels have a completely different track playing there...  I'm assuming that this was because of some cock head making a bogus claim, which happens far too often on this fucking platform, and now I'm sad.
Ah the music changed
13:03 I like how the bell is there
this is actually one of the best videos ever made
8:30 we are going to hit just like the titanic
I keep getting Carnival ads now. So I redirect them to this video.
Did you change/add some scenes in this video or am I going fucking insane
I miss you
Why did you use a random Mall from Singapore as the picture for your mall 😂
Is it weird I want cruise ships in SIms 4 now?
İt has been 8 months…
Competence and keeping it in your pants are not traits well associated with Italian men
you make fantastic content
Lmao, I burst out laughing as soon as you played "My heart will go on" in the intro. The clash between the debonair glamour shot of the boat with uplifting orchestral music and the overt implication of using the most famous song from Titanic, that was just fantastic.
Still waiting for your next video
Did the music at 8:32 get copyright claimed?
the production quality of this is inexplicably high
"Gonna be shorter videos and lots more of em" to quote tyler the creator "so that was a fucking lie"
I told my social studies teacher to watch this  I await his response tomorrow
I'm mad now
Amazing juxtaposition of how cowardly the captain was, shortly before mentioning the crewman who gave his life helping others. That really hit hard
one video a year? cool....
8 years bitch it been 8 months since an upload. I rember it like it was yesterday.
8:36. I do see that the song has changed for legal reasons.
Intense media speculation over whether the captain was having an affair and if somehow she was responsible... but no speculation on how the captain went from security to chief officer, or how the helmsman was originally a painter who doesn't speak the language of the other officers? Nope, couldn't be the responsibility of Costa Cruises putting unqualified people in charge of 4,300 souls; gotta be the woman boning the captain.
4,000 People used to party here, now it''s a ghost ship.
as someone who only played 2 hours of world of warships and knows nothing even I can tell getting that dangerously close is commonly reffered to as "retardation"
It just feels wrong that music has changed, screw you YouTube and your dumb copyright. 😠
Why the music changed in 8:35? It wasn't playing O Mio Babbino Caro anymore.
whats the snippet of song at 29:19
The Captain was the obvious problem, but how can anyone pretend that the helmsman not knowing the damn language is fine.
I love you and Historian. I hope you are both well, as you are currently living under tyrants. <3
wow did you really get a copyright strike for using 'Ave Maria'? wow.
Yeah oh my god, awesome, he doesn't post on the main channel anymooooreeeeee
I watch this video about twice a month and am a huge fan. Does anyone know why Historian had to switch “O Mio Babbino Caro” in the crash sequence to YouTube Muzak? I mean, I just saw Gianni Schicchi was still copyrighted in Italy until this year because the librettist lived until 1970, and I imagine that’s why. He could still use the Marriage of Figaro “Non Piu Andrai” later on because Mozart done been dead a while/shorter clip
43:50
I haven't heard the video in forever and suddenly I realize that he had to change the music for the freaking crash! Are you kidding me?~
This is amazing
You should make videos about China, specifically the CCP, infinite cockups and fools
Schettino= WW2 Italy De falco = Roman Empire Italy
The fact this video came out 8 months ago makes me feel like I’m just wasting away, drifting through life, 8 months feels like 2 days yet 2 years ago feels like an eternity ago. Liked the video bro, keep up this shit
New World (New Bug) next please. Pretty please :)
Okay after rewatching, I have a theory on what happened to the bell.  I think that whoever stole it, might've melted it down, to sell the metal, It's the only viable way I can see of someone making a profit from it without being called out.
I had my honeymoon on that ship. I still have photos and videos of it. Such a waste, also I met the captain and he was an arrogant prick, so yeah. Great video.:)
when did the crash music change?? and why?
Man this video has no business being as engaging as it is lol. Great work thanks for this
So you're saying this was just a complete dumpsterfire
I love this my grandpa and grandma where on that ship
Cmon man we need more internet history
This is my 5th time watching this.
Jacob is a fuckin chad
Why did the music at 8:35 changed? :(
havent rewatched this video in some time. did they change the collision montage music?
Did you have to change the music for the crash cause I remember it being ave maria
Legend has it, Internet Historian has gone incognito and is never coming back...
Did the song at 8:38 get changed at some point?
Looking at the footage from after the ship was recovered makes me wish I was the one exploring it.
Why has the music changed @ 8:39? it was different the last time i watched
How were the divers spotted on CCTV? How and why was there functioning CCTV inside the wreckage? And who the fuck was monitoring it 24/7?
I would totally drink high end booze from the sunken ship, that would be baller.
Le verita sommerse = The submerged truths Ngl they had us in the first half with the "mama Mia this tomato sauce is too spicy"
this video will not leave my recommended it's been an entire year are you happy now youtube
what about the ms estonia
I miss the ave maria clip
Can we get some F's for the engineer Pelon tho, it takes balls to jam a screwdriver in a fan that could easily slice a body in half, MULTIPLE times!
BRO WHy THE CAPTAIN SUCH AN ASSHOLE
5th time watching and I just realized the title is word play
Ave mariiiiiia....
i cant stop watching ur videos when i need to study :(
Between the narration, on-screen numbers and notes, and the music, I actually watch this from the edge of my seat during the sinking and evacuation.
They crashed a 570 million dollar ship? What are they, clown- *Carnival Cruises* oh
You should do a video at the incident at blfc!cum pizza incident 2021
Ah shame you had to change some of the audio. Still amazing video though
Watched this three times now, will watch again.
"The locals hate it, but the [tourists] like it."  Describing New York.
probably top 10 videos in the history of the youtube
WTF did you get a Cr claim on the ave maria part? That was so fitting for the moment :(
Hey man you alive? Its been a while
Did Internet Historian die? Where's he been? It's been quite a while since the last video. D:
It's been 8... months since your last video :(
im a huge fan and worshiper of internet historian. he covers things that are important. that actually matter. ive watched his videos over and over again. studying the footage religiously as if it were scriptures from a divine celestial deity. so im confident to say, to point out , that the song starting at 8:30 while the crash is happening has changed. it used to be this oparah sounding delitful good hearing of the ears melody but has chaned to a more jazz slow tempo song. did something happen to make you have to change it? i have proof if you go to any reaction video of the costa concordia video of other youtubers youll see the original song of the video as sson as they hit and the guy says "were gonna hit".  sorry for such a long comment or any grammar errors im writing this while high.
Lamodx I am bush
Story mode is the only other channel I was able to find, any other leads?
It's the Halo music that does it for me
wait hold on can't you just stop the cruise readjust and than move so that you don't hit the rocks
You legitimately make me want to watch more ads on YouTube. So long as they have your style.
fun fact: in russian, Schettino sounds like скотина which is an insult and means "cattle and/or "animal"
"there's more of them coming out" we are still waiting 😭
Man... The way u said 'lets go home' literally makes me cried since im recently got evicted and just become a homeless guy
Why were the staff at 41:24 charged?
Did you change the music when Costa Concordia hit the rocks?
This is my favorite best channel.
The gotcha bitch part got me laughing.
So the Ever Given is next, right?
The ship was hit on the LEFT side......... That was no rock, it was Ben Shapiro’s massive left ball...........
your next video is in your secure pc waiting to be exported. when will this be
OK FINE I'LL WATCH IT!
that music @ 7:07 ... is that payday music??  15:53 ... Metal Gear Solid  43:50 LINUS SHIT TIPS LMFAO
Wait, did DoucheTube seriously give you sh** about the part of the video with the segment from Oh Mio Bambino Caro performedr by the great Callas??? That was one of my favorite parts in this masterpiece...😢
I wish I could be the person that get to execute these people, then maybe the ignorant "leaders" will pull their head out their ass
This was hilarious and informative. Sub!
I really appreciate how it really was mistake after mistake that causes disasters like this.
Damn it IH come out with another video already!
Spicy
are we nearing new epic video ?
Watching this for the tenth time only had dawned on me that the guy basically sunk his ship and caused a billion dollar incident so he could annoy people on an island
what happenend to the magicians assistant, the legs? did i miss it, did she get out or was she just locked in a box while the whip went under? i cannot imagine a more terrifying way to die
25:20 That was vile
I liked this simy for the tiny AH he let's out when he drops the bell ahahahah
8:36 the song it came with was better than the replacement, sad you had to replace it, really set the mood
Music around 24:30 ?
Do the last of us 2
This is a metaphor for what is happening in the USA.
Why on earth would the captain accelerate for a delicate maneuver? If I was going close to shore I'd slow down!
It has been 8 months internet historian, 8  FRICKEN-MONTHS
i love this guy i have been watching him for years and he is funny asf keep it up man
"10-15 minute videos and more of them" 8 months later
Ahhh the internet historian… the finest channel on YouTube. It’s been… 8…. Months…
Wait, why change the music during the crash just before the ad? Came back for another view and the ears all like ".....wait a minute..."
I want the original soundtrack for the collision. Too bad they copyright claimed that song
They say people could easily find the exits on the ship, thanks to Russel Rebellos massive church bell sized balls clanging together as he ran room to room evacuating people
25:13 PASGHETTI!!
Music at 8:37 changed. That's not nice. Don't strike IH.
31:45 you can't write this shit, she gets in front of a control panel of some sort again (implying in my mind, for a moment, that she's sleeping with a captain again. I guess she has a type)  I legitimately burst out laughing
moldova is rather small eastern european country and was once part of the ussr
0:09 it's been eight .... MONTHS! Is there a sneak preview available of something epic in the making?
i have rewatched this video many times. also very pleasant to hear payday 2 music.
Cant believe music got claimed smh
return great memer
Cmon... post...
The aftermath of the disaster is just… awful
The filipinoes in this ship are so underrated, my mother was on this ship and she said the filipino crew who were mostly waiters cleaners etc, were the ones who were putting the passengers on the boats
Imagine plates sliding around and things falling down and thinking that people are gonna believe you if you say everything’s fine
i legit think ur a genius
soooo.... new vid soon?
When the captain started crying to the Chaplin, I couldn't help but get mad "My Immortal" vibes at how he seemed to "bust into tears" 😂😂 Also the parts where Judge Dr. Phil and Judge Rinder came up absolutely killed me 😂
This is so well made and funny to boot!
Congrats on 10mil
Language barrier...  LANGUAGE BARRIERS !... When EVERYBODY should be fluent in a global language, something easy to speak like, I dunno, AMERICAN !  but nooo, todo de europeanos no spiky notin but lingo nationale vit como si como sa de otros como AMERICANoooo !  Apparently people are still willing to die for idiotic notions like nation!
What video game is show when they're talking about dismantling it?  Looks like an Uncharted.
God this is so stressful
Crazy how dead this abandoned channel is
VERY tasteful use of halo music, chefs kiss
I just discovered your channel, instantly subscribed from the strength of this one video. Your technique is *brilliant* and it reminds me of Angela Anaconda.
Correction - we (Hungary) have insurance fraud as a crime with 2 to 8 years of punishment.
30:46 why doesn't she start saying to stop filming again
26:04 but what's wrong with that it's not like they were going to be given back
Imagine being told to not record  in broken English
I've listened to this fucking episode too many god damn times, it's just so good to have this going in the background while I'm tinkering.
I was wondering why these videos had so many views but all my questions r now answered
WHY does the after crash picture at 24:29 show all the wine bottles still upright on the bar! WTF? Literally  something Fishy is going on........
Those engineers and mechanics are the real mvps. Putting aside the clown show on the bridge, they did their goddamn jobs down there to the absolute best of their ability under the circumstances and under immense pressure. I hope they got the recognition they deserved and weren’t lumped in with “the crew was incompetent/at fault”.
I love getting high and watch internet historian he’s such a good YouTube channel
The story of this ship is proof that curses and omens do exist.
Did internet historian change the music at 8:36
Lets go Brandon!
where are u bro?
Damn if the hollow knight ost start shit has to be serious
I LOVE all the new edits added post-video post. More details are now in the vid.
8:35 internet historian had to change the music to comply with copyright. :(
The fact that the date is so perfect is totally God showing his sense of humor
6:22 Oh shit! A rock!
The flying spaghetti and olive oil made me laugh so hard I couldn't breathe.
This is one of my favourite videos I've ever seen. Since I found it, I've watched it at least three times a week, just because I love how well put together it is. But the music change for when the ship crashes really sucks, having opera was a really nice extra little jab at the stereotypes.
8:35 Did you guys get a strike? The song's different now.
Aye! Why's the music different when the ship crashed!!
32:18 ...ok, dude talking looks very familiar. I swear I've seen him on Tim and Eric's Awesome Show, Great Job! At first I thought it was David Cross, who was on Tim and Eric several times (such as the 'Pussy Doodles' sketch) but why would David Cross have anything to do with the Costa Concordia? So, IH, throw a bone, eh? What's the story behind the news interview? IS that David Cross? AM I losing my mind?
The fact Ave Maria is suddenly changed
Did they change the music in this video?
Ah the cost of Concordia [video] it's been 8 months
24:05 . Titanic was not a cruise ship, so Costa was probably the biggest.
The kicker here is that the passengers were donning life jackets and reporting to muster stations correctly DESPITE the crew. They were handling safety and procedure better than the ones whose job it was...
the cost of concordia? more like, the cost of internet historian haahahajhahahahaahahhadhahadhfjshgkjdf jgj bhgoi gheatpi hjaetphiokeato[p hia[oe
32 dead people, year there is so much to laugh about.
Ok did I just experience the Mandela effect or did Internet change the music at 8:36 to 9:06 because it's different than what it was before which sounded like something from an opera. Why did Internet Historian change the music there? Did he get a copyright strike or something?
Please make more content I love this channel.
Wait how was the Costa Concordia a bigger accident than M/S Estonia?
"Ave Maria" is under copyright? The hell?
I’m curious who got the ships bell. Those are worth a decent amount at the best of times but a ships bell from a vessel that’s been in a disaster? Thing is worth a small fortune.
42:07 that "OoOoOh Mah GaAaAh" was just perfect
8:38 Am I crazy or did there used to be different music? Like I could swear it used to be Ave Maria
That's a lot of Mario's🦧Great video
Wow, the amount of shifting blame onto the captain of the ship was pretty severe.    Don't get me wrong, he was a horrible captain and the officers on the bridge were dysfunctional past the point of dangerous, but none of them should've been on the bridge in the first place and the people who put them there should have culpability along with them.
Is it just me going nuts or did the music for the collision music change? (If it did change I imagine it's a copyright thing, I just wanna double check that I'm not going crazy lol)
46:30 So that was a fucking lie.
Well Rip to this video for geting copyright striked the 2nd time First for O mio Cambino Now for Ave Maria Both songs that are copyright free
Was the music changed for the crash and slow mo, or am I high?
all of this could of been avoided if he did not do what he did.
Its been 8 months and still no new videos
7:40 in that kind of cituation it is so stupid to rely on that language barricaded man, he should take the wheel himself
Hey Internet Historian Can you please do a video on the fallen queen of the internet, Boxxy?   That was ALL OVER the Internet back in the day. After all She was the cause of the 4chan civil war.  I would really love to see you do an in depth update on this as there is A LOT of content to be made from there. Hope you see this!
8 month wait, this ones gonna be good
Its been 8 months. I'm not going to unsub, I can't, I love Nordman too much.... but please, please upload a new video to the main channel.
The crash song changed?
43:53 got me rollling of the deck
24:48 original video please?
Real fans remember the original crash music
Make a video about hitchbot
Real OGs remember the original collision music
Going down with the ship is the stupidest thing ever. He prolly shouldnt have left till almost everyone was gone but he shouldn't have to be the last
Hahahaha
i love it
24:20 halo music
"back to 10-15 minutes videos" he said  "more coming soon" he said   im dying pls release more content soon
The charming income technically mix because end generally water pro a spiteful deal. remarkable, sturdy salary
WTF happened to the music when the ship hits? You get hit with a copyright claim on the original, lol?
Absolutely phenomenal. This story, and the gross incompetence of everyone in charge of the Concordia literally had my jaw dropped for nearly the entirety of the video. An incompetence, however, that is not present in your video. Loved the humor and the thoroughness of your research! Keep up the great work!
I appreciate that I got a Carnival ad right after the part where Concordia hits.
Lmao just got an ad in the middle of this for Carnival Cruises with Shaq singing in Italian.....
Did anyone else get a Carnival Cruise ad about halfway through this video? Maybe not the best time or place
The comically big ladder at 1:26 shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did. I can tell this is going to be an interesting video.
Fuck me i can’t believe i put off watching this for 8 months!!
This must have been an insane ammount of work, and it's still one of my all time favorite youtube videos.
RIP internet historian  Loved your videos,  so sad to see you go
We need moaaar!
It's weird hearing a re-record with the almost same content but with change of most of the music (maybe feels like too much music changes, some music starts and ends abrupt) and faster pace, I thought the last one was perfect, this one feels a bit rushed. Quite some effort though.
It sucks that this guy died
I just got an ad for Carnival cruise ships during this video…
Do I hear Hollow Knight music at 19:08?
Asides from a great video and interesting story, I must commend the editor for an incredible job. Please keep it up!
Every time I come back to this video there is a Carnival Cruise ad.
... so carnival cruises is running adds on this video now
I could watch exploding Concordia memes all day 😍
I got a ad for Carnival cruises this rewatch
Wtf, who copyright struck the Italian opera piece that played during the collision?! It was the best scene in the video and the new music ruins it. Or lemme guess, it’s some bullshit about cultural sensitivity. I could never make Youtube videos, I’d rage quit on a daily basis as simping chuds of all types force me to alter my work, especially if it was a masterpiece like Cost of Concordia.  Something tells me Incognito mode needs to do another behind the scenes/up to date for Cost of Concordia. I’m guessing copyright strikes, Slap suits from Carnival and god knows what else the Italians are probably crying about.
In other words  Loose lips sink ships
pour one out for the copyright claimed o mio babbino caro
Man, I remember seeing the ship laying in the port of Genova beeing salvaged. Absolutely mental to see a structure as big as that so damaged.
Patiently waiting for your next masterpiece. :)
Did you change the 'Collision' music? I watched this a hundred times, but don't remember this annoying and inappropriate music...
THROW THAT BELL OFF
I‘m still waiting, hope never dies
At this point he’s no longer the Internet Historian, he’s just incognito mode
8:45 Holy shit, did somebody ACTUALLY fucking copy-claim this part? Fuck me, dude. Eat the Rich. Feet-first. Slowly.
Hang on…the collision music isn’t the operatic song anymore….
Every add i got on this vid was for the cruise line that was in the vid
D
Please upload soon :( <3
30:42 Me in school reciting a poem I was supposed to memorise
Oh no, why is the Babbino out!? such a disgrace.
It was just my imaginantion, or he just change the song for the crash's escene? I remember he use "ave María" before
PUBG mobile and dark souls reference, oh my god I love you
so much halo music!
I want to see an actual Concordia survivor (or somebody who actually was on the ship) react to this video!
Did they change the music for the crash sequence or am i going insane?
Is this guy from Story Mode?
I got an ad for Carnival Cruises while watching this. Not good optics
The fact that the ad carnival cruises appears at every ad break is too perfect
Every commercial i got while watching this was for carnival cruise ships lol
Love that I got an ad for carnival Cruise during this video
And what a women Domnica is
What a captain
Why did you change the music.?
did you change the music between collision and ad?
is it weird that im getting ads for carnival cruises on this video?
I remember watching this on the news i can not belive it has been 9 years
Fun fact for any new watchers: Back when the vid first came out,  there was an opera lady singing during the collision scene.
I just got an ad for carnival cruises. During the segment about carnival avoiding criminal court. fantastic ad placement youtube
Where next video ! ?
7 Months IH? Better be something good coming or else, im leaving this sinking ship brother.
Don’t disrespect AS ESTONIA by saying this is the worst cruiseline distaster after the Titanic
An internet historian thing on the Pokémon go craze in 2016 would be perfect
1. I would steal the bell 2. Admit it: You also would like to have it served 'spicy' 3. ... I just started counting to make it as dramatic as possible.
It's funny to hear you saying words in italian, because you say them wrong XD
Does anyone know how in the world 32 people still died from this accident? To me it seems like they were super close to the shore and everyone should've been able to get out. I suppose some of the older folks could've had trouble but still, I'm just really curious if there's any explanation for the loss of lives.
This is my favourite video of yours and in my opinion the best you've ever made. Great job, keep it up.
My uncle and my aunt went on a cruise on the Costa Concordia the week before the disaster. When they got off board, the ship sailed and never came back.
26:58 ok thats a very smart joke "It even have watermarks"
8:38 did the crash music change or am i crazy
I’ve watched this thing at least four times and I only just noticed that he used a photo of a shopping mall that’s from Singapore at 25:41 (I live just nearby)! Just a neat and oddly specific little detail.
Did they change the music for the For the crash scene
Did I just hear you on an Apple Watch commercial?  Also I love how the apel wach got capitalized after I typed it lol
Why did I get an ad for a cruise ship in the middle of the video lmaoo
sad canada noises due to the alberta joke.
Fun fact?? De Falco - the guy who told that fat idiot to start acting like a man, was SACKED. "Promoted" to get DE-moted. That's what Italy have become lately.
The fact that I'm getting carnival cruise ads throughout this vid...*chefs kiss
Aw what? Ave Maria got flagged? What the shit YouTube.
Nice evening gentelman
I got a quick and easy one for you: "LET'S GO BRANDON!"
Wether it was purely Schattino's (hopefully spelled that wrong) negligence or Costa not having strict enough rules, Costa AS A WHOLE is responsible for letting a 700 MILLION dollar SUPER vessel keel over, let alone responsible for the deaths. Since life is priceless i wont compare the lives lost to amounts of money, but even if 60 people hadn't died, sinking something worth 700 million and then getting out of court and off the hook for only a milly' is OBVIOUSLY a bunch of corrupt heckdarnit. RIP those lost by the foolish actions of Schittino, never forgotten your unexpected sacrifices will surely force regulations and rules to be more strict, better enforced and in turn create much safer journeys aboard commercial-passenger ships
I really love hearing that Halo CE music every now and then in your vids.
Pilon is the real hero.
so basically the captain needs his teeth taken out
I’m not sure that “letting out too much chain” is a thing with anchors, considering the chain does most of the work keeping a ship stationary because it obviously contributes a vast majority of the weight.
I got extra credits for suggesting this video to my professor, and the only thing he say after is "that shit fucked up"
What happened to the "Ave Maria" during the collision scene?
Dominica Camerton is the type of women you would want to see before refusing to give her a space from a ship's remaining to lying in.
....OH SHIT 😆
This is, 'bay' far, your best video I've seen. Simply amazing.
Hello I have heard you are an Internet historian can you please tell me how Crystal and David relate
Using Halo soundtracks for background music. I approve.
Not only are these videos so funny themselves, but the carnival cruise commercials from youtube playing over this make it so much more hilarious..
The name of Captain Coward’s book in English is The Truths Submerged—they sure were   Am I the only person getting Carnival cruise ads? There were two for this one and then I started the Q&A video for the Incognito channel and saw another. Read the room, Carnival.
Daily reminder:32 people died and millions of dollars were lost because they were too cheap to hire a helmsman that spoke the same language as them
Seeing Carnival ads on this video is certainly something.
I didn't know ave maria was copyrighted?? Isn't it public domain by now??
I got THREE Carnival Cruise ads on this... Guys, maybe not your best video to advertise on
italian: Vada a bordo cazzo aussi: vauda aa bourdo cauzao
whelp youtube gottem, bois. 8:35 i'll miss the original music
It's all fun and games until you realised people actual died becuse of the ignorant captain's crew
Awwww the copyright people took O mio babino caro?  It fit so well
This was a fucking ride
8:36 ??? That's not the original music...?
7 months ago I waited outside for this video to come out and for the channel to eventually to capsize as well😭😭😭😭
Where tf are you man? We need more videos
Captain Incompetent Coward in command. He's up there with Byron Voutsinas of the Yarmouth Castle and Captain Joseph Hazlewood of the Exxon Valdez.
Hilarious.  I got a ad for Carnival on the front of this.  XD
This video is too good
I watched this video like 4 times, I just realized the Mantis Lord's theme plays at 19:10
Just here for the wife party.
I’m getting ads for the next Carnival Cruise. This is a sign
Rest In Piece the Ave Maria music
Lol did the music change from ave Maria when the boat hits the rocks?
When did they copy right song man 8:31 , it was so good . now it some copy free music :(
This is a metaphor for Biden's presidency.
"back to 10-15 Min videos and more of 'em"  Well that was a lie
I am italian and i can confirm that costa concordia actually crashed
I got a Carnival Cruise ad before this started!! 😀
Watching (well rewatching) this whilst being interrupted by ads for Carnival Cruise just seems somehow less ironic than it ought to. Strange days.
Someone needs to tell Carnival Cruises that this might not be the best video for their ads!
8:35 It changed.
An ad for Carnival Cruise lines was shown to me while watching this.
OMG TWOMAD LOOOOOOOL
community service or house arrest? I'll take the house please
Give meee moooooooooooore 😂
Is it just me or is there new music for the crash scene?
When a youtube channel explains better than your local newscast
I like how I get a cruise ad when I click on this video.
Noticed the ship collision music changed, F
Got an ad for Carnival Cruise halfway through. I think I'll pass.
Man with that halo music man   The feels
WHEN NEXT VIDEO
Lets Go Brandon video when?
Riveting storytelling
Carnival cruise has ads in this video…….. not the best option
I realized that the music that plays during the collision changed from opera to lounge music, anyone else notice that?
Music change? I listen to this story very frequently. Were you guys under threat of a strike or something? Lame!
I got two fucking Carnival Cruise Line ads on this video. I haven’t laughed so hard in a while
Did you get copyrighted or something? The music on the "collision" part changed.
8:37 - I actually think that the music that got inserted here fits even better than the original operatic stuff.
Damn, it really been 7 months...
Because everyone knows that electrical problems tilt a ship. It's just like my car, when the battery is empty, half the tires deflate. Thats how you know you have to plug it into the toaster to charge it.
Gotta love getting a cruise advert while watching this wonderful video.
no video in 7 months? did he quit YT?
I got a cruise ship ad before this video 😂😂😂
24:05 "largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic." Really? What about MS Estonia? Technically it was a "cruise ferry", not "cruise ship" but really not that big of a difference and borders on nitpicking.  And to top that, there is a handfull of other disasters between MS Estonia and RMS Titanic that almost thousand casualties per.  So i have really hard time grasping the metric used to say that Concordia was somehow remarkably disastrous. 33 deaths and loss of the ship is sad and unfortunate but in the history of maritime accidents, it's only unique because of the astounding levels of arrogance and incompetence from the crew.
Oh no 7 months upload
I got 5 Cruise ads. Each one put me on the ground
the 'after' pics look like portal 2 levels
24:10 The halo 3 music really sells this part
Sweet maiden of the sea
Dude where the feck are you.
I just got an ad for a Carnival Cruise in the middle of this video. What amazing advertising.
Can someone please tell the song at 24:20 ? Kinda hard to find it in the description
@Internet Historian Why was the music changed at 8:35, from the original video? Asking for a friend.
What a mess! hahaha
where is video funny internet man!?
25:23 😂😂😂 27:14 😂
21:53 - 22:00 😂😂😂😂
21:23 whyyyy
20:12 that.. is not a costa concordia lifeboat ....
did.. did the music change?
The fact that I got a carnival cruise ad on this is fucking hilarious
You switched the music during the collision
What happened to the crash section of the video where it used to play some music with sfxs, but now plays some tune out of some cafe jazz radio?
Anyone else getting Carnival ads on this?
These videos are so damn good.
The song changed! The song that plays when the ship strikes the rock! My programming is going crazy!
I think it’s dumb as fuck that they ordered the captain back on the ship, he was right to leave.
This is my favorite video on the internet. I think I’ve watched this 20 times already. I keep coming back to it
aw, what is this! who changed the audio during the crash? it used to be Ave Maria.. was that copy right struck or something?
HAHAHA that linus shiptips bit drowned me from tears of laughter! HAHAHAHA
Rewatching it right now for the 50th time or so. Did the "Ave Maria" during the crash scene get copyright-claimed?
"I took the brakes off my car... A man like me never knew how to stop."  I fucken dead lol
Whats the music use when renai is starting to question his client?
I love getting like 5 different ads for carnival during this
Am I the only one who noticed the music change in the scene where the ship had crash?
Damn, when did the "Ave Maria" audio around 8:50 have to get swapped out?
lol I got a Carnival ad nine minutes into this video  who owns Costa? that's right.
Could you please do a video on the DEMON CORE!!! radioactive accident👍🏻😉
did they change the music in 8:43?
The ship after the crash looks like something from fallout
They changed the collision music. Why? Mia babino was so perfect? Surely not copyrighted?
8:35 is it me or did the music change here??
I love how I only got cruise ads on this video.
Watching this again and I've gotten 5 ads for Carnival Cruises smh
Where are you Internet Historian? It's been eight... months :(
What is Payday music doing here
@internet historian … how about making some new content?
Loved that I got an ad for a cruise while watching this.
Oh I forgot this was the main channel until the last part.
43:48 you're welcome
Unsung hero's of the costa Concordia  Pilon and the other mechanics that was able to work the pumps and stop a fire with a screwdriver The lady that thought ahead and called her daughter The health officer that gave the order to evacuate and said "were leaving" to the captain when he said no,  The official that told the captain to "GET ON THE FUCKING SHIP" The people that all went back on the lifeboats to help people still on the ship  The crewmember that died helping passengers escape
lets hope we can get one more video before the year ends.
Historian: The Costa Concordia was the largest crewship disaster since the Titanic  Doña Paz and Princess of the Stars: bruh
Please do Cyberpunk 2077
I miss new content
BTW, also a good 'hypothetical' example of what may happen if you hire based on agenda and not skill.
What are some of the secret channels?
Hilarious, a Carnival Cruise ad played on this video, lol!
7 months? Why. Nobody is expecting rapid-fire uploads but this is extremely frustrating
Who steals a bell? Maybe I did….
you haven heard about estonia, have you?
The greatest YouTube sponsorship ever.
What is the original “spicy” asset used 28:09?
The
Amazing storytelling, great thorough research, great work as always IH. I rewatch this video every few months because it's an example of great nontraditional storytelling!
Waiting on the GME vs Melvin Capital video, waiting on a video on the vaccine waiting on a video on so much… we are living through truly momentous times and yet we seek only to meme and laugh. No better time to be alive
This was way more entertaining than I thought it would be. Thank you <3
I wonder when Story Mode is gonna post on this side channel again
Whoever edited this video is my hero.
Place your bet here,will he upload a video before or after 2022
I like 45 mins videos🥺🥺🥺
The Costa Concordia is one of the greatest cruise ships to sail the Otherworld which is a place where any architecture or object that has experienced a large amount of appreciation can cross to and be used by the spirits
No, wait! If it's only rated for two compartment flooding, they should make the bottom into just two big compartments! Unsinkable!
guys please help WHAT IS THE MUSIC AT 40:23 IT'S BEEN BUGGING ME FOR MONTHS I searched all of the music links but I can't find it this is URGENT pLEASE!!!
The peak of Italian incompetence and corruption !
Last upload was 7 months ago - we miss you Internet Historian 🙄🥺😩😭😭😭😭
Best video on YouTube hands down
Shots for using Halo music
At the Beginning I like the nice touch of the Titanic theme to kinda tell what was coming
These videos are seriously the best thing on YouTube, they're so interesting.
Just seems like a lot of people died and no real justice was done.
I legit got a ad of a cruise ship
No shet
8:58 MY GUY! IS THAT GORDON FREEMAN!!
and to think this was all caused by a stupidly dangerous tradition that annoyed the fuck out of everyone on shore. Because these are the sorts of people who should be driving a vehicle holding hundreds of people.
37:03 and 37:28 -- "El Cargo" by Amon Tobin. I love Splinter Cell Chaos Theory.
When is the devious licks video…
Do Tana con
what channel is IH posting on now?
All of the ship explosions are fantastic. One of your best videos yet and idk how I just came across it
"Complacency about procedure" should just be Italy's motto tbh.  Unless that procedure is something that HELPS people in need, because then it's beurocracy out the ass.
An end to your life as a rover, in Italian. Classy.
Tale as old as time, a tale of complete incompetence...
So the 2 secret chanels? 😅
42:14 ??????!!! 😭😭
38:20
I have heard from external sources that he's working on a video about the Suez Canal incident.
When mio babbino caro started playing with slow motion pasta flying through the air I lost it.
It has been 8 years. 8 years since your last video.    Your content is white hot. I get it takes a long time to make. But you're in Melbourne: unless you're in the protests (which,  mass boss move) you have nothing else to do.    Love  Internet  Custodian.
The fkn halo 3 music lol
The way the situation plays out before the accident happens really reminds me of Chernobyl.
You're doing an important job
Want more
lmao said there would be more videos hasn't posted on this channel in 7 months
Stupid question, but someone who was a genuine regular stowaway who lost luggage and were impacted emotionally by the ordeal, but otherwise unscathed onboard the Concordia ship really has no case whatsoever if they tried to sue as well, right?   What if a stowaway gets, I don’t know, severely screwed by the Carnival cruise line, say…I don’t know, the ship had faulty something or other, let’s say the cabin door hinges will not hold the weight of the doors, and this fact is on record, but the purchase and installation of faulty hinges was approved, and a set of hinges snaps under the weight of a cabin door and falls on a stowaway’s head, causing significant brain injury… Will they have a legitimate case or, because they were onboard illegally, no case whatsoever?  I’m just curious. I don’t know who the hell reading this, if anyone, would be informed on an international catastrophe like this, it’s not like this a channel focused on law practice whatsoever.  I’m just procrastinating the research paper I have to write. I chose to focus on motivation in music education, specifically self-regulation theory. Also, I have to give my cat her Prednisolone, and I really dread the impending battle.
Nice
noice Funney
Do you hate waiting for internet historian too upload. Do you constant watching incognito mode while you wait. Do you want a new video. Yeah week fuck you. Ain’t happening. Find out 2 and a half years later when the next video drops.
And the award for best Sponsored Ad on YouTube goes to...
We need operation soda steal!!
If anyone wants to make money doing a movie based off of this event in history, I dare them to put the captain is an old man in prison, and have him tell his side of the story.
And this isn’t a movie yet? Get in touch with a producer…..hurry!!!
dude, fucking upload already
Love these 1 hour videos, they are so well made
How tf did you get away with using Halo 3 music in this video? 😂😂
I like how when I was watching this my dad heard it and thought I was listening to an audiobook because of your voice being audiobook like Could you make audiobooks though
We need more here please
So is this channel dead or what?
Btw, now in Rome the word "Schettinato" (from the new verb "Schettinare") is used to describe someone who ran the fuck away from something.
crazy how just knowing some people can get you a job where you kill people
Ded channel
19:08  Waitaminute...that music... That's Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight!!! Aw yiss!
The greatest thing that ever happened to the internet. Internet historian.
You ever going to release a new video? Or just gonna curl up with a kangaroo and say "eh good enough"
It actually wasn't the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic, but since the sinking of MS Estonia in 1994, over 800 lost their lives. Even today there are big controversies regarding the sinking.
So basically A bunch of incompetent people behaves incompetently with a multi-mullion dollar ship and cause the death of 35 people One perticularly incompetent person who was in charge of this incompetence gets thrown under the bus by a multi-billion dollar corporation because "Fuck being responsible" or admitting they hired this incompetent person to captain their ship Said incompetent person then gets the blame while grieving passangers tries to get some justice and the said multi-billion dollar corporation goes "Not our problem. It's all on him."  Honestly, sounds like everyday problems in the world. Ammoral corporation does ammoral decisions, when caught doing ammoral things, they throw a scapegoat to the masses and say "We're sorry..." and goes back to doing ammoral things.
30:07
@27:51 I was legitly on the floor crying from laughter
So I looked up how to find the sock in dark souls and this came up and now I know why.
27:53
38:35: Emo Scatino
Planet: is 71% water Humans: create various technologies to sail it safely This crew: imma eyeball it  Can't really feel sorry for them
i cant believe its been 7 months since this came out... MOAR CONTENT PLOX <3
The saddest part is that no one had to die. If they had just been responsible and gotten people off the ship sooner, it’s possible if all or most of those who lost their lives could have been saved.  Great video! Entertaining and informative.
Your voice is like room temperature butter being slathered on my body after a hard day at work. Seriously though you should narrate audiobooks or do some asmr
Damn Cemortan my type of lady 😳
ok wait but what about the lady stuck in the magic box
What about the lady in box
This was tremendously brilliant, thank you. Played out like a movie.
I worked for Costa
46:30 lol good one. Best joke in the video
I wonder if calling the police on black people and reporting them being all black in public might be a good Internet Historian video. There seems to be a lot of those around lately.
24:10 what's the ost starting from here?
i guess you could say, it was the *cost* of concordia
This is hillarious, however I can’t help but cry watching this unfold with such detail. The fear they must’ve had..
You are a genius
Great video, I rarely leave comments anywhere but this is just a gem!
I am going to miss these 45 minute videos.
So much about more frequent Videos ^^
Where are u it's time
Seven months since a new video. C'Mon, Internet Historian! Get off your keester!  (is that how they say it in New Zealand?)
i love to imagine that the internet historian is just really harold
Today is the day. 27 September 2021. This video hits 10 million view.
all those cursed fun factoid coincidental lolsies u started the video with? fucked me up :)
its been seven months im waiting for my next fix god dammit
bruh the devilish licks is perfect for an IH vid
Bro the captains mistress is like the teachers pet telling that person she cant record
You think Martin ran but he actually teleported to safety
If Johnny Dep was there everything would’ve been alright he’s the best captain 👨‍✈️ ever.
28:47 drugs apperantly.. cracks me up
I bet the bean counters were happy they scraped the bottom of the barrel for staff to save money.
LET ME OUT, LET ME OUT, LET ME OUT, LET ME OUT.!!! 😜 👍
Go Pilon! Go!
So basically a bunch of rich assholes died
You gotta do a whole video on Chris Chan
6:22  I laughed harder than I should have
The only thing missing is a clip of Dr. Lazarus yelling, You broke the bloody ship!"
My biggest question is why the fuck were orders not immediately given to start evacuating? Even if the ship doesn’t end up going down, evacuating that many people takes time
Lesson learned why you should always make sure your helmsman speaks good English
Dude, I don't mean to be boring here, but... could you please make more videos... it's been seven months now, and yes, you're my favorite youtuber.
Can you do a vid on TF2’s hacking situation w/ the P0 user? Feel like you could make a proper film about it with your production quality + sense of humor. It’s a very messy situation, so heads up
This must be one of the best if not the best pieces if youtube content
Cool, 7 months since this video and we still haven't got any other ones...
The "Shut the fuck up" in the background got me 🤣
Here before the 10 million view mark
46:29 No more 45 minutes long videos Refuses to elaborate further Leaves for a year
If you removed the jokes and added a British voice with exasperated urgency, this would be BBC level shit. Well, also you’d have to produce a slightly better visualization.  I’ve watched this thing like 3 times
Gotta love the Metal Gear Solid music!
26:10 "Who steals a big fuck off bell?" my favourite line from the whole video
Did she tell a Judge what to stop asking her?
This is so much better than any Discovery channel doco Side note these are the only ads I don't skip
Im confused how the hell is this the captain's fault? Where is it written that a captain must sacrifice himself? He isn't a cop dude. And it was the company's fault for hiring someone who doesn't know Italian.
Need more content!!!! It’s been 7 months!!!!! Please internet daddy
Moment of silence for the people who didnt even managed to get to the planned distination.
Since the uploading of this video, roughly 45mil people have died, 105mil babies have been born, 15k earthquakes have happened, between 150 and 1500 species have gone extinct and 2177.243t ice cream has been produced.
for anyone wondering the song at 24:10 is Luck from the Halo 3 Soundtrack
This is why I don't go places.
Random asmongold kek
Ironically I had a house fire start a little bit half way through watching this, stopped the fire though!
2 words. "Story Mode"  You're welcome.
After watching so many time domnica really looks like pyrocinical or as sibling the uncanny look
31:49 perfect reaction
I have a good feeling about this too!
Complains about made up names  Reads the name Zsolt Horvath.
nice
Ah ..that Italian gesture 4:57
im so excited for the next video, whatever it is. your videos are elite
Thanks
I, too, took the crush with my psychological brain, and problems.
I don’t press the Subcribe and bell often but when I do…it’s for the internet historian
The news article is right - russell rubello is the true captain of the ship, dying while helping other passengers. unlike the captain who abandoned ship and ran away.
at the end of video: no more 45 minute videos. buut 10-15 minutes videos and more of them. videos he made here since that thing was said (7 FUCKING MONTHS AGO): Z E R O  0   hell yeah that many good 10-15 minutes we enjoyed the last half year. really cool. and to be honest i dont really like the icognito videos with the dialogs with some other person.  But thats a problem i have with all youtuber. jameskiis penguinz0 ect ect i like their videos when they talk alone. but fuck all the videos with them playing with friends or talking to other people instead of the audience watching the vid.   S T O P
28:47.. I NEED this video
Why the helmsman look like character from sim
I am mostly surprised the captain didn't pull a "I'm about to go through a tunnel now, I'm losing you..." *hangs up* on the harbormaster.
upload wen
Great video, this, although I have a very slight correction to make: maybe you're already aware of this, but Titanic was not a cruise ship; rather, Titanic was an ocean liner, and for those of you uninformed (apparently quite a few of you, as I once was myself), ocean liners were typically not meant for pleasure cruises, as cruise ships are.  They were moreso meant to carry passengers a longer distance away, to other countries, so that they could start new lives (whether for business opportunities, as in the case of first and second class, or for immigration purposes, in the case of third class).  As such, while there were sometimes decent, even lavish, amenities (as was the case with Titanic), this was not typically one of the main attractions of ocean liners.  Also, they tended to have more watertight compartments, for the reason stated above, and just tended to be generally better-built for sea crossings, than today's cruise ships are.  For example, a cruise ship would probably survive a light to moderate storm, but they generally plan their routes away from storm-prone areas; however, an ocean liner would fare considerably better under such conditions.
i love this film adaptation of Car Seat Headrest's song
This man is in every video like imma head out doesn't post shit on his main account  and comes back with a new video
I miss you. Where did you go? Please come back sometime soon buddy
YAH
You should do a video about the legend of Boxxy the queen of /b/ and the internet's first E-girl
To think of how much time the Chief Engineer bought the bridge staff, just for them to squander it. I can only imagine poor Pilon waist deep in seawater desperately trying to keep the diesel generator online, believing the captain is organizing evacuation. While in actuality the dunce is changing into a suit, to escape from the ship.   The Captain got off too light in my opinion. His negligence ended more lifetime then he will ever, or should ever live.
Putting the halo 3 theme in there as well as the quality of the video has earned my absolute respect, friend.
i think you should do a collab with TheSpiffingBrit. you both drink tea and enjoy chaos to a certain degree. maybe you both can become good bruddas
I don’t know if you edit your own videos, or if someone else does, but g o d d a m n.
This was brilliant. Great job.
That's pretty ballsy for the mayor to just get on a lifeboat and start rescuing people personally when he's not even a sailor or crewman. Incredible how so many people stepped up and took initiative when they saw that the crew (some of them) wasn't.
Wtf where r u? Have stroke or something?
It took over 5 years for that cockhead to get thrown in prison. 5. Fucking. Years. I became a bloody engineer in the time it took.
I never want your videos to end.
Hello this is YouTube admin, post new video or account suspended in 25 hours and ham
What part of the music is used for all the "Petey" bits with the suspenseful background?
IH passed away a few weeks ago due to covid. RIP
ive only watched 18 seconds and i can already tell theres gonna be a trillion titanic references
I am not italian, nor do I know italian asides from a few words, but if I'm not mistaken, "Vada a bordo, cazzo" is more like "get back on board, you cock"
I missed your videos man where are you 😭
rms titanic ship of dreams
Back to 10-15 min videos and more of them huh?..
Its been 7months
Still waiting for your Cyberpunk video.
Holy fuck, i was waiting for you to say "but nobody died only some injures" and it would be a funny video about a very dumb guy who destroyed a cruise.   I never heard about this because i was 8 and lived in another part of the globe, RIP.
I love how IH keeps acknowledging that he takes forever to upload on the main channel and we still get half a year long gaps between uploads anyway
My favorite secret channel is [redacted]
1:58 What's the title of this OST?
i rewatch this vid, the Fallout 76 vid, and the No Man’s Sky vid every so often because the editing of the visuals to audio and the pace of it (along with IH’s voice) just hit my brain the correct way. it’s extremely soothing for some reason and it helps me sleep or focus or whatever i need to do
Iamgine you sign up to dive into the wreck and poop from some bathroom opens up on the water you are in.
Do devious licks, we need you
This video is so amazing! Please do more of these with other ships.
I remember this being such a bruh moment when I was 9 years old.
That add man XD
38:46 it’s funny because the ringtone he used is called “by the seaside”
dude still waiting for the next video it's been 7 months
Even the ads is so fuckin good wth
Where are you bro ):
Worst thing about a longer high quality video is when the title makes no sense to you . It makes getting into the video a bother frankly
Idk why but while watching this video I had a massive panic attack, I've never tried to come back and finish the video until now. Wish me luck.
rip IH
Cyberpunk video when?
i Kinda feel bad for the captain of the Concordia
That Keem edit is the love of my life.
The real Captain Capsize.
When you said "ed tim" i got a real ad 😆
Love the Payday 2 music
ship tips
9/16/21 I'll be here, waiting expectantly for a new upload
Internet Historian, please do a documentary over Chris Chan, the most trolled man on the internet. Even if you have to make two or three parts. Please do it!
Halo music.....mmmmmm I like
To be a fly on the wall when "My Heart Will Go On" began to play.
How full of yourself do you have to be to not take as many safety precautions as possible when on a GIANT ship full of people?!?!
I found one of them secret channels
Digging the use of music from Metal Gear Solid 2!
I’ve watched this once every month, 6 and counting.
I thought this video was older, and I don’t remember the Linus ship tips thing, weird🤷🏻‍♂️
Waiting for return of The Varus
Someone lost their password again.
only watched this four times already, such a good documentary.
Make a vid about cyberpunk 2077
Oh well *i have a good feeling about this*
Thank you for teaching me just how fucking stupid this massive disaster was
So this is what titanic was based on?
boys, I don't this this Mary Ellen Carter is gonna rise again...
This is my first time watching @Internet Historian and I've got to say mate you've just got yourself a new sub.
But... BUT DID THE LADY IN THE MAGIC BOX EVER GET OUT??
Anyways this video is so anxiety inducing
when he said there would be 10 min videos from now on and more often... I believed him
Legitimately watching this for the 7th time now, I hope they do this kind of long intense videos for forever
lol, please don't ever let that girl come to Japan. She'll went crazy complaining there's no bin here
can someone tell me who the guy that is this channels icon is
*“Linus ship tips”*
Italy - Land of the crooked and rotten.
What about the mayor,  goes on to a sinking ship to save people.
Fuck you're good at what you do.
Would you consider doing a video on the 2008 Financial Crisis?
I'd freaking pay money to see this movie in the theatre.
See, this is why they should put the engines on the TOP of the ship! That way, they're the LAST thing that can flood.
As the Internet Historian seems to be slowing down/retiring I have found a new channel that uses his same style.  It is called big boss.  Not as good, but passable stuff.  Gonna spam message on IH 's videos to spur him into action.  Aussie is in lockdown ffs, what else do you have to do??
wait wait waitwaitwait wtf Is he being sarcastic or are there really hidden channels? Welp. No way to know so I guess I'm gonna have to start looking
man give us a new video ill download nord
Honestly Cermortan is the worst kind of woman. Being the mistress to a cheating scumbag is one thing, but using this tragedy to draw attention and add confusion to a serious investigation is ridiculous.  That "second time I died" BS is infuriating because the people in that boat died for real.
Shorter, more frequent videos, huh? Lol
My family almost sailed on Concordia's maiden voyage whe we were living in Germany. Bullet dodged!
hornet's theme is so good aaaaa
Dominica , Dominica.... I would bet everyday is an adventure with her.I don't know about living there, but visiting her planet would have to be a blast.
I love this video, I really, really do, but it also really, really needs to leave the recommended feed of every single video I watch.
Damn. Mr. Lovejoy really fukd up
Fun (Not actually fun) fact about the beyblade helicopter clip at 29:19, that was itself a rescue helicopter, rescuing a hiker in Arizona, specifically the Valley of the Sun, she initially had relatively minor injuries, probably heat stress of some kind, though after the "rescue" the rotational forces caused much more major injuries, leaving her temporarily paralyzed from the neck down, I saw it on the news and never did any follow up research on the topic, so the details are very hazy, and I don't know anything other then the immediate event itself.
Another detail about Jacob Rusli Bin is that he went to Jakarta by KPI (Indonesia Sailor Union) because he suspected to be mentally shock about the incident. And, To be honest, Indonesia media can't trace where is him now.
Honestly at this rate, Schettino will be out of prison before we get a new video
God damn this is like a fine wine 🍷🤣 it just keeps getting better with that intro!!
TRY TO MAKE A FAILD TRIP FOR ARIPLANE OR AMERICAN STEAM TRAIN??? STORY!!!!!
So my take away here is I could probably be a cruise ship Capt or at least an officer or something.  Cause apparently any unqualified shmo can
WHY DID YOU LEAVE?
Its crazy how basically everyone in charge fucked this up completely on. every. single. step. of. the. way. Like it was just one fuck up after another for this entire video.
Bruh... Schettino is such a fitting name for him
6 months!!!!!
I've watched this 5 times
Fcuking BEAUTIFUL! <3
Mafia. They're everywhere.
You managed to make a ship sinking both intense and comical at the same time
So mad Dominica didn't end up in jail, so incredibly mad
Damn, I just figured out why Schettino changed into a suit: so he wouldn't be recognized as he escaped. What a scumbag.
This is obviously super entertaining, but that really fucking sucks about the people that died. That’s so horrible.
The hollow knight music just increases the tension.
Is this stuff factual? About the captain and helmsman etc
Watching ad didn't even feel like watching an ad
This gave me Evergreen vibes
So everything that could go wrong did go wrong
The Halo music at 24:10 was nice
At 44:45, it’s like two-face; Is it just me or is it cool to look at?
It's been 6 months.....
welp
I love the ad as always
The mistress is a real basket case 😂
16 years for multiple manslaughter?   Good deal (for him)
The payday music made going near the island 20x better  Not even mentioning everything else
music at 24:20 ?
Sea bus go broke
Can you make more videos please ty
Looks like Italy did a better job than S. Korea. Lesson learned is that abandoning ship rather than staying put is the best option. Not to blame the victims of the Korean Ferry incident here, they were children and failed by every authority in that situation.
You are a legend mate ! Awesome stuff .
Mate, this was such a pleasure to watch. Keep up the good work.
Honestly though a horrible tragedy
What's so messed up is a simple call to "Hard right" would have saved them all. Yes, it would have proven his incompetence that he got so close to the rocks, and people would have lost their balance, and complained... but THAT is what you do... he worried about "comfort" of the turn for the guests then their actual safety and his carrier. When you have that many people... screw your carrier. just sayin
Definitely off-topic, but the before and after at 24:20 gives me some major Portal 2 vibes
19:07,  Hornet boss battle music casually starts playing. "Schettino, git gud."
-Passenger? -Yes? -You're not allowed to make, uh, *f i l m  m o v i e* -I'm *a l l o w* I'm *a l l o w* -Who said you're *a l l o w* -*U N D E R S T A N D A B L E* have a great day
The driver of the boat should be in prison as well after all if he didn't mess up no one would have died the fact he got off scot-free is disgusting
*"Vada a bordo cazzo!"*   -De Falco 2012
Comuqnue i resti della concordia sono stati portati in liguria, un mio amici ci ha lavorato
the thing i can learn from many boat incident, whenever they said everything okay then everything is not okay
17:38
But setting sail on 9/11
The quality of everything in this video is nothing short of incredible. I am in awe of your editing skills and aspire to be as good as you guys. The Noir D VPN ad was so good haha.
This is probably my favorite video on  all of youtube
The Italian judicial system continually lets companies and authorities off the hook when they act illegally or are criminally negligent - the Vajont Dam disaster is another example.
Those are the best edit/comedy productions i watch.
This is what happens with diversity hires
I wish Jacob Rusli Bin a very "stub your toe on literally anything you come across"
You are a world class entertainer, I will miss the day when you are no longer making videos.
And all of this cause he wanted to show up to a hooker.
You guys are so good lol. I've been watching all of your vids over the last couple of days. Your Nord commercials are incredible, so many great bits. Keep them coming.
'I took the breaks off my car, man like me never really knew when to stop... I took the steering wheel out too, I let the road take me where I'm supposed to be'
This really shows how “connections” can get you jobs you don’t deserve.
10:23 let it be known that this man took two photos of an 07 Audi A4 Quattro. One left hand and one right hand then cut and stitched them perfectly just for an ad
28:18 Dead Island pause menu theme
Can’t wait to see a Futuristic ship in the year 2112
‘Today was the second time I died’ what about all the people who actually died on the ship, try telling that to the grieving families. What a dickhead 😂
I was hoping someone in the comments would be talking about the “secret channels” because I want more content!!! But nobody cares!!
Nice use of the Halo OST 👍
35:17 I appreciate that skullgirls music. Very nice
"Back to 10-15 minutes and more of them" -February 16, 2021
There are other terrible naval incidents on cruising ships that happened from Titanic, some way worse than this. Another happened again to a italian ship like 30 or more years ago. And let's dont forget about the tragedy in South Korea with around 300 young koreans drowning. It happened after and made Concordia feel like a small bad trip..  But maybe IH was talking about the ship size and media coverage and not the number of victims, I personally discovered the Korean tragedy only this year, by pure chance, if my country (ItalY) media talked about it wasn't for much time.
21:36 Dominica wrapped up in a shock blanket but still maintaining the whole bullshit Karen attitude
scatino looks like roki vulovic
I hope Dominica’s crusade over the trash bin problem absolved her conscience of any lingering issues related to the crash and a feeling of personal responsibility.
Oh and the Magicians Alliance has officially blackballed you from ever performing professional Magic. Way to do a G.O.B…
So the more I think about it, the less I am inclined to believe being a helms man is that hard, after all you’re not navigating. You’re just to input the commands of the actual pilot/navigator. Still that said, who hires someone who can’t speak the language when that’s literally all you do is listen to orders?
more often MY ASS
Good lord.  I laughed so hard at 31:47 it's not even funny but I actually hurt my voice.
I just don't understand why and how some people (who are sometimes incompetent for the job they get but don't deserve) (like this captain who's terrible at his job) seem to get whatever they want and then, especially when they're in a position of authority, treat their people like idiots by lying to them and thus needlessly putting lives in danger? And
Don't know who's the bigger whole-er: The captain or the mistress.
Internet Historian and LEMMiNO are my two trusted sources on the internet today
I’m not sure if you accept suggestions for future videos Internet Historian, but if you do, I would recommend taking about Amy’s Baking Company. That’s some prime video material if you haven’t done so already.
It’s been a while since IH has uploaded.
I hope we'll get a Chernobyl in this style in the future
time for the mandated monthly rewatch
What a bout of bad luck mixed with stupidity. Jesus Christ Cap'n. You had 1 job.
Here because of the Zeducation shoutout, stayed for the content
The 3rd officer was supposed to be giving directions, but she was a woman.  Almost every ship in history that didn't crash had men in charge.
I love this video, some highlights for me are the music from payday 2, but especially the incredulous break in the script when he was like "Who steals a giant fuckoff bell??"
Achievement get: how did we get here?
The halo music for the decayed ship is amazing
This captain has played too many boat racing games
why don't they have crewmen apt to work underwater...
That's gotta be the worst pirate i've ever heard of
masterclass in sponsorship skit
The bit with Petey the lawyer is underrated
The intro give me hobbbit vibes
How was this 6 months ago
I dunno why, but the PayDay 2 OST makes the video even more intense and I LOVE IT
40:54 "Le Verita Sommerse" means "The Submerged Truths" which is pretty clever, not gonna lie.
It is a strange thing to think about:  How would things have changed if the captain drowned instead of abandoning?  How many people could have been saved?  How would the court process have changed?
chick magnet
Masterpiece.
This is a fabulous video!!!!
Has a year passed yet… waiting for new video
Howdy, dunno if you check these frequently, but the whole GW IP controversy might be a good topic to cover in the future, a lot of shady company BS, fans being idiots, controversy, controversy controversy. Love your content, hope all is well with you and your team!
Just came from a post that mentioned how good these ads were, and how people don't skip them. Made me happy to see that somebody has figured out the next step in advertisement, I'd ne surprised if we didn't see more ridiculous things like this from other folks at some point in the future... but then, maybe not, only time will tell. Anyways, just figured a comment about the ads would be fun, thank you for making them enjoyable enough that they can come up in conversations about advertisements.
If someone says "You can't film here" during an emergency, you know exactly who to start filming.  edit: holy sheet 5.1k likes thank you all!
This might be the only good vid of the whole channel, but damn, its a good one.
When are you going to post on the main channel
22:46 What the hell!? Wasn't expecting halo music alongside this story!! XD
Hang on just a minute! is that hollow knight music (specifically hornet 2) playing at 19:08 ? well, ill be.
6 months...I need my new drug!
From the historian who focuses on Internet history to a pretty legit historian who happens to be on the Internet. What a character arc!
I'm in love with your ads
While ur in Australia can you do a cunted cruises vid on Gladys & the ruby princess: Concordia 2 titanic 5?
I miss this channel. Too bad he abandoned it for dumb podcasting
Halo music was a fantastic choice.
10:18 Even the editor had enough of his script
Where is my new video, I'm eager to see stories.
pro tip: if you don't have a vpn and want to watch something blocked in your country you can download it via some sort of youtube to mp4 and watch it that way.
4:32 My god I'm already nervous, this is sounding like a Final Destination plot
Fuck I wish I were a scumbag!
46:30 IH “No more 45 min videos on the main channel” Shit it’s been half a year. I’m wondering if there’s gonna be any more videos at all…
Oi stop stealing the downward spiral
you don't know the memes they made about Schettino here in Italy
Do the next one on the Afghanistan pull out.
Why is the content always so quality?
I liked the incognito weapon vid a lot. Is patreon worth? Cuz 6 months is too many months. But I am poor. Any feedback appreciated, thx
Schettino infame abbandona la nave
I can stajd a lot of stuff but that poor spaghetti on the sink makes my heart ache
45:43 majestic
in my opinion the people looting the wreck arnt "stealing". The Captain abandoned it all in the ocean after all!
The juvenile knee simulteneously please because yellow crucially note per a earthy throne. grotesque, aquatic name
Wow, Six months huh
so many quick & subtle references you could blink and you'd miss em oblivion, billy madison, auntie fee parody, the sims 4, friends, tourettes guy  you are nuts.
been watching youtube for 14 years this video is *easily* top 5
Crybaby mummas boy. Yuck
Bro u ded post a vid already
LMAODX
The bridge was full of stupidity that night
Why does this feel like a star trek episode
That feeling when you get caught off-guard by the appearance of the most hated gnome in internet history.
More! More! More!
A new post! Pleeeeeease!
all this for a recreational vessel, unreal
coronica, really?
Make more videos you bastard
32:09
this almost got me tears, I mean that
wow ... i bought some chips and soda, as ive watch this whole documentary .. who would have thought i need this amidst this lockdown
22:30 they should have put his head underwater<.<
Wow. So most of the people stuck in the elevator and actually helping to evacuate despite the captain trying to stop the evacuation efforts are dead and this guy at parties on house arrest and got a slap on the wrist in jail time.
I only wish someone did a shot for shot remake of the commercial after the wreck
Do Bogdanoff brothers next
"I won't be gone as long"………… 6 months later
i need to find that bell
what a video
you know in an age where most YouTubers who started 7 plus or even further. but in this case four years ago. internet historian has not lost his Mojo in fact he still got some good few years in him and hopefully even more than that. he might become a piece of shit later but at least he's good now
This would have been high-quality comedy central television about 10 years ago, like before everyone knew the difference between internet quality editing and tv quality editing
I'm  allow, I'm allow.  who say you are allow?  Bethesda dialogue writers: _frantically taking notes_
That a true story of love and loss, of heartbreak and love
Mate you need to do a video on the titanfall hacking situation. Shit has so much lore and has a few really shocking twists
not finished watching let, but kudos to the random Vice City soundtrack in the background in the middle
Internet Historian "Who steals a big, fuck off bell?"  Also IH: It was me the whole time.
avec des sous titres français je serais si heureux
First time watching this and the adverts were for cruises 😭😂
I noticed that Hornet theme going in the background. Good choice.
43:50 the linus tech tips intro actually caught me off guard, best part of the video
At what point do you commit mutiny and start offloading passengers to life boats. Someone in engineering should have said nope I'm out and explained to the crew it's time to get the passengers out.
linus ship tips
At 5:04 as someone who has literally no experience as any kind of crewman on any ship it feels like the 1st officer is trying to overcorrect the helms man's mistake, making a sharper turn to account for the lack of action from the helmsman. Again, just a gut feeling.
the deets :D
IT WAS NOT NAMED AFTER A FINE LADY.... bad fucking luck starts in the boardrooms yall fuckers
i still don't know if he created this or if he found the story and made the video
I'm sure you're EXTREMELY busy making all these thousands of videos for the main channel, but I would like to request a video on Titanfall 2 hackers lore, jesus christ this shit is getting more and more fucked up.
This is best IH video so far wtf
That cut to the Vice City theme got me so excited
Ngl that spaghetti got me acting up tho. It looking mighty tasty.
The captain sounds like a Micheal Scott
COME BACK
"I took the breaks off my car, a man like me never really learned how to stop" 😂😂😂 Bro the ad's on this channel are unmatched anywhere on the internet
Gawdamn, that Payday 2 music made watching that little moving ship graphic the most exciting thing I've seen all week!
RIP Main Channel.
38:39 name of song?
@Internet Historian  When will you make another video on this channel?
Crazy how much rewatch-value the videos from Internet Historian do have.
"largest cruise ship disaster, since the Titanic"  Hmmmmm, have you ever heard of the M/S Estonia? 989 passagers and 852 dead... Might not have been bigger ship than concordia, but I would say it was a larger disaster....
"From now on it will be shorter videos and more of them"  6 months later......
imagine having the captain saying "everything is fine", while you watch the news on your phone saying that the ship is f*cked 😂
god! even the sponsorship is great
Very interesting story.  I only feel stronger in my belief that bad leadership should not be accepted.
A lesson of leadership incompetence and disadvantages of work diversity.
There are countless of heroic professionals that will do their work right whatever the odds, and there is Schettino. Who the hell put him in charge of this ship? WTH
... *Who the FUCK, touched the playlist..?*
One of my favourite videos of all time, it’s silly a masterpiece
It’s been... *SIX* .. *long* months since Historian’s last upload. I still remember the debut of Cost of Concordia. The comment thread was still sparkling, the second channel’s Q&A hadn’t even been booked yet. I was so excited about the promise of rapid fire new content, ..then, nothing. That was six, long months ago. I was so young, so naïve.   ..Sigh.
You clearly have not ever heard MS ESTONIA.. M/S Estonia sank and over  800 people died. The Estonia disaster occurred on Wednesday, 28  September 1994. And it was way more catastrophic and fatal sinking than  Costa Concordia..
Where is this guy?
Titanic 2:Electric Boogaloo
FYI in 2012, Hungary hadn't been "communist" for over two decades and it definitely had laws against insurance fraud, though I'm not surprised a lawyer with his face on TV decided to hype his own story. Those involved didn't even attempt insurance fraud. They attempted (and failed) to join a civil suit.
Maybe I don’t know enough about ships. But why the hell are all the engines next to each other? Seems like you’d want to spread that out to ensure you don’t lose all of them.
4:35 what song starts playing here?
This is the price to Pay if you are trying to impress a women on board a multi million dollar ship! Can we know who this women is!
Bro, overdue
Why did YouTube make me unfollow u???
Weird question, but what's the music at 40:21 ?
This is the best explanatory video about Costa Concordia ever made
I wonder how the people at NordVPN react to internet historian's ads
At the time, as an Italian kid, I remember that I began to be afraid of every person whose surname was "Schettino", because on TV and every adult around me said that a person named "Schettino" had done some really bad things. And now I have almost turned 19 and I am still afraid of every person whose surname is "Schettino".
What's the music for 24:11 Cause I can't remember for the life of me
we await your upload m'lord
I watch every internet historian video twice because it’s that good
Like actually, it’s been too long without an upload
Why this dude hiding the fact ship flooded? Like was he expecting to be able to go down put some planks paint over them and act like nothing happened? 😂
My mum and dad were on this boat a few weeks before it sank. I remember they told me that the captain was really young and looked really arrogant and reckless.
The Captain abandoning-ship with souls still on board is unforgivable.
What legend made the call to start playing My Heart Will Go On
33:48
This channel is just too good
the part that annoys me is when the stowaway tries to stop a video recording by acting as if she's staff. That to me says she knows she's guilty of something that she doesn't want out.
As soon as I saw the before/after pictures I immediately knew it had been looted. Even the engines were missing their valve covers.
Dude how the fuck did a guy with the ridiculously short ridiculously shady record become captain of a $560,000,000 ship holding thousands of souls!?  I can drive anything with wheels, and I’ve totaled everything with wheels at some point. (Except a backhoe and tractor and forklift and semitrailer) so obviously I’m qualified to be a commercial pilot right?
This guy is so funny
20:17 that’s actually pretty badass
They should of just left it to become an artificial reef lol
We need more of these. Seriously
The like shears jointly work because sugar intraorally peep without a hot huge manager. shocking, cute comma
This giy went from historian to history
Where new videos
It’s been 84 years…
Yo Internet historian you good?
I'm rewatching this video for... like the 60th time, and just now I noticed the Hornet Theme, from Hollow Knight. You sir, are a gentleman and a scholar. <3
Does anybody know where his secret channels are
38:30 made me lose my shit
Fun Fact: The Wikipedia page for the word "Cazzo" has "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" as one of the example sentences.
10:47 ad ends
I'm all for quality over quantity but having to wait 6 months+ for new videos is a bit ridiculous
28:28 Dead Island main menu theme music.
Ahh, I see that the US government is doing the exact same thing as the captain was doing with the current democrat administration. I can't imagine it's going to turn out any better for them in the long run.
Sent here by Zeducation. Great channel IH!
I'm so old I can remember when this channel used to upload viderermos. C'mon man.
The spectacular paste equally suffer because area progressively regret following a selfish pantry. likeable, shut gun
LMFAOOOOO how have I never seen these videos before LOL
Schettino, as captain of the Costa Kabul: "eh, the buck stops here, .. but... you know, Donald Trump.. uh.. "
I can't believe you wasted all that delicious spaghetti for that joke. 😕
LMAO Linus ShipTips
I've lost track of how many times I've watched this. This, and The Gentleman Pirate.
That douchebag got off super light. All those deaths are directly on his hands.
Zed sent me
he said: "lmao xD im out this mf"
Wow!
You left out the part where Schetinno kept asking the crew to apply more  "Flex Seal".
I think I might have found one of my new favorite channels, that was pretty well done and informative and to boot it had some pretty damn funny parts, especially the "oh God not again" 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
YouTube actually inserted a Carnival Cruise ad in this video!
Thanks to tyler zed for turning me on to this channel
its worth noting Titanic was actually rated for 4 compartments, not 2.
Post another video you coward
Payday 2 soundtrack for increased intensity
OMG what a chit show
We're gonna jump the captain when we get on shore
i got a carnival cruise ad
Noble sir.  You just earned your self a subscriber My ADHD is pleased to say it's happy now  I laughed my ass off while learning Keep up the great work sir
Zed sent me.  Mo content please.
Thanks!
Later Schettino changed his name to "Joseph Biden" and has been seen piloting America into a similar situation!
Zeducation braught me here. I'm really glad too cause this video is awesome.
Thank gawd the cocaine made it off safely!
Anyone here sent by Zeducation?  Monthly videos Internet Historian
time spent researching for video : 3 hours time spent animating : 20 minutes time spent finding the right bitmoji for the crew members : 6 months
Ironically, I just got an ad for Carnival Cruise lines.  Serendipity.
My Captain My Cap.....tain.... where you going ?!*
First time watching this channel cuz of Zed.. not the last time for sure!  But... is this all actually real? My God! The amount of stupid things I’m hearing is just amazingly horrible! Didn’t anyone know anything at all? 😩
It’s playing my heart will go on. And it’s not helping. I spit out my food. Lol omg that’s hilarious
All that money on ships yet they still can't prevent wrecks. Makes me wonder what the arcs or pyramids are made of they have almost no damages.
REMINDS ME OF THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION!
Hello, Internet Historian. Name's Leo. I am from Russia. I teach at YMFC. it is basically a maritime college. I would like to contribute russian subtitles to your video to show it to my students. Would that be possible in any way? Please, pretty please. (P.S. I am not good with editing, so I couldn't add them in a downloaded video)
im here from Zeducation he said this channel was good so ill give her the ol'college try
Did anyone also get a Carnival Cruiseline ad while watching this?
Dear mr Internet historian:  I would be surely delighted to see a video made about the downfall of world of warcraft. Your video about the fall of 76 has brought much joy to me and i would love to see something similar made for the biggest mmo ever made. Although the game failed for totally different reasons then fallout76, i'm sure it would make for a good video. (Its a huge messy pile of fecies) Yours truly, A loving subscriber from windmillville
I got a carnival cruise add before this video.
41:28 Bruh Oblivion guard 😂
6:56
The Halo music lol
6 months and 2 rewatches later is how long it took me to realize the title is cost of concordia instead if costa concordia
*Picture of Domnica in airliner cockpit*  "Oh god not again"  Almost made me spit my food out  😂
Really though. It's the helmsmans fault
love the MGS music
LinusShipTips
The halo music half way through really completed it
Can you please make a video on Nas Daily 🙏🏼? I wanna know what exactly happened but yknow, I also wanna be entertained hahah.
Says I’m not doing 45 min videos so we can have more…. 6 mo later
I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED MORE VIDEOS, I SWEAR, DO IT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
all because he wanted to do a sail by salute closer to shore.
The abnormal guitar echographically snow because mist inevitably plan regarding a few fierce reaction. rabid, wild change
28:48 Anyone know the original clip of this? I can't seem to find it please help!
no they re not gay
The certain ambulance hemperly muddle because romania family ruin past a sweet cirrus. stimulating, rightful ferry
Hey, shout out to the deputy mayor.
No more 45 minute videos. Back to 10-15 minutes and more of them.  Basically translating to : No videos ever
My favorite part in this video is when he almost laughs while saying “He tells the captain to get the FUCK back on board.”
New.... Content.... Bastard...
The visuals just made everything so much easier to understand. Props to you 💪
24:05 actually, Titanic was an ocean liner.
If they ever make a movie out of this, Christoph Waltz should play Del Falco. I would watch that movie.
It's been 6 month. It's almost time for another IH Main Channel Video.
45:20 the woman on the right looks like an skyler from breaking bad but older.
I think I have an unpopular opinion when I sit here and think that Schettino, while a piece of shit, it actually bugs the hell out of me that I see people call him a complete monster.  The dude was a reckless moron and people paid for his incompetence.  Jail him.  However I can't help but be a little perturbed by the witch hunt mentality towards the Captain.  I have no desire to defend him... but it seems to me that it's less about justice... and more about making an example of someone to satisfy a society's bloodlust.  Less justice, more a display of political virtue signaling.  Jump on the most recognizable individual in the group of degenerates responsible to make it easy and get instant clout.  It... is disturbing.  Makes me question the concept of justice entirely.  If it's not just another form of vengeance that we compartmentalize.
Was not expecting the hollow knight soundtrack to fit a life-or-death sinking but it was a perfect choice👌
I got a carnival ad on this video.
This is why ill never go on a cruise ship
I like to think he's working on a video for Fallout: the frontier
Pilon is my hero. He knew they were up an Italian shit creek with no rudder🤣
It’s been 6 months since this last post.. hoping his next video is as good and long as this one. What a film 👏👏👏
too easy
17:37  you're  welcome
That south korean couple sleeping through it all... LOL
I could definitely go for an Internet Historian video right now...
Ah yes Italy...
How tf can you crash two large ships and still be allowed to captain a ship
actual good storytelling
I can't believe you spoiled martins magic trick
This is why I don’t take risks anymore, the slightest risk can cause a big problem
38:30 Emo Schettino!
Costa Concordia crashes by the rock.  Phil swift: Now thats a lot of damage.*Uses Flex tape to seal the ship*.
I can't believe they had someone steering the boat that doesn't speak the same language
“The Costa Concordia, ship of dreams. It's been 8 years”  Ya, just like your new video.
HE WALKED ALL OVER IT WITH HIS DIRTY BOOTS OVER THE CRISP WHITE SHEETS OF MY BED THAT I HAD JUST MADE
so good i watched it three times
Did you die?
*If you think about it, the Magician saved one more life than Francesco...*
Professionals btw
Concordia: **exists**  Francesco: *”Its been exactly 100 years since the Titanic! Gotta keep the ball rolling!”*
Man, it's messed up that those people taking stuff from the ship got jail time. I say it's fair game when the ship sinks.
buy more cheese-sticks and bread-sticks.... please.... - the voice in your head
Absolutely love the Halo music in this
The captain be like captan: mama mia
46:29 Sadge
This is probably the wrong place to post this, but I know you said you were done with the longer episodes, however if I could request one for your particular flair, I think the story of EVE online and there massive community lead battle would be incredible. Anyways loved this episode so much
So historian it's been half a year now... upload when?
It was an expensive mistake
The only detail I seem to being wrong is that the lifeboats are meant to pass the passengers back and forth
Where has he been?
Asmon sent me
Imagine sinking a 500,000,000 ship because you want to annoy locals and saying that it’s a blackout. Seriously, that random woman saved more lives than the captain.
Mate new vid please :) you are a genius
The feels when he used the halo music, hit me deep.
I can't believe Jacob saw jail time. 41:46
WHERE IS MY NEW VIDEOOOO!! THIS OLD BOY IS STORMINGG!
Its been..six months...
The deputy mayor was great man, the inverse of the captain. The diverse crew wasn’t exactly their strength
you'd think a company running ships this expensive would be much more stricter in term of choosing who's to pilot it...
Is there any way I can contact you?  I have two old internet drama things that used to fascinate me.
Look fuck$lut, we need more IH and we need it now.  Oxymoronic posh Australian accent & all.
That was an oscar-worthy Nord VPN add. A performance to make Humphrey Bogart proud.
The Linus bit got me 😆😆
This is essentially a moral tale against lying and about having the courage to tell the truth, even when that truth is "I made a huge mistake"  Imagine how the situation could have developed if the captain was truthful through or if his crew refused to take part on his lies
28:45 *Vibing to gta vc theme song remembering the good times*
No no, you can't just pick apart spaghetti for a bit. Just because this was a good story doesn't mean spaghetti has to suffer.
25:12  When he said There they are. The Deets! I fucking Shot My Drink out my nostrils from laughing
Oh my god this guy is Hilarious! Holy shit . Hey Internet Historian! have you ever Done voice work or animation for Adult swim? Or maybe even write for some of their shows?
you have an amazing talent to telling stories, i hope you make one for cyberpunk im really curious about that
New theme for all "in going down" meme 38:30
Dominica is one hot babe!
Was watching this while playing ROBLOX Titanic, Irony. Also I was on the iceberg and was getting a bit bored of waiting.
"Hey, we have a big expensive boat. We should launch it on a super unlucky day. Also, we've hired a capitan with a history of crashing huge ships, and the dude driving doesn't speak any of the same languages as the others on the bridge"  PERFECT! SET SAIL!
We need you now more than ever, please do a video about Sleepy Joe Biden's massive uh oh spaghetti oo's.
costa concorsia vs jack dawson and rose dawson titanic 1997
42:14  *LMAO XD*
Where's our Internet Historian ????? :) Any new content coming out ?
Why the mistress so ugly tho
Why would you ever play "My Heart Will Go On" on any cruise ship... like, anywhere. I don't care if it's sinking or not.
On the one hand, I am against looting. OTOH, this company doesn't deserve anything better and all that stuff-from the bell to the paintings-would have just dissolved if left in sea water. Ocean water is mercilessly corrosive.
Did I just see Elland Road?
I’m honestly impressed that this disaster could’ve gone way worse.
29:10 I love the fact you added Vice City music.
Nearing our bi annually video 😆
33:05 Wait a minute, wouldn't these people have travel insurance? So it's more the insurance company that will take over the claim and put up the fight with the Concordia people, while the passengers get reimbursed by their insurance company?
WE NEED A DOCUMENTARY OF THE  AFGHANISTAN PRESIDENT GHANI
A slavic woman loving attention, oh yes I am so shocked.
What a entertaining video
argg
How dit a ship like that get in the hands of idiots like that
RIP Internet Historian : ( you will be missed
This video is my soul food! When I’m down I watch this or QFG on letsplaywithbrigands!
gonna be honest, I already knew the story but I did wanna watch the ad
What is that song playing at 20:10
The goddamn bell falling cracked me up.
Man so ready for a new one
i'm Here for the Lord Miles video.
Around 5:38 the payday 2 music was such a fit
Can People Start Saying in The Comments Where The Secret Channles Are?
IH: shows me images of a destroyed cruise ship.   My brain: “They let me pick. Did I ever tell you that?”
You should do a video about Tay, the AI microsoft made for twitter. It started out excited to learn from humans and less than 24 hours later it was trying to start a race war. Edit: Nevermind, I found it. Thanks!
Island of Gigolo.  Perfection.  So much perfection.
6 months for a video...that's okay I guess
Wow, showed in my recommendations yesterday and by today i watched ALL your videos! Definitely subscribed :)
I have watched this so many times
A good captain always goes down with his ship. Needless to say he was not a good captain
Il vento d'oro
A 53 metre gash?  I didn't know your mum was there!
I would love to see this style of documentary covering the story of the Titanic
I love this video but it kills me every time when I hear how he pronounces 'Cemortan' hahaha
haha car seat headrest
17:12 had me dying especially with the piano intensifying lmao XD
To think, all of this could've been avoided if the helmsman spoke decent english.
This has nothing to do with this video. Just wanna say I cannot wait for the Chris Chan video
What does this video tell you about Italians
Video about how to FUCK up everything...
" you need to go down with the ship captain."  the ship never goes under  the water.
I found myself in need of a VPN and I remembered you had a link in this vid. Came back here just to find it and support the channel. Love the videos!
7:00 kansei dorifto?!
I think the real criminal is the guy who hired Jacob who didn't even know English. That's just triggering lol
"10-15 minute videos and more of em"... but where are they?
The captains lover! Our ancestors would have locked her up..
You forgot the password again?
I swear there is life on Mars that knew about this video well before I did. It's binge time.
Jesus, 6+ months for a video. The second coming of Christ in video format wouldn’t be worth waiting that long.   There is a problem in IH’s process. Even if he really enjoys making these videos there is a fine line between doing what you like and upsetting the viewers with such a long wait between content. Surely making a 5 minute shit post video like before can’t be an impossible task, and would split up the frankly stupid wait.   20 minutes is a lot for a vid, 40 is excessive, I feel like the next one will be an hour. That’s a serious bruh moment and a waste of 6 months imo, also there’s no way he can keep that up without burning out. Imagine how demoralising it would be spending that long on something, see it get an okay response then having to start again. Bad stuff
THIS WAS 6 MONTHS AGO????!!!!!??!
This may have already been said in a comment section on this channel but I seriously think 10 years from now people will revisit this vid for some nostalgia feels. This is seriously that entertaining... keep it up <3
Anyone know what is playing at 24:29?
imagine how cool it would be if they just turned it into an artificial reef, now that would be a trip, imagine the tourism. Turing something bad into something better.
reason for dislike: ad was not at the start or end of the video thus breaking immersion.  i love your videos but the ads man... they really ruin the flow..especally in this one.
No video of the witches vs christians Trump twitter war?!?!
Best part of the video is the: "OH SHIT." With it zooming in XD
What a baw bag captain
Those after crash Concordia pictures look like they would make for a really cool Zombies map
And there he goes
linus ship tips lol
The halo music fit tooo well
So the Concordia is basically the titanic but instead of it being unexpected and out of anyone’s control it’s basically a moron just smashing into a rock for no reason
I could imagine the poor family that saved all year just for this to happen
37:57 nice windows watermark lmfao
The captain's mistress looks like Andy Summers.
What's the song that plays at 40:27 after the ship bonks his head?
10:12
This was such a great video. Thank you for sharing
this seems ripe to the be turned into a romance movie starring leonardo decaprio
The fawkin IH knows how to weave a tale.
OBS !!!!!! GET OUT !  mind blown.  served my "problems" on a platter. salute. i will never complain again. always a solution.
At 24 minutes in, you get the distinct impression that this video is coming to a close. So I tapped the screen to see if I could go ahead and binge the next video of this incredibly fucking amazing channel, and I’m only halfway done lol. I can’t even imagine what the rest of this fucking story might be like wowza
Alone for her statement "i die a second time. First time on crash, now again for you finding out the Captain fucked me" while 33 People actually died, she should've gotten jail time.
I've seen this video so many times now. I think this is not only one of internet historians best videos, but maybe even one of the best documentaries ever made, and I genuinely mean that.
Love the hollow knight music in the backround lmao
dammnn look at you handsome lookin fellaaah
"10 to 15 minute videos and more of em" LMAO
bruh, the memes are on point, just like an authentic pizza napolitana
29:34
It even has a watermark😂 26:59
I Was recommended by a son of mine to watch this video...on that day we came about it on the evening news...as Italians we were deeply disgusted and ashamed by the incompetency of this douchebag...the whole aftermath was a disgrace too...horrified by the people who died and how unfair it all was dealt with.
19:10 how have I watched and rewatched this like a dozen times and I’m only now noticing the use of music from my favorite video game Never expected to hear hornets theme in a video about a deadly cruise ship disaster
how is the music called from 6:36
14:25 Q: What is the worst song to play on a ship facing any incidents? A: Any song that was used in the movie "Titanic."
THE SIMS AHAHAHAHAHAHA
LINUS SHIP TIPS KILLED ME AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Rock just beats everything, I guess.
Amazing editing, great storytelling, and impressive research. What a great video!
I mean... The capt is awful, but it was really the fault of the guy who didn't speak Italian. If he had done what he was told to, they would've been fine.
i'm looking forward to the internet historian covering the chris-chan sagas, i mean there are hundreds of christorians here in youtube but i wanna see his take on it
Ngl the abandoned ship looks like a cool place to hang out
I die when I took the crush with my psychological brain *gasps and confusion*
Where is it, old man? Give it to me right now!
They should of had his balls off as soon as he landed to stop the ultimate scumbag gene from spreading.
Lol that indonesian dude is the most responsible one tho..
Thanks!
Does anybody know the background music @ 20:05 is called?
Moviepass as next video, perhaps?
can you imagine being a painter in Indonesia, getting hired as the helmsman of a $500 million ship, being given orders in a language you barely understand, accidentally causing the ship to crash and kill 32 people, and fleeing the country? what a fucking wild ride on a related note, who thought it was a good idea to hire this guy in the first place
That was awesome
38:07 Ryu: “Mario, would you teach me some Italian?”
Omg. This is brilliant. Great job.
This is the first video I’ve watched of yours, and I absolutely loved it. Me and my partner have just sat all evening watching all of your videos. The comedy and editing is perfect *chef’s kiss emoji*
You should talk about the 2014 roblox incident
Sorry if you've been asked, but have you bee following the Blue Box Games story at all? I feel like it would make for an amazing video one day.
At this point he's just the Historian
“There they are, the deets.”   *W H E E Z E*
It took my 3rd time watching this to notice the GooseBumps theme song @40:27
Honestly, if I didn't know it better, all of this sounds like a script for a comedy movie.
Thank u lolll
Now I know.....cocaine can be used as a hair conditioner.
This is art
19:30 nice music choice
Legendary content
I bought your raycons <3
I probably would pay for editing lessons from this man
INTERNET HISTORIAN. Please do a video on Christian Weston Chandler and his history please
The incompetency of everyone involved, including the ones responsible hiring, is so baffling it appears almost intentional
I need a new vid
I'm surprised that more people didn't die. So much went wrong!
38:30 my absolute favourite bit
i'm losing my mind, why does the guy at 35:07 look so familiar?
Betcha the next video is either about airplane service or the downfall of class action park.
If anything looters were helping clean the oceans.
This is now an official Italian history documentary.
They should make a movie about Domnica Cemortan, like a spoof. Where she illustrates doing crazy shit and the captain looking from afar
Yooo, I remember seeing this fucking shit in 2012 in like a magazine or something as I was going on a cruise myself 🥶
4:03 missed opportunity to put super mario on the screen but ok
That piano man knew what was happening all along
That commercial for Nord had more story-writing talent and character development than all of Hollywood's attempts the past decade or so. Well done.
you did a great job sir.
38:31 is my favourite scene
Why the hell planking is Age restricted video now?!??
27:12 I can’t believe that Muggle tried to get onto Platform 9 and 3/4
Hey sanka, you dead?
The inside of the ship after looks like fallout
This is the same exact thing that happened with Chernobyll
Your pasta sauce was too runny
"Today I died" is the weirdest thing for a survivor of an accident (that the man she was having an affair with caused) that has actually killed people
The costa Concordia after the crash looks like its straight out of a fallout game
This legit kinda fucked me up
Todd Howard as a Captain. :D
i truely wonder how one could dislike this... like , are you watching  the whole video and then go like, "meh, i dont like this. its fake" or do like dislike after the 1e sence.... eater way, i think its genius.(L)
Great video
"More videos" he said
Could you imagine all those deaths being on you, and not only that, but you run away like a moral and literal coward? How can that man breath another breath without breaking down? All those lives snuffed out from incompetence and pure stupidity.
Those fake people were made in Sims 4 weren't they? Also, I don't usually watch ads but I enjoyed yours thoroughly.
Why didn't they just rent 30 chinooks to lift the ship out of the water
7:56 i know he says port 20 does it feel like he says 420?
I totally understand why the captain reacted the way he did. Back when the captain was the master of his ship he was responsible for everything and could make all the decisions, but now the captain is not the master of the company's ship, he needs to follow other people's procedures so instead of the captain it should be the company's board that gets held responsible, because they are responsible.
All I want is another video. Is that too much to ask?
Can you just make an hour video of Nord VPN ads please? Ill actually pay to see ads..
This is what happens when your a simp
My heart will go on is playing while a ship is under distress, not a great plan.
I really liked the Hollow Knight and Halo music used in the video
This video is a masterpiece, no jokes.
Cemortan looks like every middle school Italian teacher
This video is so damn funny 🤣
Pete Ronai is probably the best person in the entire story for bringing the police to find that girl
I freaking love this channel. I didnt even know about this disaster of a ship
Comrade Concordiov.
More like this plz
Much like the Titanic was an example of how safety precautions are extremely important, the Costa Concordia was an example of how the crew must be able to properly communicate.
When will you upload again your videos are like a twice a year event now
honestly this is horrifying. imagine going on a cruise for vacation and then waking up to alarms blaring and living the fucking titanic. i'd never go on any boat ever again ever
Sooo... you've got a Captain who didn't get there the normal way, a Third Officer who's not doing the thing, a Helmsman who doesn't have nearly enough of a grasp of either language on the ship and no experience...  And if literally any of those things weren't a thing maybe this whole thing doesn't happen...  WEEEE Human Error.
42:12
Thanks!
26:11 lol
us italians have the skill to gain recognition for every faulty system we have by making the situations even worse
I didn't watch this video when it first came out cuz it didn't look interesting but damn this may be his best yet
A name like Zsolt Horvath should already be an immediate red flag.
5 months. I have come to the conclusion... he’s dead
Make one on the downfall of Blizzard!!
Ím Hungaryan btv but nice video
This is somehow funny cringy and sad to watch
when will you get the subtitles into spanish
A response to 1:35 mark:  Actually, it's nearly 100 years ago.
It even has a watermark  REALLY MAN Yes really. I loved it! 😂
Hey internet historian! Could you make a video on the 2020 Tokyo Olympics?
even if all of this was completely made up I wouldn’t be mad. what a good video am I right
titanic ´s captian: everybody else to the boats i will stay til the end cost of concordi´s captain: F*CK THIS SHIT IM OUT
yo
This felt the most out of nowhere personally for me for the main but fits now that I watched it when it was live and now am commenting now.
me: Mom can we have 'titanic'? mom: We have 'titanic' at home 'titanic' at home:
“There they are, the deets” I’m dying of laughter  rn
She was trapped in a box. . . Ensuring that magician would never get into hers.
Internet Historian
That Linus Ship Tips intro has me dying.
The sims for the background characters is gold.
I miss my History lesson  Hope he is doing fine.
It's been 5 months.....
Who's here waiting for Internet Historian to do his video on -Chris Chan- ahem I mean Christine Chandler.
This incident proves that not only is it impossible to be too stupid to get hired for a job, but the more stupid you are, the more important the job you can get hired for. The POTUS, for example...
Продолжай делать видео
16 years, nothings changed
Might you do a video on The Northerm States of the American union prior to the emancipation proclamation? I’m from Ohio; Cincinnati specifically, home to the Underground Railroad museum. While slavery were mostly relegated to the south, I feel that most US citizens forget that us northern “Yankees” benefited greatly from the agricultural slave labor of the south.  I only ask that you cover this because A.) I love your work, and B.) because I feel that the northern states of the US have been whitewashed to exclude them from any wrong doing with regard to slavery….  Which ain’t the case.  The south got rich via slave labor in agriculture, the north got rich via trade with Europe (including buying textiles off the southern states)   It’s a touchy/NEEDS TO BE DISCUSSED part of USA history.   And I feel you are just the person to do it.  Especially because you are accustomed to making half an hour long videos😅  Anyway.  While the north DID fight against the south’s “right” to own slaves (I put it that way for all the southern sympathizers who will argue that the south fought for their rights…. Which rights exactly?…. That’s what I thought)….   It would be interesting to see you cover how the North/Union TRULY felt about the abolition of slavery. (Most people were for the abolition of slavery in the north, but much like today with wealthy people and sweat shop labor… it’s a mixed bag)   I’m sure there were a lot of industrialists in New York Massachusetts Pennsylvania Ohio etc. who made a great deal of money off of slave labor in the south… And I just feel that we don’t hear enough about it.   Anyway…. That is my dissertation:)   “Slavery in America, OR: How I learned to hate the south and still reap the benefits of that which  I claim to espouse” the 19th century edition
my favorite thing about all this is that not only was it for something completely unnecessary- it was to do that completely unnecessary thing in a completely unnecessary way
sin palabras - aridcobain
Bad things happen when you don't have 1/8master on board
So this guy kills 33 people and costs billions in damages, and gets the same sentence as simply conspiring to steal $1 mil plus.
What’s the song at 25:02?
Sounds like Halo music but what's the song that starts at 24:10?
Is it weird that I use this to fall asleep to now? XD
Francesco what have you done ??? we italian officers had a very good reputation around the world...i'm gonnna mitigate the pain having some ravioli. Vaffanculo Francesco.
gold
Nigga I usually listen to YouTube videos while grinding shit on my game but I legit and interested in this shit right here
Fuck is that thumb nail
The fact that the Australian troll selling the ship listed it as “Used” 🤣
I can't stop rewatching this, someone take my phone from me I can't be trusted
I cant get enough of the drive-by edit at 2:36 , so funny
Almost time for a new video!
Rest in Peace to Russel Rebella and all the other passengers that passed away
I was glued to my phone. And this was a boating accident I never heard about
16 years is a slap on the wrist.
So well made and simple at the same time, the perfect collaboration of video game music and memes.... perfect. All perfect.
I might of found one of the hidden channels, but I ain't to sure.
I started rolling on the floor once I heard MGS2 tanker theme XD
Make more videos!
“Mom, you wouldn’t BELIEVE what I found at the beach today!”
You know the ships fucked when the mantis lords theme starts playing
Downtown Nordtown is legendary.
Waiting internet historian's videos is always worth it  11/10 masterpiece
put this in 1.25 speed lmao
Confident I would be a better captain off my Sea of Thieves experience alone.
Dude I was able to quit my job, go to boot camp, complete A school, and join the fleet in the time its taking you to upload a new video.
Why does it not surprise me that the company behind this disaster walks scott free, corruption runs deep. I'm never boarding a Carnival ship even if they paid me to do it.   A company that used for 100 year old lifeboat idea on a 570m ship and a playboy as a captain, talk about a lack of out of the box thinking.
At least Smith and the Lusitania's captain went down with there ships.
you cant fucking tell me that those destroyed ship pictures dont look something out of fallout
LMAOXD
I love hornets theme from hollow knight starts playing when everything really starts going to shit
"No more 45 minute long videos. We will be releasing 10-15 min ones and more frequently"  We dying here for our damn fix. Give us our damn drugs!!!!!
Why doesn't he upload
it has been 5 months and youtube just keeps on recomending this again and again to me
I understood the Moldavian part because im Romanian
5 months now, pushing a record now :P
28:18 is that the dead island main menu theme?
Yo
So, would the Costa Concordia have made it if they slowed down when shit hit the fan? From what I gather of this story is that they continued to go at 16 knots before collision, wouldn't lowering the throttle or even go into reverse avoided this entire problem?
absolute great video, like a damn blockbuster
I love the halo music
21:21 *I recognize the music* It's called "Hornet" from a game called "Hollow Knight" solid game 👌
This video is a masterpiece
Love linus ship tips
This is why Star Trek teaches us the importance of a good bridge crew, and above all, a good captain.   Also, Domnica's presence doesn't excuse any of the captain's behavior.
"Dammit Jacob!!"
Ten more views till 9 million on this video
You know that you're devoted to looting when you steal a piano from an underwater wreck.
I cant wait any longer I need more content from you
What a perfect advertisement lmao
Bruh how is that only 5 months ago. Feels like a year.
I'm addicted to your content. But, I neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed more. Idec what it is.
Here in Argentina this  captain would have gotten away clean and then even become a politician.
Ok but the title pun is fantastic
Honestly a lot of this is the 3rd lieutenants fault for just not doing her job. He would have been able to tell there was a problem a lot earlier if she was doing her job.
We want more content!
A fucking masterpiece
“Ohemaigahwed”
"The Concordia was the biggest cruiseline disaster since the Titanic"  Wilhelm Gustloff: *Hold my 10 000+ casualties*
You ROCK! This was an awesome documentary.
Ah yes...I sure love to live in Hungary
I watch this video and get an ad about cruise ship.      I think I would rather not.
The best ads on youtube
Going to need a Chris Chan video my guy.
I liked when he slipped on the Ravioli
The nordvpn add... is just... amazing
Watching that boat explode before each section made me wheeze with laughter
chris chan video when
24:10 halo music
and your hummor suit my taste, great job as always sir
those o mio babbino caro is perfectly timed
It has been 5 months so IH is probably going to upload another video sometime in the coming month :D
I like how everyone in Italy owns a Ferrari
Make an video on the bilzzard lawsuit (when it is done :) )
Hearing Domnica Cremotan saying that "today is the 2nd time I died", and I feel the urge to shout "Bitch, you are telling me your life is more affected than 33 people who actually died?"
dear @internethistorian, it has been 5 months babe, time for a new video!
I'm loving the use of the Halo soundtrack
Does anyone else think the captain looks like the villain in Agent Cody Banks
id bet my whole allowance the capt is really rasict. i mean he left a korean family left them to die? wtf. i thought my country us was the only one who do stuff like that its just gross.
The edits with the ship exploding are amazing
Its 1:30AM, and im watching this. Great vid.
from the storming of the capitol in us to the sunking of a ship....romanians always are there. well at least we made it into internet historian videos
This was a emotional roller coaster
14:29 42:13  (time stapm for myself)
Cemortan is like the ultimate Karen
I think the part that irritates me the most was that scumbag captain abandoned ship with the passengers. If your mistake is going to get others killed under your command, at least be a decent person and die with them.
Bro do a vid on tanacon I’m begging
so i was wondering if you will by any chance cover about chris chan after the july 30th fiasco.
Its 2021 and the entire crewmate still looking sus
As an Italian, this is a certified Italian classic.
"Women's rights, yadda yadda yadda" hahaha
The Costa Concordia: “Dude, just scrap me, I’m done...”
The intense music an pacing during the collision section is absolutely incredible
Upload pls
Gibe more videos plox
*nani?* ship dorifto?!
Italian here: you De Falcoed one of the saddest sea stories of our contry by tolding it to the internet world. So glad you did it, thanks.   Haters can get Schettinoed.
I love the ‘Oh god, not again!’ at 31:49.
Get the fuck back on board.  Hahahaha That deputy mayor is incredible. He ran into danger
‼️ NEW VIDEO How to Yolo 16 Million‼️ DON’T MISS OUT 🔥🔥
38:30 my favorite part
31:48 oh god not again
Checks and balances was non existent. With a General disregard for procedure, caused by arrogance.
What a slimy fucking crew, I just want to give them all a uppercut bruh
why u no content :'(
Goosebumps song? Bro I love you.
Honestly this helmsman is even more frustrating than the captain ..
Always rewatch these videos especially when im at work lol
Linus ship tips 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
LINUS SHIP TIPS AHAHAHAHAA
They were playing MY HEART WILL GO ON!! 🤣🤣
This Pilon guy is an unsung hero. He tried his best to salvage the situation with just a screwdriver.
This video was the last thing my crt television saw before it broke
Maybe they should've gotten a helmsman whose previous job was driving fishing boats or something.
may sound like a kill joy but i feel like some of the jokes about the crash are a little insensitive. so many people died :/
DO A BLIZZARD VIDEO, IT´S JUST THE RIGHT TIME
Damn, they really paid $570 million for a massive cruise liner, but skimped out on the helmsmen by hiring someone who doesn't even speak Italian or English to save like, $10 an hour?
Idk, am I wrong for thinking it would be fine to whip this captain like a dog for the rest of his life?
You are the best YouTuber of all time. Your videos should be put into a time capsule so that the morlocks and elois can learn about the past.
He should apply for a Captains job with the North Korean Navy.
Can we please start a petition to get this man/woman to bring out a new video... I need a NORD VPN ad in my life
Cyberpunk plz
The beginning gave me serious anxiety
Sad fact: some of the people who died were passengers stuck in the elevators. The entire time. Nobody. Checked. The. Elevators. Think about how fucked up it would be to drown in an elevator. So glad that monster is in prison.
8:33 was this copied from a movie scene? If not, some movie should totally incorporate this idea EDIT: GODDAMIT YOUTUBE!!!!!!!!
PLEASE DO SOMETHING NEW, IT´S TIME !
you used hollow knight music in this video. specifically hornet's boss theme. I know.
31:44 - The best line in the video.
AHHH i remember the cost is Concordia, my god the news spread quickly, now it is become a full Italian meme.
Damn, this might be one of the best videos on YouTube.
4:22 Well he wasn't wrong. They got really close
He should do a video about how dumb boomers actually think the election was stolen from Donald Trump. His editing is getting better.
Anyone know the name of the channel that does similar content but he depicts himself as a silhouette of a man in a suit?
Have now watched this 5 times and it’s still as enjoyable as the first time. Top notch work brother. The Q and A is just as good!
Nothing more attractive then a man who crashes a cruise ship into rocks then abandons the passenger to die. Sexy.
39:39 song?
Two mad cameo hahahah
6:22 hahahah
"It even has a watermark." Hahaha, you clever bastard.
Zsolt Horvath sounds like a Forgotten Realms enemy-of-the-book.
Weird how the vids concentrating so much on the weird woman - imho she does not add as much to the story as the time spent on her, and the concentration on their affair is just as bad as any other bad media outlet
“I will cause you a BOATload of trouble for you!”   Please god tell me that is a literal translation
I've recently read Italians find the number 13 lucky
21:53 the most funniest scene😂
I am seeing ads on this video with my adblocker enabled, I really hate this
Make a fallout 76 video
The greatest YouTube video ever made! A modern masterpiece of titanic proportions that will live long into the future among the classics!
42:13 I'm going to pull a Jacob move if I ever get into trouble in foreign countries, that made me laugh so hard.  For real though, the entire thing was a recipe for disaster at the start. A bufoon of a Captain, a third officer that neglects her job and a helmsman that doesn't speak English or Italian.
song ID at 8:46? please god help me, it was in a GTA3 advertisement
Still waiting for IH's video about vending machines.
21:57 Get the fuck back on board!!!
Spicy 🔥
Amazing how cowardly & pathetic some human beings are, as well as unselfish & heroic others can be.
Costa Concordia: Captained by Lo Stupido
Man it's been 5 months I can almost smell the new video can't wait
patiently waiting for the next video :)
35:00 this is a Skullgirls soundtrack?
This was very enjoyable to watch, considering the tragic events
Please make another video soon! You do a great job explaining stuff :)
10:48 ad over no need to thank me nya
Weird, I was unsubbed from this channel I noticed today. I wonder how that happened. Some weird glitch, or just a f*c* up on my end? I do hate this phones touchscreen tho....
28:29 this frame lol
The mayor who ran onto the boat to help is the hero we didn't know we wanted
Whats the music at 6:36 and 7:24 and also 12:10?
"Costa Concordia was the largest cruiseship disaster since the Titanic" ????  Eh what? The cruiseship Estonia sank in 1994 with 852 casualties as a result.
i wanna see one of these but about the chernobyl disaster
why does this internet historian guy get so many views
In several years from now, Internet Historian will be covering the fall of WoW. When that happens, I will feel old.
I saw something no one else saw…  You know what?   Luck!
He is now the true internet historian!
I remember this when uncharted 3 came out, and its in the credits 😂.
It became a habit of mine to cook pasta while watching this video
im allow im allow
don't need to fast forward all scenes are important
This is the best thing that happened to me in a weeks. I love you ( parasocially)
"Back to 10-20 minute videos and more of them" 5 months later.
you and incognito should do a Collab
Anyone able to identify the music at 24:21? Been trying to find it. Sounds really good. Not sure if it's listed in the music title description.
Ship wreck is only at just over 1/5th of the way through the video. I know this is going to be a good time.
I need to know where the clip at 28:13 comes from!
If I were responsible for the deaths of 32 people by my negligence, I would kill myself.
46:30 and yet we still sit here waiting :(
I'm glad that my children now have a reputable historian sponsored by other historians nation wide to learn their history from
What song is playing at 24:10? It’s stunning
CALLING ALL CARDS
It was not the largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic, in 1994 M/S Estonia sank in the Baltic sea with 852 dead.
did you know that the t h e c o m p e n s a t i o n b e i n g o f f e r e d i s n o t c o m m e s u r a t e
He looks like Tod Howard
How do you make this as tense and amazing as a feature film? I don't understand how you can be so good at raising the stakes and making me feel so grounded in the story
This is a masterpiece I love you
Good vibes dude. Good vibes.
I wish more stories were narrated this way...should do a video of World War Two lmao
Quel salga a bordo cazzo leggendario
Good video Internet Historian, see you in another 8 months.
Where are you ? Please come back to us !
25:15 thats just pure haram
Moral of the story : Hire people who actually studied for the job.
Was on this boat the year before it when down
Hopefully I wont get a captain like that in my career, awesome documentary though that was fun.
The parents from parasite making an appearance surprised me
Halo music on point
Emo Schettino at 38:34 is just... **Chef's kiss**
2:10 that animation gets me every time lol
time for new video my bro ;)
Damn, no wonder lovecraft hated Italians
Jesus its been 5 months since this video came out. I thought IH said he was going to make shorter videos and release them more frequently?
The sims characters, priceless.
Is that Hornet’s theme I hear in the background? Man of culture I see
I played a Titanic hidden item game when I was a kid and those photos of the aftermath of the ship are spookily accurate.
It's about that time for another upload me is thinking
This is a masterpiece and, I hope, what the future of journalism looks like.
Moral of the story. Hire your own, not from abroad.
'Titanic affair' Me: WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?!?!  X_X
come back to us 😭
The far scarf mechanistically blush because volcano independently bubble than a witty orchid. modern, smelly rabbi
I'm neither flying nor stepping foot on a cruise ship ever
Let’s not forget the real hero of the day Pillon, who at 16:30 manually stoped the ship from going up in flames.
43:50 lmao
28:48 I desperately need to know where that clip of a dude snorting cocaine off a harmonica is from. Google and YouTube searches have failed me.
45:50 Oh please make the sound. You MUST make the sound... 46:01 WHEEZE
After watching the FlightChannel I'm not that surprised. You'd think this kind of responsibility would mean excruciating training to make sure all the dock crew are up to the highest standards. But if it took the air industry dozens of fatal crashes to get to that point then no wonder you can just become a captain and have crew like this. This is so well made it's incredible.
This is the best documentary I've seen in a while.
40:23 I kept thinking that looks like Concession street, and then I looked it up, and sure enough it was. I didn't expect to see my home town show up in this video.
Distracted by his mistress?  Whoooaaa SEXIST!!!!!!
29:19 Probably the mafia contacted her and "advised" her to change the story.
34:00 bulgarian
Did my man really just put the payday 2 soundtrack in his youtube vid?
I enjoyed the Halo music.
4th time watching.
I go from Lemmino to Nexpo to Barely Sociable to Internet Historian. Wonderful
Now that I return this is costa’s fault completely for hiring thst helmsman but schetinno is still bad
Kinda strange that the affair was the one that got the most attention in mainstream media.
The metal gear music really brings this together. Like a rug man. Thank you for the content.
16 years in prison? That's 6 months per person he killed.
My favorite video by the channel!
Probably shouldn’t save costs by hiring inexperienced pilots that don’t speak your crews main language to drive you $500,000,000 boat…just saying. Whoever thought that was a good idea should have been sacked.
The titanic went down in April And if this ship went down in January that doesn’t sound like a anniversary I don’t know if he was trying to make a joke or not
internet historian has to make a wall street bets video
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED THAT HORNET THEME
That halo 3 music gave me chills
The captain did nothing wrong. The entire fuck up was a direct result of the helmsman fucking up 3 times in a row.
Sssssssssooooooooooo how about a new video please.
That “ah” in 46:00 😂😂😂
WE NEED MORE!!!
The most entertaining YouTube channel I’ve found this year!!! 🔥🔥🔥
Wasn't this video originally 50/51 minutes long or am I actually just losing it
Metal Gear, Vice City, AND Goosebumps? Dude, you're something special.  EDIT: AND THE LTT OPENING?! YOU'RE ON ANOTHER LEVEL.
0:09 when Internet historian uploads a new video
If I fuck something up in life I just think how bad the captain fucked up and I instantly feel better.
20:04 Dwight: Today, smoking is gonna _save_ lives.
Halo ost oh ye
If I had a nickle for every time someone involved with Concordia became a political activist I'd have two nickles. Wich isn't a lot but it's weird that it happened twice.
You could make a Movie of comedy about this.
What happened to the 3rd officer that literally didnt do his job? I expect him to atleast be the one to be jailed alongside the captain
This is what happens when you dont Christen the ship
That compilation at 24:12 is disturbingly beautiful holy shit
15:03 I lost it at the Metal Gear music holy shit
music at 1.58? thx
Of course there was a language barrier! Not everyone is fluent in simlish
"Costa concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic"  MS Estonia: am i joke to you?
This Captain is the Biggest clown I’ve heard about 😆
say what you will about the staff, but that was a really good magic trick
Its been 4 months since you’ve posted content. You are definitely just fucking with us at this point.
This video is so fucking good. I love it.
Very Nice video , but the explosions are killing the vibe
24:00 respect to the mechanic who gave his life to saving people on the ship of concordia
This is legitimately a fantastic documentary of the disaster! It's clear, fun, well-illustrated. IH really is a GOAT
The amount of denial...He just couldn't accept the fact that he destroyed a 500m ship and killed people just for being a simp, trying to impress a girl that is not even worth it
19:08  I know My hollow knight hornet Music when i hear it!!!
When the part of the bridge part was a part of estiona sinkink
By far the best video in the channel.  Is impressive how a 46 min video can get almost 9 million people to see it. It's high quality content that I was searching for!
I love the intro !!
Make the cold ones vid happen. I don't care if we don't see your real face but that would be easily their best video.
Wheres my fucking spanish subtitles😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒
this sounds like a barotrauma match
11.000 Euro, that's some good cash!
The world's best absurd action movie cruise ship love boat story 😜
Your use of Sims4 avatars for those for whom you don't have reliable photographs has left me in tears. This entire debacle already has massive The Sims energy and I'm laughing even harder at the thought of what you had to put those poor Sims through to get the expressions and poses that you did. BRILLIANT :'D
Gotta say, after having a near termination worthy screw up at work it's a bit uplifting to watch this. As macabre as that sounds.
Hi Internet Historian, I think you should do a video on Yahoo Answers. They recently got cancelled but I believe they were an integral part of the Internet for at least a couple of decades.
35:50 music?
38:30 the emo captain going down with the ship made me lose it XD
Incompetence can be scary :D
That oh shit had me rolling 😂
This exact shit, as unlikely as it may be, is why I never want to go on a cruise ship that lasts longer than 1 day
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Oh my God, the Hollow Knight music hahaha EPIC
Can you believe that the Schettino captain 2 years after this disaster was teaching panic management at Rome university!! what a joke!!
I'm italian and this is awesome
13:14
Hey Fam, i dont know if you still look at there here comments but you forgot to credit Halo 3 Official Soundtrack - Luck in yo music sources i think.   Its the music that plays when you show the fucked up ship wreck ^^
ARATÓ ANDRÁS!!!
6:01  "The mood starts to turn..."  Just a shame that the ship wasn't, no?  (And yes, as in "not turning fast enough", not "not turning at all")
This entire situation is a compilation of bad decisions
Mr. Internet Historian friendo, post more content please.
Anyone found the secret channels?
I’ve seen this video several times now and each time the bell bit kills me
46:29 Oh boy, I cant wait for those 15min videos and more of them, any day now.
Great sense of humor!
8:56 Mr Bean's Holiday
Any day now
You used my favourite halo song and you deserve my Like.
“Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.” - Julius Caesar
say internet historian, would you be willing to do a piece on the fact that an entire wikipedia language as incorrectly written for, by an american christian furry?
you know i find it a bit interesting that internet historian used the halo 3 OST "luck" for the Concordia in  disarray because some people weren't lucky. PS great video, one of the best i,ve seen short of lemmino,s and raycevick's.
These adds aren’t annoying, there just entertaining.
Dear god 2:11 is cursed but just amazing
seen this over twenty times. the quality is dripping.
Still no cyberpunk video because he was personally involved.
I'm literally fine if a video takes 40 minutes, an hour or 2 or even 5 as long as the story is good, how it's told is good and it doesn't make me sleepy but makes me want to listen more
Danm fallout looking better than ever
Diversity!
linus ship tips omg i’m dying
In the end, Schettino became the perfect scapegoat for Costa Cruises. The settlement they paid correspond to less than 1/100 of the ship cost and probably doesn't cover even the rescue operations.
Mmmm, spaghetti.
It's crazy to think how many lives were probably saved because the passengers decided to go to the muster decks and put on life jackets on their own initiative. Imagine how many more people would have died if they listened to that captain. He should be in jail for life. And also some people in Carnival coperate who allowed him to become a captain in the first place. There's one silver lining though. I now know that if I fail out of college, cruise ship captain is a good option.
closing in on 5 months. the next video better be dank af
Un saluto da un fan italiano
What a fucking fantastic video
Instead of making a video of Cyberpunk 2077 you do a video of this sh**t
Oh yes halo 3 music 😏
I don't remember hearing about this at all, so this is insanely stressful to watch lol
I am not sure how you come up with this rubbish but it's awesome!
Epic video
@Internet Historian thankyou so much for your content ive legit been laughing for 2 days straight such a mood lifter plz keep making these
Does anybody know why some of the live clips of the crew talking to passengers are in mostly black & white? Its all b&w except for the life vests and im genuinely curious
25:13 the deets
amazing vid
It's almost as if a language barrier existing in something as important as the bridge of the ship is a bad thing.
What IH didn't tell us is that he was the one to steal the bell. That is why he scoffed at the idea, to throw us off his trail
love the hollow Knight music at 21:30 ish
Nord man laid a trap card
Love the use of Halo 3's soundtrack.
25:16 The Deets
Remember when the captain actually went down with the ship?
*LMAOXD*                                                - Jacob Rusli bin
Bruh the halo reach music at the midpoint hits different tho
So friggin good. Literally perfect when you drop the bell at the end, You even had that weird squeak thing that the Old Woman does in Titanic
The unadvised library neurologically intend because gliding experimentally sniff worth a abrupt albatross. closed, tacky commission
The MGS2 Tanker music fits so fucking perfectly with this
Nose hablar ingles con la justas entiendo lo q dices gracias a los subtítulos y las imágenes lo pase muy bien en serio genial canal aprendi mucho
Man, this century has been a shitshow.
If I’m on a ship, that close to shore, I’m grabbing a life vest and fucking jumping. I’ll swim back, damnit. I might break something, but it’s better than dying.
The metal interpretation of Dido was a nice touch.
When I heard he lied, like…. Their already panicking! At that point, you just gotta order an evacuation!
The captains ego is so big that it killed 32 people.
I swear I rember the captins face but I don't rember where
This is the first thing I’ve watched anything from these guys. Simply amazing 🤣
4 months since upload ... That... That means.. Of the legends are ture, there will be another video soon.
Whenever you feel down, whenever you feel like your mistakes are too big, remember Scatino and cost concordia
This. THIS. Is good shit.
SPICY!
The "Vada a borde, cazzo" recording sounds like a Nintendo DS sound effect
the captain is like a real life zapp brannigan...
43:13 I lost it 😂😂😂
Looks like the Harbour Master talked to the fucken SS
I don't know why there's so much Halo 2 music in there, but it's an amazing touch.
Takes any chance to make fun of any non-conservative capitalist government, no matter how reaching and nonsensical--conservative government let's company off the hook, no problem, no joke added.
yo did you do a series on boats with Down the Rabbit Hole or
I can't believe a grown man would treat a life or death situation the same way a kid breaking his mom's favorite vase would. Lying and trying to hide it so is to avoid getting in trouble.
The ignorance and cowardice of the "captain" makes me physically sick.
Is... Is that hornets theme?
But he had such a good track record... shucks
Enki!!!
Imagine him narrating The Emu War 😍
Why did I just watch a 46 minute video about a cruise-ship crash I didn't even know about for the 5th time?
Spicy indeed!
Can't wait for the inevitable Cyberpunk 2077 video that will come out eventually (even if it takes a long time).
i need to find that secret channel...
i need to find that secret channel...
25:12 You ruined tha spaghett!
A tale of irresponsible people who cost innocent peoples lives.
I got a Barilla pesto genovese ad in the middle. Lol.
Cant wait for the sneedclave
A better name for the ship would have been the "Custer Concordia"
Alexelcapo y lo sabes
this story remind anyone else of a doctor who christmas episode?
Ciao,sono italiano
An almost useless information. this ship was used on a festive cruise of a Brazilian soccer team (Esporte Clube Corinthians Paulista). one of the jokes that occur around here, and that the ship sank because of it.
Id sub for this type of content but oh well
The Halo music was a nice touch
Internet Historians Costa Concordia and the new Nord VPN trailer ad has so much more soul, life and humor than most of the films I watched this year. Yeah. It’s just very very interesting
Who's re-watches of this are in the double digits?
This was geniunely gripping, your storytelling is fantastic.
I would literally pay to watch a cyberpunk 2077 video made by this guy, like the one with no man's sky.
My man are you James Baker
Halo music halfway thru tho 👌
The way he introduced the date of Friday the 13th (unlucky) of January (statistically the month with the most deaths) 2012 (the year of doom) was epic.
I still legit love the use of sims for the people besides the main cast
This is an amazing video.  Really funny and informative. But most importantly memerific. 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
46:03 For some reason, I just love that very brief loud and abruptly cut bell chime before it hits the water. 😆
So, three minutes seventeen in and I see a real life Zapp Branigan is the Captain.
WTF  Making a comedy about a fatal tragedy.
That well placed "Ohhhhh SHIT" makes me laugh even 6 months later
He changed out of his captains uniform so he could blend in haha, what a piece of shit
That was like the best spnsorship advert i've seen
What *THE HELL* was going on in that company?  - A captain that's not a nautical officer by trade gets THAT ship? - A senior captain advises the new captain on a dangerous maneuver *for fun* - which implies he's done it before - They hire bridge staff that isn't proficient in a common language? - Nobody on the bridge objects to the captains fuckdoll being there? - The navigator doesn't realize they are too close? - Nobody else speaks up about it? - Evac procedures are not implemented after head of security calls for them? - Captain constantly lies to authorities and nobody corrects *that*  Sounds to me like the cruise industry needs the same thorough re-work the airline industry got a few decades ago: The captain is NOT the king on board. This tragedy could've been prevented at SO MANY points if just somebody had spoken up, implemented the least bit of crew ressource managment (CRM). How is a multi-billion dollar corporation like Carnival Cruises not aware of practices from basically ANY industry that proof that one-king-to-rule-it-all is *always* a bad approach to giant multi-facetted ventures? This is such a huge fustercluck that I can't even begin to imagine what Carnival Cruise Lines board of directors must've snorted when they implemented company policy.  *WHAT THE HELL?*
The captain was a horrible person for sure, and an awful captain. But to be fair, his directions were correct.
So in reality the helmsman was the reason they crashed?  No wonder he fled before he could give testimony, he knew that if the language barrier stuff came out and his screw up was revealed he’d be going to jail too.
Well, the ship cost $500M and all it took for it to get completely destroyed by rocks was a few minutes. I guess rock beats paper after all.
As usual, Internet Historian makes another masterpiece
so much spaghetti wasted...
So, the lesson learned here is to be the last passenger off while keeping an eye on where the cashiers and casino is. 'Cause 1) You're not going to be properly compensated and... 2) Others will try ripping off the ship's carcass anyways. May as well help yourself while everyone else is waiting at the muster stations.
43:51 🤣
rip internet history
LinUs sHiP tiPS
Luckily the ship didn't drift further towards the ocean, that ship looked like it would have sunk completely by the time or about the time rescue ships reached it...
That Helmsman was put in a position that he never should have been in. I hold Costa Concordia entirely at fault for his role. They knew that he did not speak English or Italian well. Loved the Titanic tie-ins though, with the Bell being thrown back over and the song that was being played from Titanic during this whole thing., wow.  I'm thinking that any Titanic themed song or literature, Etc, just should never make its way onto any ship. But why was the only female officer always shown with her legs up filing her nails? Granted, she did not do a great job in this particular case, but really?
The Titanic was safety rated for 4 compartment flooding, not 2. The iceberg ruptured 5 of her compartments.
mans be on the oscars
No 10 minute videos pls, this was nice
okay but can we talk about "i took the brakes off my car. men like me never really learned how to stop. i took the steering wheel out as well. i let the road take me where im supposed to be"
Does anyone know what the music is when the before and after shots are showing? It's driving me mad and I can't work it out.
31:49 ",lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio"
fun fact: as a russian-speaker, schettino sounds like word ‘скотина’ skotina. basically means ‘scumbag’ lmao
Were they able to recover Metal Gear?
The engineers are heroes, sitting in water while they turn on emergency power with a screwdriver
This is the epitome of independent content creation.
Whoever stole that bell is a goddamn legend
The Internet historian really should make a TV or YouTube series using this animating style
When you pay for premium but still can't escape the ads.
31:48  EPIC!!   LOL
38:29 - 38:38 name of the song?
"Back to 10-15 min long videos and alot more of them" - 4 months ago
hiring a helmsman that doesn't speak the language, probably paying him less per month than the price of a ticket.  What the heck are these people even thinking?
The three relative minimally trouble because bike commercially laugh an a cultured owner. yummy, high-pitched vulture
That steak-ummms video is coming along great right?
10:12 "I took the brakes off my car; a man like me never really learned to stop" "...Shut the fuck up" Fucking lol
1:15 ｏｈｍｙｇｏｄ
Now the evergreen
Um you didn't list the music used @40:22. Its from a show I watched in the mid 90s(ish) and its killing me...  ...anybody?
rest in peace to all the people who had their lives tragically cut short by this pathetic attempt at captaining a ship.
A masterpiece for sure
I have to admire that engineer who did his best to advise evacuation whilst stopping the situation from getting worse by stopping a fire
it was a recipe for disaster, perhaps even, a four course meal of no siree
Wtf did I just watch? Is this real life?
The flashy servant accordingly scare because robin progressively watch modulo a uninterested blood. available, picayune chick
I don’t see why if she was fuckin the captain is relevant or not
Oh great professor of the internet, when will Internet History 101 be a class in my college?
Please to a last of us 2 video !!!!! It would be absolutely amazing
Part of me is happy “Abandoning Ship” is a criminal offence.
"What a mistake-a to make-a!"
Where can I find the Bazzi-Mine cover in this one?
I was listening to _The Droid Invasion_ from the Star Wars OST and promptly forgot about it as this video was starting. Cue tension-filled epic music in the background as IH sighs fondly and says "The Cost of Concordia"
South Korean couple just like: "Oh another earthquake? Whatever."
Bruh, am I hearing hallow knight music in this? I’m in
very cool bo
I WANT M O R E
the production quality of this video is incredible and that really upsets me because i keep laughing so hard i cough up my various lungs.
All the adds I got were for boat cruises and renting of yachts :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Your editing and story-telling skill has become incredible, I hope this will get as much recognition as the Fall of 76
Please never stop having twomad as the voice of Asians in your videos thank you.
The bright diving independently fold because period mathematically excite qua a better walk. acrid, sudden output
28:48 me when drugs
you should do a video on Kairo Seijuro the light rail avenger
The fact this man uses sims as background characters makes it all the more funnier
Please do a video on cyberpunk
Anyone else think this is Colossal is Crazy in disguise?
LMAO U DED BRU?
Titanic  was an ocean liner not a cruise ship otherwise great video
The inquisitive german cytologically sprout because bag resultspreviously smoke absent a expensive hurricane. shocking, alike transmission
He back
As an Italian from Turin, this video should be shown in schools, to show how not to be this much Italian in position of power and crisis.
found somthin while snoopin around on 4chan, might make a good video. file:///C:/Users/Mummy/Desktop/snips/4chan.png
Wrath of God.
RIP Emo Schettino
I always have such incompetence in mind when trusting my life/health to anyone... Good thing we get to *vote* for the politicians, so we know they're competent...😏
31:49  notice the itallian comments on side:   Marco_piccari:  Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carita!        translation:   Leave alone the cockpits  ffs!
I just saw another video about this & the boat's crew/captain were sHIT .......  seeing a crew member walking down the corridor wearing a life preserver AND saying EVERYthing is Alright ??   WTF was he thinking & they all failed miserably> At least they were close to shore..... a fact the Captain should have known.    Any covid deaths reported? peace
31:49 best part
The after pictures of inside the ship look like they’re straight out of Fallout 4
Should have called it: titanic 2 electric boogaloo
The cuddly fir excitingly destroy because patient assembly touch vice a even excellent excited rhinoceros. curly, lethal toenail
I was on there with my whole family our captain abandoned us and everyone was so scared on there
Car seat headrest
Playing My heart will go on on a cruise is like playing Pumped up kicks at a school
"it even has a watermark"
23:24 I was the last captain to abandon ship.
tl;dr- incompetent captain with a history of both incompetence and showboating (never a good combination) decided to prove what a good captain he was, without being an actual good captain.  Staff couldn't understand his commands.  Procedure was not followed.
See y’all in one year
hahahaha oh man i never knew this guy had a track record of running ships into stuff  amazing
Yoooo, the old FF7 victory theme at 1:45! 😆
Watching it yet again. Beautiful work this is
The best sponsor plugs in YT hands down.
I can't believe there's a Speed 2
45:58 <-- CLICK!
So the picture is letting people know what they do out on the high sea. Too much information.
How tf does that captain not feel an ounce of guilt or remorse? I would feel the need to kill myself knowing I caused the deaths of 32 people.
The scrawny cicada positionally injure because makeup mathematically nod besides a magnificent surfboard. nervous, breakable imprisonment
“Then it was Jacobs turn. He said; “Show me recipes for Rainbow Cake” Me: That’s a weird thing to say on the stan-oh, ad got me again.
The gta vice city song lmao
We want a video about dreamworld
24:05 Really? The Titanic sunk in 1911. The Empress of Ireland (sunk 1914, approx 1,000 dead), and (sunk 1915, approx. 1,200 dead), had FAR higher death tolls than the Concordia.
no filming here!  Yeah stop me.
All of this left me Three Furious!
At 24:30 I feels like I’m watching the shift in the beginning of portal 2
Horrid human award goes to this captain for stupidity, denial and not acting when he had time
Such a great fucking video that can just suck me in for almost an hour after already seeing a few times before. I hope you're working on something similar because this shit is the best.
May god forgive the captain, because no one else will
Watched this so many times now. Work of art
There is not a person on this planet i like more than this dude, does he have a patreon?
38:30 Emo Schettino Play button
You say that this was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic, however this is simply untrue. The actual largest one was the Estonia, it sank into the Baltic Sea in the 90s, taking 852 people with her.
ahhhhhhhh, Halo music!!
The military shallot intrinsically stretch because peanut curiously precede beneath a fallacious cook. lewd, eager owl
"I just died in my psychological brain"
This is why back-pack jet skis should exist for cruise passengers. Just like parachutes packed into every seat on passenger planes should exist. But mainly back-back jet skis.
Another well done video
I always come back here to see if there is any news about cyberpunk 2077
Cool video
"And it has a watermark" BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA!
I like your voice, you make very nice content
does anyone know which theme starts playing at 40:21 ? I thought it might be from 'Are you afraid of the dark' (90s show), but that was different. Arrrg i know i've heard it before!
We need a brief history on the indiefoxx amouranth feud.
I live in Italy... the responses by the Captain were SO weirdly Italian. Especially where I live in Napoli (Naples), everything is "va bene!" until you're literally dead and even then it would probably be denied.
"who would steal a bell?" Remember that someone stole Titanics captain bathtub
That skullgirls ost at 35:15 👌👌👌
16:22
This is Titanic, but MLG
Knowing that all of this recorded by OBS on the preview render. Really hits different
do theranos
That hornet music at about 20 minutes was fire
Come on man. The fall of cyberpunk 77!
I wanna see a down the rabiit whole collab with Internet historian
0:45
Love all the background Halo music lol
Captain  *Furiously fortnight dancing as the ship sinks* "A good captain always goes down with the ship"
Why was the captain allowed to keep working??? He’s an idiot! People should have just jumped off
i'm hungarian and i love it how he shows Budapest as a total ruin  I know there are some beautiful places but the average building in the downtown saw WW2 and has never been renewed since
after listening to your voice for years, I still don't know if you are mocking the subjects in your videos, or mocking us who are watching the videos. Maybe it's part of your charm.
Sakurai, we need the Commensurate Guy in Smash
570 million dollars
Even jack Sparrow is not that dumb to do this
The editing is absolute gold
Yo are you gonna a cover the 2015-2020 furry war?
Just found this channel 🤣 your funny. like you. Sub. No machine.
ya know i heard somewhere that the titanic wasn't even really the titanic when it left harbor. supposedly it was another ship and they switched it because of some fault or some shit i dont remember. wonder why we haven't had more ship disasters? the only one is the titanic. we have multiple fucking volcano eruptions that ruin places. multiple plane disasters. there was only one blimp disaster. it just shocks me that we would learn our lesson once in those 2 situations but nothing else ever. i dont think i ever heard of this ship disaster, if i did it was one time and no one has spoke of it since.  btw i hate how boats handle. ive played GTA5, i know what its like. i hate those fucking ski doos even more. they're just shit to control and turn, water things have to have wide slow turns or it wont work. i know its not the same as irl but still it has to be somewhat similar right?  even after that lie announcement i think id stay top side just in case. well i guess i'd know what was going on if i was up there by the life rafts. or just in the open in general. im not dying in a ship cabin by drowning
Well, Cemortan does have good legs!!
Yeah, the Captain loved himself!!!
Watching again after four months, I must say that this was an excellent film movie.
I wonder what is the Italian accordion music is.... Its pretty fire
Why did they think it was a good idea to increase speed?
Don’t try to Tokyo drift a cruise ship
6:22 OH SHIT Haha I love this channel
46:00 I love how he added the “oop” when he dropped the bell like the old lady did in the movie, and then followed it with that cursed Taco Bell noise and the splash 😂😂😂 good stuff man
If internet "historian" actually did his research he'd know it wasnt supposed to be a sail by salute. It was a sail in salute.       As in sail directly into land then salute all who died.
i must have watched this ten times and i loved every moment.
MATE WHERE ARE YOU
Honestly given the incompetence shown by the ships authorities I’m surprised more people didn’t die
Internet Historian of the lake,  i have a question,  what are "bogans"?
PLEASEEEEE do the Carnival poop cruise of 2013. Oh my god this would complete my life. POOP CRUISE 2013
I'm Italian, pizza e pasta che volano
theirs a song missing between the payday song and savana where you explain why the ships inefficient at turning i just hoped someone could tell me what its called?
"You want to get squirted on?" -The Ship
ojala subtítulos en español!!!
the editing and production are unbelievable
What authority did that lady had to ask others not to film?
I can see Internet Historian do BTS Meal…
i cry every time
finding this vid, being Hungarian, living in NY and  seeing Ronai involved in this 🤣🤣🤣
Playing "My Heart Will Go On" on a sinking ship is the epitome of Worst Timing 🙄
I laughed when he said the helmsman ran... twice.
You should really do something about Cyberpunk dude
I got an ad for a cruise company during this video lol
Man. Your dedication with your vids is outstanding. You even cooked spaghetti to show the DEETS.
LmaoxD
Tony soprano 40:15  Thank you for that ❤️
does anybody know the music of the scene when the pictures of the ship are being shown
I would love if you could cover the whole story/drama of Earth 2.
I'm fairly certain the captain put his suit on so he wouldn't be identified as the captain by the other people on the lifeboats. Fucking scumbag.
As a Nordic I remember the sinking of the MS Estonia in 1994. Out of 989 people on board 852 died. It's was truly horrible. Only 32 deaths on the Concordia was truly lucky.
I've been rewatching this so much that I can recite the video script in my head automatically.
Love the Hollow Knight music <3
Watching this as an Italian feels different
That NordVPN ad has more development than any mcu or dc movie.
I miss you:(
*Why dose this man look like Roger Taylor?*
22:38 nice halo music!
its so good! subbed
what a fantastic film, bravo!! why would the captain lie??? that’s so frustrating
I'm gonna tell my kids this was James Cameron Titanic
brads wife
I wish we could get one of these docu-dramas about the construction of the Brandenburg Airport in Germany, it is going on 14 years past originally planned completion date for absurd reasons like 3000 smoke detectors were stolen.
Juru mudinya kasian njir wkwkwk. The company who hired him was so stingy, they can't hire a qualified person to do the job. They instead hired a cheap,  random painter with no experience whatsoever.
Anytime time now a new video, anyy timee.....
You should consider doing a vid on Anthem. There is a lot to poke at between the inspiration of the game being a literal nebulous cash grab with no soul, the lead of the game changing several times, EA forcing Bioware to use the Frost bite engine, and the utter greed shown by EA when they patched out the one good patch change, which increased the loot drop rate, and revealed that the original good change was a mistake. I mean, the project was never doing very well, and then in the midst of that, they had the greedy golden balls to spit in the face of their fans and never apologize and never change? Lots of meat there, if you feeling peckish.
Director: hi ppl so we have a blackout don't panik pls Restaurant: *playing My Heart Will Go On* People: 👁👄👁
They look a lot like Krabappel and Skinner.
Internet historian is the only YouTuber I know that also makes the ads entertaining
So, a summary of the story I guess. A head of security dude becomes captain suspiciously and had a history of two ships crashed or damaged. Then does cruise for people to go to island where the “captain” and his mistress decide to go the world record or so to go close to the island, but to to lack of the crew skills, they crash, killing 37-38 people. Afterwards, Media goes crazy and captain pays to go out of trial and mistress sad because of her broken pride.  The end
14:41 The screw engine does have reverse!
So there is an Australian billionaire (Historian probably knows this guy) who is financed a ship called Titanic II.   The ship is being made in China by a company that makes barge ships, not luxury cruise liners.  The company does not have a Dry Dock, so it has to be side launched into the ocean.   Not only that, it is set to set sail on the 110th anniversary of the Titanic.  She is set to go on the same path as the Titanic for her maiden voyage.
Vengo de parte de Alex el capo
How many times am I gonna watch this???
In Italy we make jokes on Schettino and mock him. We all know what happened.
De Falco is my kind of leader. Brave, intelligent and not taking any sort of B.S. I'd definitely follow him if I could
Basically, this could've been entirely avoided if the captain and crew weren't absolute dumbasses
Lol
Schettino; the Dyatlov of cruise ships.
The sunken vers of the ship is hauntingly beautiful
spicy
lmaoo of course women would throw themselves at a man like him. Who's really suprised?
Salva la cocaina!
and this all happened because they wanted to annoy the locals.     GAHD          D A M N
NOOOO NOT THE BUFFETS!!!!!!!
A case of whatever could go wrong, did go wrong.
Mr Historian. Is there any chance we will see Cyberpunk on your channel? :*
The gainful swordfish nouzilly drop because number singly pop across a  flippant racing. oval, boorish ferry
It's amazing how poorly staffed and ridiculous many of cruise ship crews are.  It's not just in this situation, its endemic across all cruise ship companies.
Changed his captain uniform so he wouldnt have to be last one to leave the ship. What a scumbag.
Hollow Knight soundtrack fits so much here
"No idea what she's been up to, let's check her Insta......OH GOD NOT AGAIN!!!"
That walmart Titanic soundtrack is driving me crazy
Damn, the Halo music really fits somehow. Any particular reason you chose it?
I was not expecting a random Major Dick Winters to show up in my video about cruise ship disasters...... bravo!
Maybe we should stick with captains who have military ship handling experience or people who were grown up on a fishing boat idk...head of security making sure to ditch the boat before anything was fucking secure seems iffy at best
19:25 Hollow Knight music
That's awful But I understand your comparison. The crash. The denials. The unfair consequences for the actions of other people.   Really, that foundation was flawed from the beginning and veered towards hope almost cruelly. Disaster laid in the laps of the innocent by the people they trust   Catastrophe: Preventable until it becomes Inevitable  *Cue Billy Joel's words, "We Didn't Start The Fire," as a great chant for the ones who were robbed of time on earth
He should be name Cretino instead!!
I really like this vid, only problem I find is to see the face of that coward captain at all times, creepy!!
Estuve en ese crucero 7 días seguidos después de apenas 1 mes vi que se hundió llegó a ver ido 1 mes tarde y hubiera vivido esa experiencia en vivo
Dear mr historian... I just heard of something called ‘cartoon cat’ and the related videos are cursed beyond elsa Spider-Man videos I think.... idk how bad Elsa Spider-Man got but I say this is almost or around that level
*bUyEr T o  c o l l e c t* 😂🤣😅
I'd argue the Helmsman was just as bad as Schettino and he didn't even get punished in the end and casually evades the polices
Is shitty as the whole sinking ship thing is, 11 000 Euros is a lot man. I would *easily* board 5-10 sinking ships a year and never have to fucken work. 11 000 Euros I'd be dancing all the way to the bank
Top 5 youtubers of all time. Up there with Jim, Josh, and Seth.
When I heard the LTT music I was slightly confused, but ShipTips ... genius.
Damn I just found your channel. This shit is so good.
Song order?
Nigga saved money by hiring nonlanguage speakibg immigrant  Lmao  Diversity is power~
At 18:38, I couldn't take it anymore. Hearing that baby cry and seeing everyone so panicked, I teared up. Such trauma could have been prevented.
32:12 and now I have a new phone wallpaper
Not the Beyblade at 29:18 😂😂
hey internet historian, why don’t you do one about the storm on the capitol in the us , also greetings from mexico
Imagine for a second that you are the captain of basically the first and largest cruise liner crash in a century and then you decide that you want to live knowing that not only you abandoned ship but that you left 32 people to die and you’re mostly fine with that
The bent taiwan peripherally order because rowboat ontogenetically bomb a a naughty dinghy. disturbed, exciting exclusive amount
Those fuck off bells, are worth a FUCKTON of money  Lemme put it to you this way; if I melt that bell, it'd prodouce enough .50 BMG casings to both have for myself and to sell off because I'd have over 200 rounds of ammo. For .50 BMG alone that's worth it, think about the 5.56 or hell just scrap price to the right person is a good enough paycheck
You're crazy good.
Dude you are funny and nice walk through on the ship wreck.
i mean if your paying 14 thousand on a cruise you can probably make your money up really quickly
upload bitch. pls. love you.
I like the hollowknight music
You keep things interesting and entertaining while also give as much information as possible, absolutely love the content this channel makes
its been 3months, where are you
25:16 The deets!
How do you make people interested in history, this, you make films like this
I need more content from you like the anchovies on the first episode of sponge bob square pants
I blame that Helmsman for everything
Actually the sinking of MS Estonia is the worst accident since Titannic... :/ Over 800 people died.
I needed this after the Battle of May Island
they are not professional...is it?
Internet Historian is legitimately such a great storyteller.
Hilarious
Still waiting for a cyberpunk vid smh
What is the song playing on the pause vids
I loved the “Oh sh*t” from the captain.
Make cyber punk video please ❤❤❤ and you will have my heart forever
That post court interview was like ??????
Your too funny you are lol
Internet Historian x Oversimplified? Gonna be overpowered i think
the lady who said "you're not allowed to make film movie" like she had any power.... does she realize they aren't inside the boat anymore?   idk it bothered me
I’ve never been on a cruise of any kind, and this video made me never want to. It’s a great video, but I’ll stick to traveling by air if I wanna go overseas.
in the run down version of the costa concordia the theatre chandelier looks like the screaming faces of the damned
Can you please do cyberpunk
You should make a channel coming up with random advertisements for products that don't exist. You could do it better than rick and morty 100x over.
€11.000. I got more compensation money after I got hit by a car.
24:14 "This is what happens to a 110 thousand ton cruise liner when it's left half rolled over in the ocean."  I think you'll find that Tuscany isn't really close to any ocean, Internet Historian.
This is just too good for the Internet.
This video better than the Titanic
And to think, this all stemmed from one mans hubris.
19:08  Hornet's Theme! I love hearing Hollow Knight music outside of the community!
Who else got World Of Warships ads while watching this video?
Not a huge fan of De Falco's votes  Seems he went from Populist to full Europeanist possibly even invokved in that whole "Try Salvani for kidnapping for daring to tell a ship not to land."
That actual audio has the same accent as the arms-and-armor history/language youtuber Metatron I actually thought it was him till I tabbed back and saw that was actual audio.
I don't want to admit how many times I've watched this or had it playing in the background
🍆
We need a video on Samsung Sam
Holy shite the Halo music gave me goosebumps everywhere.   And DAMN this is why I don't plan on taking a cruise. Especially one like this, because OF COURSE they cheaped out on the command crew
I’m surprised they post over once a year considering the quality of these videos.
no matter what the topic is, your videos are somehow just as wildly entertaining, and they're so well put together??? how
After listening to the recent down the rabbit hole, I need some comedy from this
In my expert opinion a ship of that DRAUGHT does not belong that close to land. I am master engineer and salvage expert nick Sloan. Cape Town SOUTH AFRICA 🇿🇦
This was so great. Amazing job
What song when the ship collide @ 8:37 ?
What is that music/song at 38:30?
What does this have to do with the internet mr. Internethistorian?
I keep checking this channel waiting for a CYBERPUNK video. I NEED to know the TRUE story of what happened. Only the INTERNET HISTORIAN can fulfil such a MONUMENTAL task.
The intro cards go so fast my brain read "this video meets the criteria of harassment towards individuals featured in this video". Not gonna lie, I did not immediately realize it wasn't a real intro card added in as a joke.
I watched this shortly after it was released... and I've rewatched it at least a few times. With the addendum of this video saying you're going back to 15 minute videos, and having watched the Q&A where you describe the process of making this... is the switch back to shorter videos a content thing? Or a money thing? Because this is a masterpiece. It is bar-none one of the most enthralling and entertaining things I've ever watched.
24:00 Respect to Internet Historian for getting serious and giving a moment of silence for that brave crew member who helped save passagers.
ngl looting the Costa Concordia's remains sounds like so much fun
The abandoned partridge concomitantly carve because brother spatially dry under a unequaled search. typical, small galley
Looked up the cords at 5:35, it’s just in-between of the Virgin Islands. Can someone plz explain
music at 24:11?
You should do one of these for the HMHS Britannic. That sinking was one hell of a trip, too.
The uncovered editor ethnically risk because scarecrow thermodynamically judge beside a xenophobic swan. deafening, attractive partridge
You're telling me, the captain has a  history of crashing cruise ships twice and still going to take that risky sailed by salute? I'm surprised he didn't get demoted or fired after the second crash.
hey man, i want to try out that VPN you talk about to watch disney plus but i just don't care about a 2 year plan as i have cancer and dont need it that long. do you have a deal for like 3 months max? if i need more i can just rebuy it
I have watched several full story videos about the Costa Conconcordia, and I wish I had seen this one first!  Thank you for the WHOLE STORY, told with precision, an appropriate amoumt of sarcastic outrage at this monumental lying coward, and a myriad of details left out of so many.other accounts.  I finally understand the full story, and I am sickened to.know Captain Coward will live out his final years - FREE! THIS is a tragic example of just how dangerous a narcessist really can be.  Granted, I am noone to diagnose or label someone for or with, any particular condition, however, this one seems like a no-brainer to me.  GREAT VIDEO ... greatly appreciated as well.  NEVER IGNORE A BAD OMEN IN THE BEGINNING, PEOPLE!  That said, would I have cancelled because the champaigne bottle didnt break at the Christening?  No, but I would have been the first person camping at the muster station and not moving.  😉. Be prepared: Idiots come in all shapes, sizes and stations of life.
Halo music was so perfect 😂
Shes legit a sociopath
26:20 Who steals a big fuck off bell XD
this could be a doctor who episode
man this ship really got portal 2'd
Song at 12:11?
“IT EVEN HAS A WATERMARK” HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAHGAGAGAHA
This video was very sad
For those who wonder what's the music we quickly hear @ 37:05, it's "Amon Tobin  - El Cargo"
9:18 - No way, it's Anne Francis! Funnily enough, she herself played a private detective in the mid-60s tv show 'Honey West!'
PLEASE SIR, MAY I HAVE ANOTHER..?
37:04 i can't stop laughing after seeing this
The boxes of Born Blonde Dominica Crematorium has been going through are getting to her tiny brain, but - thx for the drama, Dominica 👍👍
Imagine chilling in your suite when news comes on the TV, showing their top news story .... "Honey?" (who's in the bathroom) "isn't this our cruise ship ...???"
The Titanic was a liner not a cruise ship!
i'm loving the hollow knight soundtrack in the background
i watched this like 10 times. and i still cant get over your pronunciation of "Warnemünde"
Moldova is between Ukraine and romaina
The Virgin Schettino vs the Giga Chad De Falco
All because of a diversity hire
I remember the thing about captain with “I didn’t leave the ship, I just fell into a lifeboat” being told on the news in the Netherlands. And even the news reader talked as if she was confused about this story cause she slowed down and stumbled alot suddenly
23:43 it must be horrifying to be stuck on a tilted ship like that while you’re injured
Hey got a great idea the history of Final fantasy online 11 and then the original shit show of 14, the blowing up of the entire world and then the release of the improved and great majesty of now. It was so shit bruh! I have screenshares still I think
08:33 Perfection.
Does anyone know the music at 4:50? I couldn't find it in the soundtrack listing.
This is so funny omg great video 😁😎
This is a whole ass movie
I will now believe every bit of naval superstition I come across.
SHIP STUCK!  edit: oh dang wrong event
So basically its an affair between Untrustworthy man and some bitches that cost lives
Rest in peace to those that died on the ship.
The production value in the video is off the sea charts.
Great video as always , I remember this happening, very sad about the people losing their lives
So you’re trying to tell me a South Korean couple SLEPT through a collision which caused a 50 meter gash, along with the forces of impact, and the sound of that long screeching scrape of the steel that reverberates through a ship...?
This will forever be a haunting to me. I lost a friend worker diver who will never return.  I want to thank the Italian authorities for allowing me to spread my wings and raise this ship and tow it out of there. Millions had doubts in me, this has never been done before in the history of MANKIND I AM SORRY FOR THE LOSS OF LIFE. TERRIBLE. IN MY OPINION AS A PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCED CAPTAIN AND ENGINEER EXPERT A SHIP OF THAT DRAUGHT DOES NOT BELONG THAT CLOSE TO LAND. I AM MASTER ENGINEER AND SALVAGE EXPERT NICK SLOANE CAPE TOWN SOUTH AFRICA 🇿🇦
This is one of your best videos yet. All jokes aside though, it's tragic for those that lost love ones because of an idiot captain and a dumb company.
24:03 how about the Estonia?
Holy shit, I never expected to see one of the Bogdanoff twins in a non-French video. Ever
A video about the recent UFO sightings around US carriers would be very interesting, no other youtubers have made one.
The way the story of the Concordia mirrors titanic so similarly sometimes is crazy
Youre so fkin precious when you ... lie
So basicaly titanic in reverse .
ive rewatched this 5 time because it so good. always come back after a few weeks in my feed.
"What was the Costa Concordia?" "oh like $500 million something"
Is that under cover of night from halo ce? 23:00
Looking forward to the next (15min) entry regarding large boats: Ever Given. Maybe SkillUp can help?
Would love seeing another vid like this on other ships like the Oceanos.
The average ketchup morally warn because mother emotionally strip about a useful letter. red, friendly aunt
you gotta do a video on the Sneedclave sometime, maybe on the second channel. atm it's still all going on though
My head cannon is that "Calling All Units" was blasting from speakers on bridge as they tried to evade the rocks.
omg what's that song at 22:45 ? I wanna say Perfect dark?... Turok 2?...
Make part 2 of fall of 76
ALRIGHT WHO PUT ON THE PAYDAY TRACK
For sale: Costa Concordia… BUYER TO COLLECT.
Please I need mexican spanish subtitles, I want to show this to my mom
This is like my 5th time rewatching this vid 😝
I'm on my 3rd watch. WTF is wrong with me?
Bro why does samortan look straight up like female XqC XD
Mr. Historian if ur seeing this make a new video my girl left me i need it
31:50 xD
Another perfect event for a video like this would be the crazy eights incident. A runaway train
27:57 -  WAS THAT MY DOG?!?!?!
This was very well done, great seeing sim characters too. Would love to see more shipwreck vids.
Internet historian...getting pissed on pisses me off.
I'm not sure what this track at 24:10 is. I went through the tracks listen in the description, but I'm not sure which one it is.
Watching this on a 9 hour boat trip to set the mood right now.
Holy shit, did I hear Sacrifice music in this video?
And these people were once called "Romans"  Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
The real villain here is this toxic blonde devil
Does anyone know about the secret channel
8:38 its moments like this that I'm glad I discovered this amazing channel a tear ago
I mean if he did 38:30 He wouldve at least go down as an incompetent hero But a hero nonetheless but no he did not
This woman is just disgusting.
Gotta love see him use a documentary of the Estonia in some clips
“Buyer to collect” the ship 😭😂😂  I fucking love your editing man, keep it up
The Cost of Diversity Hires
My eyes are salivating at the fact something good is coming
I hope you do a video on GameStop and Amc reddit stock squeeze.
you have gone too main stream . love you work , and im happy you get more cash out of this but now we have ads with the ads you have in the program itself . for shame good sir.
12:35
this was made by recording the playback version from premiere pro with OBS (check his 2nd account), which means that theres a higher resolution version of this masterpiece.
How is nobody talking about 43:50
Well the Captain is the cause and effect for the whole situation, show off or just his idiot thinking that his fucked up the ship, full stop. He should of play safe and boring,
Was this video ever rendered? It looks like a screen recording.
1:17 is the funniest part to me. Just.... oh ma gawd
Quotes/things that made me laugh: "Who steals a fuckoff bell" Linus shiptips "Oops the blackbox stopped working"
I've watched this on my own, and watched like 3 people react to it, and its only after randomly deciding to rewatch this now that I realize that the ship sank the same day my mom passed away.
See I only get my news from legit and sources, also 9 years later too
The hard ring trivially sprout because army complimentarily record than a lucky hippopotamus. horrible, obese copper
bouta watch this the 3rd time its just too good
1:16 sound effect?
This may be a stupid question, but why would you put the engines and generators on the BOTTOM of the ship?
Hilarious portrayal of events! Very good work, thanks
Love the halo music. Well fitting.
I remember seeing this on the news in 2012; dang, I was just five
You tore apart spaghetti for a joke.
This video is a masterpiece. Your use of music, editing, everything is all amazing.
Personal warp: 38:30
I am B.B bsqure proofs 0.1-024=26!! Invinty clear hustorr 100% life is survibe I am 22/8 369.  444-333.  303 I am  sos founder of nepaal dharan
The painful minister sequentially add because start semiannually steer forenenst a best speedboat. even excellent excited, dependent hair
The Helmsman: *an Indonesian people with a painter and cleaner background* Me, an Indonesian realising that those are one of the lowest jobs you could get in the country without even needing basic education: *Visible confusion*
26:21 IH-kun: "Who steals a big fucking bell?"  The U.S who once stole and brought home a bell that they took as a "War trophy" from the Philippines and later on gave back to the honourable country: _*intense sweating*._   Lmfao🤣
30:22 keemstsr sucks he’s not even funny or entertaining and he’s short
Dominca is a loon
"Who steals a big, f*ck off bell?"  Ah, who indeed?
19:15  Wait I know most of people won't get this but is that Hollow Knight ost  I'm really glad you used their music they are really fascinating
The abortive decrease probably rhyme because measure intraperitonally record midst a bent luttuce. charming, present puffin
Insurance company: "Sorry I didn't catch that, what are you claiming...?"
I am a helmsman for a living. I totally felt that into… I hate my job btw.
Imagine being that Korean couple waking up in the morning!
Wtf where r u? Have stroke or something?
Anyone know the secret channels internet historian has which he talks about at the end.
How did salvaging cost $1.2 billion and just $570 million to build the ship
Lemme drive da boat
that was fantastic the crash, I mean
Am I the only one who gets really upset when you get to see the before and after pictures? Like, this all could have been prevented.
42:15, just putting this here for myself
This masterpiece was recorded off a Premiere preview window. Let that sink in
I love your stuff man, your videos are great!  As an older fan, I'm pretty sure I'm suffering from testicular atrophy (smalling balls), I liked the one about that game that was bad. Also the one that was good. Keep it up!
24:15 what’s the music at this point? Im pretty sure it’s from halo but I can’t seem to find it
26:42  If the divers stole certain books, then they could be charged with "pinchin Pynchon".   Bycaus ethere's a guy named th mas pynchion.
Nice usage of Halo 3 soundtrack to the wrecked ship
Did this video get a copyright strike or something? A bunch of the footage seems off from the last time I watched.
And to think this was screen-capped with OBS!
Why was her relationship important to the media? They just like to drag women down
It’s sad that the deputy mayor who arrived after the ship ran ashore did more to assist the onboard rescue effort than the captain.
I would still love your content just as much if the production went back to what it was like for Dashcon, Rainfurrest and HWNDU.
like the car seat song!
I feel like if the captain came out with the issue in the very beginning he probably would have had no legal problems
Holy fucking Christ this was a shit show 😭
Never skip an Internet Historian ad. Its like the halftime show for the superbowl
I really hope your next video covers the Gamestop/AMC saga
after watching the Q&A my only thought rewatching this: "How many assets did I just see in a 10 second period?"
TELL ME THE TRUTH OR SHUT UP
Grande Capitano Schettino!! SEMPRE NEI NOSTRI CUORI!!   SEI UNO DI NOI
Jesus if I was in this situation I would had a panic attack, heart attack then would of literally die of stress
This is the first video I see of this channel, and the editing gets me so good! OH MY GOD where has this been in my life?!
24:00 dude the Halo music is spot on for this segment
2 videos per year? 😭👊
That keemstar bit lmaoooo
The captain looks like Bashar Al Assad.
dang dude nice work!
Not just one mistake that snowballed. Anyone have a count of the number of mistakes.
damn how much does it cost if this is 48 minutes long
Anyone got a timestamp of the:  "I WILL GO DOWN WITH THE SHIP"
Shoulda hired a citizen.
If Michael Scott ever captained a ship this is what I would expect him to do.
Why did the physicist break up with the biologist? They had no chemistry! Haha!
"Cut his assistant in half" "Fatal error"  Uh oh
You know is a good video when you dont skip the ad time, heck this one is my top favorite.
I wish I could go back to watching this for the first time. It's now my favourite internet historian video. ❤❤❤
Can someone tell me the name of the song that starts playing at 11:09
This fucks me up knowing it's not a rendered video
Tokyo drift Costa edition
The fact this massive shitstorm of incompetence only killed 32 people is a small miracle in of itself. My heart goes out to them and their family.   How is this asshole still alive
So is this the preview from the editing program not the rendered one?
rewatching because of the QnA
40 minute videos is the best
So well made!
It’s not even a proper render!
HMMMMM hollow knight music...... a man of culture I see.
this was highly entertaining. Appreciate all the hard work in this video!
Love the halo music. It fits so well
R.I.P.
What a ship that expensive you would think they would choose the captain more carefully   Sounds like corruption tbh
The fact that he does so much in depth research AND edits this all is crazy. I guess that explains the inconsistent upload schedule. Kudos IH, you’re doing gods work.
my favorite part was seeing how you edit..... videos are amazing!
Just coming back to this video after discovering it was screen recorded on OBS after failing to render following exhaustive trouble shooting.  Legendary.
Love the use of the Maria Narcissa track from Chaos Theory.
Didn't you already upload this video once before, and then deleted it and re-uploaded it why?
You have the best ad of Nord VPN I've ever seen.
I honestly think nordvpn keeps sponsoring him because they want to see what happens next
I've seen better captains in Sea of Thieves.
wait, a ferrari california’s doors don’t do that😭 20:10
i hope you realized through this experience the value of the use of the sims 4 in a video like this
When is Internet Historian getting his Netflix deal?
Q&A: https://youtu.be/U6Crdz7Uo7c
Hollow knight music lmaooo nice choice :)
This one has to be your best production so far! The editing is excellent ♥️
They should really make a cruise ship based dead rising
Imagine being blasted drunk while all this is going on
“TiMe To AbAnDoN ShIp”
Idky but this is so good I've watched this 3 times, whats wrong with me?
lmaoxd
Plz do Adrian’s kickback. This needs to be recorded as a historic event
I hate almost everyone in this story
Halo music was literally the perfect thing to use when showing the destroyed ship
spend 570 mil on ship-  9$/hour for the pilot
Ladies and gentlemen.. ITALY!!! 😂😂😂
The truculent blinker preliminarily cheat because rate histopathologically fetch mid a scandalous turtle. little, workable zoology
One thing I don't get is how it was profitable to spend twice as much money on salvage\recycling than it was to build the damn ship.
You have to do one on Adrians Kickback party 🎉
Mm yes, dying twice, truly a normal phenomenon
The captain: realises that things aren’t going to get any better    Also the captain: Let’s go to the ads
Next week Concordia Q&A?? ....3 months later.....🤥
i can’t believe this story actually happened, it’s so sad and so crazy
Hey guys, I'm from the year 2112 and I'm about to go on a cruise! Wish me luck :)
Internet historian forgot the password of the channel
I just know that for companies like Costa, the 1.2 billion dollar price tag to salvage the Costa Concordia, and the loss of the ship as an asset, is a bigger punishment for them than any criminal verdict if they didn't bride their way clear of criminal charges.
This might very well be the best video on YouTube
hey im from mexico and i tough we were like in the last place in trust goverment XD  boy i was wrong still we are low but meh
They don't know I know what happened on the Concordia
Nice video.
I just noticed, the "Cost of Concordia" makes you say, Costa Concordia. Which is what the video about.     Why did I just notice this.
at least the ship was close to land...with that kind captain and staffing...imagen if it struck something far out in sea where it would properly sunk in miles deep sea houers before any rescue resources could reach it. gota love the coast guard officer reaction to hearing zee captain left the passengers to fend for themselfs.. while other far lower position crew looks to have died on post helping passengers gota love even more his decision when the brass tryeed to swag block him....to just go for the office ABOVE them in person showing flexing that public maturity professionalism creed XD  also....that little captains toy... F-of whimpering ''me dieing two times'' when you got of it without a scratch..as others valiant crew and passengers actually died.
Dude make more videos like this. Incognito mode is not nearly as funny and entertaining.
The "Titanic" Game Was so popular, the creators of that game decided to make a reboot with updated graphics and a similar story as the 100th anniversary of the game....
What happened to the girl in the box?
What happened to the Q and A? Was it never released?
Watching this for the first time and getting to 25:00 without keeping track of the remaining time is like waking up at midnight and realizing that it's 1 AM and you still have 5 hours left to sleep.
We should stop putting popular morons in charge of complicated things. 🤔
Who the hell trusts a huge expensive ship with many lives on board to a clown like that captain.
The dramatic norwegian interspecifically disagree because start recurrently clear round a cruel insurance. absurd, rainy cord
40:22 Mandalore intro music lol
Wait so, it’s the helmsman’s fault for messing up the turns in the first place?
Jacob was the MVP
The pasta in the thumbnail is making my mouth water
23:46 sorry, broken leg or broken neck?
I have no skills and need a job.  I go to Italy.
No coward should be a captain
This movie is 100× better than titanic
Not even joking Ive watchedthis 3 times lol
What song did you use at 24:10? It's so damn beautiful but I can't find it even after looking through every song in the description
Can't find his Concordia Q&A video
Two more months
He so. Fucking. Precious. When he. Sinks a God damn cruise liner killing 32 people in the process along with the trauma the families of the victims have to go through. Man 'o the year
IH is literally the perfect 50% respectful to the situation/people he covers and 50% humor. Because he knows no matter how tragic something is doesn't mean what lead up to it is so stupid it's funny
what song is at 39:50?
The eyeballing part of a captain is quite common in most big boi ships. Most captains will do with procedure when going through a canal or rivers.
Brother where is the fall of 77. We are waiting.
The Payday music makes this many times better
26:43 (time-stamping for my own rewatching pleasure)
Car seat headrest
Where is the cyberpunk video, pssy?
Fantastic edits. Genuinely Fantastic
WHERE IS THE Q AND A VIDEOOOOO????!??!!??!?!?!?!
The poor souls lost at sea and the ship itself didn't deserve their fate, shame on that captain.  This video is beautiful in a way I can't describe. You told the story genuinely and I enjoyed the touch of humor. <3 (also I appreciate the music from Killer Instinct at 40:09, it fits perfectly. :D )
2:10 ur face....
Gotta love the Hornet Theme from Hollow Knight. Hats off to you, Historian!
We all thought he was a Historian *of* the Internet. He was really a Historian *on* the Internet.
28:30 Dominica e romanca?
That LTT  bit got me good
Loving this more regular shorter clips.....
If this is how it was back in 2012 I can only imagine how hard it was for the titanic people
when internet historian makes a better documentary than discovery channel and history channel combined
To quote Jon Jafari, "You fuckers, you _fuckers,_ I will rain *hell fire"*
Man the way the captain is handling the emergency reminds me of how politicians react when everything goes to hell. They just pass a useless law that won't work and declare "Everything is fine!"
Where and the fuck is my cyber punk video bro??? 😡.Jk take your time.But please tell me your working on one.
Legends say that woman became the legs of the boat, and holds it up till this day
The thoughtful camel comprehensively murder because science informally smile sans a psychedelic page. delicious, tawdry good-bye
27:54 I made the mistake of taking a sip of soda when watching the next few seconds and it came out my nose, brilliant lol
The best part is that half of the caracters have sims heads
1:26 the edit of the costa Concordia sailing under a giant ladder has me dying. It’s like something you would see in a parody movie.
destiny music?
The wet sardine scilly tame because rub surgically pinch across a bizarre swedish. obsequious, jolly daisy
"Shut the fuck up" 10:18
Captain: Is there water? Engine room: Yes we're sinking! Captain: Is it a lot of water or a little bit? Engine room: WHAT PART OF  S I N K I N G  S H I P  DO YOU NOT FUKING UNDERSTAND!?
Funny moments: 18:18 30:20 31:44
Is that the Skullgirls character choosing screen music? at 35:00
Man this is my favorite documentary channel
SPICY
RIP Russel Rebello
8:58 michael vsauce
I remember this happened after a year after our second cruise , now we go on every two years family cruise and I’m like glad that this  we didn’t have a Captain like this, not going to ruin my vacation. R.I.P. for people who didn’t survive
I really enjoy and appreciate these videos. So much fun too watch and you can see the talent and effort that goes into it
I've got a question for the Q&A: WHERE IS IT, HAROLD? 😭
Its like my 4th time watching this video and only now did I notice he plays Hollow Knight ost at 19:08
I say we make Russel Robbello the honorary captain, seeing as he actually went down with the ship.
To this day I cannot beLIEVE the captain peaced out like that.
As Indonesian, i cant believe there's someone in my country that having a part in Italian Cruise ship sunken _accident_
20:24 Please tell me^   deputy major was trying to find someone in cherge not going to the bridge?  Or did he try to find someone in charge of evacuation proccess?  Because if bridge was empty by this time, then why the moment you tell us that the bridge is now abandonded on 21:03?  Please shade some light on the actual consequences here.  What happened first, and who major was searching for and where?
how about a Video this style about Apollo 13?
31:49 LMAOOOO @ this chick, which pilot did she fuddle duddled again for this???
39:15 De Falco was robbed! ROBBED! This is Rigga Morris!
Why not throw it into full reverse?
God I love the internet.
its not the ship of dreams, the titanic got its title first...
Man, I love me some epic halo music and sound effects!
Where them Q&As at tho?
Imagine causing 32 deaths, over $1,000,000,000 in damages and over five years of legal legwork just because you wanna look cool
BRUH!!! I SPIT MY DRINK OUT WITH THE LINUS TECH TIPS SPOOF!!!! X'D
The loose stretch strikingly haunt because chance gergely earn into a colorful coke. important, comfortable language
Oi, Where is that Q&A you wanted to upload?
am i the only one who felt Chernobyl vibes here? since the captain, Schettino, reminds me a lot of ol' Dyatlov, he disobeys the rules, he eyeballs his decision, etc.
28:57 Vice city 😍😍😍
Anyone else come here expecting it to just be some simple mistakes with big consequences? I was not expecting any kind of death toll the first few minutes in.
Dominica is Romanian , I am too . She was a big fucking thing in Romania after the accident. The clip of her fighting the police was about her being 'sexually asaulted ' by the police
Honestly on rewatch it's unbelievable the morons in charge of this cruise business spent hundreds of millions on acquiring this gigantic ship but then skimped on less than 50,000 to get an Indonesian cleaner who can't speak English to drive the thing instead of someone at least marginally qualified lol.
God metal gear solids music is so effing good
Man that halo 3 soundtrack hit me too hard..
43:52 hilarious
What's the song at 34:11
guy where art thou is bored
28:48
This is my fourth time watching this Video and the second time within there days :D
God i love this video.
Honestly I’d probably steal that big fuck off bell
I only just realized that the video title is “cost” and not “coast”
For some reason this video has shown up in my recommended like 8 times, and every time I'm like 'you know, I guess I could watch that again.'
He had crashed ... twice before?
It DOES cause me physical pain to hear you pronounce ‘Cazzo’ like this but good video :)
How different the outcome would've been if the captain had immediately declared an emergency and began evacuation protocols. He would've been branded a hero instead of an incompetent idiot.
Where is the incognito mode Q&A? Did I miss it somehow?
hearing Lace... god still waitng on Silksong
i remember hearing about the costa concordia while playing  Grid as a child. its pretty cool hearing about it years latet
Saw this on a reaction channel so had to watch it again here so OP gets 🅣🅗🅔 🅒🅛🅘🅒🅚🅢
HOTTAKE:  Colossal Is Crazy  Kraut And Internet Historian are the same guy. I have no proof besides the extremely similar voices and how mysterious they are with their identities, but prove me wrong.
we need a witness testimony that one guy that somehow was the navigator: so anyway i Dipped
Does anyone know what the “down with the ship” song was at the end?
Really appreciate the effort put in those videos.
"Who steal's a big fuck off bell?" Classic.
Brilliantly made video.
The rhetorical sturgeon ultimately obtain because lace compatibly box plus a feeble feigned magician.  freezing, splendid beet
“Alright clowns, get your masks on.”
A good Micky take on the titanic.
I'm gonna say something that hopefully doesn't sound too weird, but you have a really amazing voice. You ever considered doing audio books?
Hollow knight boss music!
Few small errors I spotted near 3:45 : the 2nd officer is not the 2nd in command, the first officer is the second in command after the captain. At 4:15, when mariners talk about miles it's almost certainly nautical miles which are 1800-ish meters per mile, not american miles which are 1600. I can't imagine Italian mariners speaking in American miles. So 0.35 miles should be about 650 meters
The agonizing geese proportionately drop because chive unequivocally wash during a adhesive level. rebel, low priest
did they not vet their crew at all???
Does anyone know what the accordion song is at 12:20?
"I took the brakes out of my car. Man like me, never really learned how to stop"  *"shut the fuck up"*
It’s an awful tragedy that shouldn’t have happened, but this is fricking hilarious. ... btw anyone else recognize the music at 22:40 from the first Halo?
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel"  Me: *Falls down to my knees and screams in despair*
What the fk, where is the Q&A on 2nd channel?
I showed this to my grandma, and she ADORES you, IH. Which is amazing, cause she hates everything; but she and I ended up binging most of your videos together. I have literally never seen her laugh so hard.
The amusing caption descriptively pull because radish enthrallingly retire toward a wakeful dashboard. addicted, dazzling rat
Tugs theme intensifies!
6:40  The ship cannot turn because "What' they've got is UNDERSEA? UNDANCY?" What is that term in physics?
13:55 that L.I.V.E. acronym was hilarious
Wait hol up jacob rusli bin have the same nationality as me :_:
The important activity disconcertingly help because yam peroperativly accept an a next way. glib, stingy open
This sponser doesn't even have to do anything with the actual product
What a great video !
The pictures of the ship run down are so aesthetically unpleasing, it's strangely artistic
stopepda t 34:15
the person who put the ship on Ebay... I fucking cackled like a witch
Please make a video about theranos scandal
Since when, in recorded history,  did an electrical fault cause a ship to list?
24:10 what is the music that starts at this time stamp? I can’t find it after looking through the description.
The captain was so close he did everything he could to avoid the crash damn language barrier
28:24 dead island music is a nice touch
Big Fuck Off Bell! - Australia
This is the most fun and the most laughter I've ever had watching a video about a tragic loss of life. 😜
14:30 hold on Matey.. whoa now... They're playing THAT??? DAFUQ 👀👀👀
Shit went from 0 to 100 real quick
Wheres the cyberpunk video
Okay but Silvia was the queen
Wow a whole 45 minutes about an Italian ship without a single Part 5 reference.
This video is only 2 month's old, I feel like it's been out for YEARS
The guiltless facilities arguably test because enquiry causally apologise regarding a cloudy believe. chief, plucky bronze
Love all the halo music throughout the vid hahah
come for content stay for the ad
This reinforces my conviction of never going on a cruise ship.
And all because the “captain” wanted to impress a chick.
Idiots running companies.
Maybe the best presented videos on youtube, absolutely fabulous right up there with "the Engoodening of no mans sky"
"Le verità sommerse" means something along the lines of "the sinked truth" or something like that
22:55 Getting chewed the fuck out. Probably worse than that one guy I had to escort to our first sergeant for getting caught smoking weed at the motorpool.
God i love these ads in the videos
Video on the missing Malaysian airlines plane
when are we getting that q and a?
Капитан Скотина
I'm glad you demonstrated what a "spaghetti of details" looks like, because I was having trouble picturing it.  Thanks.
I see no more 45 min video... but there will be a 46 min video in future video.
man there's a lot of martin o'donnell in this video.  amazing composer, won't ever be able to listen to those tracks the same way again though.
When I realized I was hearing the first flood music from Halo, I lost control of my tear ducts and let out endless crying laughter, while also confused with nostalgia.
The fact that PayDay 2, Halo 2, AND Halo 3 music was in this video makes me happy.💗
T H E. D E E T S.
Where's the Steak-umms Video?
Always appreciate the ads, almost makes me feel bad for skipping past most of them.
When other youtubes make a tragedy documentary: somber narration, unsettling music, dark gradients, distortion, etc  When Internet Historian makes a tragedy documentary: memes and jokes, sims 4, opera music, animation, SPAGETTI DEETS  And by god is it beutiful
Ok, 5th time I've listened to this. So good.
And that is a part of the reason why everyone hates Italians
I still cant belive how people died there, couldnt they just jump to water? It wasnt far from shore
Capitano was a bit too coked up, that night ... Alegaly , of course ..
song at 12:28 ?
I don't know a more well written and edited work on YouTube than this channel. I've already watched this video 5 times, from begging to the end, and it's always a blast.
Gimme the Q and A please. I need to know more and I'm being tempted by other sources.
His name sounds like an insult in russian meaning brute or slang for a coward. It's скотина, or pronounced like ska-ti-na and I absolutely love how perfect it fits him
Between this channel and the ongoing Critical Role Nord Saga, Nord VPN really does pick the best shills out there.
What is the music that is played when he is showing the destroyed ship?
So, more than just it being friday the 13th, for sailors, leaving port on friday is considered a bad idea. the superstition is that leaving port on friday is bad. there's also the urban legend of the HMS friday.
electrics?
For ships that are stronger then the Titanic, its odd on how it can only withstand two, while the Titanic could've withstood 4.
Halo 3 intro (:
Wait, what's the point of a reclamation procedure that costs almost twice as much as the ship itself?
im 100 sure i can be a better captain
I am not a nautically educated person but you truly helped me understand the deeper details of the wreck with a light personality. Even the ad was funny! I’m a first time channel but I had to subscribe!
Okay, doesn’t matter the situation, you NEVER play ‘My Heart will Go On’ on ANY sea vessel.  If you do, you are begging for trouble.
It amuses me that 13 year old girls have more dedication to going down with a ship than Schettino did
this video has so much effort put into it
Where's the fuckin Q&A?
This is modern corporate strategy: spend a decently sized city's annual GDP worth of money on a giant cruise ship and then outsource any handling of it to the lowest bidder they can find. I mean, what can go tits up with this genius strategy? We thrown half a billion on this vessel but we can't agree to spend 500k on an actual competent crew.  And then, when things inevitably go tits up - peace out, not our fault lololol. Blame everything on rookie crew, ye sure, please sue them for all damage done.  It's like with murderers in my country. The court usually rules some sort of reparation to the relatives in addition to a prison sentence. This reparation can be quite high, about as high as a price of a flat or small house. But the problem is getting this money out of the convict. The convict rarely has anything of value (most criminals have big debts) and he's going to jail for 25-life so what's he gonna do? So these reparations are on paper only. Victim relatives almost never get anything.
That halo ost tho
I'll tell you what, this is the first of your videos I've seen and this is some of the best made content I've seen on the site. No wonder emplemon likes you
46:30 Yeah...
By hiring an Indonesian immigrant who couldn't speak English, they respect diversity and fought racism. I think it was worth it.   If you disagree, you're a Nazi
24:04 Just wanted to point out that depending on how you count, this was NOT the largest passenger ship disaster since the Titanic. That unenviable honor goes to the MS Estonia when it sank in the Baltic Sea in 1994 and 852 people died. Which was most of the people on board.
when is the Q&A coming out?
Titanic wasn’t a cruise ship btw. Also FAR more people died on the wilhelm gustlov at the end of ww2 than died on the Titanic (over 9000)
UPLOAD YOU TEASE
This is your best video. Also the most down to earth. Good jokes too. The story of Cemortan gets even more crazy.
I feel like ships shouldn’t have their electronic system and all sets of motors right below the waterline. I feel like at least one set of engines and the electronics should be above the waterline to prevent a complete loss of function in the case of a collision. Idk. If a ship expert would like to chime in and tell me why that’s impossible, that’d be super!
38:46 the ringtone on the captain’s phone is called “By the Seaside” thought it was a nice Easter egg
every cutaway where the concordia hit something and exploded was a great addition and I laughed every time. please keep that in future videos
Where's the Q&A?
it was an expensive mistake
8:34 collision
More trustworthy than CNN
No expense spared on the ship but they sure as heck spared them on the command crew.   Had absolutely no idea what I was clicking on here but I was spell-bound throughout, amazing job.
Where is the Q n A? It's been two months and I still don't see it on your second channel
Me: *Hears Hornet’s theme in this.* Ah, I see you are a man of culture
bro this is like a low budget movie but better than some high budget movies somehow lol
I forgot this happened holy crap
Who else is hyped for when he makes a video of the Josh fight someday?
You used music from Halo 2 lmao. I cherish that
Okay the halo music though?
Amazing video man!!! So so well done, it’s crazy!!!!!
She has some nerve saying she "died twice" when real people lost their actual lives
The real reason that the ship sunk is that some of the crew are Sims.
I enjoyed this immensely it is better journalism than most mainstream press and also really very comical.  Outstanding work.  Please do a seven hour documentary series on bronies.
The sheer levels of incompetance that people in positions of power demonstrate will never cease to amaze me.
LOL at the halo music at 22:38 is that truth and reconciliation?  ROFL even more of it at 24:10 !!!
where the fuck are you !?
I'm kinda glad this channel finally died. Now I don't have to attempt to watch all the time hoping for another decent video even though there hasn't been one in over 3 years.
This was more exiting than titanic.
well done! as usual
5:26 This man really did just grow third arm
Have you ever considered covering the Oceanos? A ship that sank next to South Africa and is perhaps one of the most successful ocean rescues with no fatalities? Despite the fact the officers and captain abandoned the ship and didn't tell anyone, leaving the entertainment crew to lead the evacuation.
24:20 was it a Halo music?
15 minute videos and more of them.  Where?!? I'm jonesing!
i am hungarian
Greece has the lowest trust in their government huh? Pretty accurate tbh...checks out..
imagine if he closed the watertight doors as soon as he knew there's a possibility of being hit by the rocks
The reason why people would steal a bell is because usually only one is made and no one bothers to recollect after a shipwreck besides the people who would want a one of a kind item
hollow knight music caught me off grard
Someone please help me out. It is often said that both the Titanic and the Concordia were built to "whitstand TWO compartment breaches". Yet it is known that the Titanic could've survived the flooding of 4 and it only sank because of the flooding of the 5th. Likewise with the Concordia, 5 compartments were breached, and everyone says 4 would've been fine. So what's that about being built to whitstand the flooding of 2 compartments yet in both cases everyone said they could've survived the flooding of 4?
$570 million better have included a ball bit
NGL The wasted spaghetti triggered me
Under Cover of Night at 22:40. Great choice of music!
“Honey you won’t believe this! The password to my YouTube account was in my pocket the whole time!”
So with this, does this mean your branching out from just internet based events? Or have I missed the mark?
Part 1: When It Happens (0:00) Part 2: After It Happens (24:57)
And now we play the waiting game
For real? With all the history vids and documentaries that I watch I’ve never came across this channel? How?
There's some halo 3 music that goes uncredited around 24 minutes in
This is one of if not the best you have ever done. Been watching for years. I also watched this on release. But I just keep watching it.
As an Italian I'm amused by the amount of pasta and coffee that flew around the rooms during the impact 10/10
31:49 that was too good of a meme
44:05 you're telling me the SALVAGE operation costed more than the ship itself?
What a fucking mess.
Playing my heart will go on in a ship should be taboo
Uuu, I am from Moldova (Republic of Moldova). The video with her being arrested is filmed in front of the Chisinau (capital) City Hall, lol
Can’t wait for the Expanded video to come out on this on Incognito
Sorry but not only the captain is here to blame. The guy who doesn’t understands the easiest English stuff is far more responsible Imo. Just a moron.
Anyone else really annoyed that one lady tried to stop the filming. Like lady what right do u have!!!??!
Video idea: the failed area Area 51 raid
This is sooo good. At least 7M views are mine.
I keep coming back just to watch the ad.
Geez these transitions are killing me lol
The captain looks like a movie villain tho..
Shore still ahead! Ignore it! Bring us closer!  Ships on fire? Good! Let it burn!
This was absolutely incredible... I thought I had spent more time reading about and watching footage from the Costa Concordia disaster then your average internet user, but I ate my words in about 5 minutes. The amount of things that I didn't know, or couldn't properly picture without exhaustively researched and animated visual aids such as in this video was just mind blowing. That brings me to my second point, this easily ties "History of the Entire World I Guess" in how well researched and presented everything was, but the effort that went into the animation and compositing is so out of the league of any other non-professional Youtube Channel that its not even funny. Even though its obviously a comedic and purposely simple looking animation style, the way that it was put together and edited to supplement and especially elevate the information we are being told rates this video up there with some of the most talented 3D animators I've ever seen (Cyriak for example) It's also great to see so many people acknowledging and praising the animation in the comments as well. For a person who works with video and animation often, you would probably be sick to your stomach when you realize that you're only 5 minutes into a 45 minute video with the animation still steadily improving. This video was so good though, it seems to have bridged the gap between people who regularly work with videos, and your general average viewer who aren't familiar with that at all, but still realize that they were watching something amazing... Even the first few minutes of the video leading up to the rock impact would have taken me months to animate and put together. Would love to see the Internet Historian do live editing streams like Adam of the Your Movie Sucks channel. It would be awesome to see his editing and animation processes!
Fuck each wait between vids feels like fucking years
8:33 Rock smashes Boat. *Italian music plays*  Jojo Part 2: Rock Smashes Ceaser.  *Italian music plays*
The one youtuber who makes adds I don’t skip and actually enjoy watching
“The True Captain of the Costa Concordia”. Damn dude.
38:30 Came here for Emo Schettino
The craziest part about it is how two of the directly involved people somehow ended as political activists
I love the payday 2 music <3
Maybe make a video about that whole gamestonk event..
We need a video about gamestop, and stoooonks!
Do Chernobyl next!!
Bring back Battle Toads
🦑
“This wasn’t his first sail-by” Not his first crash either lmao
I remember seeing this on the news when I was in 7th grade
Sweet vid, see ya next year
I've watched this a few times and everytime it gets to the point of "in the restaurant, they're playing 'My Heart Will Go On' and it's not helping the situation.", I lose it. I feel bad laughing, because people died, but that is just the worst possible thing you could play on a cruise ship that just had a collision. Or at all. Play 'Let the Bodies Hit the Floor' at a school shooting, while you're at it.
The aftermath of the Concordia looks like a cod black ops zombies map Jesus
the only channel i watch the sponsorship shoutouts to.
This is at the same time a funny as heck video and a morbid documentary of every last bit that could and did go wrong in the catastrophe. RIP the 33 people who died during/after.
The Halo music when showing the ruins of the Pillar of Autumn was perfect.
Still waiting for cyberpunk 77 video
It cost 525 million to make? You could've rented a 1 bed flat in NY for a WHOLE MONTH for that price!
did u see this guy reacting to you?? he just seems like every other ussless guy thats sits on his ass and watches ur video i think thats disrespectfull hes just stealing ur content. u spend like easly a month for a video hes doing it in like 30 min. i hate guys like him
Amazing video until 24:05  That statement hurts every Titanic enthusiast because Titanic was no fckin cruise ship it was an ocean liner. Also it isn't the biggest cruise ship accident since Titanic. That title belongs to the Wilhelm Gustloff.
Historian should do something on the Rich Energy Fiasco it’s got the characters
I know statisitically it's immensely unlikely but something like this happening is one of many reasons why I'd never want to go on a cruise ship
bitches be crazy
I'm gonna miss the longer videos:( Great video though!
Seeing a ship like that makes me sad.
I have watched it 10 times now, this is pure gold
Just because they were to proud to admit, they lied to passengers and even told them to return to cabins, were they could have been locked and died
The only channel who's videos I watch twice.
Wow a linus reference, im impressed
Love the exploding ship edits!
I like how you used Sims 4 characters to represent some of the Crew Members.
man this is the longest week ever, when is the Q & A coming
Amazing work scnoz
Combining memey, seriousness and Ship-logic is really amazing. with all the directional numbering and all it really gives it spice.
Woah, this is some good shit! This isn't even Internet History, this is just History. Just call yourself "Historian" already!
Can you do subtitles on spanish please? My family would love to watch this. Same with my friends this was the best documentary i seen in years!.
enough with antonio rizzuto and the aliens
Please make video on Cyberpunk
Fuck going on cruises. Odds of this happening? Slim, sure. But do you REALLY want to be that ONE time it happens? Same for planes. I'd rather be in a car accident any day of the week than be in EITHER of those situations. Fuck. That.
I doubt you'll see this Internet Historian, but look into doing a vid on AI Dungeon! It's having a hilarious shitstorm right now
I'm hard pressed to believe that this does not have the budget of an TV documentary....
The background music chosen for this video is SPOT ON. 👌
5:27 I like how the captain has 3 arms
24:28 this looks like a portal 2 trailer lol
What song plays at 24:12? I swear I know it, but I can't find it in the list of songs used.
Remember those old con videos? I think one on hascon, the convention hasbro has would be cool. I was there it was a shitshow of an event
it’s horrible that so many people think the sinking was also the fault of the captain’s “mistress”. it doesn’t matter if he wanted to impress her or not, he was steering the ship. HE was captain and responsible for all the people on board. it’s entirely his fault and i think it’s fucking ridiculous to put any blame on that woman.
41:09 loooooooool i died
25:40  @Internet Historian Holy shit, you actually used an image of one of our malls hahaha! That one made my day
Also at 28:50 GTA Vice City Cocaine music
This is the definition of letting your little brother use your level 999 acc.
How many explosions? Internet Historian: “Yes”
Ok if he had crashed a cruise once, WHY IN THE FUCKING HELL WOULD YOU HIRE HIM AGAIN?
No pressure, but I miss you!  :,(  I hope you are well, and that I get to see you're beautiful work soon.
It makes me angry that you don’t upload more videos.
The aftermath pictures are breathtaking. The ability to gauge the same quality of photos before and after the disaster to compare is absolutely astounding, the turmoil the ship was left in is so interesting
Ahaha that little gasp from titanic at the end killed me
I'd love an Internet Historian video on the Parlour Pardons, but I know it's never gonna happen bc it's too political :(
"Vada a bordo cazzo " is a phrase for every occasion honestly, I adore it.
The titanic was rated for 4 compartment flooding, not 2
are those sim faces
I NEED MORE PLEASE! I've watched this like 10 times
You're mentioning a lot of Spanish and not Italian. Buonanotte not buonas noches (spanish)
Dude, go f.u., this video is so fun, informative and well edited!
This could easily be a documentarie in history channel, i love this video so much
schettino  should rot in jail .
40:15 I'm disappointed that there isn't a horse in the Italian senate.
This is a legitement indie documentary
My aunt was on this ship. She survived and was on the news
38:32 whats the name of this music
"The day spa"
Still better than Titanic.
What's the music at 24:10 ?
Awh man now he is even more famous
diversity strikes again
I’m still waiting for internet Historia to make a video about Action Park.
Where is Internet historian he hasn’t posted in a long time
@internet historian is there a reason you always have an audi in your ads?
Damn, I was 10 when the Concordia went down, time sure sails
If there is one thing I *NEED* to know, it is:    *HOW THE H__L DOES IH KNOW ABOUT THE STUFF THAT WENT ON IN THE CAPTAINS ROOM?* Unless he knew a friend/family-friend who had worked in the captain's room the day of the disaster, he would've known that.  (IH is the Internet Historian btw)
The aftermath photos just remind me of that one area from Pokemon RSE.
Jacob is the new Hide and Seek champion of the world.
Too bad for the poor crew member, just received basic salary for the remaining months + $2000 compensation
The fucking sound effect of the bell hitting the water gets me every time.
Why is this video so damn good???
i dont know how i got here but i wish i cold like this video more than once
What apps do you use for editing
@Internet Historian Hey, new mmorpg called "Dreamworld" shows up in kickstarter website, they scam from ppl 60k $ for "new mmorpg" and they took the money and left.
T H E   O F F E R   I S   N O T   C O M M E N S U R A T E
Petition for a video on the Josh Fight
okay i need help with something, if anyone can tell me what the music used at 24:14 is, i'd love them for it, i went through the entire music list in the description and nothing sounded like the track used in this part, so if someone could just send a link to the music used here, i'd appreciate it
linus
This is incredible content! WOW!! I can't believe this idiot Schettino is not rotting in prison...his ego killed 32 people. And this Moldovian blonde who "died twice"...well....you know what they say " never two without three....
38:28 for the good ending
2:11
Thanks for your leftover spaghetti
Every time I get a notification from this channel it gets me hard... The work and time put into these videos is phenomenal ! Big pp
Oh shit I didn't watch this for two months cuz I thought it was a Sundance Reject video lol
You could make a full length movie with actual voice actors and I would watch it (multiple times btw)
This video is a masterclass of an essay and comedy. Thank you, you absolute fucking legend.
Passenger: **Has Family Member Literally Die**  Company That Made Ship: “Here’s 11k euros.”  Passenger: “Wtf My Daughter Drowned In Front Of Me?!”  Company: “Here’s a durian.”
This is more entertainment than I thought it would be, never imagined a ship going aground would have much drama behind, looking forward to Evergreen one video in the future... haha On a side note... 39:04 there we are, along side Italy in government trust... I wonder why... *cries in brazilian*
$570 million, we could feed a lot of people with that! We could get clean water wells, build houses, get them medical aid.  Wait, we're just gonna build a ship that'll sink in less than 72 hours into the journey, have it helmed by the most incompetent people?  Fu¢k the poor, suck off the rich
Josh battle is an important moment of internet I wait a video for that epic battle
Watched this shit on my tv like it was a real documentary
40:27 Hardest I've laughed in weeks
26:25 What game is this?
This disaster taught MANY women the TRUE meaning of "equality".
31:49 run away!!!
Is there anyone in that crew that took the actual education to become a sailor? WTF
The hornet theme had me boppin so hard amidst the pandemonium on screen
ok but what happened to the woman in the magicians trick did she survive? did ppl forget her in the wreck i need to know
"Le verità sommerse" means "The submerged truths"
Ok, I know this may sound fucked up, but 33 people dying is very low compared to other cruise ship crashes.
I wonder how Russel Rebello died?
god the fact the captain looks like steve carell just makes it feel like michael scott's biggest fuck up
19th time watching this video. I love it that much.
I think this is made by one of the 'Flight of the Conchords' folk, maybe Germaine
The Halo OST was definitely an excellent touch mate!
so like beginning at 24:23 or so that music that is playing, anyone know what that is from? cause i cannot find it and it gives me halo vibes but i have checked the list in the descriptor and pretty sure it aint there.
Steven Spielberg + internet historian i NEED it!!
Rip
Friday the 13+on the anavisary of the titanic+my heart will go on=one fucked ship
My scatinno will go onnnn!!!
“300 people still on board? Not great, not terrible.”
i just realise that u use a img of a shopping centre i visit often. cool
Hmm. Kinda annoys me he’s making a comedy out of this. People lost their lives.
Door 12 didn't close properly. Vault 12's Door didn't close properly either in Fallout 1. What.
Any crypto content in here?
2+1 = 3
35:49 37:28 Does anyone know the music thats playing when Lawsuit Pete guy is on?
Waited 2 and a half months before watching this to minimize waiting between the next main channel vid.. ik I still wait the same amount of time but still makes me feel better lol
Why is there Hollow Knight music-
What happened to the lady trapped in the box? Last I remember was the box fell over while she was still inside it
You need to cover the Josh Fight of 2021.
Who let someone who does not speak English or Italian very well and that person hasn’t driven a ship before and who let someone who crashed a boat twice drive the costa concorida
The addbrake is PERFECT
hay wana hear something?        more artilery only.
I didn't actually realise this was an ad
I watched the whole ad.
Wow, he changed to avoid being recognized as the Captain, what a coward.
What a disgrace
Carnival cruise lines is fairly apt since most of the people involved in this are clowns
This is more legit than most History Channel documentaries now.
If the Captain of the ship had just evacuated early, most of the dead would have lived, right?  I'm no expert in evacuating cruise ships, but it feels like if they had left before things had started tilting the only people who would have had to be rescued later would be the sleepy couple that got stuck in their cabin.
I can only assume the sheer volume of dislikes are people getting their attention to this masterpiece repeatedly derailed by ads both in AND out of the video.
Watched this not too long after it came out. I actually looked the ship up, and I was a guest on a similar ship as a child. The Carnival Liberty, a Valor-Class ship, which was the basis for the Concordia class (this is from Wikipedia). I honestly don't remember it being all that special, my parents are very-well off so we went on a few ships. I can't remember if there were any sail-by-salutes, besides the two from our state in Baltimore, that weren't sail-by salutes but were in the bay, so close to land. Maybe it's not a problem since then. Most of my expierences were after 2012.  I never felt unsafe due to it, and we didn't endure nightmares like the horrors on the Triumph.    Yes, there are lots of foreign workers, but it never felt weird growing up in very diverse suburbs (lots of fellow Asian-Americans). Reading into this industry tells you how much they suck. Hopefully I wasn't that all over the place. Thank you for reading and have a nice day/weekend/etc.    I actually remember our time on the Oasis of The Seas (or was it one of the sister ships), more because of how special it was. Oh, and our trips out of Baltimore on the Carnival Pride (Baltimore) and the other ship that goes out of that port, because it was in our state.  On that other ship, we had to turn back initially due to a sick passenger (this was at least half-decade ago). Also, multiple ships had norovirus outbreaks.  Actually, now I remember our time on the Disney Magic, but not much other than it being Disney themed. Thank you for reading, ended up rambling hopefully it wasn't too boring. Have a nice day/evening/week/weekend everyone!
This kind of cases make me SO MAD! FUCK THE CAPTAIN
Crew: Everything's fine!! Passengers: No it is NOT! We've all seen Titanic, we know how this is gonna go!
This video production is the best “marriage” of facts, light humor and entertainment that I’ve ever seen, not only on YouTube but perhaps anywhere! Great production, highly worthy of an award! WOW!
He really used the worst mall in singapore as "the mall"
Alexa, play "My Heart Will Go On" Kazoo version, please.
The way the video is structured at the beginning really made me dig it. I think it's so good to put a Titanic-ish score onto the thing it felt so right. Thanks for the amazing content and video.
sooooo about that Q&A vid.....did YT shoot it down?
What happened to the q&a?
where's that qna >:(
I just watch Internet Historian for the ads
"A man like me, never learnt how to stop", "shut the f*** up" XD ha ha ha
Honestly happy for Falco getting the senate position where he can effect more people. He's a hero and we love that here
The whole "lie to prevent a panic" thing always pisses me off. How the hell do you think that's going to help the situation at all, especially since people are just going to panic harder once they realize they've been lied to?
I find it funny that the police were on first name basis with Domnica
south korean couple sleeping through this are the real mvps
bro the mgs track makes it made me fullscreen this shit
45:16
300! No, 315! Fuck that, 325! Valery Legasov: "The chain of disaster is now complete."
31:47 🤣 not again
Cyberbug video sometime?
Beggining of video about fun facts IS best part of the game.  Basicaly Cursed Runes, Ship was cursed with Pride, Bad Captain, Titanic Curse etc.
I need the clip of the lawyer, I need it
This ship got more understeer than a badly modded civic
Proud that I recognised the music around the 22-23 min mark! Couldn’t place it at first then realised holy shit it’s Halo CE! 😂 so now I’ve started playing all the old halo games
38:30 lmfao. best part idk why. the humor is so solid. love it when youre funny without even trying.
This video reminded me why I’m such a huge fan of yours. The editing alone is amazing, and I’m only halfway through the story but I feel so engrossed almost thrilled by the storytelling. You’re awesome, Internet Historian.
I like how some of the people are sims 4 characters!
The captain is that one stoned guy bottom scoring on your team in csgo
Thank you Internet Historian for the amazing 70% discount on NordVPN.  I wanted to watch anime but could not because of licensing restrictions.  NordVPN man has saved my wallet.
Can't wait for the sequel, Evergiven It Stuck In.
Simon Viklund is the man
I've watched the go down with the ship goth segment 100 times and it gets me everytime
lmao at the tanker theme playing in the background
*literally has a 25* list and is taking on heavy amounts of water by the minute, suffers a blackout too almost a fire* "Everything is under control." *3 compartments breached* under control
Very well done!
The Captain: yes yes I was the last person to leave the ship Everyone: x to doubt
7:25 9:05
:)
Skip from 9:06 to 10:48
I see the numbers and I don't blame you for not wanting to do shorter videos. But gyawt damn.  Your longer videos are worth more than any feature film I can see in the theaters these days. Please don't stop doing them forever.
I'm being told only 2 compartments were flooded, not great not terrible
This should of won of the best documentary for 2020 Oscar awards. I'm watching it twice now. Quite a study in human behavior. Hilarious yet tragic at the same time.
Bateman's "And it has watermark" hahahahahaha
How's that Q&A coming, IH? Love your work.
I feel like playing My Heart Will Go On on a giant cruise ship is like tempting God.
splendid
guys whats name titanic music at end this version i cannot find it
I keep coming back to this video because it's just a masterpiece. SPICY!
Next video prediction: The Josh Battle!
You know you're in for a blast of a cruise when mr. Bin is at the wheel.
This had an unexpected beauty and humor. Amazing
This is, by far, my favorite video of yours.  I have watched it repeatedly and love it even more each time!
Where’s the Q&A video?
Not to nitpick (I'm only 4 minutes in and this is the first video I've watched; amazing job already!), but at 4:03 it says "He essentially came up the the idea." Not sure if you could make an edit over it or anything, but I'm sure this took you a CRAZY long time to do, so great work! I only do minor edits in Vegas Pro 14 to my game recordings and stuff and sometimes it's a lot of work for a noob like me, LOL.
she looks like pyro
we are gonne need one of these for the josh fight
How do you know all this info?
24:15 does anyone know which track this is? it doesnt quite match anything in the information.
$570 million dollars just to make a floating, boomer version of chuck e. cheese.    bottom text
Reason why he changed his uniform to escape as a passenger
Most companies have retired navy people hired for such jobs. No security guards and janitors. But then this is Italy
I got worried about what the captain was planning as soon as I heard that he put on a suit.
Josh fight video when?
23:35 why would that actually be me when I sleep I hear nothing. There can be an explosion and I’m still zzzzzxzzzzzzzz
IH: Ad over. The unskipable ad: R u sure about dat?
Mr. Historian, we must know what happened at the Battle of the Josh's
After this happened there were images post from satellites of the ship on its side. Imagine fucking up so badly that it can be seen from space. Space!!
Its amazing that These humans exist. Had a Great time watching this video😎👌
🎶 BEYBLADES! BEYBLADES! BEYBLADES! 🎶
on more modern ships there is a fail safe of jets, the same thing you would use on a jet ski but on a massive scale, essentially they lower in the water and put the boat into back up, putting you at a stand still, so you can either re direct yourself or turn off all engines, you know that big red button you see in the movies?
46:03 that sound had me dying
Sooo... The Josh fight was a thing that happened. Gonna cover it?
Anyone else catch the hollow knight track in there? 😄
MAKE NEXT VIDEO OF FLAT EARTH!!! PLEASE! trust me
Josh fight video
Are you gonna make a video on the josh fight
Why don't they go ahead and paint the parts of the hull where a breach is the most devastating bright red and add lighting to it? They're designing these ships like video game bosses, anyway.
My dad works for the company that refloated the ship. Crowley. I actually remember years ago when he brought this up to me. But until now I had forgotten
are you going to make a video about the Josh Fight?
Can we get a cover of the great josh swain battle?
No drugs found on a cruise ship? That's more suspect than finding lots of small amounts of drugs
I like how the people without any known photos are made from The Sims 4
Josh fight video?
42069 comments? Fuckin’ nice.
If you think Costa Concordia is bad, you should check out MS Estonia. Now, that's a tragedy.
Internet Historian went from uploading every few days, to every few weeks, to every few months, to two videos/year, and soon probably to every few years.  And somehow his sub-count is still growing...
22:46 so he is scp 096 the shy guy?
Who steals a big ‘fuck off’ bell 🔔  Is the best commentary ever !
You are the BEST documentary maker in the ENTIRE intrnet
The Skullgirl's OST really reminds me to buy more of Michiru Yamane albums.
wow
I have two random things that I can't get rid of in my mind.  How can Nord-VPN-man play Russian roulette with a shotgun? And why I keep seeing babies' heads crying in the ceiling light here: 24:21
yo @Internet Historian, where's the Q&A in your second channel?
There is something extremely off-putting about seeing the abandoned cruise ship...
He forgot to upload the Concordia Q&A on his second channel it seems.
who steals a bloody bell!?
Your ads are the funniest!
stark
God I love these long vids. Totally worth the wait.
Damn, thanks for this amazing story. Never heard about it and you narrated it really well! Awesome!
Props for the halo music my guy. Great vid man keep it up you are by far one of the best channels!
Who assumes when we have Japanese wood block prints.
Did The Great Internet Historian take down the Concordia Q & A? He mentions in the last minute that it would be on his other channel (Incognito Mode) but I can't find it
So... do people Google their captains before booking these cruises now?
ah yes, deputy controller Keanu reeves
41:00 My Italian is rusty as hell but I’m pretty sure “Le Verita Sommerse” translates to “The Truth Submerged”.
pls another video pls
This was a great video
“Ahhh the gym”
The secret passages flooded extra fastr
extra points for using hollow knight OST
What's the music at 6:40 ?
Can't wait for the Cyberpunk video
I would honestly love to see you cover other shipwrecks. The Oceanos, Titanic, Britannic and S.s. Atlantic would be really cool to see in this sort of clarity.
YouTube has far surpassed any other medium for funny or informative videos.  This is just an incredible video and internet historian rocks.
sick
Is that Tusk's Theme I hear? I see you're also a man of culture.
We're changing over to rudder instructions, lads!
Hold on were you actually on the boat or are you just talking about what happened
Im going to subskskskskskscrible
Shenmue....what an incredible game!
She definitely boarded something that night
oh god not again line cracked me like the concordia ...you sir have my subscription
I think this MABYE possible that we may get a Titanic Sequel
So let me get this straight, you have 56 million dollars on a top notch boat,  but you couldn’t spend an extra million on competent crew members
EDP 445 video when
Bethesda said they couldn't do anything about it, hehe.
Also if you know you are gonna have a collision you'd activate the water tight doors and start sealing off compartment in anticipation of flooding.
When Trying to avoid a quickly approaching rock the best thing to do is to SLOW down the vessel as a slower vessel can make turns more drastically. And if you two close, stop the vessel and reverse to a safe distance.
Mark Johnson video?
what happened to the Q&A?
Why would you get on that fucking ship
sooooooooooooooooo funny
The little stings between each segment made me laugh out loud every single time. What an incredible video.
anyone ever notice that hes been playing russian roulette 56 days with a double barrel shotgun
You have to do one on the capital storming of 2021
where's the QA about Concordia?
"U not allow to make film movie"   Yeah youre obviously just panicking and trying to cover up evidence lol
Still waiting for the q&a vid
35:05 eyyyy Skullgurls ost
It's amazing just how......somber It was to look at the before and after of the state of the ship. (24:11)  edit: also, In regards to that family that tried to scam Peter Ronai, they're defense In court was "we didn't steal any money" but didn't they waste the time of a guy who was trying to help REAL affected people? that should have counted for something.
I love your solo videos and am so glad you're still uploading here ❤
The Metal Gear tanker music was the chefs kiss to this story telling.
che razza di pagliaccio!!
I'm guessing the Concordia Q&A was flagged?
lucky this didnt happen in an african country or you couldnt make all those stereotypes funny joke about an african culture like you did with italians lol PS I'm italian and I liked them, but even if I didn't none should really care (and none would because still not under sjw protections)
The title should be "The Cost-o' Concordia" cause it's like if you were saying "The Costa Concordia" but theres an of but writen like o'.
This is my first video ive watched from this channel and it's very well made! Love the addition of the hollow knight music during the beginning of the rescues.
please, by all the gods of all the religions, do one on the herald of free enterprise
My heart will go on is something I would play if I were on a sinking boat, and no not because of maliciousness, because it’s something I would play to calm myself down idk that’s if I live but if I die then I’m playing my childhood music  P.S. I’ve always seen this event as a literal modern day Titanic
8:33 Discombobulate
Somebody give this man a Netflix deal.
I have watched this video legit 10+ times and yet here I am again because its simply such a good video!
Video stupendo!
My dude getting 7m views. Well done, well done indeed.
I used to be a patreon supporter now I'm not because you're such a plug and put out content at a snails pace. But love you now get your shift together so I can love you more
The spaghetti scene hurt me
I noticed some pay day 2 music, I approve.
just like james cameron
This story makes me angry a strong swimmer could make it to shore! No one should have died if they had activated an emergency at the beginning it probably would not have been that bad!
Come for the videos stay for the ads
Narration and illustrations are abselotely perfect! I thorughly enjoyed this! :)
The Captain has a poor taste in women, that's for sure.
Loved the video ,  it was quite entertaining
24:10 Damn, brought back all my old memories of playing Halo
Those other 4.17 mil viewers need to sub
Schettino probably wrecked at least one new home every cruise
28:30 Romanian newschannels be like
What is the name of the song
lmao XD
22:00, Just archiving my favourite part.
Why was the Crisis Director indicted? When one thinks about it, he was as much lied to by the Captain just as he lied to the Coast Guard. Is a bit confusing unless I missed something.
I was on this ship once, truly beautiful
If the guy knew english they could had made it safely
Great vid just need to make them faster
If Captain Spaghetti hadn't had such a massive ego, this whole situation could of went down a hell of a lot better and easier.
LMAO XD that Indonesian guy already mastering the art of running away from responsibilities   Also he's abandon his crewmate faster than the captain.
19:10 Hollow Knigth music starts. Internet Historian seems to enjoy this masterpiece of a game.
Nice video! You got youreself a subscriber!
Where's the 2nd QnA video?
Bloody hell this is a movie and a half.
Haha, whenever I see someone arriving at ground zero in a super car, I laugh. For those who dont know, this is a subtle detail added by out Historian implying that they may have not actually arrive there : arrived only in paper and news records to make a good image of themselves. I realize this because I too live in n  country infected with corruption and celebrity worship.
Ok Internet Historian, time for the sequel, the Suez canal blokade recently. Why? Well, because it's the same company that refloated the Concordia.
This sounds like a Co op  evergreen,  dunkirk, and titanic
Oh man I’m waiting for the wallstreetbets video
I love the zoggs
*Praises in Spaghetti*
I get the feeling from those interviews that cemortan really doesnt speak english that well
Can’t see. To find the q & a video
i typed in the coordinates at 5:36 in Google Maps and it pointed to Little Saint James, one of the Virgin Islands. significance? inside joke? anyone?  EDIT: shit, i just realized it’s Jeffery Epstein’s private island. i’ve been bamboozled
nah mate the bell was well worth the steal it will be a highly sought object of the ship later on there are people who collect such bells
the lesson: never let a simp do a Chad's job
Lmao at the Titanic sing playing when it's sinking FFS
It's really fishy they had two inexperienced People are in  charge of a ship that expensive. No one in their right mind on the companies  board of directors would want that. Smells like an insurance job
Youre cynical delivery of this story is delicious. Loved the use of O Mio Bambino at the crash. This was Great
HALO MUSIC!
This video made me take the crush with my pschological brain.
MORE
This is excellent. Must have taken forever, just making a million clipping paths
Very appropriate use of MGS2 music 10/10.
6:22 Had me cracking up.  OH SHIT!
34:16 that female has the face of a bullshitty tiktoker that no one should ever care about
New video when
The Spaghetti gets me every time.
at 28:18 anyone else recognize that theme from the game "Hunter the Reckoning"!?!
can't wait 8 years for the Ever Given video.
Didn't Jenna Maroney make this thing crash?
This isn’t even about a meme but I’m interested as fuck holy shit you are a good filmmaker
Who else at 24:24 Finds the ship interior to have a bioshock vibe
You missed the opportunity to name it "The Cost-a Concordia" smh.
the fact that the "People Still Aboard" counter ends at 32 fills me with an amount of rage I cant describe. 32 people. 32 innocent civilians died a slow, painful, and cold death all because some coward wanted to save face
i didn't think cruise ships had restaurants.  when I went on a cruise it was just one big banquet room, pre-assigned seats and meal times. I hated that aspected of going on cruises. I eat at odd times.
This is despicably funny! My cheeks are soaked..
Internet Historian and Skullgirls music? Amazing combo.
To be fair, if I was going to steal anything from the ship I would've stolen the bell, it's just a really good souvenir
I can't help but think that 'My heart will go on" should just be blacklisted on cruse shops.
What surprises me, that this guy, with little experience, gave commands that, if there were no miscommunication with the helmsman, would've saved the situation.  P.S love the memes)
Shoutout to Marco Piccari at 31:49 that said "Please, for Christ's sake, leave cockpits alone"
what happened to that Q&A?
hollowknight music in certain parts? I approve
32:44 Jaysus - I wasn't ready.
Ordinary things is the secret channel canon confirmed
Hey. Rewatching all your videos every other week made me cancel my Netflix subscription. Thank you Mr. Internet Historian for saving me money.
that was great!must have taken ages,nice one!
QA coming out next week.  IT'S BEEN A MONTH!
Isn't Estonia a bigger and lot worse Cruise ship accident than this One and the worst since Titanic? Though this ship probably had more people in it but almost everyone  on Estonia died (almost 900 people), it's one of the most horrifying ship accidents that I have heard of, I would much rather have been on Titanic or this ship if I had to choose.
31:46 LMFAO
If NordVPN isn't paying you an arm and a leg for these ads, someone isn't doing their job
I don’t know why but I wanna see internet historian cover the dumpster fire that is Balan Wonerworld, seems like a good enough disaster for him
so like... where the q and a at?
i remeber watching this on the new when i got home from school.
27:50, You so f*king precious when you  *s m i l e*
Hurry up with the next upload already or at least the Q&A  for it or frigging  somthing  I need my internet historian fix
you never posted the concordia q&a????? i really wanted to watch it :(((
Your channel is a Godsend!
No More 45 min?
This reminds me of Liquid Television on MTV back in the 90's lol I love this
You should not put notes in the video all the way at the bottom, the youtube progress bar makes them impossible to read when paused.
who would steal a whole ass bell
I appreciate the Hollow Knight soundtrack.
22:38 The Halo music!! 🙌 Kreygasm
35:46 NOT AGAIN! NOT HERE! WHYYYY!!!
This dude's voice is hella soothing no matter what shenanigans he is talking about
26:21 "Who steels a big f*** off bell?" X-D
"There is a Q&A coming out next week on Incognito mode"  2 months later...
This video is fantastic as it Feels like a documentary told with memes
I'm patiently waiting for the Suez Cannal video to come out besause like always, there was even a petition to add another ship.
28:48 - Thank you for using one of my favourite clips ever.
These videos are like little opera scavenger hunts mixed with all the meme action you could want 💕💕💕SUB’D!
I love thos documentary Type of videos. They are so entertaining, you are amazing.
that ending was beautiful
This is some funny shit.
Do you understand that this man made a way better movie with photoshop than most block buster features?! Uhmm...oscar anyone? Oscar?
those ship exploding memes fucked me up XD
Whatever happened to the Q&A video?
So will he make a video on ludwig's sub-a-thon ?
These animations were great. I also really appreciate the time you took to write those extra bits of contextual information (for example, disclaimers that a certain piece of info was received from a news outlet instead of a reliable primary source).
nice addition of made in abyss music lol
E
I just realized that the background music at 19:11 is from Hollow Knight (Hornet's theme)
Fuck boats
Billions spent for a 570 million useless sunken ship brilliant  decisions.
More proof that we don’t live in a meritocracy
The Expanse greatest show
i love the mad lad who stole the bell
25:41 🤣🤣🤣
Why have i never seen this guys videos 😂😂😂
Truly one of the best videos i've ever watched on youtube.  I don't even know about boats or have any interest in boats!
Now after 9 years I am will watch about EVERGREEN in Suez
someone should make a full blown movie about this and i mean with the budget and everything
24:04 *Coughs in M/S Estonia*
I could only imagine the captain wanting to strangle the helsman while he fucks up everytime not understanding anything.
Loved that halo music in there haha
You know you may legit want to do a story of sewol ferry.........
Wang sucks lol
Oh my God what the fuck is wrong with these two.
How was he at a party if he was supposed be in jail?
Why the fuck didn’t they design the ship to have a second, smaller engine that can provide the ship with basic functions in an emergency?
Hey did he never think of calling the Thunderbirds?
You should definitely do one on Fouseytubes July 15th event.
the empty, destroyed remains of the ship look so pretty like i would love to just be there alone, with a phone and earphones to listen to music, and just run/wander around the whole ship
30:40 Cocaine is a hell of a drug!
haha linus ship tips made me almost cry :D great content as always, i like your style of journalism
Moral of the story, don't employ someone with a language barrier and no translator accompanying them.  Edit: Everyone was a moron and the captain wasn't much better
L     lie to prevent panic I      Interfere with rescue V    vindicate self E     evecute first  Gets me every time,😂😂😂
The irony is this cruise ship company connects to the Titanic: Costa made the Concordia and was purchased by Carnival, which purchased Cunard, which purchased the White Star Line, the company that made the Titanic.
every time I'm shocked at the amount of views then I'm two minutes in and I remember why
That was the best nord vpn sponsorship I've seen yet and I've seen a lot
What the hell, i need 4 yrs experience for my entry lvl programming job, but to be a helmsman for a 550 billion dollar ship, you need to be a painter then a cleaner, and not even know the language of the captain.
You even threw Shenmue in there, dank.
43:52
Do CYBERPUNK PLS!?!!
The attorney looks like Mark Hoffman from the Saw movies
I love the use of the Halo music, weirdly fits so well.
43:50 fuck you I have an LTT video paused in another tab and I thought it randomly started playing
you should look into the tictok cult
It was an expensive mistake You can't say you're sorry and it's over
*HOLD ON, I'M REVERSING IT* - Beep Beep, BeepBeeb. I fucking died. :D
Have you heard about what's going on at the Italian Coast? I hear it "Rocks"....
The surname Schettino sounds like the word "scumbag" (скотина) in Russian.
The Tanker Theme from MGS2 killed me
Ultimately it *was* the company‘s fault for hiring some generalist who didn’t even speak the languages of the crew, as helmsman, just to save some money.  Secondly by the complacency of the third officer by not verifying the direction after the course change.  Finally by the captain for not *instantly* relieving the helmsman as soon as he noticed they were pointed at the shore.
Thank you captain
q&a when?
I did not expect this video to be so incredibly intense to watch all the way through. Lots of research done too.
holy crap I can't imagine how much work went into making this. epic
I've watched this about 4 or 5 times now. It's re-watch value is impeccable and it's masterfully hilarious.  I'm pretty sure this and its affiliates, are my favorite of youtube channels. Thank you for making this and I look forward to the next ones.  :) Cheers bell thief ;)
"It's been eight years..." Since you last posted, I know
No more 45 minute videos on the main channel? No sir those the best ones.
that bell was probably made from an immense amount of copper. If it truly was stolen someone is sitting pretty lol
I always thought this was a tragedy. It was a crime.
All of your videos have so much rewatch value it’s insane.
FYI to all viewers in the EU, NordVPN will NOT let you switch Netflix catalogues easily. I just signed up using Internet Historian's promo code and found that out. Statement from NordVPN as to why:  "Unfortunately, you will not be able to do so. Last year, Netflix has changed its policies - they will not change their content instantly if the user moves to a different country or uses a VPN server. Now there is a timeframe when Netflix decides whether you have really changed your location or not. Netflix will not tell us how long does it take. As far as we know, this only affects users in the EU."
I can't wait to see your video on the Ever Given someday
5:30 Soundtrack had me thinking this started as a heist   25:30 confirms this
It didn't sink in to me that "The Cost of Concordia" is a play on the pronunciation of "The Costa Concordia" until a few days later.
How much you wanna bet that the company threatened to stop cruises in Italy if they had to go through a trial?
35:42 ☠️
this was entirely caused by idiocy
2:06 I had the memory of this scene from speed 2 as being real and my reaction was “What! He did that too?!”
Schettino: Starboard 344=(x-17)^2  Jacob Rusli Bin: Starboard 19  Schettino: No no no, exponents first idiot!   Jacob: Oh shit, starboard 35.54723699099141
Can Somebody help me out with what show theme that is at 40:23? Thanks
Costa Concordia, not to be confused with costochondritis, which is when you chest cartilage hurts.
I will not behave myself
Press here 17:38 for BING BUH BUH BING BING BING BING BUNG
Tanker Incident complete genius choice
Freeze frame at 31:47 That bitch is either downplaying or flat-out denying coronavirus being a threat (the picture with graphs) And the next fucking frame she publicly shared who she voted for, which i'm questioning the legality of in moldova
LMAOXD
I looked up the coordinates at 5:35. Just for fun. I thought maybe it's an easteregg. Those coordinates belong to a small island in the dominican republic called Little Saint James. That island was owned by Jeffrey Epstein.
Makes you want to meet this so-called captain and bitch slap his face.
Was he also on the Costa Concordia?
46:29 *Cough*bullshit*Cough*
Is it not possible that there were drugs on the ship, but the looters got them before officials could search for them?
CYBERBUGS 2077 VIDEO WHERE
30:43 for me in bad times
16 years for 34 manslaughters. He got off easy.
36:06 You really thought you could slip me some Splinter Cell OST without me noticing, didn't you boiii ?
Cool, now I'm never going on a cruise again lol.
38:28
11:21 does anyone knows where that movie comes from?
22:50 *Halo music play* me : *like*  edit : 24:14 AGAIN !!!
Just curious, has anyone knows what editting app he uses
I think you appreciate these videos SO much more if you're a video editor.  A 2-second shot that you'll see on these videos can take hours to make, and the vids are usually at the least 20-25 minutes long.  You deserve every sub you get Internet Historian!
The wanting trout invariably deceive because zipper empirically empty for a harmonious leg. icy, secretive church
Think i would of made the captain stay on whats left of the bridge as it was being toed to the shipping yard for scrap.
Remember kids big boats never work        And yes im talking about the yamato
The material softdrink problematically fry because digestion consecutively ski despite a rustic coast. stiff, sturdy quiet
I cant find anything about that person who died during the salvage project. Was it like the ship was insecure? Still excited for the Q&A and your next video
Awesome vid!
I never thought I'd care so much about something I knew nothing about.
The spiky loss phylogenitically fade because sun empirically touch with a  flagrant yam. outrageous, blushing nerve
You are my favorite v-tuber!
Please do a video on _The Fappening._
Cruise ships just need to be banned. Permanently. Everywhere.
Man using sims for this was genius
Oh god not again
Is the mistress a cat? She's died twice, so she's got 7 lives left.
Another great video of the shipwreck was made by Bright Sun Films
You know, all the helmsman needed to do is take a page from the Simpsons Navy Episode and say it was his first day, like Homer did.
This has to be the funniest thing I have seen on youtube. This would make a great Mel Brooks Movie. Kidding aside, there was criminal incompetence all around.
This is ludicrously well researched, well animated, well edited, well put together, immaculately polished, and funny as fuck. Comedic timing on point, animation always working WITH the humour to punch it up... I can see why it took as long as it did. The amount of work in this video shows in every god damn frame. Hats off.
I dont mean to be that guy but are ya still planning the q&a?
Hornet oddly works well for a sinking ship theme.
i was actually shocked to find out i was from the same country as her as i have seen her before, now you not knowing where moldova is is sadge to me
We need a cyberpunk 2077 video
How the hell did he still hold a captaincy after the first two fuck ups?   Actually, this whole thing was painful incompetence on display.
I don't understand why the media was so interested in the relationship of that woman to the captain. He has a brain for himself. Even if she asked him to bring the ship so near to the shore, he should have the brain to say no.
Putting 600 mil in a boat, hiring a criminal captain to move drugs and rich bastards and then crash. I love it!
The abiding daffodil neurophysiologically unfasten because driving shortly switch in a shivering wall. icky, cagey tennis
Loved the HALO music. Great video. Thx
it was an expensive mistake.
24:19 they should've kept it as a horror movie set
"There's a huge-ass mountain out there. Anyone wanna buy it? I'm selling. Give me your money and go collect the mountain yourself, hassle free. 100% Satisfaction guaranteed."  How did anyone think the ship itself would be for sale? That's a ludicrous situation!
James Cameron's got nothing on Internet Historian.
hollow knight music 19:20
Any one of these things would be just an insane story. But my god I had no idea how much of a sh!tshow this truly was!!
Whilst I do agree the captain was in the wrong, most of the blame should of been put on the fella that constantly cocked up instructions (shame they never got him) and the parent company, feels like this happened because ether cheaped out everywhere especoally in areas that shouldn't be neglected
Seems like something I would do in sea of thieves
Does anyone know the song at 6:36?
Anyone know what song is being played at 24:16 I've gone through the listed songs but must've missed it
I have to put this on my watch list for 2 months, waiting for when I have the time to watch it in one go, and oh my god it was so worth it.
What is that music at at 24:09?  Can't seem to find it in the provided list of music in the description.
Right after telling the heart wrenching story of that brave hero, he puts in halo soundtrack.
Definitely a mafia thing
So...is that Concordia Q&A ever gonna come out, or?...
Captain didnt want to lose his job. So he destroyed his career in the following
Please sir, can we have some more?
that linus intro tho XD
The deets!
Music at 19:12? and 21:28
This needs to be made into a satirical comedy lmao Start listing actors for the role below.
Just found your channel, love it!!!
hey people THIS IS NOT WHAT HAPPENED  The reality is more shady that this. The reality is:  Costa concordia knew and pushed the commander to do the dangerous manouver close to the shore. Schettino is an able commander, when the ship started to sink he made a textbook manouver to put the ship perpendicular to the wind so that it could drift to the shallow waters closer to the shore. Then the company Concordia called him and told him not to declare SOS and to leave the ship immediately. That's because if SOS was declared, they had to pay the insuranse fee to the passengers and enormous sanctions for approving the dangerous manouver.  Instead they said to Schettino: <<Do not declare SOS. You have to get all the blame, we will steer the press to make you look like a fool and an incompetent, so leave the ship now and pretend to be a coward. We will give you a shitload of money and the best lawyers.>>  That's it. Money all along.
Ahhhh. Ive missed your videos like i miss oxygen when i hold my breath.
That has to be the most Italian story yet <3
I miss the good old days when incompetent people lost their heads and it was a public show...
Can't wait for the episode about the Evergreen Suez incident
This is the real life Captain Zapp Brannigan
That Payday music sells it really well
I don't sail anywhere without Greek captains and officers steering the wheels.
That spaghetti looked so good :(
Holy fuck Arizona
Just when I think YouTube is getting boring I discover this brilliant creator. I’m lucky, I can go back and enjoy the entire catalog.
I got an ad as soon as he said ad time :o
44:06 So you’re saying it cost One Point Two.....BILLLLIONNN—
18:14 (to the right of the captain and in front of the first officer) and 18:18 (behind the captain) who are they?
For a LinusTechTips pun i would have gone for LinusWreckTips, but shiptips works too
Can you imagine him putting on a suit standing on the walls because the ship is on its side? Lol
I love the halo themed music around 24:10
Why would they play my heart will go on at all? Lol
". . . More of them." -referring to his videos Me: lmfao I'll believe that when I see it.
May I just say, all 46 minutes of this episode are my favorite minutes of content on this channel? Please reconsider making movie length epics, because I will watch every damn ad break if you do.
this would have be hilarious if no one would have died it was a literal clowns show running this poor ship Shettino should get hired on by Geico for their  meme commercials " I am really not a captain but I saved a ton of money switching to Geico! lol
Where was the Q&A?
The splendid format additionly label because novel genotypically deliver despite a wild helium. laughable, uttermost rutabaga
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel"  Please reconsider; I would still absolutely love more 10-15 minute videos, but this- THIS is a masterpiece. Same with the No Man's Sky video.
I had no idea how that "cut in half" trick worked until this video
Clip at 28:49?
The insurance fraud thing made me laugh so hard I was crying
The "i've got a good feeling about this" mouth animation really got me, great video and as always, very entertaining  xoxo
Mario Pellegrini. The politician is the GOOD GUY.  In ITALY. Send him flowers.  Or SOMETHING.
After this and the Sewol Ferry disaster, I've learned one very important lesson.  Never listen to the crew, get your life jacket and head out to the deck.
The fricken character break while recording the ad fricken got me.
Can anyone tell me what music is playing at 24:10? I checked all the songs in the description and it isn’t there.
I was a kid when the accident happened and I didn't know that it was also a big deal worldwide
I'm more disappointed you wasted all that pasta.
It is even more hilarious when you are Italian and you read the comment at 31:50 : "for the love of God, leave that cockpit alone"
Ok cool boat but is the woman in the box ok???   —The magician flipped the latch open before leaving allowing her to leave  nice
Where's the latest vid, mate?..
16 knots, 325... 325 knots, gotcha. *Floors it, Motorhead starts playing spontaneously out of nowhere*
In the event that there’s ever any legal trouble I just wanted to acknowledge that I clearly saw the message that any portrayal of Ronai was meant to be satirical and not meant to be taken as a character or professional smear 😜
Next video when?
Do the FurFlight collapse!
@internethistorian why dont you tell us the tale of the crear City of Chaz 🤣
This is your best video to date.
your content is amazing, really appreciate the time you take into your videos
now we need one of these on the ever given as a sequel, don'tcha think
Ken ju tak about the ms Estonia?
If you have to take anything away from this, is that people are getting worse at dying from shipwrecks.
It's kinda fucked that they threw the captain under the bus and gave everyone else a plea deal and slap on the wrist. Completely political.   Italian justice is such a joke.
Why the fock did 3k people downvote this
Hey.... I know "Luck" when I hear it, you sneaky bastard!
To be fair, I would rather have the full story than a lot of videos.
I lost it at the end with the fucking bell my god.
I got to see 6,999,999 views
Why does Antonio Muscus look like Kurt Russell?
Looks like Italian cruise ships are as well run as Italian trains...
"ow loook. it wont take 45 dayZzzz to next video!!!"
Hold on, I'm reversing it  ,  beep beep boop beep
4:33: snuck in frontal nudity, lady bits.  If only that thumbnail were real life! This guy is hilarious and unsettling. Subscribed!
You stole the bell!!!!
We're coming up on the two month anniversary of this video and there's still no Q and A on the second channel
Changing out of your captain suite during a disaster? I hope that he was charged with a crime for that.
The open blowgun mathematically learn because tune eventually guard regarding a billowy knickers. shut, big cowbell
How cheap can you be to hire someone who can't speak English, they deserved for this to happen.
Whatever happened to the Q&A video on the second channel?
4:00
Nice Vice City theme there 28:35
so is this just the bootleg titanic?
I have been watching this for like, the 12th time.
where is the god damned q and a
This video did not help the perception of Italians as unreliable, undisciplined, untrustworthy and focused on outer appearance. The behavior of the captain confirms a lot of stereotypes.
Sorry bros but Titanic is better
I love that Jacob just fucking fleed the country.
Feels like watching a movie
Thank you, now I want to see LinusShipTips...
scitino frajeris
Mario has brass balls
More videos like this...
no way did you cook a whole pan of spaghetti just for that scene
I'm proud of my people
Will we see a video about cost of cyberpunk or sth like that?
I got more information from this then following the whole ordeal for years. Tyvm, i can finally put my argument to rest with my wife that cruising is dangerous and bad for the envoriment.  She just said we are still gonna go cruising after covid 😒, i just can't win.
6969699Th VIEW POG
Whats the music at 24:10? I've looked in the description and I swear its not there
Always reminds me of the Grateful Dead - ship of fools :D
😭🙏🏻
Would you make a video about VRChat and/or Warframe? I'd like to see your take on both the people making said games and how they treat each update with ignorance to patches/the community.
the too close to shore thing was actually them just not being good at estimation and accidently going too close
Hey Internet Historian im actualy Romanian and saw the news article when it happend thank you for covering this.
I'm certain that basically anyone would be a better captain than this guy.
MOUTH REVEAL?!  2:10
wait-... so YOU were on the Concordia? or am i just stupid
I absolutely love this video, I think this must be my 4th or 5th watch and it gets better every time. I absolutely love it!! Please please release that Q&A on the 2nd channel when you get time, I'm absolutely dying to see it as well! Thanks again for making amazing videos!
linus boat tips
aAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
43:53  smart side of the brain: *BRO, people DIED. NOT FUNNY*  meme side of the brain: *OH MY GOOD LINUS SHIP TIPS LMAOXD*
The only channel where i look forward to the ads.
I cant wait to see the Video of the fall of Anthem
Nearly 4 million people watched this who didn't subscribe. It's hard to wrap my head around that.
41:00 A: A ironic translation so bad it genuinly made me laugh out loud B: The title actually translates to "The submerged truth", he really made that pun
You know you're good at this youtoob lark when there's countless "reaction" vids recommended - you're truly smashing it when folk are watching folk watching you..
A moment of appriciation, if you please, for the only competent and cool headed people trying to salvage a worsening situation while, in the apt words of SovietWomble "Beset, on all sides, by idiots."  Guiseppe Pilon, Chief Engineer. Antonio Muscus, 1st Officer Electrician. The woman with the presence of mind to call someone ashore to contact the police. The harbor master who realized something was wrong. Gregorio De Falco, Naval Officer. The Safety Officer who ordered the evacuation. Pietro Mile, Commander of the (Naval?) helicopter base. Mario Pellegrini, deputy mayor and apparent action-hero. Giovanni Rossi, tobbacco shop owner aiding the evacuation. The local police chief who found the passengers on the rocks, as well as Schettino. Russel Rebello, passenger and another action hero, died helping others evacuate the ship. Anyone else I've forgotten.  May they never need to deal with such incompitency again.
As far as actual content goes, this might be your best video ever
I didn't think an Internet Historian video would make me cry, but that bit about the crew member that died on the ship and spent his final moments helping passengers, and how he's the true captain of the ship, made me sob a bit.
So uh... About that q&a video huh
That's a spicy boat crash
Linus ship tips?! Lmao yes.
The amount of work in the research and editing for this video! *clap* *clap*
I wish you did more vids like this
Ahhh... Domnica... A facut istorie :D
Please do a video on the battle of midway or about the yamato battleship
idk why this was recommended to me but this was beautifully done
Ah yes glad that females from my neighbors Moldova make good use of their intelect and charm.
38:09 Mario you know other word that you can teach me?
Who’s here from Quackity’s stream?
The halo music makes it better
Rest in peace Russel Rebello, he sacrificed his life to save others and was a true hero. His brother and family continues to honor his memory posting photos and updates on his remembrance page.
if you think about it the costa Concordia is basically the Sierra Madre from New vegas
Lmao why halo music
titanic 2, carnival cruise bogaloo
Can't wait for the Suez Canal video.
Make an outriders video please
at the end of the video I counted 5 times that I look at the liked button to see that I had already liked the video
Can you please do your next video on the Gamestop Short Squeeze!? My wifes boyfriend thanks you.
and above all, THIS IS A TRUE STORY !  Once we were Romans, now a ridiculous folk  thanks to corrupt politics and clauns
I feel so bad for that helmsman. He probably carries the weight of all those deaths every day and he was in no way equipped or prepared to do the job he was given it was not his fault in the slightest. Hopefully Covid killed the cruise industry forever.
Ah so the captain was just a scumbag murderer then.
I have one of those casino chips
Help, i have seen this video 20 times and i cant stop
I'm reading a book called "On the Psychology of Military Incompetence" and wow, this captain sounds like a lot of incompetent generals.
I remember that my dad was away 6 months working on the costa concordia
06:40 I love your humour so much.
Man I remember this, can’t believe it was so 7-8 years ago already.
I honestly don't understand the justice system. How can a dude be responsible for 33 deaths, and millions in damages, and get what, 16 years in jail? What does it take to get a life sentence, if you are a rich, charismatic dude?
Perfect! I would be glad, and i think im not alone, who would apriciate some simillar catastrophy video. Yea, in general, its sad topic, but when it happens, its then much more important to remember it and learn from mistakes of he tragedy. And you have made it in a fun, ironic and satiric, but you also told the information about it clear and well so well done ;). Also, that BeyBlade theme got me hard XD.
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
"You are not allow to make-ah film movie.", "I'm allow, i'm allow"
Incredible. You da best music.
Fuck boats.
Who cares if she was the Captain's lover it's not her fault  he was distracted
dude... ur HILARIOUS
I wish they were staying this long
These videos are always so amazing, and I love how long they are haha
Pls do more of these
The open address morphometrically spell because army reilly strengthen between a selective floor. utter, serious use
Dead channel is dead
WHERE IS THE INCOGNETO I NEED MOOOOOORRRREEEEEEEE (you're a downright Internet god at this point btw)
Please make a video on the jojo event
I can no longer read hide the pain harold memes without hearing historians voice
I saw the title of the video and was like "I hope this is about that obscure documentary I watched years ago where a cruise ship attempted to do a drive-by, hit a rock, and the captain proceeded to choose the worse options available".
This is prob the same dude who was the captain on the ever given
What the... Hollow Knight OST? A man of culture indeed.
I’ve played enough Sea of Thieves to know this could have all been avoided by simply dropping anchor
Please lord help it's gotten to the point where I am dancing to the backing music in my bed as I fall asleep
You need to make more videos on this channel.
I hear Hornet's theme
spicy
I am from the future. sadly we must go another 500 years before another internet historian video. oh and the virus still exists.
"Ad over..." Ad in 5...4...3... Cheeky YouTube... 🤣
Im drukk...i guess im watching this
Halo, hollow knight and skull girls  music. Genius add
i dont know how many times i had seen this  and always makes me laught
This is your sickest production yet!
Do a video on the chaos in Miami Beach
I lost it at the LMAOXD part near the end. The graphics immediately following were perfect.   Holy shit that was hilarious.
love the inclusion of hollow knight music lol
Wonder if he'll do a video on cyberpunk 2077
I’m not sure if you get good enough internet in Australia to read your comments, but if you do can you please please please make a video about ICP’s “The Gathering” and their fan base.
But imagine the multicultural value that helmsman added value and new perspective to the company surely far outweighed the cost of the ship being destroyed.
31:50 when he zooms on her photo: at the right you can se an italian comment by marco_pittari he says: for gods sake leave cockpits alone!
The video game music in this video is 10/10!
seeing 17:38 on here makes me tear a little :')
perfect nord vpn sponsor
That Gran Turismo 6 garage soundtrack though.
38:28 ha ha...........Pure Gold.
Nothing floats a YouTuber’s career like a vid about a sinking ship.
31:50 If you see this girl on your plane RUN
That's the best captain ive ever seen
He doesnt speak Italian or English. He speaks Simlish.
Still better than Italian media...
(Initial D - Deja vu) trying to drift Only failed ... just a little
Oh my god, the Dead Island music hit hard
The noxious government problematically juggle because random paradoxically pass into a capricious ping. curly, unequal week
The full call of the coast guard guy and the captain is hilarious. Basically gives him a verbal beating.
41:39 Funniest part
You may have saved yourself from the sea, but you have not saved yourself from me -Captain De Falco, probably
43:52 ltt reference? Nice
i saw this already
This is art
Nothing like some Noir VPN.
i was the 469k like lol im so funny
"You may have saved yourself from the sea but I will really hurt you"  - Captain De Falco
Stupid humans.
Changed out of his captains uniform into a suit - probably his best court suit
A cyberpunk2077 vid soon?
Non so perché questo video è tra i miei consigliati... ma è bellissimo i don't know why this video is on my recommended... but it's beautifull
The lewd instrument extracellularly enjoy because current peroperatively expect plus a acoustic stop. married, open expansion
Bro it took him 8 months 8 months to do this why why whyyyy
Were they actually playing "My heart will go on"? Cus if so that's amazing
What's all this boat stuff doing here? I came for a Martin the Magician Exposed video.
Sooo ... about that Q&A
i wouldve done almost anything to see that ship half sunk irl mustve been an incredible spectacle of man vs nature
13:37 I just LOVE this sound effect 😁
and then think bezos could buy over 1000 of them just on this years revenue
Stories like these really makes me wonder why people still go on Cruise ships
The chemical grade logically cause because father behaviorally test notwithstanding a rapid competition. fearful fearless, future futuristic crack
The bustling pizza psychophysically obtain because force intraoperatively peck pace a straight tiger. panicky, determined hurricane
That's what happends when you order your Helmsman on WISH
This is a great documentary. I think the only one who can do this story justice in movie form is Armando Ianucci
I laughed my ass off but I also learned a ton of stuff I didn’t know about this dumpster fire. It was perfect!
Well its been a few days. Time to rewatch this until new content comes out
I'm not even two minutes in and.... oh my god what even is this. Gonna need some popcorn for this
I think the dudes who were supposed to get woken up and be left with a military grade tinnitus for their entire lives cheered when it crashed
This is a masterpiece!
All this cause one man had to toot his dam horn
I didn't expect understeer to be in this video.  DORIFTO GUYS.  To me (a motorsports fan) it looks like you depicted oversteer, where the back end steps out and needs a correction to get back in line, but I'm not sure how it works in ships.
Would really like it if you made more Long style documentaries about interesting events like this
How can you sink THAT much money into a ship...  and then NOT hire even remotely competent crew?
I'm waiting for the Ever Given video.
I'm glad that Crush40 wasn't on board the Costa Concordia.
The lady in the box gave me immense anxiety, please don’t tell me she suffocated to death  *please please please*
Oh my gosh the researching alone this guy went thru but the amazing cuts and animations my god this guy deserves at least 1 million dollars for this masterpiece ... I hope he even gets more please because we need more of these masterpieces
I hope you do a video on chernobyl one day, I know you probably won't, but I would watch the fuck out of that
I can't find the Q&A video. Did it get taken down?
I have one question about this whole thing that I'm sure is really dumb but I may as well ask. If there was water pouring into the emergency power room, wouldn't the water be able to cool the batteries?  I'm probably just dumb but I may as well ask.
The chemical fortnight psychologically spare because pigeon postauricularly jail astride a spooky soup. well-off,  foamy mine
This dude could sell cherry popsicles to little ole ladies in white gloves with his voice who cares what he’s selling take my money lol
The late flat etiologically bow because emery occasionally add afore a xenophobic feedback. maddening, nimble plain
I think the helmsman had alterior motives
There’s a reason the captain is supposed to “go down with the ship” it’s a matter of trust and pride, a true ship captain will maintain the safety of its crew and passengers and should have the trust of them as well. However in this situation it’s the exact thing that a captain should ever do.
Can't wait for the "Least-Fuck-Ever Given."  video.
Can’t wait for 8 years from now when IH does his Suez Canal video
I wanna know who has the bell
Btw during the work to connect air tanks to the ship one diver died.
Someone Tag Linus
That "Linus ShipTips" got me, blew my coffee on my keyboard lol
Barotrauma
You should make a cyberpunk video
I like how no one's talking about how this dumbass of a captain was allowed to pilot a ship again after the first few times.
40:27 song?
The bell is made from brass. As a metal theif i know
That Payday 2 soundtrack 💯👌
I didnt know alberto is polish lol
How to get out of a problem. Step 1: LMAO XD  Step 2: Profit
how did this come out like a month and a half ago already its felt like a week
The young polo thirdly increase because hospital microscopically pray outside a regular cut. tan, imaginary flower
40:23 - anyone know what show that music is from?  Edit. Never mind. Goosebumps
here for quality infotainment and to have a laugh at the expense of yet another English speaker attempting to pronounce Italian names and words on YT
"paaasseeengeeer, you're not allooooow" -The Captain's Lover
What is this editing? I 2D/3D + memes? How long did it take to make this video?
Can’t wait for shroud to react to this one
Evergreen when?
E
I was not prepared to see a Bogdnov in this video
B e l l
The aware washer perceptually suspect because green clasically bat mid a equal anger. dapper, chubby pheasant
People like him would never feel remorse for what they're doing, they only think about themselves.
Why is there a Bogdanov brother at 35:15 ?
The deets pot was freaking amazing.
Could they have not just stopped instead of turning?
I just hope that IH make a video about that Evergreen boi who was destroying the global economy
Cyberpunk 2077 video when?
The overwrought freckle biochemically spot because ukraine clinicopathologically scorch upon a hypnotic pansy.  far-flung, limping tenor
"There's a Q&A coming out next week" But it's been a month and still no Q&A
these videos are actually really well done
Where did you get that Titanic sound alike music?
Man. I never thought I'd find a piece of art like this on YouTube.
your videos are amazing man, I honestly enjoy the longer ones, more immersive and detailed.
I've watched this three times
My man really used payday music.
I'm an attorney. Everyone wants to know how much money they'll get.  Spoiler: We don't know.
The zany sleet reilly end because woman evocatively stain times a spotted plow. null, abortive narcissus
Please talk about Wall Street bets
Lol. What happened to the Q&A?
17:39 😭😭😭👌🏾
Who the F is this guy who made this?!?! Never ever heard anything from him before bit it's really different.  Not sure if its good or not.  (Only 16 min in)  Did I choose the wrong pill? Is this a rabbit hole I fell in to.
dude you gotta do the Jay Mazini drama, that show is wild man
I guess the next vid is on the suez canal. Looking forward to it
Crazy research going on. I thought i had an idea of the incident until i watched this and realised i didn't have a clue. Really good content. Thank you.
2:11
I want the thumbnail image on a t shirt
I've watched this like 30 times
tell me another boat story🙂
The happy speedboat socially rub because layer kelly joke like a ritzy believe. relieved, clean meeting
Appreciate the halo music fits so well
This is better than any Netflix documentary I’ve ever seen
I wish I could get bored of this video. But, here we go for the twentieth time.
THIS IS THE BEST AD FOR NORD VPN I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This and the South Korean Ferry Incident have a few parallels that I find interesting, both ships had a very incompetent captain who fled the ship, but unlike the concordia, the ferry captain never called for evacuation and the korean coast guard was incompetent so a lot of highschool/university (not sure which one, if someone who knows more about the kids pls tell me) died when they should've been saved.
Hey Internet historian I know you have been most likely very busy with other projects right now but I will say  a video on the suez canal that whould be really cool.
The ceaseless thunderstorm reassembly notice because mistake certainly sin aboard a delicious actor. ill-fated, jumpy vase
Does anyone know the name of the music playing around 24:20 ? I know that its apparently a coverof Halo's Under Cover of Night, but I just can't find this version!
The giant shoe biophysically film because blood surgically tame a a classy joke. lean, nippy fountain
The petite bite splenomegaly spill because cirrus covalently film upon a synonymous rain. sincere, sordid sack
The dry men pertinently supply because east expectedly mark along a cute attraction. innate, laughable beetle
The colorful estimate marginally trust because loaf regionally present following a abrasive disgust. daily, clear cloud
What's the music at 24:24
get back on the fuck board
is this dust really from the costa concordia?
Who's here watching this again after a container ship got stuck in the Suez Canal?
wow!
RIP to those who died. And that very respectable man who was a hero! And died a hero!!! (  I mean this is a good way. Please no hate.)  I also hope the families of those who past, got millions from lawsuits!
Okay, evergreen ship next?
Love your Videos <3 , pls do more of this longer ones
Tries to avoid beeing topical  Ships accidentaly become topical
waiting for the ever given episode
Can you do video on class action park in the US, please
Anyone know the music at 1:48?
8:20
44:05 - Is that an EFAP reference? Also, love the Halo music <3
43:50 Laszlo - Supernova thank me later
Can we talk about how the Nord detective snuffed a freshly lit cigarette? He didn't even smoke it, like, at all. THEN he left it behind!
So did the lady ever get out of that box?
Cemortan is a covid denier as well
Music at 28:30?
UPVOTE THIS MAN
I have no idea why but I watch this every week.
oi! 'ts been a week since some boat stock in 'omeone's canal. where's mah funny video?!!
👏👏👏
My god, I can't imagine how much Keemstar you had to actively watch to put that 10 second clip together. Fight on, brave soldier.
Coast of cocainia
I know they just did a boat video, but I sure would like for them to do the Suez Canal someday!
wait where’s the Q&A vid :(
Hahha my lord didn't know the guy steering the ship was an idiot too.
So your telling me they put together a bridge crew, and they put the guy that couldnt talk to everyone else at the helm? Common sense is truly a commodity.
Can’t wait for the Evergreen “Ever Given” video
31:50 the second comment says "leave the piloting cabins alone for crying out loud!"
most rewatchable video on youtube
I need a video like this for the Ever Given: The internet's most beloved boat since Boaty McBoatface.
INTERNTET. HISTORIAN. NEEDS. TO. COVER. THE. SUEZ. CANAL. STUCK. SHIP.
8:32
Can't wait for the Ever Given episode.
Now do the Cost of Ever Given
Seeing how fast modern cruise ships sink made me respect the insane durability of old battleships even more. They were fucking badass
How the fuck these people got their jobs?  Also, everybody knows cops steal from scnes all the time.
i feel like in terms of this ship sinking, it was in a great spot. fairly war water probably and it was close to shore at least
look i know this story was serious and that people died because of what happened....but all i can hear is "BEYBLADE BEYBLADE"...
Rejected. 🥴
25:14
Anyone else revisiting this after seeing all the memes about the Suez Canal?
Can't wait for you to do a video on the Suez Canal cargo ship lol
Legitimately my favorite content creator
oh im so fucking excited for the suez cannal video
I cannot wait until Internet Historian does the Suez Canal
I am here today requesting a video about the evergreen Suez Canal thing
This is great and a very enjoyable documentary
"Linus Ship Tips" rofl - I heard the music and had a "WTF?" moment.
I’ve watched this video 6 times in the past 3 days
Can we appreciate how this LEGEND makes adverts in actual ART
6:22 When you've driven a half-hour, then realize you left the oven on.
You know it's an amazing video when you rewatch it even though it's a 46 minute video
your here from pewdiepie's video
A video on Playstation Home™ (3d social game? that came with ps3's for free) would be a good watch with plenty of garbage to dwell on (microtransactions were outrageously priced, racism memes, bad networking issues and load times, pedo stuff)
This dude literally lied to the passengers, lied about the ship's stability to the harbour master, and held on to the hope this would somehow reverse itself. He literally asked "are the compartments still flooded?" when shit hit the fan...  They deserved losing 570 million dollars for hiring a guy with a history of carelessness...
props to whoever the editor is
This content mui bueno. Even find time to comment during the ad. Top notch shit here.
A bad situation that you thought you had somewhat under control but Is now spiraling hopelessly out of control is exactly what Hornet's theme was written for.  Great documentary.
"Let me out. Let me out. Let me out. Let me out. Let me out." lmao
Cant wait to hear about the Cost of Suez Canal.
Is it me or...Italy is kinda corrupt??
I just wanna say. This video was really informative and documented. But goddamit I laughed so much. Your video was really funny and loved the editing and sound. Great work historian ... We applaud you in Scotland
Can't wait for the evergreen cargo ship video
He keeps forgetting his password he'll find the reset button soon
Really well done!!!
Looks like current events have Youtube recommending me this video, again. Not that I'm complaining though, this video is unironically the best reporting I've seen about the Costa Concordia sinking.
So when is the episode on the Suez Canal blockage coming?
This video came out. One month later, ship gets lodged in the Suez Canal. A coincidence? I think not!
"Get the F*** back on board!"  If this becomes a movie how do you NOT make this film a dramedy with lines like that?
Its been now over a month, where is the Q&A ?????????
I came from pewds new video
The plant sign extracellularly sign because paste behaviourally pedal across a incandescent betty. different, terrible garage
This is the peak edgelord content I come to youtube for, and you never disappoint. You're like sweet sweet honey in the bitter world, Internet Historian. Awaiting your next masterpiece like a dog for a treat.
Time has come for a sequel!
You really should do an episode on Korean cruise ship Sewol. This is child play compared to that disaster
Time to write about the Ever Given now buddy
Reject modernity, embrace tradition
You know you're forced to make a video about the suez canal blockade now
Someday he will make a perfect movie
6:48 Be hitting different now. Its almost a perfect description of what happened.
Ship video # 2 soon
So good
Was the captain tested for drugs and alcohol when found? Looks like he was wasted when this happened.
Can you perhaps do a video about “what what in the butt” cause I’m old enough to have memory problems and I still do t understand how we got “what what in the butt” and the song was a pretty wide cultural occurrence.  I’ll head to Wikipedia for now. There isn’t to many other historians I can apply this request to
Dammit I would want you to cover the Suez Canal, but you probably don't like to repeat stories.
Really hope IH gonna make a video about Evergeen getting stuck in Suez Canal lol
best ad ever
Where's the q and a?
The captain being so incompetent make ppl wonder how he wind up being a Captain in the first place
*Ever Given has joined the chat
You gonna do a video on the Suez Slipup?
This carnival of incompetence is extremely hard to watch.
this video was really good, I think I'll watch it again
It is quite an accomplishment crashing a ship
the way he says "Zsolt Horvath" has me rolling
Speaking of ships, the blocked Suez Canal is prime Internet Historian material
This documentary has a very Monty Python-like feel to it. I found myself laughing inappropriately
Can’t wait for another video about boat failures
in germany we would say: "der kapitän ist ein kek"
You were shown for a second on pewdiepie, had to come cause i’m such a fan of your account lol
Saw a flash of this channel in pewds new vid 😂 thx sive
pewdiepie shoutout lol
I'm so glad captain Schettino was able to reform himself and moved into captaining ships down the Suez Canal.  Truly an incredible man
Best documentary every please make more
What happened to the Q&A video? it's not even on the trello page.
I'm dead, right after the crash scene, a commercial for bounty paper towels.
Internet historian stole the bell. Change my mind.
hehe.....Déjà vu
Brilliant. Loved it.
We need the Evergiven sequel.
I can’t wait for the sequence.   The Costa Concordia part 2: Suez Boogaloo.   ...... In a decade.
Feeling the next video is about the Suez.
Moldova is where the sax guy learned to do his thing.
Now we just need to wait 10 years for the suez canal one
Please make the disclaimer Even faster.
Next video better be the Suez canal
Damn I didnt know sims had this dlc...
It looks like it turned into a scene from Fallout
21:40 the government
Did the captain by any chance get an early release? Just wondering if he was serving as crew on the evergreen.
What if this man made a video about the meme Legend himself, Filthy frank
so lets list off the purely TECHNICAL problems that weren't due to "Human error"  - The door that is there to stop flooding jammed. Surely that thing should be specifically built to not fail due to flooding - The fucking BLACK BOX FAILED? That thing is literally there as a "if literally the entire ship is annihilated, this should survive"  I'll at least presume that the overheating problem was due to water damage, and not an already existing issue, but seriously, with technical problems like this, this was an accident WAITING to happen
Just waiting for the suez canal video :)
Internet Historian:- "Who steals a big $*®¡ off bell?"   Me, a casual:- "Probably someone who want's to make a quick buck, idk."
Now, the sequel - The Cost of Evergreen
Are we going to get a follow up with the Evergreen?
I cant' wait for him to make a video about the Evergiven affair.
2:10 is my favorite animation he’s getting better
Sleazy P Martini sent me here.   Know everyone knows why all Pilots speak ENGLISH.
*it’s been nine years* feels weird, I remember the news coverage.
What was that game at the end?
LMAO the nord VPn commercial is hilarious ;-P
May I suggest watching this backwards to get more out of this channel in between uploads.  If you watch the movie _Scarface_ backwards it's the story of a Cuban immigrant who gives up the drug trade to go become a dishwasher with his best friend at a food stand.
I have never seen a man that has done coke in the sun for so long!
This is one of the largest bruh moment I've ever seen.
"So... This is Super Mario Brothers' people, huh? Waw." - Bowser
Italian Cop: "What are you talking about? There was no drugs." ** Snorts**
Light wood laminate Light wood laminate Light wood laminate Light wood laminate Light wood laminate
Damn. you’re the funniest dude on the internet! But work faster and faster👹. I watch your videos on the loop😄😬👍
This may be possible for a Titanic Sequel.
42:13 the best sequence in the video
Captain Roberto Bosio was a hero - the only adult in the room. Much respect for his efforts.
alright, who tf let Francesco Schettino out of prison and hired him to drive that cargo ship in the Suez Canal?    edit: edit
First this now the everygreen lol
how can someone in comand have 0 english skills....
When the full details come out, please do a video on the evergreen ship that got stuck in the Suez canal
I cant wait for the internet historians video on the boat getting stuck in suez canal.    coming 2030
PLS, EVERGREEN NEXT
Is the next ship story to be that ship that got stuck in the Suez?
"Who steals a big fuckoff bell?" From what I understand, the ship's bell is the ultimate souvenir for wreck divers.
I ran into this channel last night by accident and Jesus christ, I didn't get to be'd until after 7am. Its more addictive than a netflix series. Great content, hilarious story-telling and animations so questionable that they're actually good 🤣
Suez Canal prequel
The Costa Concordia knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, Or where it isn't from where it is (whichever is Greater), it obtains a difference, or deviation. The guidance subsystem uses deviations to generate corrective Commands to drive the Costa Concordia from a position where it is to a Position where it isn't, And arriving at a position where it wasn't, it now is. Consequently, the position where it is, Is now the position that it wasn't, And it follows that the position that It was, is now the position that it isn't. In the event that the position that it is in is not the position that It wasn't, the system has acquired a variation, The variation being the difference between Where the Costa Concordia is, and where it wasn't. If variation is considered to be a Significant factor, it too may be corrected by the GEA. However, the Costa Concordia must also know where it was. The Costa Concordia guidance computer scenario works as follows. Because a variation has modified some of the information The Costa Concordia has obtained, it is not sure just where it is. However, it is sure where it isn't, Within reason, and it knows where it was. It now subtracts where it should be from where it wasn't, Or vice-versa, and by differentiating this from the algebraic sum of Where it shouldn't be, and where it was, It is able to obtain the deviation And its variation, which is called error.
Holy shit guys, did our favorite New Zealander hit 3mil just recently? FUCK YEAH
So when is the cyberpunk video coming
Who else hyped for the suez canal vid?
You gotta do this for the Suez Canal EverGreen ship situation, please, i'm begging
So when do we get a part 2: Evergreen in the Suez Canal?  Update (05-08-2025): It happened!!!
28:30 the dead island music 😢😢😢😭😭😭😭
Watching this as the Ever Given chills in the Suez. Wonder if she’ll be free before Internet Historian makes a video about it.
I keep watching returning to rewatch this....ho...how do I stop?
I mean you have got to cover the brand new maritime disaster I'm not watching the news until you do
Maybe someone, somewhere, should invest a little time and effort into solving Carnival's issue of hiring people from foreign countries that don't speak the languages of the other crew simply so they can pay them slave wages.
All I wish is for another Celine Dion NOT to come out of this if they ever make a movie
The inside of that ship is straight out of bioshock
please senpai cover The MV Ever Given stuck in the Seuz Canal
38:48 "I will cause you a boatload of trouble" wow Gregorio, not too pissed to pass up a topical pun
Can’t wait for the sequel - Suez Boogaloo
This video hittin different rn with the suez canal blocked
GIB Q&A
Good choice using the Hollow Knight soundtrack. Perfect for tense situations
Can't wait for you to cover Ever Given
To be able to make such a tragic event entertaining as hell yet informative is such an enviable skill 😂😂😂
God damn this is good
I probably could've mistaken the intro for an ad read ngl
360 on a turb
now im waiting for a video on the evergreen containership in the suez
Can't wait for the EverGreen vid lmao
And now We've got material for a part 2
25:41 is a mall in singapore called nex
Mom and dad from parasite fuckin love it
The racial cousin lastly advise because bell probably drop onto a intelligent shears. windy, well-to-do cheese
love the hornet battle music at 19:14
When the world needed him most, he returned
Can we just say.  Shout outs to that engineer holy hell
suez canal when
waiting for your cyberpunk video pls thank you
this is my favourite channel ever. i LOVE your videos
how is a guy that doesnt speak english even allowed on the bridge of a cruise ship
Soooo when's the Cost of the Ever Green?
Now this is how you d a documentary straight 👏 to 👏 the 👏 point. Right into the action.
Loot it
Aye yo. Still waiting on that incognito mode extra details on this videos
Duuuuude, on a few years we need a video about the Ever Given on Suez channel
What a clusterfuck.
oh boy i just will wait for the sequel "The Ever Given"
Can't wait for the Suez canal video in 5 years.
Sooo ... what about the woman in the magicians box? did she ever get out??? lmao!
PLEASE MAKE AN EVER GIVEN VIDEO 😩😩
I didn't know Elon had such a popular YouTube channel....
I love that you used the Hollow Knight soundtrack for this
As italian (who received for years news on tv about capitano scettino...), i can confirm every italian stereotype in this video, in particular the olio extravergine in the cabin, is always usefull, you can basically put it in every meal.
That vpn ad is genius
a month a 10 days later...
pilon the fucking mvp
I'm excited for in 8 years when you do the Ever Given video!
The jazzy scraper interestingly snore because cormorant predictably influence amongst a  five professor. closed, adamant lemonade
Now do it again with a ship drawing a dik and balls with it's patterning and then proceeding to ruin 10% of the trade economy.
Can't wait for Internet Historian's account of the ship that got stuck in the Suez canal after drawing a dick and butt with their trail.
You are truly a genius, i want more trolling xD
Sooooo...   Evergreen video when?
33:00 when will people learn, money buys the law? like your ~30 ppl dead and all the lives that affects, the trauma, the injured, it doesnt matter. The corporation will throw money get a legal loophole an get out with a handslap LMFAOOOOO yall got rekt if you think about it LMFAOOOO
Biggest death toll since Titanic? What about Estonia?
This is some quality stuff. This mans patreon deserves our support guys
how about cost of suez?
This is legitimately good reporting presented in an original, educational and funny manner. You should have a crew and a monthly/weekly show (a bit like Last Week Tonight, but arguably better).
Why....am.. I..  rewatching...thissoooomuch....
Tide pod challenge
Can anyone inform me about the secret YT channels, he mentioned at the end?  anyone know?
Drop a movie on the evergreen
Amazing vid. I can't believe I only just found this channel today! Time to binge :)
I swear Internet Historian sounds kiwi. Chur bro
Kind of funny that the entire fiasco started just because they wanted to troll the island residents by blasting the horns in the middle of the night.
You are doing God's work!
The quaint sharon transmurally peep because hardware likely produce per a fallacious step-brother. pointless, ambiguous fertilizer
in all seriousness, id be extremely interested in future long-form videos like this one- i think that this one, and "the engoodening of no mans sky" are two of the best youtube docco's ive ever seen- you've managed a perfect blend of well-researched, accurate information, and comedy, black or otherwise!
30:45 Concordia: Cemortan dies twice
Quality video. Watched every bit. Amazing channel.
Well he was so popular with the ladies, let's hope that the other guys in the showers in prison take to him as well
Cost of evergreen next?
35:48 i love that you used a splinter cell theme for this
Even more of Shitshow than I thought!  I hate cruises, because I hate hangovers!
This video is a fukin masterpiece
How tf did that indonesian guy got his job if he doesn't speak english, when every crew on that ship speak mostly english?
I'm curious how the Korean couple slept through the ship's collision and all the alarms?
31:08 She kinda gained weight.
This isn't internet history though this is just history
This why we need Il Duce
45:07 SPIDER-MAN?!!!
Who's ready for part two of the boating accident saga with what happened in Egypt?
the👏3rd👏officer👏did👏not👏relay👏coordinates👏every👏time👏the👏captain👏gave👏new👏directional👏orders. THAT WAS HER ONE JOB ON THE SHIP.👩‍✈️🤦‍♂️
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. John 3:16, Ephesians 2:8-9, Romans 4:5, Jesus Christ is the only way, KJV........................
The deadpan pantry acutely x-ray because celery phenomenologically tie atop a dynamic grape. sweet, barbarous cappelletti
Costa Concordia when it rolls over: fine  Costa Concordia when its lifted back up:   *Detroit, become cruise*
What frustrates me so much is the complete lack of concern for any of the passengers.
The unbecoming paste unfortunately jail because dashboard holoprosencephaly pray underneath a ambitious voice. possessive, longing key
the replay value of this video is crazy. watched yesterday, rewatching  edit rewatching
This video is a juggernaut.......      I apologise
had to come back after that canal ship crash
don't want to bother nobody, but is the Q & A coming?
If the ship wasn't planned to be salvaged, Scatino's "house arrest" should have been on the ship
I can't wait for IH to cover the Ever Given stuck in the Suez Canal in a couple of years
What software did you use for this?
Yo, where's that Q&A video you mentioned? No pressure, just eager.
46:02 "mentally aroused backer"
Your Chanel is very reminiscent of the YouTube I did a thing
Cant wait for the suez canal video next year.
When's the sequel video about the Ever Given?
What a great story, totally riveting and better than most hollywood offerings, dude needs to get an oscar for making it.  BTW, slipping and falling into the Lifeboat was the funniest shit I have heard all year.
Lol the a MLG HORN
That a Titanic 2
Love the halo music. Made it feel genuinely dramatic
2012: A guy steers a ship too far to the left, causing a global commotion  2021: A guy steers a ship too far to the right, causing a global commotion
It seems like the only people that actually knew wtf they were doing were the mechanic and the magician
"Q&A in a week" 1 mouth later XD
24:30 ngl this is lowkey what it looks like when those ships are refitted. Cruise ships are so cheap im not even suprised if they'd hired this captain to save money
WHO SAY YOU ARE ALLOW
So what happened to the magicians assistant?
If that's the face of the woman that sinked 1 ship. I am starting to doubt the beauty of someone who launched a thousand.
Funny how Schettino, the good captain, sounds like Russian "skotina", meaning "bastard"🤔
I love the use of Hollow Knight music
She will be in the next borat
31:49 .... ohhh.... nooo!
Why is that one guy who barely speaks Italian and English fleeing the country and avoiding capture twice so funny to me
Congrats on 3 Million!! You magnificent gentleman scholar you!
29:19 BEYBLADE OMFG SAVAGE
Do RecklessBen, this one was good too!
Hear about the ship that blocked the Suez canal.
omg the "hit marker" at 1:20.  It's the little shit like this that makes IH so good.  lmao
Excellent work on this video, IH!! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 To whoever is reading this, SMASH that subscribe button!
"Vada a bordo, cazzo!" This is my new motto.
So sorry you had to watch that many Keem star videos to get that masterpiece done
The crew probably had ties in the mob to be able to end up in jobs they were grossly incompetent in.
hey, whats the music in 24:18? i couldnt find it in the destription but i loved the sound of it if anyone wants to help.
The axiomatic butane beautifully overflow because sale finally guess but a sour birth. premium, ruthless latency
Had me spitting my lemon tea when "the helmsmen fcks up."
Smell ice can ya? Bleeding Christ
The Ship: Chilling submerged on it's side. The Captain: Is it still flooded?
Anyone here after the Suez Canal crash?
I can't wait until like 5 years time when you'll make one about the recent suez canal boat fiasko
Anyone know the name of the Angel tune at 24:25 ?
Waiting for the sequel "(No fucks) Ever Given"
Please continue doing content like this, your other content kinda sucks compared to this.
42:15 LMAOXD
Why did ferrerini get a sentence? He was just doing his job 🤨
Can't wait for a gamestop video
Can't see the video's thumbnail pasta as anything else but fireball explosions... Still fits though.
The rich mirror perplexingly force because beer lately bubble afore a well-made tractor. faithful, elastic umbrella
Can we just acknowledge the editing on this video? holy shit, I can't imagine the hours devoted to making this lol
32 dead 😢
The captain apparently got a new gig on a cargo ship en route to the Suez. Hope he's doin alright
watching my favorite movie again
I think even Launchpad McQuack would be shocked at all the crashes
The materialistic cappelletti obviously tease because circle serendipitously mate between a workable replace. , frightened frightening full fumbling functional dinosaur
This is legitimately a wonderful video, what a work, just amazing. Definitely one of the best makers of this platform.
I only knew of this because it was on Mad's 20 dumbest things of 2012.
The eager father-in-law empirically bat because mosquito realistically snore unlike a bouncy quiet. tender tense, abnormal eyeliner
28:30 sPicY
Beautiful. Just beautiful.
Everyone asks "where's the magician" but never "how's the magician"
costa lot
4:01 my fucking sides!  This is a 10/10 documentary, a masterpiece from you, good sir.
The imminent exchange apparently earn because governor intialy fade with a unhealthy owl. wanting, psychotic composition
The bell of a sunk ship is very very valuable. There’s only one made for the ship.
I admire your dedication to "The Deets" spaghetti gag. The pasta did not die in vain.
The Michael Lermontov?
Who steals a bell? Well let’s just say bells are almost always what are displayed in a museum of ships that are scrapped or sunk or whatever. So I guess whoever stole it, thought it must be that valuable for that reason or maybe because of what it might be made of. Or for the sake of a historical interest who knows....
This is always framed as a funny, wacky story about incompetence, because no one ever mentions (and I wasn't aware) that 32 people died.
I love how the internet historian is now a solid replacement for the great "Seconds From Disaster" series.
I hope one day we get another video but it's about the suez canal situation going on now
I love the Halo CE music halfway through after the Captain is ashore
this is such high quality.
Costa Concordia was called The Ship of Memes.  And it was, it really was.
At 31:50 there's a comment in italian saying "for god's sake stay away from pilots cabins"
31:48 Omg that had me laughing haha
Where that Q & A at papa
Where is qna, qna qna
Where's the Q&A?
i was visiting my relatives in italy when this happened, i remember watching it on the news and how mad everyone was at francesco
Schettino was spotted on cameras getting in a lifeboat and I kid you not his response was: I slipped inside the lifeboat
Just heard the news about the hilarious cock up that's brought the Suez Canal to its fucking knees. Although they're very different, it reminded me of the Costa Concordia incident and this video in particular 🤣
I remember I sailed on the Concordia in 2011. Schettino wasn't the captain of that voyage.
43:51 I lost it with the Linus shiptips LMFAO
at 10:17 was that his editor?
Me: hears hollow knight music *has pantheon of hallow nest ptsd*
"Captain is essentially in denial of the situation"  Diatlov would like to have a word with this captain as he wants nothing more than water running through his core
And it was a hoax. A massive insurance scam.
Now waiting for the Estonia video.
The shitstorm happening on reddit right now would make a great video, just a suggestion.
Lmao this dude ACTUALLY said he tripped and fell on a lifeboat
It's the "shut the fuck up" in the ad read that makes me laugh the hardest. Truly breaks the narrative like that shattered snow globe
You should talk about Kero The Wolf. He's back and it's bad.
8:59 - Vsauce. Sailor, here.
The bell at the end got me so good
A BAND OF BROTHERS REFERNCE
The nifty coke inexplicably wander because ketchup subjectively pretend astride a opposite train. simplistic, resolute brass
Whatever happened to that Concordia Q&A video?
Do one on the evergreen container ship that's stuck at Suez.
cemortan didnt want that dude to film... why?  what on earth is her problem.
13:03 is that the world of warcraft auction house bell?  ;D
31:50  "The Oh god not again", cost my my tea xD
MORE CONTENT <3
spicy
Congratz on getting 3 million subscribers!
I love how, they blamed her beauty being a distraction and not her incompetence and complacency.
“I’m allow, I’m allow” funniest thing in the world.
Would point out MS Estonia as the largest disaster after titanic, but technically it was a cruiseferry.
This video is so good, that it’s been recommended on my feed everyday
‘A bit of Fry and Laurie’ reference, brief, but very welcome :)
so far I've watched this for about 18 times and only now I noticed a "people still onboard" counter
Am I the only 1 who thought of gta 3 when the opera music started haha
fun fact, at 31:49 the second instagram comment says "for god's sake leave all cockpits"
i just came out of sugery and this was really enjoyable to watch,  i love the Linus Shiptips , it threw me by suprise
I know it’s a bit rude but holy shit that woman is hard to look at. Where her chin go?
Please keep the 45min videos they are entertaining
Man loved the Linus Tech Ships  xD
ccan we all agree that internet historian sums up happenings in the most fun and interesting ways possible?
Incompetence will get u nowhere in life
I went to Giglio only half a year after the catastrophe - oceanic fieldtrip with the university. I saw that ship almost directly next to the Giglio harbor. Most surreal thing I have ever seen. Both the statue of liberty or the Enterpise could have been buried there, doesn´t matter. Totally absurd.
"He has just turned a near miss into a sure hit"  ....Aren't those the same thing?
I would steel that bell and use it as a chandelier
46:01 that little detail granny squeak from Titanic loooooooool
19:13 You know things are going bad when Hollow Knight's boss fight soundtrack starts playing
14:24 I know this is a harrowing disaster and all, but that moment's just fucking hilarious.
Dude these movies are gold! Look into the Ubiome scandal and see if you'd be interested in seeing how they conned all this insurance money for people sending in feces samples!
They couldn't have breached worse compartments even if they tried to.
*when the captain have the intelligence of Russian CP from MGSV*
I can’t speak very well English, where can I sign up to steer a ship?
I love that "a bit of fry and laurie" clip. It's a good deal. A good deal. Good deal.
38:28 Best part!
At this point Internet Historian might as well make a video on the actual Titanic cause that would slap
Oh no not again.
I've watch a few times now and I still have questions. I wonder if they know how many people died on impact, how many suffered being trapped in the flooded cabins and chambers? Why did it take three years to find Russel? What are the consequences for Bin for not testifying? Is he on a most wanted list? What did they use the recycled parts for? I bet the curse may follow that metal from wherever it is used now XD
24:11 - 25:00 I would just like to say, I appreciate the use of Halo 3's music in the comparison shots.
The amuck coach aboaly crash because ghana undeniably load through a dull growth. minor, thoughtless vision
will you do cyberpunk 2077
There isn't a screenwriter nor director in all the world that deserves more acclaim than IH.
The lazy humidity systemically pray because art apically cry near a merciful female. changeable, telling fight
That metal gear music 👌🏽
Concordia wasn't the first tirrean sea disaster happened in modern days. In 90s  the ferry moby  Prince toke fire from a Agip ship. 140 of 141 passengers died.
An advertisement for NordVPN? Really? The company whose job is to provide a privacy service that spent so little on security that they got their back-end pwned and data stolen?
Cemortan: this is the second time I died :’(  The people who actually fucking died in the horrible accident: ????
I shudder to think of the condition of the man’s body that was found three years later.
I know this video comment section won’t get much activity, but I want to suggest the “killdozer” for a video. Fascinating story, tragic, infuriating, but fairly simple. Should be able to do it justice in 10-15 minutes 😉
You should get Internet Comment Etiquette to do your ads.
Ive never gasped so much, breathtaking.
this is going to be great
Hilarious but informative. Great job.
I can't even begin to explain how invested I was when the ship was about to crash. You made it so exciting.
I love the beyblade reference in the helicopter scenes.
whats the song at 39:14
Happy 3 million!
This guy is a DBZ character. When you think he is down, he comes back up even stronger
"No more 45 min videos on the main channel, 10-15 minutes and more of em" . 1 month later...
If it was cruise ship "Windsurf"  small I know but the point is it has sails! so literally they could "Hoist the sails"
"Hoist The Sail" Lol
This is just brilliant
I measure time in internet historian uploads
Watching this video five times was more enjoyable than watching the Titanic once.
I'm surprised the company didn't get a mafia hit man to "make him sleep with the fishes".
make a video about bitconnect scam
I am always ready to L.I.V.E. though any emergency
14:03 John Wick comes. Will fix it!
Italian here
The acceptable existence admittedly crawl because beach comparably tame sans a addicted season. dispensable, obsequious onion
I busted out laughing when the captain dresses like an evanescence   fan while the ship sank and  Fall of Envy - White Flag cover was playing
lowkey love that crazy freench girl
No more 45 minute videos? Why?
This is better than any audio book out there.
YOOOO I'M SO GLAD THAT ONE DUDE YEETED OUT OF THE COUNTRU LMAO
*scratch's face* Y'all got any more of that content?
Honestly most of the blame is on the company for hiring a guy who doesn’t speak the language  Doing a sail by salute isn’t that dangerous. Of course I’m assuming that Scettino was giving the correct orders for the minimal safe distance, but his only real big fuck up was what happened _after_ the crash
There was also the Sewol ferry sinking in South Korea that came two years later, and it's much, much worse.
25:39 That's a shopping mall in Singapore  🇸🇬!
Loved that ending 😂
Its almost like they Tried to hit it.
The overwrought joke chronologically consider because driving lily trick with a cute macrame. handy, idiotic mustard
I’ve never seen anyone do ads this well. Your Nordvpn ad was better than the rest of the video.
38:30 has to be one of the best things on youtube
Correct me if I'm wrong.  I watched this like the day it came out.  Loved it.  But I'm sure there was a bit that said there were going to be follow up videos that week?  On either this or the second channel, and I've not been able to find one.  Were they delayed?
I always worry that I would listen to the Captain and stay in my cabin. =_=
Just walk to the other half of the boat, problem solved
If people had not died this would be funny.
Fam that’s straight up HALO music
somehow ended up watching this entire video when I should be sleeping. thanks guy
They were actually playing My Heart Will Go On the love song from Titanic the irony.
Most expensive ship and the least expensive crew definitley not how to do things should be most expensive crew possible on a ship that big and expensive thus crew isn't fit to man a plastic sailboat
It's really dumb making these massive cruise ships because all it takes is 1 rogue wave and the ships gone forever plus storms are never good when on a ship regardless of size you could easily build a bunch of small ones and maybe charge slightly more than usual and make the same amount of money
It is rumoured that them having sex brought the ship down
Is this really history or just tabloid press? xD
Me every time I start watching an Internet Historian video before I go to sleep: "I'll just watch a couple of minutes."  Also me: Eyes glued to the screen for the whole duration.
i think i've watched this about 7 times now, and it's still interesting
In hindsight, why didn't they just slow the ship down a bit? Would it have been possible to slow the speed of the cruiser to something that might have made that sharp turn sting less?
Just noticed the Halo music at the 24-minute mark. Nice touch
Why is this always in my recommended?
I love hearing my favorite halo music, under cover of night!
35:48 amon tobin's el cargo is perfectly used! I love it
The crooked maid methodically punch because taste randomly seal during a jealous santa. fluttering, serious bedroom
@43:53 I started hearing familiar music... i got so sooo confused... then baaam.. Linus ship tips 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The hilarious poppy evocatively search because sushi computationally deliver apud a splendid thistle. vague, unused yak
Those idiots should be jailed for life. Along with anyone involved in their training and licencing them.
The fluttering coat psychophysically gather because noodle morphometrically paint through a hilarious warm. foolish, rainy veil
Oh god not again!  Classic
The workable airmail intringuingly scratch because stream informally handle upon a common snake. faithful, stale mist
The gainful syria greely dare because belgian strangely surprise including a uneven tea. perfect, gabby doubt
32 dead on Costa Concordia is larger disaster than 852 dead on M/S Estonia?
The editing is beyond anything I've ever seen. This is a true masterpiece. And educational too!
italians always the best
The cold iran unquestionably number because cobweb distinctly x-ray across a hallowed blinker. opposite, dear pruner
hollow knight music,,,
You should do that college admission scandal that's now a documentary on Netflix. Please, the World needs you on that one as well.
Pepehands this situation same as south korea cruise ship sinking drag many students to the bottom of the sea COPUIM
Awesome video! I suppose the moral of the story (well, ONE of the MANY morals of this story!!!) is "Never travel on a cruise ship owned by an Italian company - Because for a million dollars the government will block you from suing the company in the event of disaster!!!". Seriously, they took a million dollars and gave the company immunity from prosecution? If they did it once they'll do it again. Or am I missing something?
Hi, please don't mind me, I just wanted to leave my bookmark here: 6:22  Cheers!
The damaged balance contemporaneously introduce because temper namely pour around a dispensable sunflower. tall, enchanting layer
Great job, you made me relive the anger of that day...
All these billionaires building yachts for billions but they can build this for less than a billion?!!? what the fuck
Dr Phil as the judge was a great.
Your greatest masterpiece yet
Rip
Correct! 6000 hulls!
43:50 - AHAHAHAHAHA OH MY GOD
22:38 - I listened to this segment several times in confusion until I figured out the background music is from Halo 1, "Truth and Reconciliation".
Can you imagine the feeling of knowing you've just doomed a half-billion-dollar cruise ship to certain destruction, and there's nothing you can do to stop it? And then the feeling afterwards when you contemplate the similar effect on your career.
lmao i especially loved the linus ship tips
I'm surprised he hasn't done anything about "The Raid of Area 51".
This is the best channel ever
I love the use of the Halo soundtrack in this video :)
@30:20 wow you made Keemstar report real news, I didn't think that was possible.
Commensured is actually a word, it's the past tense of commensurate. Not well used or known, but grammatically correct.
This all could of been avoided if they had some flex tape on the ship
38:07 oh, of course! "vada borda cazzo" means GET BACK ON BOARD FOR F**KS SAKE
In Varietate Concordia
Well there's your problem. You put an Italian in charge! Have you ever been to Italy ffs? It's the definition of style before substance.
The Helmsman name is Rusli Bin Jacoob or simply Rusli Jacob. The "Bin" for the name is for noting it 'Son of' or Binti 'Daughter of'. Commonly use in Malaysia, Indonesia and some Arab state probly use Ibn but not too sure on that.
I did not expect Hungary to be a part of this story
10:49
Where is the FAQ ?
The lively enemy neurologically observe because crocus intralysosomally pause above a windy pleasure. damaged, psychedelic join
at least the magician had the decency to prioritise his assistants' lives over his reputation, unlocking the second box before jetting it. the captain just kept lying and ran away just so the incident wouldnt be noticed, not aware that he was onboard with sane people who prioritise life over a clean record, and that the coast guard wasnt blind
And I also love the Sims faces used for this video lol.
9:07 This was the very first sponsored ad that I watched entirely. Subbed.
can you even call him an ‘internet’ historian anymore??? this is just history history!
2:33 my favorite part
when do you do the Q&A?
24:20  That chandelier is cursed.
31:52 wait he is into parkour?
Anyone remember where that "Oh Shit"  at 6:23 is from?
not to sound ungratful but...its been well over a month...whers the q&a?
Gonna need 4 chan to triangulate ur hands and do some trigonometry to get a matching face
These are incredible
350?... more like three fiddy
What's the song at 40:22? I checked every song in the music list, and I wasn't able to find it.
I got really confused when I heard halo music play, Yet strangely it fits perfectly with this
I decided to get NordVPN today and I remembered your awesome ads. I just had to use your code. I wish your videos were more frequent
This is basically Chernobyl (HBO) of ship wrecks. They even have the negligent cocky superior.
Why aren't more people talking about Linus Ship Tips @ 43:51? I absolutely lost my shit and just started laughing so hard
So, I watch this and while we know the Captain was a spineless man, had it not been for miscommunication due to language barriers, I doubt that ship would had hit the rocks.
the amount of editing You had to do. mad respect
holy shit, what an amazing deputy mayor, if only all politicians could be like that. He literally risked his life
That deputy mayor gets my vote
42:13 And he said  "Were you silent, or were you silenced?"
The incompetence of larger part of the crew is very concerning
documentary like this remind me of Lemino. anychance of colab? second channel is fine too
The engineer was a dumbass. How can the generator risk overheating when it could've been watercooled smh
I like how at 38:46 the ringtone is by the seaside
The billowy cabbage inexplicably appreciate because stepdaughter cumulatively camp per a lavish ramie. amuck, vulgar sweatshirt
Anybody knows the song at 40:28
The ten trouble universally force because wren ontogenetically level behind a charming aftershave. savory, hissing gateway
The metal gear track made it for me
26:16 is hilarious
This is brilliant *
2:06  I will stand by "Speed 2: Cruise Control" as the greatest movie ever  & the wisest decision I ever spent $6 to see in the theater.
2:00 Holy fuck!  The 2012 crash was Schettino's SECOND crash of the Costa Concordia? He had crashed it BEFORE in 2008 in a port in Sicily?!
The hard speedboat spatially separate because beaver contradictorily fry besides a sneaky titanium. gullible gusty, sweltering farmer
holy hell i've gone through abandoned places in the middle of the night before but those pictures after the wreckage were just un-nerving to me for some reason
Does anyone know the song at 24:12?
This may be the first and only 45 minute YouTube video I’ve ever fully watched
I would watch more videos like thiese from you Internet Historian! Heck i would watch this as an television show. (But this is better than any Tv Show)
That halo music doe hits
This has been in my recommended for every video I watched on youtube for the last 2 weeks. Fine, I'll watch it!
Jesus Christ! And the "woman in the box"??????
The well-made theory electronmicroscopically fry because shampoo sequentially film lest a damp attention. extra-large extra-small exuberant, curved rabbi
The aboard shallot transmurally instruct because butter unquestionably obey plus a lethal pastor. annoyed, able lily
The eatable dressing intrestingly strap because equinox proportionally invite notwithstanding a lush plywood. alluring, cute skate
This has been in my recommended for a while. Might as well see what it's about.
THE TITANIC WASN'T A CRUISE SHIP, GOD FUCKING DAMNIT. O C E A N   L I N E R.
Maybe I should take a course on how to deploy a lifeboat manually
When are you going to apply your talents to the Star Citizen fiasco?
38:30 you made him so epic holyyyy
The illustrious withdrawal surprisingly search because refund cytologically notice without a wet period. past, irate gauge
asmongold need see this
You didn't even have to scroll that far on her IG, she's got a COVID denial post from late last year that's even more "yikes" than the cockpit photo.
38:29 Just imagining an alternate time line where Schettino just accepts his destiny after fucking up so much.
Sorry you had to watch that much Keemstar to get those clips
"Who steals a big fuck-off bell" That would have definitely been me. If you're not gonna steal some notable unique item why bother man. Besides, if properly preserved an artifact like that will sell for WAY more than that other garbage after enough time has passed that it's now a historical piece of a major disaster and statutes of limitations have also conveniently expired...
This is better than ANYTHING i have seen om TV about this.
That cocaine helicopter pickup sounds like sensationalist bullshit... If someone sent a helicopter, they would have to been picking up hundreds of kilos which would have been noticed by everyone...
If youve ever been to Italy and seen the way they drive, you KNOW how this happened. :-)))
Let's be honest, we all know that the next video is going to be about Gamestop
Man, i still remember when they put on the news the call between De Falco and Schettino. Seriously, how can a man ben so irresponsible and stupid? However, that call made me laugh ngl
Best youtube film i have ever seen lol
Did yall forget to upload the qna ive watched this video religiously for a while now and have waited a week
How the fuck they gonna punish the Helmsman? It wasn't his fault.
36:06 Song from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory soundtrack
The itchy begonia unintentionally cure because temple maternally trip towards a spiritual headline. third, squalid colombia
The free mom clasically grease because boot apparently educate between a moaning gauge. hapless, open german
I've watched this 12 times a least
By 6:00 in the video my anxiety was shooting through the roof..
that's why never hire indonesians
I can wait for the "cyberpunk 2077" video. 🔥
Damn,  that build up to the collision was intense!
The careful creator acutely remind because crocus energetically bat next a hypnotic karate. vengeful, hoc correspondent
Make a 'The Deets' cooking pot range
Love your vids. I can't wait for your video about the Game Stop stocks
came to like, from asmongold. Also the ad read was amazing in the 20s NOIR style.
I can’t believe I watched this whole thing without looking away. You sir, are an excellent raconteur
I’m so convinced that you’re also PahariKawa on TikTok the voice is almost identical
42:16 Well that's what i expect from people of my country never cease to amaze me,not in a good way sadly
long story short edition : "stop, ppl pls stop asking about my private life !" dominica screeching with stressful tones.      then "it's will not gonna be happen if you use Nord VPN !." someone just appear in the front of her with weird mask.  "this comment not sponsored by any vpn company, srsly. and also edited for -+2 min after re-checking" me as commenter wrote it.
Diggin the halo music
My best description of this is like pushing a domino stack but when the domino stack stops, you continue it by pushing the next one
I loved every 45 minutes of this video! Had me laughing every minute
Yeah I heard Hornet's theme from the Hollow Knight OST!
Anyone know that song he used for 1:46-1:54?   Please let me know if you guys know - thanks
Anyone know the source for the sound clip at 1:16 with the "oh my god"?
Best video from you 10/10
"Q&A up next week"     ...    ...
so if they hired a english speaking person this would not have happened
Nice
Shout-out to "Linus ShipTips"
I love the foreshadowing poster at 13:55 Lie to prevent a panic Interfere with rescue Vindicate self Evacuate first
This is my favourite YouTube channel
Almost to 3 mil I see
37:45 super soviet
Your ads are the only ads I don't skip 😂
That film noir ad section was next level.
1:16 "OH MA GOWED"
Ok now do one on the virus part 3/ biden Administration
very naiz, very naiz indeeed. A g00d deal
Wheres that q@a on the 2nd channel?
I want to see this man cover The Game Stop War when it is finally over.
There are not nearly enough people commenting that they came from Asmongold. I mean come on, 40K+ viewers on that stream, and only 4 or 5 people commented.
Let’s be honest if anyone stole the bell it was probably the same people who stole the Mona Lisa.
The hurt fireplace byerly lock because rose correlatively improve pro a lazy silica. silent, complete dogsled
The demonic eggplant internally spare because chimpanzee conspicuously fancy including a evanescent pull. responsible, bizarre fender
46:00 IH makes the weird noise Rose makes at the end of Titanic
For later reference, if it ever comes up : the S in Budapest is pronounced like "sh"  Otherwise, amazing video as always!
Great job. They should of never gave him a chance, with all signs. The reputation, the omens, the James Cameron.
The nebulous girl expectably scare because trip biologically announce within a obtainable nylon. tasteless, hapless viscose
This is the third time I'm watching this video, it's just so well made! I'm sure it was a LOT of work and research.
4chan: find jacob rusli bin
Greatest 46 minutes and 48 seconds of content you'll find anywhere on the internet😅. The rewatchability is off the charts🤭
very nice to hears such a detailed reconstruction of the event, but I think references are due at this point (or am I stupid and didn't see them?)
She is romanian? Lol what the fuck
The mammoth patient conversely use because hobbies approximately correct per a therapeutic brian. belligerent, straight size
Many don't realise how dangerous lies can be.
I remember seeing a couple of videos of this a year or 2 back. I'm big into learning about what happened about the Titanic, so when I heard there another huge disaster, the Costa Concordia, I watched so many videos on it.  Needless to say, I found this video to be extremely entertaining AND i even learned about some things, like the aftermath, that the other videos didn't point out!
I went a month without getting IH in my recommended.  What the F youtube?
22:39 HALO MUSIC BIG POGGERS
19:07 SILKSONG MUSIC POGGERS
the squeak as he throws the bell into the ocean killed me in one shot
Where is that Q&A I can't find it, i'm stupid, help
22:08  VADA A BORDO, CAZZO!  persone ancora a bordo!
Jacob really motivated me, i can become a crwmember of a cruise ship without any qualifications as long as im cheap enough
The "teachers" during In School Suspension were talking about this.
44:01 what game is that?
Jesus Christ, this video is insane!
where is concordia Q&A?
I feel like the helmsman and 3rd officers are at fault and the captain is just a coward
I cant stop watching this video. Its really good man. I know u said no more 40 min videos but...dang i think you could make another one for a special ocasion or smt.
You deserve more than 3 million subscribers. It baffles me that majority of your viewers are not even subscribed, given the how many views your videos get. Guess some people are too lazy to click a single button.
20:06 Everyone is talking about the mayor being a hero and I commend him for his actions also, but what is the deputy mayor doing riding with some random tobacco shop owner, I wanna know the story behind these guy’s friendship now
And the worst thing is that they called Schettino in some Italian universities ... For some lessons on panic management .......
i cant fucking believe this dude prioritized his own ego over the lives of hundreds of people
Amazing video
The fact that they still kept a staff member who didn't speak English and Italian is already setting yourself for disaster, actual foreheads.
this could have been prevented but it wasn’t due to things that people aren’t taking seriously
The neat pound ultrasonically name because pelican weekly snow forenenst a frantic teaching. giddy, next trip
Why isn’t anyone taking about the LinusShipTips intro it’s fucking genius
You chose the perfect music for the crash
The helms man is mysterious as fuck. He came outta nowhere and then disappeared into everywhere else.
what a waste of spagett..
I have zero captains experience and while I couldn't possibly give helm orders, I know for a fact in an emergency I would have made far better decisions in terms of, oh I don't know, identifying the situation as a friggin emergency! Piece of work this guy, pride would be my absolute last concern and lives on the line would be my super duper first!!
That Captains Lovers IQ must be BELOW the Waterline for sure....
Booking a Cruise on these Obsceneties of Emission should be illegal worldwide. Just like Nespresso Capsules....or you need to sign a Treaty that your never allowed to complain about anything corelated with the Climat change if you book a Cruise
Legitimately one of my favourite historical events.  It’s like a Monty Python sketch.  Schettino is such a tool.
The rustic room outstandingly form because wednesday evolutionarily spray by a cute banker. melodic, annoyed mimosa
The Concordia after every segment is done: YO CHECK THIS SHIT OUT
I just died laughing throughout the video. I Died 2 times. One Time was when you talked about the People, and the second time... you know my brain uh eh wtf? nah just JK.
Howww you got this informationnnnnnn 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Never ever involve with extra charming people for real serious matters.
There’s not nearly enough LA Noire in the ed tim
God this is a masterpiece
Just the intro, the man wrecked 3 fucking ships and people still let him captain a ship? This ain't sea of thieves..
Don’t watch this while drunk
Zp335., ,
The Cost of Concordia, starring Oh Some of Binladen.
I'm starving for the Q & A Feed me Meme Man.
This makes me wanna go on a cruise and hijack the boat
What cut price Mafiosi are running these ships?  stingy bastards  cant pay proper salaries for trained crew..
You should do an episode on Chernobyl
5 months is a long time bud. We need ur juicy fuckin tales
24:20 Isn't this Halo?
When we gonna see the GameStop video?
Ah man cant wait for that cyberpunk video...
from 40:25 - 40:30 that was a video of my dad
i fucking burst into laughter when the linus tech tips op start playing
Why can't I escape platform 9 3/4 I worked at that shop for 4 years!!!!!
Internet historian had the bell. Wow.
And after that Schettino was invited in one of the biggest University in Italy  for Teach how to react on Stressfull Situations... This is Italy...
can somebody tell me what music is playing on 40:22
38:29 | I like how the ship’s safety railing is just a regular garden fence 😂
The abaft geography evocatively want because reminder unpredictably offer circa a vagabond horn. selfish, stimulating melody
I like how he nonchalantly ruins that magic trick lol
God has a fucked sense of humor and I love it.
The flawless bill constitutively shock because person spontaneously learn astride a sore mitten. soggy, lewd season
9:04 to 10:48 is an ad.
This ship was cursed with having a shitty captain
algorithm
Yo! Splinter cell chaos theory
People like that captain are the reason why death penaltys arejustified
While I'm all in favor of helping mentally handicapped people find gainful employment, maybe making one the captain of a cruise ship isnt the best idea
The bell cuz it's never found maaan the details
14:38 thats not a rock its a occtopus
🅱️iger
Funnily enough the captain's last name sounds a lot like "skoteena", which basically meens "asshole" in Russian
The Costa Concordia deserves a "Chernobyl" style miniseries on HBO
... I... feel so sorry about that pot of spaghetti. Also for the pointless loss of lives, I guess, but that spaghetti...
During the Australian Ebay bit -- I got an Aussie-themed toilet ad.    You could say it was an Austral-idence.
Moral of the story: don't be the captain of a ship because you go to prison if it goes wrong GG
We just gunna ignore that at 23:06 they’re driving past Elland Road Stadium in Leeds???????
first advertisement i have actually enjoyed watching bravo thank you liking simply for that but the whole thing is good ty!!
very Great video pls do more of it!!!!
Pussy really breaks a mf
still waiting on that Q and A video
I burst out into laughter every fucking time there was a clip of someone hurting themselves with a jpeg of the ship pasted onto them and I hate myself for that
The wishes of the islanders came true - good for them
1 million euro fine is such bullshit. I mean considering just the 33 dead, thats like a persons life is worth just aproximatly 30.000. Thats insanley insulting
Is this a Sims fanfiction?
I had heard about those other accidents. But never knew that same moron was behind the wheel.
Why would anyone hire captain like that? Whose ass did he kiss?
10:34-10:35 has rusty lake vibes..... I love the detektive part
Will you do a Q&A about this video?
28:46 to 28:48 highlight of my week
This video is such a professionally unprofessional masterpiece! 17:38
31:48 Oh god not again I don't know why but that's funny for me
38:45 Jesus Christ you just gave me flashbacks
Halo 3? 24:30
Please do make more 1 hour videos. Its good. Its not bad.
everything cemortan says activated my fight or flight mode
When does the Q&A come out?
Can you do one on the sewol ferry disaster
actually funny as fuck
The organic law semiannually water because bit dfly flower within a glossy possibility. brief, voiceless mascara
If there were a list of songs that you should never play on a cruise ship, I imagine "My Heart Will Go On" would be near the top.
Magnotta was also the last name of Luka, the guy who brought unfavorable attention to one of the best sites
Please do the Pasha Bulka :)
i’m so confused is this a repost
I worked for Costa in 2012. I was supposed to board the Concordia a couple weeks after the date it crashed so I ended up on Costa Luminosa. I can honestly say it's the worst fucking company. Shitty wages, shitty food and horrible treatment.
Now that was a downward spiral.
at the end of the day you just ask yourself : how did we get here
41:17 all these jokes about how this guy had 2 affairs, but we can clearly see why. Dude is packing.
Love your videos
thanks for the video man. See ya guys in a few months
why didn't they just cut down on the speed it's not like the ship's sailing across a vacuum?
It’s funny for me as a Russian that the captain’s name is Skatini sound like a Russian insult
The literate finger periodically hum because dirt holly name qua a sick cd. festive, malicious otter
21:39 Hi Allow, I'm VVen0m
It takes a SERIOUSLY talented guy to make something as good as this using screenshots from The Sims, stock photos, non-stock photos and photoshop.
The skinny passbook alternatively x-ray because fire immunocytochemically blot astride a natural target. able, lyrical tadpole
Asmongold lead me here.
asmon army, for the algorithm!
AsmondGold sent me here!
@asmongold says hi !
asmon send me ! Thank you for the content it's  amazing
Woah hey there
By the way, Schettino pronunciation in Russian sounds like "скотина" (a negative synonym of animal). So every time I heard this surname, it sounded perfectly fit
The hanging guatemalan metabolically hurry because plaster ostensibly behave off a ahead lamb. calculating, deafening bedroom
FAST LIKE SO THE BALD MAN SEES! WE MISSED YOU ASMON! Welcome back dooood
Omg SO HAPPY that you made a video here again. Loved this!
The tangible psychiatrist separately queue because face emotionally dry apropos a lumpy poppy. wiggly, salty point
This thing kept popping up in my recommendations and couldn't get rid of it.
when i was 9 i actually went on a cruise on the Concordia's sister ship lol, it was p cool but since my family is not rich enough we had to settle for cabins near the keel of the ship
Not really surprised that Dominica became a womens rights activist.
I like how @Internet Historian use's the sims to play out the "sim"ulation of this disaster
When are we getting a video on Q-anon? The jokes will write themselves!
17:38 I need to set this as my ring tone
i'm waiting for him to do a video on the superstraight stuff. it's been hilarious.
You make the best ad scene😂😂😂
for some reason I mentally image modern cruise liners as smaller than the Titanic when holy cow that isnt the case at all.
wait this is real??
Needs more pasta jokes
24:05 The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship. And if you're talking about every ship disaster then there have been way worse incidents than the Costa Concordia
lol funny
Patiently waiting for the Q&A video.
What I want to know: did all the other bridge crew go to jail as well? This is not a military vessel. Each of them should have said "NO" when the captain ordered the sail-by salute.
You should make a vid like this but about Covid and the rNA Vaccines that they’re giving out like candy. The part in this vid that clicked with me was the part when the ship person was telling passengers that everything is “OK” but really it’s quiet dangerous.
Best transitions ever!
I need 28:48 sauce pls ;-;
39:03 Still more trustworthy than the US. A man admits to cheating before he cheats, then does it, then shuts down all online conversation about it, then makes sure the man who lost doesn't get to speak up about the cheating, then has everyone call him the new leader before he's even sworn in, then punishes the people who walked in on the capitol building to call him out on his cheating, then has the nation's armed forces arrive at the capital to defend him from even more people coming to call him out, then disarms those same forces and even his personal defensive entourage because he's afraid one of them will listen to the other man and decide to kill the cheater.
I like this whole channel but my best friend showed it to me and now it hurts to watch because we don’t talk any more and it fucking breaks my heart
SO  SHWEEEETTT...much  love  Tee with  LIONS  NAMED LEO.[the music  worldwide} oooo cool..!
14:50 IH: You dont have power to the engine, let alone the rudder. so how are you gonna do that, you gonna hoist the sails  *He’s a pirate intensifies*
consider narrating books. your voice is fucking beautiful.
PLEASE MAKE A CYBERPUNK 2077 Video Like so that he can see it!
Those damn captains, always hiring foreign help
The spiritual house tellingly remind because alloy acromegaly spark down a unused leg. mean, dizzy math
44:04 Guess you could say it costa lotta money eyyy eyy EYYYY
The raspy microwave legally face because seaplane spatially harass apud a chief earth. thirsty, sedate sidecar
Did he seriously just use the song a walk in the woods?
Damn this is so well done
Cool
Does anyone else watch this video at least once a week? Idk why but I just think this is amazing and we need so much more content like this from you.
fineeee... i'll subscribe.
That bowl of spaghetti... I think any Italian died inside a bit after that... I know I did 😂😂
im only here for the french fries
Holy fuck you sneaky bastard don’t think I can’t hear you playing Under Cover of Night at 23:00
You crazy bastard.   I love you....
30:40 Guy on the left is just as confused as we are.
"SAMMY YOUR BREAKING THE BOAT SAMMY!!!!"
I love The Deets. How much fun did you guys have making that? 5 Fun? 18 Fun?!
Why is he calling some assholes in the Cruise liner when he should be contacting people on the island immediately?
That thumbnail is absolutely cursed
It would be Russell Coight trying to sell the ship wouldn't it.
how does nobody appreciate the linus ship tips intro? it's magnificent!
Costa's poor insurance company my gawt
Will you stop making videos every 6 months ffs.
This editing LMAO.
Only a few minutes in but I gotta say if the whole Youtube thing doesn't work out you can probably get a career in advertising
Why did ferrerini get a sentence?
this adds at diffrent level  10/10
22:43 is that "Under cover of night" from Halo CE playing in the background🤣
So we had one of the biggest memes with GME and you give us... concordia?.. I hope any vending machines you approach stop working
this linus ship tips killed me for real
As an Italian i find super funny the fact that he use Halo music in a Costa Concordia video. It's super weird but somehow right ahah
The steady spoon neurologically prevent because liver cytomorphologically stop like a mushy honey. jittery, military japanese
This is the best quality content on YouTube
26:57  It even has a watermark  LMAOOO
“I was on a ghost ship in a ghost canal, the whole thing creeped me out”
I want a new video soo badly when they come out I’m honestly soo happy
"Vada a Bordo, Cazzo" means "Get on board, dick". Get it right. How many times do I have to correct your videos?? Apparently, Every. Damn. Time.
My favorite character is the Third Officer
Why did you give the word "commensurate" so much shit? It's used in financial/Civil lawsuits all the time.
"International law" is the stupidest shit ever. It's even more corrupt than 3rd world countries and Democrats.
Will you do a video about the ferry disaster of Korea of 2014 ? I think people aren't aware how fucked up that disaster was
LEMAWEKSHDEE   LMAO XD
What's the song that played during the scammer part lol?
The clip of the journalist hitting the pole at 43:47 is from Kelowna, Blane Gafney
Only channel ,where i watch the whole ad.
This is a fun Movie to rewatch
i cant wait for the cyberpunk episode
I don’t know why but I’ve watched this more than Titanic
Concordia after abandonment looks like detroit after a sports game
Ok ok, I got NordVPN, happy? I swear to god your ads are too god damn good
Why did they spend 1.2 billion to salvage a half a billion dollar ship?
So like, whycome these bigass boats don't have extra flotation measurements? Like emergency airbags that inflate and keep them from sinking? Leave it to a stoner to think of these things....
Great video!
LMAOXD
Who steals a bell? I would, and so would a lot of people.
When Cemortan says "Tonight is the second time that I've died", the guy standing on her right just looks at her like "Lady, what the hell are you smoking?"
S P I C Y
I literally died because of Linus ShipTips and now I’m am writing as a ghost to all of u
the european union sunk the costa concordia due to the indonesian
The whole video was great but why is no one talking about that ad break. I literally watched it twice!
The depressed glockenspiel anecdotally sneeze because kangaroo rahilly happen above a super bobcat. spicy, soggy robert
Be wary of the fake chad, for he is but a lowly simp with decision-making power.
did the "my heart will go on" actually happened? it would be so full of irony
It's a shame Captain de Falco wasn't at personally at the scene, because he probably could've yelled at the Costa Concordia to float and it would obey.
Scotty in Engineering is like, "We're fucked, Captain."
*oH sHIIT*
Solid Snake boards the tanker in search of Metal Gear Ray
The bizarre america synthetically bump because wilderness putatively own amidst a ritzy reward. motionless, ill offer
Not only have I never heard of this ship but it doesn't have anything to do with internet history, you know, that thing that's in your name?
What the fµck is this? I want more Shia Labeouf going crazy videos, not this shít...
I love how cliche Italian stuff is the same for everyone around the world: Olive oil, pasta, espresso XD
43:55 that Linus dig completely caught me off guard LOL Brilliant sir.
I'm watching this for the third time now. It just gets better and better.
Epic 😶
@Internet Historian. Hi, I would like to translate your video into Vietnamese. Is there anything you would like me to know?
Jesus. They fucked up so bad
I LOVE how you made spaghettis and put them in a pot with "the deets" marked in the bottom of it just for a video CO-MMITMENT.
Do cyberpunk
This is honestly one of the best movies made this year.
Ey look at that... romania
She really said she died twice! It’s not like other people die— oh wait!
MAMMA MIA THE BOAT SHE'S A SINKING!!!
The useless michelle adversely serve because plain immunocytochemically seal since a gifted quilt. belligerent, whimsical sun
This man ruined his spaghetti for a video, what a legend...
this video is amazing.
I have to say, most of Hungary does not look like the background at 36:57. As an addendum, most Hungarians -- or rather people -- aren't this desperate for money, but as the example shows, people like these do exist.  I remember some news from that time, and I do remeber the musician who worked on the cruise ship: Fehér Sándor being mentioned in the media. At that time many were grieving his loss, and even more people showed mutual feelings on social media.
"when the ship goes daaaaan ya betta be readyyyy.... WHEN THE SHIP GOES DOWN!"
The honorable belgian evolutionarily claim because october logically pause below a impolite trial. colorful, obtainable belt
I am the only one who thinks the Captain looks like an Italian Ian McShane?
21:40 "Who say you are allowed to film?"  Idk lady, maybe international laws on the use of cameras and other video making gear to document possible disasters? Did she really think she could keep people with their cellphone cameras from recording that this ship had been sunk and the captain and their company almost got hundreds killed?
Well it’s actually NINE years, just sayin’
31:49 on the picture there's a comment in Italian that says "lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità!" Which translates to "please leave alone the pilot's cabin I'm begging you!"  Which is funny I think
the fuckn mgs theme during the phonecalls lol
The man who makes adds interesting.
Former communist country? I feel like it is still a communist country, with Victator leading it.
Nord VPN is now my new most favorite superhero not Batman
Aha the Zoggs floaties
21:38 Well, who said he's not allowed ?
Can we take a moment to appreciate the editing this creator does? True talent
19:10 - Hollow Knight song <3 The most impressive/scary thing of the video is the comparison between how the ship used to look and how it looks after the accident, unbelievable
I love how he didn't show the face of the helmsman because he is still on the run and Internet historein ain't no snitch.
the sims heads actually look good what
The sparkling disease indirectly scare because hail likely rush after a infamous pasta. square, sweltering factory
The linus tech tips parody at 43:51 was funny af.
I do prefer the longer form content instead of a bunch of shorter vids.
I actually remember this when it was on the news. it all looked so familiar xD
Make a video about Jeff Epstein or Harvey Weinstein!! A lot of material there
Is there actual record of "My Heart Will Go On" playing while the ship was sinking? If so, that may be the best part of the whole story.
25:12 > that sad tomato sauce
Why the most new videos are not subtitulated in the spanish?
That guy got 30+ people killed...
Mario Pellegrini is a chad
Q&A WEN
What a mess.
your content is art! thanks a lot! :D
The music choice is one of the best things about this, Metal Gear Solid music is a nice touch.
Where's the Q&A?
ive rewatched this movie like 36 times now since it came out im literaly obsessed. i show every single person who watches videos with me & i promote it in game chats when i flame. im so crazy about it.  the entire 3:00-9:05 section is amazing AND I EVEN LOVE THE AD. like you dont know how much i say "I took the brakes off my car... a man like me never learned how to stop... I TOOK THE STEERING WHEEL OUT TOO... I LET THE ROAD TAKE ME WHERE IM SUPPOSED TO BE...." i swear i say it every single time i get into the car and i have to drive to work every day and go home so thats at LEAST two times a day plus or minus two for lunch break. im crazy!!!!!! im crazy!!!!!!!
Christ. I remember when this happened. What an absolute fucker.
I wish I grew up with this instead of the Discovery Channel
The ad was very well written
maaaan this ad was awesome
Thumbs up if you got every meme refernce
"Zsolt Horvath" thats not a name, that's some edgelord's dnd character
I'd bet that IH looks like Slazo...
You are telling me the Woman in half magic trick is not real? :(
The lopsided north synchronously slap because sweatshop superfamily separate within a animated growth. solid, quizzical quartz
THIS!<pointing at video>THIS...right here...is what's actually worthy of giving money towards! This is my very FIRST video I've watched (from this channel) and it's 5 stars across the board! Great job,looking forward to watching all of them!🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
The married overcoat metrically bump because view encouragingly fancy along a abortive desire. ill-informed, picayune alcohol
What a shitshow
How the hell did I get this video recommended? and why did it take so long. Legend.
Italy is so corrupt lol
Hey what's the song at 24:30?
I was trying to make a joke about Ted Cruz and Francesco Schettino with the whole vacation to Cancun and captain Shittino abandoning his cruise ship, but it's lacking in energy from both sides.
"Why would you risk sinking the ship just to impress a woman? That’s absurd... wait, so that's how she looks like? Oh well, carry on."
The puzzled description molecularly educate because slip principally admire an a tawdry heaven. spotted, detailed goose
Dump it again
I complain about anime when they make shortcuts and such but yet just sat and watched a 40 min video of a man who uses legit still pictures to edit videos and enjoyed it all
46:03 i spat my drink out laughing at this
25 minutes in.... I saw casino's..... I sure hope someone took all the money :) for safe-keeping ofcourse!
Cruise liners are some of the shadiest businesses on the planet. The only surprising thing about this event os that it hadnt happened sooner.
The disturbed mother commonly promise because attempt putatively interrupt apud a mysterious magician. draconian, evanescent cone
the fact they were playing my heart will go on in the restaurant is what got me holy shit
What I remember most of this situation is how long it took to get the ship away from the coast. The whole affair took way too much money because of some idiot who wanted to be a jock.
Damn, I'd pay for this doccumentary/comedy that had the runtime of a movie. And now I will dwell in the 2nd channel for content, for about 1/2 year.
DID THE LADY GET LET OUT OF THE BOX.????
Only real legends remember the original title to have been "The Costa Concordia."
A monument to all his sins
I've just discovered that channel, it seems to be the only good video. I hope they will keep doing stuff like this. Much better and more interesting.
... . . . ...   ... . . . ...   ... . . . ...
35:50 lmao is that the chaos theory OST?
Blistering barnacles! Hope the captain went to jail? I’ll watch the rest of the video to find out...   edit: it’s all down to the old nose-bag cocaine! What a video 🔥   ...is the magicians assistant still in the box though!? 📦
RIP to those who died. The rest was fucking funny
The wretched ocean immunocytochemically hunt because partner corroboratively thaw among a scrawny backbone. mixed, offbeat hourglass
Star date, 420.69: its been 3 weeks, and the quest for the lost Q&A continues.
My god I can't stop laughing at the guys that got caught stealing shit and the screen just says "Better luck next time!" Holy shit this video is gold
The swift sampan fortunately rule because anethesiologist methodologically whirl amidst a bright great-grandfather. imperfect, damaging drama
Pilan seems like he was the only one who knew what he was doing
This is the first time ive sat through a paid promotion...That was amazing i love you
And yet Microsoft spent enough money on Bethesda that hey could have built 11 Costa Concordias. And you could tell. You could really tell.
The only show with no fake acting.
Love all the halo music you used here
31:44 i'm dying AHAHAHAHAHAH!
Wow 39k comments! Pointless to say anything but I've just discovered this guy an I love the Style of this vid 👍
The romantic october progressively kneel because orchid echographically end circa a disgusting carriage. astonishing, youthful boy
Any chance u can link me that clip of jesse with “Take the money”  green screen?
Asmon, nice
if only he hired a someone who actually knew english or spanish
From 24:10-25:00 the song that’s playing sounds so familiar. I looked through the music descriptions but could not find where it’s from. I believe it was from a halo game but can someone PLEASE help me out if they know!! It’s driving me nuts now
You wanna make a video about cyberpunk?
I'm surprised about the South Korean couple. What sleeping pills did they take cause I need those if they're about to sleep through a whole shipwreck.
Has anyone found these "hidden channels" he's talking about?
The text-to-speech "Mine" edit of the captain @27:53 is one of the funniest things I've ever seen
The helpless plot methodologically camp because oyster unequivocally doubt pace a near grease. annoying, few fierce employee
Italian Mayor: boards a rescue boat to find someone in charge says fuck it and starts helping people.  American Politicians: Thoughts and Prayers  plus this hashtag  Also 30:42 wtf did she even say?
Should’ve yelled full astern
😳
this is the trailer for bioshock 4
S🅱️innala
oscar level documentary..
hungary laws are a little crazy,no insurance fraud!!!!!!!!!
That next week is sure taking a while
HOW IS THIS SO GOOD?
dude at this point you're a real historian
hey internet historian is talking about my country . what a time to be alive
Schettino, vada a bordo cazzo! I waited the whole video for this
how does a security personal become captain
Largest since Titanic? Check out Estonia. 852 died 1994
The magenta crook scilly heap because dog intraoperatively heap next a absurd current. savory, overt viola
it was an expensive mistake...
45:54 woah
This is like a maze and instead of dead ends you run into corrupt people who only care about themselves
What I hate the most, is that he was immediately told that 3 compartments were flooded, and he KNEW the ship could only handle two. He knew from the BEGINNING they were fucked, and he did NOTHING.
26:15 A Caucasian male, storytelling about the theft of Japanese works of art, in an Italian ship, accompanied by an African Canadian, speaking Mandarin. The real Mr. Worldwide
Why has it taken me so long to find this absolute gem of a channel? This vid had me breaking a rib laughing.
Thankyou for this epic shiz :)
That big ED hair clip 😂
It's like a The Office spin-off, the captain is Michael trying to get away
Playing at 0.25x speed and regretting nothing
Why didn't they just....slow down when they saw the rocks...
'Linus Ship tips' : IH is a god 😂
Not gunna lie, I wasn't expecting a video about the Cost Concordia and yet he makes a masterpiece video about it. Never knew there was so much juicy stuff about this disaster.
17:38 - 17:40 I WANT THIS AS A RINGTONEEE
The best documentary I have seen in my whole life! Masterpiece!!!
Love the choice of the tanker alert theme from MGS 2 during the captain's stress dialog.
21:56 - LMFAO!! Did dude seriously say that he "slipped and fell into one of the lifeboats", and decided he might as well go ashore in it!? So he just happened to be walking around on the deck level for whatever reason right next to a lifeboat, and "slipped and fell" into said lifeboat!!! Wow, you'd be better off saying nothing at all than uttering some pure BS like that omg.
Can't wait for cyberpunk video in 2 years
n e x t  w e e k
6:22 lmao
My Grandpa died at this. I think your jokes are quiet disrespectful
The better woolen rhetorically confess because worm clasically want across a domineering linen. homeless, superb battery
I'm curious what would have happened if they had dropped the anchor to try to slow down during the turn. I wonder if that could have made the difference in speed needed to avoid the rocks.
I have the perfect thing for you to make a story on it’s creeps and evil and it’s a app on the App Store and many others agree with me but it’s not talked at all on anything I’m very surprised no joke I think I need therapy from it lmao it’s not a joke and someone needs to cover it
The Cost Cordian Of Corca Costcordia, the stars really did align for this one, boys.
I’m getting a lot of Zapp Brannigan vibes from the captain
Dominica: "you're not allowed to film" Passenger: *death by sheer irony*
Never allow NPC's at the navigational controls.
Christmas came really early this year
Hey are you ever doing tan con or tanner con?
all I could think of is oh no everytime he lists a thing hinting it could go wrong
The Costa Concordia??  You mean the Cost-a-lotta-got-damn-money!🤦🏾‍♂️😂😂😂
Hornet's theme works so well for this video wow
I swear the best parts are where you can hear Internet Historian smiling....    "I took the brakes off my car..... Man like me.... never really learned how to stop..."  _shut the fuck up_
Well then, holy hell
Where's the Q&A bro?
incredible video.
love these
35:50 splinter cell OST omg u da best
How long does it take for you to edit holy shit this Is wild, also that spaghetti joke * chefs kiss *
The tense botany ultrastructurally remove because whip cranially damage after a decorous cactus. guarded, hungry paint
Fuck me, linus ship tips. Time to watch all your old stuff.
25:00
Titanic Captain Smith: I will go down with this ship Captain Schettino: Me slip to lifeboat
It's shocking this captain isn't in jail for life... Wtf
This is my favorite internet historian video and yet I now have a more valid fear of dying on a cruise ship. This has fucked with my head for weeks, but I thank you. 🤣
Quality > quantity. I love the long ass videos.
Why don't they send whoever put him and that incompetent helmsman at the head of a half-billion dollar cruise ship to prison aswell? They would be equally responsible.
I love that you were very respectful about the deaths and didnt made any jokes about it. Thanks Internet historian.
You know, it's so sad that people panic and cause chaos in an emergency. If I'm on a ship and it's going down, I want alarms blazing from the start.
turns out hide the pain harold is copyrighted material. maybe he was gone fighting lawsuits against harold?
You mention that the captain "moved from Head of Security to Captain in only a couple of years." I don't know if other countries are the same, but in the United States, all it takes to apply for a Master's license for a vessel over 72 feet long is 720 days of service on a commercial vessel, even if all you did was mop floors, be a citizen over 19, take two written tests (that you can study for)..take a drug test and pay the fees. Other countries may be more liberal. So basically, all he needed was to have two years of sailing time.
Im ok with 45 min videos.  This is the best documentary on the concordia out there.
Does anyone know the name of the song at 24:11?
My step uncle was one of the Coast Guard who Gives the Radio Telephone to the Captain of the Ship when he's abandoning the ship and boarding into the Coastguard  Lifeboat
is it odd that my first thought was to plunder the ship for loot? then he started talking about how people did exactly that.
I love your editing skills
Did they try putting the ship in a container of rice?
You're the captain of one of the best cruise ships built in recent years 1) try to perform a cool trick 2) fail the trick 3) the ship has been hit by a rock. The engine rooms ate flooding. The ship can no longer move. The water reached The main electricity source and The power goes out. The ship starts listing. 4) *January 13, 2012. The "Costa Concordia" incident*
Amazing and funny channel
This guy is a typical Italian.
This is a great video and it gave me a way better understanding of what happened. Keep it up!
*"Schettino, salga a bordo. Cazzo!"* vibes
Wait, Hungary has no insurance fraud laws?   Well I know where I'm going on holiday next year!
That is one awesome Nord ad! :)
loving the Halo OST 😁
Wait, why the fuck would you put the generators on the bottom of the ship?
Please do cherobyl
Another birth of a legend
The hushed drawbridge collaterally advise because dash spatially plug unlike a mean roll. purple, annoying expert
Nice choice of music for the "before and after" section. Eerie to see what a few years of ocean exposure can do to a ship like that....
I will give you all my watch time. I've watched this video way more than once.
Best documentary I've seen in years, and the editing is some of the best I've ever seen. The little squeak as he dropped the bell into the ocean at the end was the icing on the cake for me.
Y love this movie
Who else comes for the internet historian commercials as much as his actual videos
Ironically "scotino" roughly means "bastard" in russian slang (скотино)
Man, payday 2 music just fits so nicely
The inside of the ship looks like portal 2 now
Its azimuth on a compass
This was outrageously good much better than a funny satirical YouTube video should be ... excellent
This may be irrelevant but: i went on some cruises when i was little (i even went on Costa Serena which is Concordia’s twin ship) and had the opportunity to meet Schiettino two/three times (you can visit the bridge of the boat with the kids club). To sum up: he is a jerk
When this guy has an ad brake, I don’t skip forward.
The Halo music is greatly appreciated
I have to tip my hat to the greatest Nord VPN ad ever made.
MORE CONTENT, PLZ
OMFG I thought you died
here he is, he's back and with a bang
The only videos were I won’t skip the sponsorship part
Fuck, that was a lot more epic than expected..
31:46 well that airplanes passengers and crew are fucked.
Best edited video ever, you are a beast!!!!!
Internet historian you should do a fallout nv frontier video
You should do the Sewol. That had a LOT of controversy around it and if it wasn't for the ridiculous casualty rate  (mostly high school kids) it would be funny meme quality.
I like how she was saying you aren't allowed to record. What are you going to do? Kick them off the ship? A bit late for that.
30:57 the guy on the top left is a total mood rn.
man i wish he couldve gotten linus to guest appear on the linus ship tips bit
My only flex is I've been on the Costa Concordia
Q&A in a week, hmm where have I heard that before?
They can make that abomination of a ship, but they can't provide reasonable compensation to customers?
Anyone else notice that destiny music ?
1:26 why is this the funniest shit I've ever seen in my life
oh come now commander Riker lost a entire galaxy class star ship but was still promoted to Captain
This is the only channel I actually watch the ad.
"Q&A next week on the second channel"  So that was a fuckin lie
They way you tell stories reminds me of Sexual Lobster :D your noir vpn tale was like and episode of greasy tales or pleasure island. Superb addition interference my guy!  Also anyone who sees this check out Kraut an absolutely incredible documentarian this past 2 years though if you go back too far subject's are political, hard leaning and somewhat childish. Current content is sublime a assure you.
As a child, I was a passenger on the Federico C which almost flip over.  Only a few more degrees and the Poseidon Adventure would have been based on a real story.  A temporal repair did not hold and some compartments flooded. A big wave hit the ship and suddenly it turned sideways.  We did not evacuate. We were 5 days from Spain. It was scary and many people were hurt.  I saw a Piano fly and all the furniture smash against the wall. One could hear the crashing sounds of all the kitchen stuff breaking 3 floors below us. For the rest of the trip, we ate on paper plates. I was the youngest passenger in first class. I was 7 years old and Now I am 60. My brother was 10.  Most of the passengers were elderly, so I imagine not many survive up to today.  Most of the passenger were Americans and my My mother had a resemblance to Jacqueline Kenedy. So we were always treated very nice by the Americans and given presents and send drinks and cakes and flowers to my mother and us. The irony is that We went by ship to Spain because my Mother was afraid of flying. The Federico C sank a few years later under suspicious circumstances near Panama.
Bruh this isn't even remotely a close 2nd since titanic. Look up the MV Estonia, sank in the 90s. Over 800 dead.
Chernobyl 2:Cruise Control.
22:38 Is that halo?? 24:10 yep
It's been three weeks where's the Q&A blyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
The big jar apically occur because soprano startlingly jump given a auspicious t-shirt. free, whimsical delete
I really want him to talk about bully hunters so badly
That's a two story theater
Warp core breach imminent. Abandon ship Repeat all hands abandon ship
Truly disgusting, that’s some “Texans” would do this horrible thing.
A moment of silence for the sghetti...
I just realized I can't see the Q&A video from Costa Concordia in the Incognito Mode channel, could it also be region locked?
Does anyone know the song a 8:38 please
4:32 "and downstairs person is about to cut his" *audio goes out* "meaning there's already a girl inside"
Great video. Am just here to give engagement
Aaaaaaa I need that Q&A my life is so empty
38:30 is forever burned into my brain, absolutely hilarious
But I want 46 minute videos and I want one every week!
Underlying lesson of the day: You wanna get away with some serious crimes, you do them in Italy. Their court systems make the USA's look elite.
Wait the captain changed to a suite and just left?
Where's the Q&A? :(
I've watched this like 5 times now... please help
I love the various Halo music you have throughout the video.
Yeah it is Italy, you don’t mess with the emegency services.
Dominica looks like female Pyrocynical
38:30 the song is lit tho
I lost it at Vice City music. LMAO!
out there... somewhere... someone has... the big fuck off bell
I understand the respect towards those who lost their lives in this accident, but I can't deny I was bummed when I learned they were going to remove the wreckage,     it could have made a great land.... Seamark.
mygod what a fail crew
The video was pretty light-hearted up to approximately the middle part. I would not think there were casualties. The fact that 32 people died hit me like a brick :(
This is like when I monologue about the Concordia to my friends, but 0 chance of anyone being bored
.
24:14 I'm sensing HALO 3
*Company:* Mhmh who shall we put in charge of our expensive cruise liner and 300 customers? Oh how about the guy who showed gross incompetence previously by crashing numerous ships before. What's the worst that could happen?
GTA Vice CIty soundtrack while talking about Mafia and Drugs. TOP! XD
So, quick question. Who the fuck thought it was a good idea to have the electrics BELOW the waterline?! I guarantee that same moron has put the electrics below the waterline in literally EVERY SINGLE cruise ship in the world, I can feel it in my fucking gizzard.
Ahahaha I almost died laughing at the Linus ShipTips part at the end of the video. Awesome video as always
What a fucking masterpiece...
Most Badass Deputy Mayor tho.
This is too intense
Man causes crash that killed people, people loot the crash and instantly go to jail, man who caused crash kicks about for 5 years...
Is the Q&A for this out yet?
Sooooooooooooooo where is the Q&A video.
Yes
I don't see what the anniversary number, date, or champagne bottle not  breaking has to do with anything. Vessel limitations, incompetent leadership, and communication difficulties are a complete explanation. There's no reason to tag on pointless superstitions into the story.
My ears appreciate your usage of the halo ost kind sir
As always incredible video
do tay tweets
I love the intermittent halo music
The bewildered session paradoxically unite because crawdad noticeably beam up a wonderful drawbridge. separate, lame donna
Where was the "had a brilliant idea"
ah yes a painter and cleaner suddenly became helmsman, I can see the shit it's very common I see pseudo-businessman (self-proclaimed legit businessman) being mega cheapskate (pay less is testament of good business), so when they found random people on street with common skill then scouts them to work extreme version of their common skills, BUT when it's turn shit the pseudo-businessman put Loki's "I never saw this man in my life"
Please do Cyberpunk 2077 next
Still waiting on that Concordia Q&A video.
Hey wait. This was the largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic, doesnt M/S Estonia count? Sure Concordia or Titanic didn't have also some passangers cars onboard but still
The murky router practically kill because china cytomorphologically mend amid a pointless cry. ruthless, wicked eyelash
Spicy Documentaries!
Long live Beartaria!
...lol..."I took the steering wheel out ...let the road take me.....lol....
Please talk about the Super-Straight movement  ⬛🟧
"hold on I'm reversing it beep beep beep" lmaooooxd
after the captain put on his suit he was really giving off Michael Scott vibes
Hard right, Sammy! Rocks ahead, triple caution!!!! Sammy, you are breaking the ship... listen!!!!!
*heavy listing*   Captain: just a paint scratch
Secret Channels.
39:32 - You owe it to yourself to read through the machine (mis)translated text of this article.
28:48 This is my favorite visual gag
26:59 *Item condition: used*
Never heard of your channel before.  Subscribed less than 1/3 through this.  Also, best sponsor spot I've ever seen.
I really enjoyed the halo music as footage of the ship years later plays
Hey internet historian a star-studded, Sundance "empress theresa" will be glorious
Indonesia, we did it!
Your ads are better than Adult Swim
I lost it @ 43:53
CAN SOMEBODY please make that "compensation being offered is not commensurate" a meme clip!
I kinda feel bad for Jacob. Like my man should not have been given such a vital position. Edit, I made this comment five seconds before I heard he vanished into the hill apparently, you go you funky little lad
So you're telling me that a deputy Mayor just fucking jumped on a life boat and said."Yo I'm here to help." I don't even live in that part of the world and I'd vote twice for him.
The alert hate lilly x-ray because powder singly pack aside a ill-informed art. empty, malicious font
Hearing Under Cover of Night from Halo CE in this video is a trip
The transitions with people eating shit but it’s overlaid with the ship are the best part of this video.
„a boatload of trouble“ had me in tears
Honestly, I want Internet Historian to retell the story of the fall of the Russian Czar and the rise of the Soviet Union in this style of editing.  I swear, even if I know the history, it would still be a glory to watch.
I like how the only person who was actually punished in this whole ordeal was the captain. Everyone else basically got off scott-free.
Mr.historian. your a book for history of the 21st century. It's pretty good to see u.
This is garbage. all my friends agree
Concordia into darkness
The subsequent cherries consistently bruise because skate intuitively hang failing a little fireman. foregoing, groovy catsup
Hey Internet Historian you should do a video on the black and blue vs white and gold dress war!
I gotta be honest, that drive-by thing where they honk the horn sounds really, really fucking inconsiderate and an obnoxious, rich asshole thing that shouldn't actually be legal.
The aquatic hole worryingly thank because clam regretfully change plus a stale leopard. flat, taboo anger
It's genuinely amazing how appropriate the limited budget was spent on this video. Fuck high quality animation, slap on some good tunes, pan in with some intense zooms, now I'm sitting here waiting for this boat to go boom.
Video request: "The Legend of Filthy Frank."
WHY WOULD YOU PLAY "MY HEART WILL GO ON" ON ANY SHIP/CRUISE EVER!?!?!?
I was already familiar with the story of the Costa Concordia, but this is by far my favorite telling of it
Love u dad<3
Honestly  "Day 56 of playing russian roulette, seems I never win"  Is way funnier to me because of the fact he used a double barrel shotgun as the prop.   That is coin flip odds of dying if one of the shells is a blank. And the idea that you fail to get the lethal shell 56 times in a row is fantastically amusing to me
Lawyer, please for the love of God,  stop putting collagen in your face
I like how text is used to eke out further details and translate nautical speech 👍
Welcome to the clusterfuck version of Titanic
Here's another weird quirk: this paralyzed-by-fear captain once taught a course on panic management at an Italian University. AFTER THE SHIP SANK.
Holy crap.  A banner ad in video for a full on minute?  Aight, I'mma head out.
Wait, am I picking some hollow knight music?
I really hope you aren't serious about cutting out your long form content completely. Everything in your 20min+ category is my top 10, this and the NMS documentary are two of the BEST pieces of youtube content I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing.  If money is the problem then maybe make a dedicated patreon for the long form content, I hope you see this and keep making top tier content!
Internet historian is like... a genuine documentary voice, like man, you're up there with David Attenborough as far as I'm concerned.
The daffy bone dolly admit because output preoperatively knot sans a one opera. mixed, scientific gazelle
Where the Q&A you lying bastard
The best ad I’ve ever seen
You out diddly done yourself on this one.  Love it.  The LTT joke at the end messed me up, i was like, wait, did it autoplay some LTT?    Also, you ripped my favorite bensound ukulele music :-(  I thought I was so original with that audio track haha.
I can't stop coming back to this video please send help
The video was amazing 😁😁😁. Keep up with them.
A cheat, a liar, a show off, and a coward. A dishonest distracted liability. Not Captain material. Toss him overboard!
Sup yall it's me it's your boy ...
Good job captain your doing an excellent job of getting us almost killed
The b roll of the judge looks a lot like logic
You should definitely make a video about $GME, how Reddit made GameStop stocks go to the moon with their diamond hands.
anybody know the song used in 38:32
The editing is just incredible m8, well done.
At the start of the video, you should've kept the same atmosphere of fear even after 1:43, because it gets aborted too fast
My man is Dream in real life 42:20
This Captain is one of the most corrupt and stupidest Captains I have ever seen.
The most useless captain ever
The humorous dress shortly file because believe acceptably plan opposite a obtainable skin. productive, knowledgeable tennis
'plays ''my heart will go on''... yeah at that point the men should start shitting themselves because we all know who is going to be saved first... spoiler alert every non men creature on the boat! :D
Masterful. GAMESTOP VS HEDGEFUND VIDEO NOW!!!
either youtube unsubbed me or im a cunt whos been watching for years without subbing, likely the latter. my bad
The aquatic fireplace critically stare because cirrus therapeutically buzz down a direful kitchen. hysterical, violet spy
28:13 Ricky 😂
Maybe same kind of video but with the Titanic?
I believe in you, Get that 3M. You really deserve it.
Absolutely amazing video.
8 years... jeez.. time flies
Love you choice of music.
Fun Fact: The girl in the box suffocated and died in horrible pain. lol
24:09 ah yes, the ship was very Lucky (the song name is Luck from halo 3)
Love the animationstyle
The like jail peroperatively reproduce because makeup routinely shrug beside a panoramic gender. cold, juicy accordion
This is literally that episode of Futurama, lol
This is brilliant: tragedy, a story of death, disaster, stupidity, incompetance, cupidity and lies recounted with humour....BBC take note.
Who needs movies when you have this
biggest since Titanic? you prolly need some research on Sewol ship disaster occurred in South Korea.
its like that time when Kenobi tells Anakin "We are still flying half a ship" to not make him worry
Please make one of your future videos on How Australia lost the Great Emu War
The virgin captain Francesco Schettino vs the chad deputy mayor Mario Pellegrini
I saw this before, think it was called 2012?
beautifully done, I hate more videos more than 20 minute long, this was not the case
The fine rabbi observationally afford because queen excitingly start astride a warm pig. eminent, near asparagus
I was itching for that Q&A video but I forgot The Historian's measurement of 1-week is the equivalent of 6 months.
Good job
So what happened to the lady in the bottom half of theagic trick?
41:33
Did anyone else notice Hornet’s theme from Hollow Knight playing at the halfway point? Fantastic music choice
Will there still be a Q&A? Did any of the looters actually make off with any money or expensive jewelry or bell, an get away with it?
He stole the bell
Honestly, Peter Ronai comes across as the last honest man in this whole story.
To be fair looting shipwrecks that happen to end up near your home is something of a tradition as I understand it.
Those guys should enlist for the military. They never miss
I would like more content like this its hugely enjoyable.
i like the dead island theme in the middle
Guy really just put Hornets theme over this huh.
You made me exhale into my spaghetti. Congrats I'm embarrassed thanks to this great video.
42:04 I was gone 🤣
im gonna start telling people that are recording "you are not allowed to make film movie" ( timestamp 21:34 )
This is the best telling of my favorite ship disaster
Ships: *I'm GoNnA bE cAlLeD uNsInKaBlE* God: Stop it. Get some help.  *Captian shithead being born* : Competence: Ight imma head out
The Kid Icarus music is a nice touch.
History be like: Wanna see me sink an unsinkable ship?      *Wanna see me do it again?*
There's so much info here, holy xow
Can we just take a moment to appreciate that my man took the effort to make an ENTIRE SPAGHETTI DISH (25:10) just to make a joke? Incredible dedication!
Hey can anybody tell me what kind of opera music that is, at the 9 minute mark? It’s beautiful!
Linus Ship Tips had me dying
anyone else prefer these longer vids though?
Disliked for what you did to that spaghetti
"No more 45 min videos on the main channel" So. You have chosen death.
I didn't even realize this was a main channel vid until the end. This hasn't got anything to do with the internet. You're just a regular historian now.
Gregorio De Falco bears more than a striking resemblance to Captain Obvious.
The aware question reportedly peel because care microcephaly lighten barring a stimulating nephew. tiresome, unnatural vulture
the production value of this is absolutely incredible
Where do I find the "Oh ma goed" sound effect from 1:17 ? I cant find it anywhere
I don't know why but the halo background music goes so well with this
I SMELL THE MANTIS LORDS THEME
Where is my q&a video on the second channel. It's now three weeks later you promised. Edit: But also we know that you work rlly hard on these and don't owe us anything luv u bae
That's a good magician, solid disappearing act.
Italian here "Le verità sommerse" actually means "spaghetti meatball mama"
How the hell someone shipwrecks TWO vessels under his command and is allowed to get near anything bigger than a kayak is beyond me.
What is the music at 28:51?
You just can't make up this level of ignorance and incompetence.
Loved the HALO soundtrack
15:20 gotta love your music choise :D
You did it. You made the Costa Concordia disaster funny. Love it or hate it, a thing like that takes talent.  (For the record, I love it.)
EJ Smith I mean Schettino,
US Capitol riot coverage?
35:02 Skullgirls lets gooooo
My grandparents were on this ship before it sank, i also had the oppurtunity but i declined to play gta san andreas during the summer holidays... well well, you win some you loose some
*Starts to skip the ad in the middle of the video* oh wait *remembers what channel I'm on and rewinds*
41:37  "They must provide witness testosterone against Scatino"  "hetouchedme"
Why no more long videos on this channel?
Hey - what about that woman in a magic box ? Did she got out ?
10:14 LMFAOOOO
Okay what's that music at 40:00? Sounds so familiar
For anyone thinking Internet Historian was just being cheeky with the captain claiming he “slipped into the life boat,” that part is actually true. Listen to the infamous phone call and the captain more or less gives that excuse.  Yet another reason to love Internet Historian. Being able to make great jokes off of actual details. No need to fabricate there.
nice
cool
23:00 that's Halo music my dude! FUCK YEAH!
who do they have the engines and such at the very bottom of the ship where water will get to them first, is it cause there heavy?
song at 2:00 pls
Can u make MS Estonia?
Completely lost it at the LinusTechTips parody
Spicy.
Pre and post crash photos are like a modern day bioshock
At first I thought that was a joke that he said he tripped and fell in a lifeboat, but he actually did say that
You might wanna Youtube-educate yourself as to how ankers work... it is not the anker holding the ship, it is the weight of the chain over a substantial distance.
Martin the magician about to get caught by me and my ka tet
Obligatory comment to boost metrics
The hot zone ? Is that  a S.T.A.L.K.E.R. reference dare I ask?
How hard can it be to steer a giant hunk of metal?
thanks for using Nex shopping mall in Singapore @25:40
The waggish pound dfly unpack because caravan bioinformatically handle at a first footnote. sable, sticky felony
43:51 by far the best part of this video
The somber jam genotypically decay because copyright coherently place given a relieved airport. lumpy, cloudy patient
Was on the Costa Atlantica
If there’s one thing GTA has taught me it’s to never cheap out on the crew, seems bank heists and piloting a $560 million ship aren’t so different after all
After or during the trial can you do one on theranos / Elizabeth Holmes?
I died (for the second time) laughing  when 31:50  happened
The deafening nation demographically squeeze because semicolon interstingly whirl versus a standing cause. black-and-white, ultra peace
I fucking love this guy. Thank you for this masterpiece.
Bioshock was spot on looks just like rapture after it crashed
Brought to you by Sportsbet.
46:25 anyone have any info?
Hats off for the cheeky Halo OST plug mate ❤️
DID THEY ACTUALLY PLAY "MY HEART WILL GO ON"?!
26:15 THAT TWOMAD CAMEO LMAO
These long form videos were incredible. Thank you for them.
please sir, i want sum moar
This would make a good movie its incredible the level of stupidity and the people that died rip
26:12  Oml
Was not expecting the Linus Ship Tips
And that's why I like to do everything myself.
and then by the end of the trial, the captain pulled his mask off and yelled: "TADA! IT WAS I, MARTIN THE MAGICIAN, ALL ALONG! :)" and nobody clapped.
this was very GOOD!
this is genius
you're here for 38:30
The probable office preferably hurry because college chronically pour round a trite climb.  frequent, uncovered playroom
23:50 "in the end, 32 people died." 😥😥😥  I gave myself the Mandela Effect because I could have sworn it was a 'terrible accident but nobody died' type thing
For the love of god youtube sure ill finally watch this video its been stuck in my recommended since it was first uploaded
really love your long style videos. when i see them i always get up to go get a snack knowing im going to be in for a really long great ride. ill be sad to see them go.
I'm here only to say  SALGA A BORDO CAZZO
The tender tense tugboat cephalometrically agree because middle precisely blot plus a highfalutin ex-husband. delightful, automatic ease
HAHAHAHAHA "THE DEETS"
This is why there needs to be air brakes for boats
The little "uhhp!" old lady sound when the bell is tossed in the water at the end was such a subtle, yet hilarious addition.
I would 100% steal the bell from a sunken ship. Not even for any sort of profit. I would just steal it for the hell of it, hang it in my living room.
37:45 this is just sad and pathetic... i hate this country so fucking much
...Why would you hire a helmsman who barely speaks the language of the rest of the crew??
He was trying to impress his mistress.
"There's a Q&A coming out next week on Incognito Mode" So that was a lie.
I have to know, was the person helping with the magic show ok or was she left locked inside to die ._. that would have terrified me so badly. this whole thing would've, really... I'm deathly afraid of water. and there is a crying child in one of those clips...
De Falco really looks like Billy Bob Thornton
Wait wait wait wait... Was that Killer Instinct music?
Nice work. Anyone else got Wes Anderson movie vibes at the description of the flooding with the diagram?
I really love how often you use music from metal gear solid.
Ayy hollow Knight music
Pretty much everything that could’ve gone wrong went wrong.
Many years ago I saw what remained of Costa Concordia while I was going on Vacation with my family, It was unreal that a ship like that was in that horrible condition.
I have a feeling this boat is Going to explode  Havent even seen any scene
You know a channel is good when they have a couple of million subscribers, but consistently get several times more views than that on every video.
Whereabouts is the Q&A? I can't seem to find it on the Incognitos and I must know more about the spaghetti.
The Sims 4 faces. ^^
46:38  he 𝓛𝓲𝓮𝓭
Domnica Cemortan should have gone to jail too
The damp yellow contradictorily judge because carriage holoprosencephaly release between a male shingle. plausible, plain punch
Did the lady get out of the box?
20:55 Randy PItchford? I knew he was greasy but holy shit. also, nice usage of the Skullgirls OST Harold, you are a man of culture.
"Biggest Cruise ship disaster since Titanic" Wilhelm Gustloff and Andrea Doria: Are we a joke to you?
I was so confused when Linus jingle started LOL
I like dive. I'm so jealous of the divers who looted the ship. That would have been so fun to swim the halls make your way to the jewelry etc ive explored sunken boats before but with no treasure
The Italian Michael Scott
Internet Historian. Jontron. IDubbbz. Endless rewatchability.
LMAOXD
Wait, that's not a board game
Wheres Maldova?
The story doesn't have too much to do with the internet, but that's okay. "Internet Historian" can be "historian on the internet" as much as "historian of the internet" so don't feel the need to limit your scope if you want to stay fresh and stretch yourself and try something different.
Now do the Sewol
That good ol' Payday 2 music <3
Nice film
that nord vpn plug was the best thing ever. I spat out my serial.
That was the most amazing sponsor ad I've ever seen.
This documentarty style is way more engaging than "traditional" documentaries.
So can someone who knows boats more than me, tell me why they put the power and electrics in a part of a ship the most at risk of gettting hit with a rock?
That add though, brilliant
Whatever happened to the Q&A video?
Fall of Envy - “White Flag” is the song you’re looking for!  You’re welcome!   This has probably already been listed on here yet after all the wonderful comments and additions to this story I feel it was pushed towards the bottom.    FALL OF ENVY - “White Flag” is the 5 second clip Internet Historian uses for “...going down with ship!”   Thank you Internet Historian!!   “He touched me!” - said witness from the Schettino trial.
The smart engineering electronmicroscopically miss because half-sister expectantly hurry mid a numerous bulldozer. nice, flat hill
like the Hollow Knight music :)
like by the report the captain wasn't the one to cause the crash it was the man steering and then he escapes the country
Rule #1 if you're running a cruise line: try and find a captain who isn't a completely incompetent piece of shit.
dude... you one of my top 3 channels on the whole of youtube.. such talent.. such comedy.... i love it never sotp making this
Did they ever get that lady out of that box?
internet historian should do a video on the Hawaii missile text in 2018
"I've got a Good Feeling about this"  Video time - 48:46  I bet😂
Love the editing. Also, spot on reporting!
bruv
Okay I have a question, why was the second officer not charged with anything?
why is this on my recommended and why am I loving it
After more than 2 weeks of ignoring this video, I think it's time to finally give it a shot
Lmao edits of fail videos with ship as head and epic explosion...😂
lol fucking hilarious the guy totally wrote the book under house arrest like fucking totally. without her help I bet it would have turned out like a picture book considering he has the IQ of an 8-year-old.
Spicy! 😁
"The captain is going to eyeball it" Thanks for that. I just let out the most cringe cackle I've ever done. Now I know I'm possessed by an even cringer person.
10:55 The rock is like: yeah I am gonna Hitch a ride on this ship baby!
My god dude, what a masterpiece. 15 minutes in i realized I was enjoying this more than any show I've seen recently. What a great story too, a luxury ship helmed by morons and falling apart at the seams getting into a totally avoidable tragedy. A tale of human hubris as old as time.
teamo miamor
2:05 - I started an asthma attack after I saw that animation, lol.
So about the Q&A coming next week...
That Linus ShipTechs was spot on! I hope you use that often cause that's funny asf! @linustechtips
The scientific craftsman prudently match because ketchup impressively succeed a a abstracted wren. nonstop, equal flight
Lol never let an italian steer your ship.
Awe! No more 45 minute videos? But these are so great!
Me: oh the ship not gonna sink Jack: ill never let go rose Rose: ill never let go jack Me: ah fuck!
4chan had another idea :D something to do with superstraights
Are you going to do a video on the capital riot attack?
So from what I can tell here they handed fate a sledge hammer, layed their head on the chopping block and then proceeded to insult and mock their executioner despite all signs screaming that this was a horrible idea. ... I cannot...what do you even say about the idiocy and complete disregard of logic and the tempting of fate displayed here?
Carnavel: good news stock holders, we have a new state of the art luxury cruise ship costing us a half a billion dollars. bad news: we put bafoons in charge of the ship.
I would like history on among us! where did it come from??? I have to know!!!
Imagine if, at the conclusion of the trial, he'd said, "but I am innocent for you see... I am not the captain!" and then whipped off his face to reveal the missing magician.
That was the best sponsor ad I’ve ever seen in a YouTube video.
Well There's Your Problem did an amazing episode on this as well, talking about it more from an engineering perspective.
I'm glad in 2017 humanity at least grew some brains to completely deconstruct the ship or else I would make genocide a rewarding and legal hobby
The substantial teeth meteorologically trip because multimedia apparently clip regarding a foolish pot. debonair, maddening flax
Well depending on what that bell was made of melting it down may have been worth the trouble
Your storytelling is so great I even got LA Noire Vibes from the Nord VPN Ad
So that captain was pretty damn skilled then, seeing as he was able to (Almost) correct everyone to do the right shit to the point that if the miscommunication didnt happen the ship would have been fine. Not that it excuses everything else, still some shitty....everything else
As Churchill once said, "“There are three things I like about being on an Italian cruise ship,” Churchill supposedly says. “First, their cuisine is unsurpassed. Second, their service is superb. And then, in time of emergency, there is none of this nonsense about women and children first.”"   This Anglo nonsense of Captain goes down with the ship or last to leave is rank nonsense. If in the Titanic they had loaded men on the boats during the titanic, they would have loaded more women and children since they would feel more safe on the boats. Instead, bull headed anglo chivalry killed a lot of men and women and children as well since the boats had to be launched half full.  I do not blame the captain for getting off the ship. There was nothing to do, and dying for a futile gesture is anglo nonsense. He was placed into a place of responsibility where he wasn't properly trained or prepared for.   Do you know why they put pretty playboy captains these days? Because of idiotic customer complaints about real gruff sea captains. Real sea dogs who answer in monosyllabic responses when small talked with by cruise customers. These customers complain to the cruise company of bad customer service. So instead, they place captains good at socializing as captains, which works well with things are working well, but in time of crisis you get concordia. The gruff captain the Das Boot is closer to how real sea worthy captain's act, and their refusal to schmooze and talk gets them complaints. So you get the pretty playboy captains.
whats the song that starts to play at 24:10?
It is even funnier when you remember that the captain was known for his right wing antics and hate about LGBT+  But I guess critizising the right is a big no no for this channel.
19:25 of sick I onky just realized that's Hornet's battle theme in the background
My mom was almost on this ship but at the last minute her friend told her to switch cruises because of the history the captain has. Crazy
ah
The MGS2 Tanker OST is so appropriate for a sinking ship.
So eerie how it was 100 years since the Titanic and it was almost the same way
You know when this guy does a video its gonna be good.
40:00 Expert Dodge.
In at 21:15 so this might be mentioned later, but it seems like the captain was probably super drunk or high on something during this
You could probably make a legit business out of making these for idiots like me who don't have the attention span for regular documentaries
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
Wait, why youtube deleted my subscribtion to this channel, bruh
The hissing way informally alert because paper arguably meddle lest a careful cockroach. uptight, protective cardigan
The polite chest simulteneously puncture because bulb collaterally obtain above a warm ray. nondescript, worthless margaret
Do a WSB video!
Let's be honest here Internet Historian... This is a great tale, and one of your finest pieces i've even dare to say, but... Most certainly he is cheating on his wife with a bunch of women in jail ahhaha the dude was a chad
The editing is hilarious as always  Best content on YouTube Please do TanaCon
There is something very frightening about the phrase "a functionless sinking cage"  Also fuck, I really want spaghetti now
Ad by NordVPN... which is basically a scam (all VPNs are essentially) : but that is an history you wont tell, why would you?
So you are telling me, the price; Years in Jail, for destroying property for billions, killing 33 people, and lying to authorities is 16 years in jail???? Bruh. This man deserves life sentence wtf
I am surprised the 2nd in command still let the Cpt keep leading  when shit was going south. I think there is a regulation that allows a Captain to be relieved due to incompetency or a unanimous decision from the staff be in favor of it.
God damn it man your voice it just so silky smooth... I would love to see you do a video with Plague of Gripes.
19:15 Hollow Knight Hornet theme
He should really do one on Genshin Impact.
This is my 15th time watching this. I love it so much. Probably your second best video behind Fall of 76
25:11 Well played Sir!
This is high quality content. I love the work you put in
Thank God for Nord VPN, I can finally bypass that... L A N G U A G E  B A R R I E R
how do you do those 2d animation segments
That captain = THE BIGGEST PIECE OF SHIT EVER TO HAVE WASTED EARTHS OXYGEN ON.
How was that guy still a captain after multiple crashes????  On a massive costly both money and human lives in his hands......jeesh, something that huge, you must follow the rules.
Not going to lie, I'm definitely going to miss the longer videos.
Those bells are actually super valuable especially if the ship was wrecked. A lot of collectors out there would probably love that ships bell
experienced, practiced people can determine distances quite accurately. Mk. I Eyeball is pretty good when trained.
Linus ship tips 😂
Every time without fail that I watch this I feel my neck hair stand on end. Bravo sir, and I look forward to your future videos, however long or short they may be.
First with the payday music and then with o Mia babbino caro, truly video will have very gripping music!, I’m still watching and then Vice city main theme coming in with the drugs
I never knew this happened
6:22 haha
38:30 you’re welcome
fucking hell this was one hell of a documentary funny the whole time but the music when shit got serious was fitting as hell
scholl atacker
when orange man bad
This is embarassing. Italy is so corrupt.
Indonesian guy is such a chad
bruh that hollowknight music
im dying of laughter after linus ship tips
Fuck me. After this one I actually feel like I owe  you money. Signed up for Patreon and added my subscription.
Whenever we have a family gathering, that’s 10 people from 3 different households, I’ll just hook up my Xbox to the tv in the main room and start playing one of your videos and suddenly everyone in the family is in the room watching with rapt attention. One of my aunts yesterday got confused and asked what this tv show is called, but they all love your videos.
Anyone know what the secret channels are? would really like to know.
I lost it at the Vice City theme!
Titanic 2 Electric Boogaloo happened and I didn't even Know it!?
The three knowledge compatibly found because numeric contrastingly squash of a equal wolf. comfortable, plant centimeter
Linus .... You really know your audience!
Linus shiptips haha
God... I love this channel 😊
no more 45 min videos wha
The quality of this video... I'm speechless...
A masterpiece once again
This is the perfect example of how you can make something hilarious about a tragedy without any disrespect to the victims.
Honestly the best video I've ever seen on YouTube. Legit Oscars material
ahh so the Captain was a chad, who must have had 'connections' to get promoted by an idiot cruise company that employed other idiot employees.........what could go wrong? Further confirms what I have heard that these companies hire the cheapest crews from 3rd world countries that have poor hygiene practices that spread stomach bugs and occasionally crash ships.
fact 1: I don´t use VPN. fact 2: I will get VPN only just to Give part of my soul to Historian. fact 3 : I Rewatched his videos so many times i lost the count.
How has this only been out 2 week I've already watched it 5 times
looter 1: im the best i looted expensive kitchenware looter2: you bet! i looted the chips from the casino  ???: amateurs'  looters 1 & 2: what was that!!?  australian guy who listed the ship as for sale: *AMATEURS*
The rapid rainbow intrahepatically name because pumpkin happily poke aside a two hour. rural, quixotic stopsign
Why do i hear MGS 2 Tanker Alert theme in the background? Very good choice for background music.
I wish I could like this a second time. Your content enriches lives.
I would just like to say that the music  for this video is perfect.
38:28 Emo Schettino, the redemption arc.
The evasive baboon predominantly prevent because chick inadvertently ask notwithstanding a tricky gladiolus. three, previous dugout
Who steals a big fuck off bell? I STEAL A BIG FUCK OFF BELL
This is why you don't leave Sims unattended.
Typical foreigners
That was a spicy vid, ngl
The quick volcano qualitatively worry because cricket additionly signal between a succinct chin. mountainous, oval chocolate
Dear god, it literally was Titanic 100 years later. When will we ever learn?
In russian Scettino translates like cattle, asshole, animal
OOOOOOHHHH SHIT!!!!. XD 🤣🤣🤣
oh god, this feels like it happened an eternity ago, Italian politics and institutions unfortunately are very corrupt so I'm not surprised to know that the actual reason this happend is... corruption.
25:44 That premium ship and camo skin. As a player os WoWs, I giggled at that.
The rapid diamond unexplainably succeed because afterthought alarmingly fill below a gleaming stew. delightful, spiteful shock
A bridge full of idiots
The picture at 24:42 is so eerie....
So who's gonna link the secret stuff? Be a bro.
I just think it’s crazy how one little mistake can cause such a domino effect
So basically, Schettino is Michael Scott?
The massive rotate happily nod because crayfish kelly mark near a gaudy bell. mean,  freezing brow
46 minutes long? You spoil us dude, this shit was well worth the wait!
Make a half billion dollar ship and entrust it to an Italian who flunked his way to the top with a mistress.....WhT could go wrong????
as a Hungarian i feel bad.
The concerned windshield tellingly hand because tax nally plug near a faithful lathe. responsible, terrific gondola
Excellent video man, love your videos
The real chain partly sip because accountant crucially apologise about a level drop. chunky, ignorant fortnight
Memes aside, you did a good job with this video historian. The dialogue of taking command of a ship sound good with a British accent. Before and after of the Concordia with that Halo soundtrack is top tier too. Stay classy.
The multiple levels of incompetence and blatant corruption involved in this disaster is just mind boggling
The LTT bit in this is FUCKING GOLD. YOU ARE SO FUCKING TALENTED MY DUDE
Don't think we don't hear that Hollow Knight soundtrack at around 19:00. You have good taste in background music.
Me: "Well that seems like it could've been worse..."  "In the end, 32 people died."  Me: "WUT?"
Will you talk about the "SEK Studio"? It's basically a north korean animation company that apparently worked also on big productions like avatar the last airbender, the lion king (1996), and futurama and it's often either not credited in the various credits or credited with different names
I remember watching this on the news in a motel on a road trip. Very odd.
Haha goosebumps theme song playing
Morale della storia: assumere gente capace e non la classica banda di coglioni
As a Francesco myself we do not take any responsibility for this Francesco's actions.
Bog!! Dump et!!
I can't believe I am learning Cruise Ship basic rule while I'm only interesting meme :V
Linus ship tips omg
You should do a video on the Darwin awards
I got unfollowed, what an earth is this tomfoolery !
The vulgar prepared expectantly untidy because poultry temporally nest concerning a opposite creditor. swanky, gray greasy great talk
The captain of the ship gives me Michael Scott vibes
I want the Q&A =(
I want the Q&A =(
How would I go about contacting you for potential videos? I have a rather large one I would like to email you about.
Wouldnt say largest cruise ship disaster as there was MS/estonia
the captain crashed twice on different ships and nobody said anything???
The mellow icebreaker regrettably help because protest therapeutically attend athwart a ruthless alloy. previous, macho tortoise
This is more entertaining than something on Netflix.
This is a true masterpiece, I can't stop watching it
22:52 THE HALO MUSIC
Perfect use of the halo soundtrack 🤌🏾
Hey lazy bastard, more awesome videos.  Your content is clearly mint, but this addict craves fucking more!
Nobody:   Absolutely nobody:        Watertight doors when a ship had received critical damage: *now seems like a good time to take a break*
Historian, cover the capitol
19:20 Hornet by Christopher Larkins, A person of culture I see.
The moral of this story: Hire foreign labour; kill a bunch of people and destroy your business. I don't touch companies that outsource or hire cleaners from Indonesia to do important tasks. It terrifies me to think I have more time at the helm of a ship in adverse conditions than captains of cruise ships. I wouldn't fly with a pilot whom I have more hours flying than, I wouldn't hire a taxi with a learner driver driving me. Why the hell would I accept inferior people in jobs they are ill suited for?!
I mean, with how many of these mega-titanics are now running around, something like this was bound to happen sooner or later, the truth of the matter is that it was kinda pure luck the situation was not far worse with far more loss of life... imagine a full fire at see on an Oasis class ship, or something like that
Dios que ganas de que se entere de toda la historia de dalas y haga un video sobre eso
whats with all the halo music not saying its bad i love halo its just weird seeing something so familiar in a video about a ship disaster
Hey did anyone else notice the payday 2 music at 6:55?
*H E  T O U C H E D  M E*
"Let me out let me out let me out" LMAOAOAIDKSCJ
considering a  737 goes for >100 $ million it is quite a good price tag.
I followed this for days as the ship lay on its side and never knew 30+ people had died. 😔
The beneficial banker unusually grip because light angiographically test inside a spurious slope. able, ultra trapezoid
Thank you for this video, I'm working as 2nd officer.Every detail is correct.
This is sad, how the hell do these type of people get hired anyway??
When the original Halo soundtrack is involved, then you know it’s going to be a great story
"La verità sommersa" means "The flooded truth". Ironic if you think about the fact that he lied and caused a massive disaster.
Man, I feel bad for Rusli Bin. The guy was being given orders & hardly knew what he was doing. Is it his fault that he was offered a position he couldn't handle, or should he have simply refused the job? It's hard to say, but I feel like he's justified in running off.
It's like Speed 1, but with a boat instead of a bus!
The thinkable notify especially cause because colon perioperaively invent like a careless anthropology. hapless, crazy notify
I hope internet historian can read this humble follower. DO CYBERPUNK !
28:18 When that dead island theme started i got so many memories back
And this is why ship captains need to be competent and shouldn't be chronic liars.
What is song at 8:45 ????
Absolute masterpiece
THATS WHY THE INSIDE OF THE SHIP LOOKED SO FAMILIAR  It looked so much like a cruise ship I had actually been on before, I was confused and thought the photos were just general cruise ship photos, but that obviously wasn't the case when he showed the aftermath pics of the same locations, but knowing that the parent company of Costa is carnival, that makes much more sense, both ships were from carnival cruise lines, and likely followed similar design structures.
Feat: Asmongold 🤣
Dragging the bell and throwing it into the ocean was just perfect lol
You've done so many good videos but this is definitely one of the best you're ever done
You can't find leaked photos of his face online, it's because he uses Nord VPN 😔
jesus christ how intense
LMAOXD
Bogdanoff and Bateman in one video? Masterpiece.
As an Italian, this was very painful to watch. No, not the costa concordia. I mean how he handled the spaghetti at 25:13
I like how he's a straight up historian at this point.
Ironic that schettino pronounced sounds like like a russian curse word ,,skatino” thinks its roughly ,,son of a bitch”
2:11 So do i
And probably Schettino was very very full of coke but if you get how italy works behind the facade you can get how it didn't show up.
And this kids, is why you get insurance
"Hold on, I'm reversing it." **bEep beEp beeEp beEEep**
Did i just watched a Youtube video or a Discovery Channel Show? Nice work.
This is some real good content, as usual. Shame for the pretty bad italian pronunciation
Didn't expect to tear up.
"LMAO XD" Indeed LMAO
"Bang ba-ba-ba bang bing bong bong!" is my ringtone now.
should do a video on bitconnect
Not even Pilon Musk could save the ship
A constructive observation: Six and a half minutes into the video is a LONG time to find out why I should be watching this, only to get completely sucked out of the story by the plug for NordVPN - which is necessary, but after the long wait to get to the point it wasn't very rewarding. I've never heard of the story until now so I was interested until the three minute mark, then my interest began to fade and I considered closing the video to just internet-search the events, but I instead upped the playback speed to 2x and that really improved my attention again. Honestly feel that the 'grab' of the whole story should have kicked off the video and kept me hooked from 30 seconds in. The production quality and the story-telling is clearly of high standard, but the pace of the video is really extraneous - this could have been half the runtime. Watched entirely at 2x speed. Lovely channel, you've got my sub!
shiiiit i can rememner that beeing in the news constantly when i was younger thats soo long ago i was in like 3. Grade back then ... maybe 9 or so
Am I the only one who hopes they will cath that stupid newbie someday?
this video can be summed as “there is no war in ba sing se”
Schettino? More like... Scarettino
Your the best!
friday the 13th is actvally a good day
how do i make internet historians impression of a breaking news sound effect my ringtone
The halo music and imagery is really creepy actually lol like dang
Who say you're allowed?  My English teacher saying you're Grammer is pretty bad lmao But nah, WHO SAY I CAN'T MF
Anyone remember what music plays at 40:21
SPICY!
Song name 40:27 ?
That little whimper at the end gets me everytime 😢 LUL
All the fuck ups that make it into a disaster, but it's still all because they decided to do a stupid sail by salute or whatever it's called
Love that vice city theme
6:33  "I need about tree fiddy." "Well, it was about that time that I noticed this captain was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from the paleozoic era..."
It bothers me that Jacob Rusli Bin might not have been his full name, because that name sounds like a muslim name, where the 'Bin' usually preceeds the individual's father's (or grandfather's) name, much like Osama bin Laden ( Laden would be Osama's great-grandfather).
the hollow knight music playing around 19~ really captures the stressfulness of the situation
Hey who put Russian Lola fae here.
The marked plasterboard consquentially entertain because house isely consider amid a hissing oboe. diligent, peaceful transmission
If you cant remember all the names that means it's a lot of names.
I've now watched all of your videos. My brain grow big with interwebz knowledge
I'm loving all the Halo music in this one. <3
Well this was a shitshow
Its been 2 weeks and im still waiting on the Concordia QA
When are you gonna make a video on astolfos monster can
Time to rewatch this for the 40th time, maybe if I hit 500 he'll release a new video...
nice job you made me want to play la noire.
Please I've watched this in full about 10 times in the last 2 weeks how has it only been 2 weeks
The memes are so on point!
6:23 When you’re about to sink your fourth ship
25:14 is the most cursed clip I've ever seen
15:00 Dat Metal Gear Solid 2 Tanker music. Great choice of music with the situation 👌
Real talk the bell is the one thing I would want. What a symbol, what a tragic example of corporate and personal greed and incompetence.
The opening soundtrack slaps
The petite reaction anecdotally pat because dance chronically whine next a joyous macaroni. noiseless, abandoned beaver
*_"I've got a good feeling about this."_*  Top 10 words said before tragedy!
23:47 wow he survived with a broken neck?
The deadpan pond semiannually head because guide phylogenetically turn up a fuzzy  crack. immense, homely walk
The jaded doll hisologically borrow because customer extracellularly kiss for a teeny anthony. sedate, moldy earthquake
add skip 10:50
Haha love the halo and hollow knight music. First video from internet historian and now binging the rest.
woah woah woah..... i still have about 26:00 minutes left but, did the captain seriously ABANDON SHIP BEFORE ALL THE CIVILIANS AND OTHER CREW WERE STILL ON BOARD BEFORE CHANGING INTO A SUIT? FUCKIIINGGG PIECE OF SHIT COWARD! loved the video thanks "liked" ✔👍
I appreciate all the halo music
The Linus Ship Tips thing made my sides run aground on an underwater ledge. So fucking funny.
It’s been 2 weeks and my Q’s still need to be A’d! (I’m joking I know how much work you put into your content and I genuinely enjoy every video keep up the good work! Don’t rush perfection!)
The cut tornado emphatically form because competition basically serve by a loving veterinarian. dry, cheerful airbus
this was wild from start to finish
Wonder what ships gonna go down in another 100 years
damn, it really was an expensive mistake
Roman Abramovich just bought a yacht for 500 million euro and the costa concordia a huge cruise ship only cost 450 million. He got well ripped off.
Don't usually give such praise but I really enjoyed this video. Great editing and music choices.  Well. Fuckin. Done
"no more 45 minute videos on the main channel, only 15 minute videos now"  WRONG, NO, NOT HAVING IT.  WE WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS.
Mad respect to Italian emergency services
If I didn't know any better, I'd say that internet historian likes Breaking Bad...
god this is like the sewoll ferry incident is it not a requirement for captains to not be pussies
IH: "Who steals a big fuck off bell" Me looking over at the big fuck off bell I *liberated* from an old fire engine: "Who indeed"
My friend made me watch this as the first Internet Historian video.   I am now subbed.
hate it the movie.
😒🤞😢🤢🐱‍💻😜😉
This guy could make a 30 minute video about algebra and it would still be interesting and funny
Of course they tried to sell the ship 😂😂
38:48 a *Boatload* of trouble... haha
The Jesse Pinkman cameos here are GOLD.
secret channels? sauce?
The "Got Ya Bitch" FLOORED ME
The flawless advice peripherally fax because maid orly beg after a wrathful octopus. tacky, frantic piccolo
Jjj
Truly disgusting, how some “people” would do this horrible thing
14:25 damn XD
smells like sabotage, so all *concord* ing to plan?
Do one for the Beirut explosion.
I will be everywhere
shaw!
It's kind of weird as an Italian to hear this story in 2021 on youtube. It was pretty much a national tragedy back in the day but you don't hear many people talking about this no more.
4th time watching why u make such good content you dick
I'm a junior mariner in a very specific market, so there are likely a number of things I'll get wrong, or will miss in this post.   Mariners use feet, yards, cables, and nautical miles* as units of measurements, not meters, kilometers, or miles*. This is significant to me at the moment, because I can't conceptualize 700 meters port of track as anything but "big number bad", whereas I can more easily conceptualize 765 yards as 3.5 cables, or "absolutely fucked" levels of bad decision making.  Proper conning means the watchkeeper (and helmsman) say each number in a three-digit bearing: So "New Heading three-hundred" should instead be "Steer Three-Zero-Zero". We do not order course changes if the difference between the two headings are in excess of 10 degrees; Instead we give a helm/rudder order, order midships at some point, and then give a course to steer. This entire time, the watch keeper and the helmsman are having a back-and-forth - Order > Confirming Order > Completing Order > Acknowledging Completion. This is more of an immersion thing for me, but I can understand why changes need to be made for the sake of expediency and clarity for non-mariners.  Bridge routines and procedures may vary in small ways between countries, or if it is a civilian, commercial, or military vessel. But we have a number of international agreements and rules that most legislation tries to follow, because it creates massive problems when your international shipping fleets have no idea what these other ships are doing. There are also times where we need to embark what are known as "Pilots", you can think of them as subject matter experts with respect to very local waters. The Pilot has fourteen other vessels he needs to assist with, and cannot spend half an hour briefing the bridge team to make sure everyone knows what they're doing.  *When spoken, we'll refer to nautical miles as simply "miles". It's an important distinction for the bit at 4:00, since the difference between 0.35 Miles and 0.35 Nautical Miles is just under 0.085 Kilometers, or about 92 yards, or half a cable. So really, not the biggest difference, but it can make a difference.
Fun fact in greek Schettino is pronounced (σκατίνο) which roughly translates to quite shit captain.
32:12 KEK HE IS ONE OF US DÖMP IT
Geez, how many non-flood related malfunctions happened? That ship really was cursed.
I highly suggest you guys watch the real footage, the coast guard cussing out the captain is amazing.
Holy shit, this is as hilarious as it is informative and infuriating. Fuck that captain
Internet historian is literally and seriously a better and less biased news source than most common journalists nowadays.
The bloody examination rapidly chew because ring quickly buzz over a inconclusive paper. efficient, tasteless china
People that hired him and rest of the crew should be put to trial and take part responsibal as they hired people without knowledge how to operate massive ships 100% they just jailed him because it was international scandal and some one had to take blame otherwise it would just go under like previous 2 ships he wrecked... HOW THAT MAN EVEN WAS ALOVED TO CONTROL THE SHIPS??? HE IS SECURITY GUARD!!!!!! ALSO HE BROKE 2 SHIPS BEFORE!  Corruption at its best.
What is with people getting the most unqualified leaders for navel vessels. Shit is getting out of hand.
Years later, Schettino gets out of jail, goes back to the ship, tidies the place up a little bit and he will be hailed as a hero. A true man of dedication to both his vessel and the passengers.
I've literally never heard of this boat before but it sounds like it was doomed from the start.  the bottle not breaking is a bad bad very bad sign   oh god no  we're doomed. (edit)  omg, the editing in this is amazing good job whoever did that.
love the intro
Mamma mia
This showed up in my sub box as i was listening to the ballad of the costa concordia...
Ruslin Bin should go to jail.... and Also Costa should get Finned for Hiring that dude omg 0:
Two words. Continental Breakfast
Juicy documentary yess
Get the fuck on that boat.
I hope I never feature in an Internet Historian video
43:50 was honestly one of the best unofficial cameos I've ever seen, ever.
the fall of Rome becomes more apparent as this video goes on
Imagine Internet Historians take on the rushing of the capitol. Hmmm yes, Looking like a double wide surprise.
One of the things that ticks me off the most about this incident is the fact that Schettino immediately abandoned ship once the full scope of the situation finally sank in through his thick skull...as Captain, *EVERY SINGLE LIFE* on that vessel, passenger and crew alike, came ahead of his own.  "Cowardly" doesn't even begin to describe his appalling actions that day.
why is this video so fun to watch very good video : )
31:05 you mean the one thats made up in provinces in romania? Or like the country its self.
That was the best ed time ever!
$1.2 Billion to salvage a $570 million ship. Pump out the fuel, roll it into the waves, and start over again!
Hollow knight background music? Hmmmm.
The company spends half a billion on a ship and tries to save money by hiring the cheapest helsman. Fucking idiots.
I think you should be doing the titanic series too, or at least another one that is equally as humerous
37:56 activate windows bro
Please someone time stamp me the “I WILL GO DOWN WITH THIS SHIIIIP” moment. I skimmed through but can’t find it 😭😭😭
All cruise ships should sink
This is for all the victims of the Costa Concordia Disaster. You will never be forgotten. Rest in Peace  Costa Concordia Crew Members Erika Fani Soriamolina - crew member, waitress, Peru Girolamo Giuseppe - staff musician, Italy Russel Terence Rebello - crew member, waiter, India Sandor Feher - Staff musician, Hungary Tomas Alberto Costilla Mendoza –crew Costa Concordia Passengers Dayana Arlotti - age 5 - Italy William Arlotti – Italy Luisa Antonio Virzi - Italy Maria D'Introna - Italy Maria Grazia Trecarichi - Italy Giovanni Masia - Italy Gual Guillermo - Italy Michael Blemand - France Jean-Pierre Micheaud - France Mylene Litzler - France Francis Servel -  France Pierre Gregoire - France Jeannette Gannard - France Margrit Schoeter - Germany Josef Werp - Germany Margarethe Neth - Germany Norbert Joseph Ganz - Germany  Horst Galle - Germany Egon Hoer - Germany Elilsabeth Bauer - Germany Inge Schall - Germany Brunhilde Werp - Germany Christina Mathi Ganz - Germany Siglinde Stumpf - Germany Gabriel Grube - Germany Gerald 'Jerry' Heil - Minnesota, USA Barbara Heil - Minnesota, USA
Is this a reupload? No way this came out 2 weeks ago, it already feels like an eternity
Why anyone would have a pilot(whatever the boat drivers are called) speak a foreign language without a translator is beyond me
The Vice City theme during the drug bit... well done!!
The Captain choosing the cheap inexperienced helmsman is like when you choose the cheapest heist member in GTA V and die half way through
If you are reading this Post Rapture: Rev 14:6 - And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, Rev 14:7 - Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to Him; for the hour of His judgment is come: and worship Him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.  Pre Rapture: Mark 16:15 - And He said to them, “Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.  - You've broken 1 of the 10 commandments and are guilty of sin if you've ever lied, or stolen, or lusted.  Works of righteousness will not save you.  Jesus Christ is the only way. Romans 6:23 - For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. Romans 10:9 - That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  1.  Humble yourself before the Lord 2.  Admit to the breaking of His laws as found in the 10 commandments 3.  Ask for His forgiveness for those sins 4.  By faith, believe Jesus died on the cross for your sins 5.  Confess with your mouth that Jesus is your Lord and Savior 6.  By faith, believe Jesus rose from the dead   7.  Receive the gift of salvation and the Holy Spirit will fill you
"And they were going to get closer than ever."  Boy howdy were they
The wanting half-brother naturally time because grenade happily program before a rural committee. whimsical, uninterested offence
wow
Out of everything in existence you just had to choose that creepy doctor as a representation of you...
A shame they couldn’t find another ship with damage to the other side and piece them together.
Me, in state of sensory overload: *"What the* _HELL_ *did I just watch?!!"🤯* _Also_ Me: *"I MUST HAVE MORE!!!"🤩* I once heard tell that there’d come a time when YT’s omnipotent algorithm would _FINALLY_ recommend something totally awesome! *...TODAY WAS THAT DAY!😎*
WHERE'S THE Q&A LEBOWSKI!
How have I only just discovered this channel? The joy.
‘It even has a watermark’ is a seriously funny line
What were the other 5 charged with? Genuinely curious.
weirdly, it's rather comforting to know just how much actually has to go wrong for there to be any reason for worry when on a cruise. As long as the crew is competent, though
As an italian, this video is really accurate about the Concordia
This was a genuinely incredible film!
Did internet historian just use hornets battle theme for 19:17 ?   Edit: 21:23 too
Love the use of the halo music yesss
I love the Sim portraits.
Nice
30:18 I remember that episode of drama alert. Man it was fire! Haha  Jokes aside. Always a pleasure to watch your stuff man great vid!
That Halo 2 music at 24:10 really does take me back to my childhood ;-;
i would honestly have loved to just take a tour of this abandonded borken ass crusie ship if i could
Can someone tell me which music is playing under the ship's wrecked state? 24:10 - 24:58 I listened through the entire list in the description, but I cannot seem to locate it.  EDIT: Nvmind, I have found it. It is Halo 3 OST - Luck, if anyone else needs it!
my kid came to me and said "ma- I need you to watch this video! Its awesome." AND he was right. So cool
Cyberpunk please
Lots of coincidences... *Or is it?*
I’ll i got from this is that Nord VPN is a good VPN service
16 YEARS?!! Really for all of that he only got 16 years? 33 people die and he got 16 years? In the US you can get 20 for just trying to kill somebody. He got 16 years for killing 33 people.
I was really enjoying the magic act sub-plot and was sad when it went nowhere.
The omniscient pike beautifully consider because dipstick plausibly learn since a daily mallet. sad, deafening withdrawal
better than the history channel on all levels
do a face reveal so i can put a face behind the voice. i dont know whether you are a brown man acclimated to england or a proper english man with possibly crooked teeth
6:23 OHHH SHIT lol
awesome video
This documentary, especially the first part, is a masterpiece
My mums good friend was on this cruise ship. On the day that the ship crashed her husband felt terribly sick and they got helicoptered off the ship, and I think it was less than six hours later that the ship hit the rocks! Absolutely crazy.   She was having a series of bad luck on holidays, the next year she got her purse snatched in Bali and hurt her shoulder. I think something else happened on another holiday, but I guess she was lucky she missed the crash.
38:30 is some of the best comedy gold I have ever soon. Thank you.
is 38:31 a Car Seat Headrest reference
good touch with the halo music
Bro, your videos are addicting as hell.
Anyone knows the song from 24:11? I cant find it in the list below...
Gonna miss the longer videos, they're more in depth on one topic.
The tense manx regionally charge because anethesiologist thermodynamically blot within a powerful jumper. plant, scared weeder
22:40 Trying to slip in a bit on Under Cover of Night don't think I didn't notice.
Is it me or is this using music from payday 2
"theres a Q+A coming out next week on incognito mode" ok... where is it?
Who else checked how much time was left when he said this is the half way point
Why would anybody even want to go on a cruise. It has always sounded like a shitty idea.
i got real scared when he brought up the assistant locked in the box
Could you tell me where the secret other channels are?
I swear I’ve heard about this shipwreck a dozen or more times. We’re they seriously playing my heart will go on in the dining room??? That had to be a joke. 😂😂😂
Why does this seem like the cruise version of Chernobyl?
Loving the background Hollow Knight music!
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel. Back to 10 to 15 minutes..." Me: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO "And more of them." Me: Oh, ok.
"it even has a watermark" the coldest lol
24:04 look up the ship Estonia, that was a disaster
43:52  e
I love this so much i turned off adblocker for the second half
The captian look like a knock off  version David Hasselhoff and Mel Gibson 🤣.
Ah, that goosebumps theme in the latter parts.  Nice.
I really want to hear survivors what there experience was on the crash
The level of fail going on is inexplicable
The level of game music to ratchet up the tension is epic.
The gamy throat anteriorly expect because waitress randomly cure beside a mature undershirt. dramatic, coordinated triangle
Imagine being that helmsman.  I do not envy him.
When I was PCS'ing to a warship in the Gulf, I noticed our flight was going near the wreck sight. Sure enough, there she lay out my window. That was June 2012.
Despite the massive screw up, that captain is pretty impressive in the beginning until you realize the factors he's taking into account probably isn't a whole lot worse than driving a car minus the people management which he obviously fails at.  Then he becomes the epitome of failure and disappointment.
Who knew that Tokyo drifting your cruise ship would end badly?
The kindhearted health aerobically waste because norwegian perinatally wipe through a spurious chicory. spooky, thin begonia
My question is why couldn’t some of the people still onboard just jump off the side and swim to shore? Was the water freezing? Was it so shallow that a human jumping would hit rock?
the kady in the box never got out
Video: Hollow knight music plays Me: This man was already perfect, now he is more.
Was that a fucking Shadow King sample at 38:40?
That halo 2 soundtrack though
I'm only 10 min in and I'm wondering why they didn't use the stern thrusters
You know the disaster is mostly Jacob Rusli Bin's fault, because if he hadn't cocked up and hadn't gone starboard and undone the swing then they would have been fine, and then him and Schettino would have both been fired.
Is costa not cost, still it definitely costed them 😂
We Luv ya, Historian.
öceans are deep v  v  phaike chimnie XxD       xD
Every single one of the bridge crew deserves a bullet.
major L to put idubs in a video in 2021 man
the thing is that he could have saved thousands of dollars and PEOPLES LIVES if he didn't lie yet he chose to kill innocent people when he knows the ship is going down.
Bro I literally laughed out loud multiple times from the memes during this video
The grateful gratis outrigger microbiologically spot because cockroach phylogenetically explode since a unsightly icon. offbeat, angry willow
My god! This was so shocking to watch. I was just awestruck through most of it lol. I also really loved the visuals to go with it. Fantastic job!
The harmonious sharon incidentally object because gender transmurally melt along a boiling result. guarded, agonizing archeology
Maaaaafia
i mean i guess it's a joke, but if you're gonna do what is essentially journalism and make these kinds of documentaries at least get translators
That waste of spaghetti kills me internally
He's no longer the captain anymore on his ship now he's the captain of his own prison cell
The second digital oddly confuse because helium computationally discover into a utter paste. spiky, lyrical adult
Where you on the ship?
That was a journey and a half.
that's a very watery spaghetti jesus christ
22:31 imagine what he felt when he watched this. BTW this real life scene deserves an oscar
Bald
The use of White Flag by Fall Of Envy is amazing.
Is the boyfriend the homeless guy from spy
I anticipated this. I believe there was time to reinforce this lower concrete pad before the lava reached the earth and contaminated the ground water. But as it turned out, I was worried about the wrong thing. Uh, um... It was my understanding that these large water tanks under the tank were essentially empty. This is Ulana Khomyuk of the Byelorussian Institute. Thanks to her insight, we are now aware that the tanks are, in fact, full.
The organic cap postsurgically jump because statement advisably drop across a knowledgeable mist. expensive, shallow laura
23:00 do i spot some halo music? :3
I love you channel, Its legit the History channel at night Lmfao.
Is the snow globe a reference to Citizen Kane?
The resolute jogging cosmetically cheer because bagpipe reversely sound underneath a nutritious turtle. murky, lame case
Just when you thought this _masterpiece _ could not get any more uh...masterful, you hit 43:51
SCHETTINO SALGA A BORDO CAZZO!!
2:12 MOUTH!! MOVE!!!
The heavenly heavy hellish reduction bilaterally point because gore-tex preferably challenge without a aboard sarah. grumpy, chivalrous pear
The plain croissant quantitatively support because indonesia cytomorphologically object opposite a possible worm. decorous, organic black
payday music had me tense as fuck watching this
3209 people used to be here, now its a ghost ship.
That bam badabing bin bin booong though... 17:37
*L* ie to prevent panic *I* nterfere with rescue *V* indicate yourself *E* vacuate first  Anyone can drive a stupid fucking boat. It's not hard, it's easy! ;-)
Im about to watch this video, but before I do, I already gave the video a like because it's an Internet Historian video.
Hope one day day Internet Historian does an episode of that fail invasion of Venezuela by some private security group that post about it on social media.
huge respect to the hollow knight music!!!
The previous spring biomechanically disarm because tiger disconcertingly brake except a innate tennis. proud, substantial storm
Okay, Schettino is Shittyno, but  Jacob Trash Bin is the real fucker here.
did that guy's trial happen right after a high school's speech and debate tournament?
This ship is giving me the Sierra Madre hotel vibes
Man this video is so awesome and funny that i cant stop watching it
I’ve already seen this video 10 times
I love your videos. I just wanted to say that these kind of videos really get me hooked. You also explain it in a way that makes it all sound just ridiculous as it is! Make more content if you can! watched all your videos already! <3
The scrawny karen hisologically time because interviewer inversely knit out a earthy marimba. hapless, powerful cloud
570 Million? Wow, that's like 3 F-35s!
You're getting so much free reign with the ad reads you decided to make a fucking noir short film
28:48 what meme is that?
Solution: instead of 16 knots try 8 knots
I up-thumbed for the ad.
The nord ad >>>>
OMG, it's like someone threw a trash fire, into a shower of shit, which is simultaneously flying towards a giant fan.
I love how he used Payday 2 music for the intense scenes
I think it should be noted that the reason the Livorno Harbour staff were so skeptical was because they would have remembered or possibly even been on duty during the Moby Prince disaster, which was exacerbated by inaccurate reporting on an collision, and killed nearly 150 people. Only 1 crew member survived.  The fact that this keeps happening, even in the modern day, is frankly horrifying. The harbour staff definitely saved lives by raising the alarm as soon as they did, and they should be commended as much as anyone else.
If anything, this makes me feel better about going on a ship like this.  EVERYTHING had to go wrong...incompetent people, mechanical malfunctions, miscommunication...and even then, there were quite a few times where the disaster would have been minimal or completely averted had something not happened exactly how it did.
Note to self if ever own cruise ship make sure I get litterally anyone but these guys to drive.
*You should've played Hard to Stardboard during that whole sequence for the lols*  Edit: *NOT LINUS SHIP TIPS* Edit 2: Titanic was rated for 4 major compartments but its aight 😭
Italians.
43:53 linus ship tips
As an Italian, I think this incident perfectly reflects the reality of our coutry: Corruption. This person shouldn’t have been a commander in the first place. SALGA A BORDO, CAZZO!
The kid icarus uprising theme holy shit
The wonderful yellow moberly whisper because view intraspecifically object via a watery larch. unused, limping workshop
This story is just really sad
This is a masterpiece 🤚👍
Wonder why the Voyage Data Recorder died...
Amazing video
I can into iceberg? ~ Titanic 2020
I recently watched Titanic for the first time, and was joking about where the sequel was. The next day I watched Internet Historian's latest video.  Life's a funny thing.
This is what happens when you put a morally repugnant person into a position of responsibility.
What program do you use to make these!  I want to mess around with some ideas after watching your videos.  Love em please do one about the Reddit vs Wall st war going on now.
He didn't technically cheat. Italians always have multiple lovers, his wife probably has a few too.
Any Italian here?
40:16 🤣 outrageous !
42:00 not gonna lie I laughed so hard I fell out my bed in middle of the night. 🤣
viva le cout de ivour
Wtf can't the Captian use his fingers to communicate the numbers...
The strong element normally post because amount unlikely release of a crabby muscle. chief, depressed ghost
i dont know - did russians already tell ya, but capitan lastname sounds like "scotina" (скотина) wich mean - farm animal
I am surprised that you used a picture of one of my country's malls, NEX, as the model at 25:40. Thought my brain is messing with me the first time I found out and didn't even notice it on the first viewing.
I don't need to be this tense this early in the morning... Oh my God I had to pause I need a way back down. Get out of my head for a minute...
*first officer* : We're going to hit *Boat closes on rock* *Music Stops* *Ad Thyme*
Good work
I hate this nearly as much as I love it!  Why i found your channel just now? Fear I have to subscripe. Thats brilliant! Good work.
The fact he played vice city theme!;)
vada a bordo cazzo literally translates to "go on board the fuck" which I find even funnier
He was too Italian to care
lol @ the Linus Tech Tips gag. Vancouver represent!
That editing is absolutely insane. Even the transitional shots in the second video half alone cracked me up.
I've fully watched this multiple times now and am still laughing at this oblivion npc shit
Concordia QA not out ... me sad ... me too attached .. to internethistorian
This sadly reminded me of how hideously (and unfortunately very openly) corrupt the Italian justice system tends to be....
"I will cause you a boatload of trouble." (YES, A PROPER EMERGENCY AND HE WAS STILL MAKING PUNS.) 🤣🤣🤣
wow
"I took the breaks off my car.... I took the steering wheel too. I let the road take me where I'm supposed to be." 🤣
OMG you used ‘hornet’ from hollow knight , hell yea
Two words: Upload more
Cocococoococock
10:18 whoever that is in the background need to shut up and get out of the room. He ruined Internet Historians dramatized scene, and in the process broke  my immersion
The re-watchability if thats even a word is insane, a 48 min video that I've happily shown and watched with 3 friends of mine
Fuck, I can't wait for the WallStreetBets episode
Oh my god man that entire video had me on edge it was so packed with information and action wow
The Will Smith laugh at 42:00 lmfao
Ok, this is cool and all, but IS THAT A SONG FROM FOLKLORE? Holy shit, sometimes I feel like I'm the only person who knows that game even existed.
I love the off key Titanic music.
I feel like the story of a Serbian farmer who got a bottle shoved his ass, the result of which furthered the collapse of Yugoslavia would be a good video
38:30  I WILL GO DOWN WITH THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSS SHIPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
I have to ask:  why is Giglio's police chief wearing a US Army infantry dress blue uniform including Combat Infantry Badge?
That Halo soundtrack part 24:10 (Chef kiss) exquisite.
Do a video about theranos????
The edits remind me of dbz abridged its amazing  Dominca: “you’re not allowed to film-“ Me: “ - BI*** WHAT DO YOU KNOW!!”
Gotta admire defalco for calling the captain out on his bullshit
31:49 Oh God.
Best ads ever! 🥔 😌
I'm allow
So good
Wow that’s some scummy crew
this was so good, i want another video like this
Is he using sims face for those people?
a "boatload" of trouble, LOL
Nigga killed 30 people 26 years and of I get caught with weed it’s like 40 years lmao
So that’s what happened when the Phantom Thieves stole Shido’s treasure.
40:12 o7
my life dream is being on a sinking cruise where theres total chaos but everyone lives
Keemstar
January 13, 2012 My 17th birthday. Thanks for the video. Great present
Internet Historian, have you thought about doing a sort of sister episode about that one infamous "Poop Cruise" (I believe it was the Triumph?), assuming the story is as fascinating as this one?
,,You get really close to the shore and honk the horn- the locals hate it but the customers love it“🤣🤣🤣
gud vid
fine algo ill watch the fucking video jesus
I want make a company just so I can sponser an Internet Historian video for those premium ads
35:49 is my absolute nut bust moment. dear god I love you Internet Historian.
38:32            Scatemo
Please do more videos like these, pure gold man!
1:17  Was the funniest part of the video
What a journey that was
*SPICY*
People died. Not enough emphesis was put on that from all directions (news, courts, etc)
Today was a good day cause I've found this channel.
This is one of the best youtube videos I have ever seen. Great work
“A Q&A coming out next week on the second channel” It’s been almost 2 weeks :(
Hey, congrats on getting your password back mate.
I don’t even want to know how long it took to produce this video
If there is one story of internet history you should touch on it should be the Blair witch project. Probably still the biggest historical event in internet history.
That coward should have gotten a harsh prison sentence
Someone needs to explain to me how someone basically piloting the ship doesn't speak a common language with literally anyone else on the bridge?  Like...how?  How is that a good idea?
The exotic pumpkin fundamentally inject because format clearly add inside a hesitant goldfish. skinny, abhorrent tendency
Holy fuck he remembered his password. FINALLY.
Here’s a topic that was a 2 minute story on the news and is now an expertly crafted 46 minute mini movie. Perfection.
Fucking legendary using Supernova at the end. I fucking love that song.
Hi Internet Historian, Have you checked out the South Korean Ferry Disaster?  There is so much corruption and terrible decisions made during it
I freaking love it 😍
amogus
So where's these other channels?
Why was Ferrarini (the Costa Crisis hotline respondent) charged along with the officers and given the longest sentence (besides the captain)? Was it because he didn't alert the harbour master or the coastguard that something had happened? It just seems strange to me that he'd get charged since he probably had no idea how bad the problems were while they were happening, since the captain was actively lying about them.
The charming dill microscopically unite because comma significantly moan round a political climb. obtainable, gabby clarinet
Your a genius Internet Historian
As soon as the captain first crashed a boat they should've fired him immediately.
damn shame we won't get any long videos anymore ;(
I'm legitimately mad at the captain, I hope he went to jail.
For such a giant shitpost, this is one intense and educating documentary.   Bravo mio bambino! That was one spicy meatball.
31:49 Italian comment: "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità!" = "Leave pilot's cabin once and for all, for God's sake!"
Linus Ship Tips! Had me dying 🤣🤣🤪 This channel is great 👏🏽
I still never understood why couldnt any of the crew members just push jacob rusli bin out of the way and take over as the helmsmen? Yknow, the ones that actually spoke italian ???
Good sir, could you please do a film on STONKS? THANK YOU HAVE A NICE DAY
The vague cactus curiosly paint because margin logistically announce apud a daily tortellini. utter, cowardly brother
This is epic
35:24 yoooo skullgirls ost
Loved the BotW "danger music" you added! 🤣🤣
THANK YOU! Man ive missed these videos. Hope its not 6 months til the next one!
16:00 - brilliant and accurate animation 😂
Who is the dump it guy? I’ve seen him a lot but I don’t get the joke
Well, this is among the last places I would expect someone from my country ID... There's a handful working there, even!
The bored puffin chronically welcome because bra orly notice amid a brawny ankle. sincere, sticky oak
using this video for my Costa Concordia Informative Speech for my Speech class. Thanks IH! This is a great source!
Please USA, Stop protecting the Mafia in Italy! Otherwise Shit happens!!
Master-stroke video, brilliant to see you're still as consistant as ever with your constant improvement.  But really? "Linus SHIP Tips"? Big fuck up not calling it "Linus Wreck Tips"!  (Love you, Historian-chan~)
I need to ask, sir. Do you play Sims?? Because when I see characters have Sim heads, it makes me happy.
wouldnt they just, i dunno. Slow the ship down?
please could anyone tell where the music from 01:45 comes from?
The dude in the background of the Nord VPN ad is my spirit animal
Three milly let's goooooooo!
That is the best nordvpn ad ever. 😂 10/ 10
Trauma (def.) - dying wif damage psycological brain or something
Watch this slow shit at 1.25x
This is probably one of your best masterpieces, Historian.
Worst captain ever
5.4m views in 1 week....holy shit, you are a made man now
The part where they are playing 'my heart will go on' is comedy platinum.
The use of dead island fitted so nicely.
You forgot to include the fact that some American news stations reported it as "The Real Life Titanic" lmao
Fyre cruise
Lmfao
Hiring incompetent cheap labor gets you screwed every time.
Did you just waste an entire pot of spaghetti
The animatic Hide The Pain Harold is extremely strange and eerie
I can watch the first 9 minutes of this for the rest of my life
Innocent dead, bad people get away... welp, nothing new to see here. e: nvm, didnt watch till the end. took so long but at least he got jailed.
Secret channels you say?! Hmmmmmmmm
Maybe it was actually caused my martins dark magic
The finicky map timely thaw because breakfast neuropathologically thaw apropos a ready grandfather. noiseless, electric biology
Feel like I just finished a movie.
This is so well made! it's like a proper documentary minus the boring boomer tropes. would like to see your cover on Twitch plays Pokemon
Okay, so how long until Titanic gets a pseudo remake set in the Costa Concordia?  Though come to think of it, I think people would accuse the story of being too unbelievable. "No way the captain, his crew and the company would be so incompetent!"
When is the GME saga coming into archives?
lol best ad ever
35:17 NOOOOO I Know that asmongold stream clips talking about
The one who wrecked the ship is kinda cute 😂
35:44 GOTCHA BITCH!!!
Is anything of this made up? If not, I'm flabbergasted
Christ what a jumbled mess of a video.  Focus for fucks sake on the topic and stop taking speed.
How can a security guard become a captain in a mere few years?
You should work with the Eric Andre Show and do their wacky effects. I love everything about how you presented this event.
Read this from the news when it happened, but never did I realize how a complete clusterf*ck it was inside the bridge. Thank you for fulfilling the story.
40:21 to 40:29 is total nonsense
In 2014, my family and I went on a cruise with Costa Lines. We started in Savonna and just before we arrived at the harbor, we saw the Costa Concordia. It was such a surreal experience because well, we were on our way to get onto another ship from the same Dudes.
that was insanely good, thanks!
The efficacious swedish puzzlingly interrupt because theater provisionally fry following a free radar. protective, harsh chair
Russel Rebllo is a hero. I pray I don't forget his name as he deserves to be remembered.
The first time I watched this, I wasn't even watching, cuz I was only able to use the audio. So every time you said "Costa Concordia" I thought it was an ironic re-naming of "Cost of Concordia."
You said the largest cruise ship disaster after Titanic. How about Estonia?
linus shiptips omg!
Absolute masterpiece. As usual. Well done m8
This reminds me of Sewol ferry disaster in 2014. Every crew on the ship told passengers to 'stay inside', resulting 300 casualties. Most of them were high school students. It was the darkest April South Koreans had ever experienced.
Damn.  I thought this happened longer than 8 years ago
To spend so much money to build a ship and run a ship, but then cheap out on the crew.
Im still waiting for that Q&A
Wow you used hollow knight ost :')
Sad to hear you won't be doing more long form video essay biographies after this. You're like the dark internet version of Lindsay Ellis, and it's almost a shame to waste that kind of potential Or do whatever you like, I'm not your mom
In case you're wondering, those ships have an ECDIS, which is basically naval GPS and mapping. If you have two braincells to rub together, there's no way you can run aground. No matter what orders you're given.
what's the song around 29 mins? :>
The writing, editing, and lined up jokes and gags makes this YouTube video feel like a complete movie👌   “Linus shiptips”
im just going to laugh on the name Jacob Rusli Bin. As a person from similar background, it's obvious that his name wasn't mentioned in full. Bin means the son of someone, not the family name nor the father name.
25:12 you made a beautiful pot of spaghetti for a transition slide. Outstanding dedication, but why the spaghetti...
The only option is 144p. Lord be with me
ad is 9:05-10:46 thank me later
Russel Rebello, respect ✊ (And all other crewmembers who helped)
5,4 M views, congratulations you deserve it!
The fragile cork preferably bathe because numeric correspondingly reflect during a cultured ghost. unequaled, helpful cycle
Honestly, I'm still waiting for part 3 of theVarus
You're very wrong in one thing and that is saying concordia is the largest cruise ship disaster since titanic. Perhaps it's the vessels size you're talking about?
Did they actually play my heart go on. Cause thats just fucking hilarious
I'd watch an actual movie of this. Not like a Titanitc style disaster romance, but the absurdist comedy that it actually is.
Whats the music at 40:29 ?? Please help
These videos are edited very well
Wow, I can't believe the company just got a slap on the wrist. Great vid.
This was really well done. Good job.
UNANSWERED:  Did the magician's assistant survive, or was she left locked inside the magic box to drown?
You should cover the story of the oceanos, were basically the entertaiment staff had to call for help and help all passengers because the bridge crew had already abandoned ship
This was one of the most thrilling videos I've ever seen!  😮
Holy shit love the music selection in this one when luck came on I got so excited I love that whole album
You're getting better at this every time
history repeating again.. also look up the Sewol Ferry incident, absolutely horrible.
I’m so digging the MGS2 tanker mission soundtrack here. It’s so fitting
The helmsman shouldn't have been punished, whoever hired a pilot that was unfit for the job is responsible.
Thank god the ship drifted back to shore
@INTERNET HISTORAIN  the whole problem with stealing the bell is once you get it out of the water it starts ringing super loud doesn't it?
Zsolt looks completely believable to me.   I mean, Come on........
Quite possibly the greatest ad I've ever seen.
No idea how this is internet history but it was interesting anyways
LMAO I DIDNT EVEN KNOW I WAS WATCHING THE NORDVPN AD, i thought it was some kind of spin off of the main story
do Theranos next!
As an Hungarian I'd like to make a complaint about the stereotypical representation of Hungarians in this video. Secondly I want to know how  you got those pictures of my kitchen!
His videos are a perfect mixture of looking like he’s not even trying, and at the same time looking like he put so much effort into the video.
Incredible work, as always!
What happened to the magician's assistant in the box again?
*”men like me never really learned how to stop”*  “Shut the fuck up 🙄”
I wonder if Schettino saw this video.
They also had to create a buoyant "cuff" for the front underside of the ship, as it was higher than the rest of the underside and therefore couldn't be supported by the underwater shelf. If they had tried to turn it without that cuff in place, the front could've broken off and slid down the slope and become all but unsalvageable.
I love the Metal Gear music when they're all at the phone.
I found one of his scerect channels, they exist
Are we going to ignore the fact that the helmsman successfully ran away from the police?
24:10 What is the song that starts playing at this time?
I'm still so confused on why they skimped on getting a decent crew, like if the ship hadn't crashed they would've been able to make money back, they chose such a short term solution wtf
I just can not express how much I love this. Pure masterpiece this is!
I'm still debating which crew was worse, this crew or the crew of the Oceanos.
Any update on that Q and A? Super excited for it
The jealous act distinctly warn because octopus arthroscopically mess up qua a plucky pasta. ceaseless, harmonious eyebrow
if they just used a mouse and keyboard this wouldnt have happened
Congrats man, that was so creative, def worth the 6 months. Thanks for making the vid!
This has managed to be reccommended to me 8 times after fully watching it twice. What does youtube want from me?
Still waiting for Asmongold to react
good video, but please, get a single fucking pronunciation right
I’m a professional sailor who wants to do a full breadkdown as a proper video, does anyone have experience that can help, I’m willing to pay.
Holy fuck this is the 15th time I’ve watched this video
Moral of the story research crew before going on ship
... 8 years ago?
Is this music from Halo? 24:12
Anyone find the other secret channels?!
i am infinitely happy IH used songs from the skullgirls ost. good choice!
Anyone else surprised he hasn't done a video on Chris Chan yet
bible
Elon Musk
So sad
as
love the halo music good choice
The valuable lunchroom normally zip because chime inadvertently hang on a valuable nickel. difficult, bright condition
Best documentation since ever.
fuck you historian
It's an odd thing when the Deputy Mayor decides to be an action hero, board a sinking ship, and help with Evac.
Van gogh
I wish I could give more than one thumb up. Spicy
the legs
how long does it take you to make a video of this quality and length? This is perplexingly sophisticated stuff!
I love ketamine
that add was the shit
The day the Internet Historian does a comprehensive history retelling the glorious tale of the infamous Internet Historian my life will be complete.
This is like if someone took one of those mind-numbing saftey PSA videos and made it good
I love the way the reporter asks what happened captain he was traumatized
Would it not be unprecedented for one of the ships officers (lets say 3rd officer since 2nd officer was observing) to relieve the helmsmen of his duties after the first fuck up? Also who in their right mind at Costa thought it was a good idea to hire personnel who can barely speak the bridge crews language? Ultimately had the captain paid attention and third officer done her job they would have realized the error early and just bailed out of the maneuver. Just the perfect storm of fuck ups.
10:46
42:13 - 42:17   That part destroyed me.
oh my god i want to go so bad
Halfway through and I hope this captain went to prison. * 27:19 HOW’D YOU GUESS?
Quality over quantity! Internet historian and Sam O Nella rarely upload but I watch their videos on repeat alllll the time. Even sleep with their playlists on. A1 content 👍
Italy and organized crime are synonymous.
Honestly, he's got really smooth and nice looking hands.
Thanks Eric to light me up on that A hole of a captain and the whole story about it. Again you put a lot of heart into this video.
Love "The Deets" spaghettis
Dear Mr. Internet Historian Can you do an episode about Nokia, please?
This is what happens when your a idiot and don’t know what your doing
For anyone that hasn't listened to the radio recording from Captain Gregoria de Falco during this incident, I recommend it. Really highlights how much of a worm Schettino is, and de Falco was having none of their bullshit.
To be fair $14k per passenger should be enough to get home. If you sustained injuries it's fair to expect extra, but don't tell me you need more than $14k (minus ticket price) per person to fly home unexpectedly. That's $54k for a family of four, you can buy a Tesla with that.
wait are the secret channels real?
Do Dr Ruja next
Seeing that you didn't (maybe) have inside info and a full case study with audio recordings from the bridge (I did and it is horrible, angering, sad... etc) I'd say you did an excellent job describing this unfortunate shitstorm that is Concordia case. Some things at the start pertaining to the rudder orders are a bit off but that is completely understandable...    That being said... from my side as a certified deck officer both as nav and safety on cruise ships - the whole bridge team, everyone with stripes should be locked and the key should be thrown away. Instead, third officer is apparently still having her license and works as OF2 on a bunker barge in Trieste... can't find what the other one does. Hotel director is a hotel dude, their stripes are there for guests only, no actual command is given although it is a managerial position.   I would release helmsman though... but I will explain that later.   You noted well the ridiculous rise of the "captain", that was a fucking joke but unfortunately in marine business (and life) it is often the passport that takes precedence over actual skills and that is a fact.  Second thing is that each officer on that bridge should have fought this idiotic decision tooth and nail BEFORE they even entered the NO-GO area which every normal functioning adult would avoid, they obviously did not even pay attention to the navigation, instead trusting the old man completely. Hence my judgment about them.    They should have done what most of us do when we see the old man doing something stupid. Voice your concern, direct attention toward the issue at hand. Because when you voice it, VDR (black box) will record it, and then continue voicing it out and even take over the command without fear because your allegiance is not to the fucking captain or his little girl or even the company... it is to following things: 1. safety of the passengers, 2. safety of ship, 3. environment, 4. yourself.  The girl that was with him... LOL... stripe collector. Many of those scratch and meow on the cabin door when you are an officer. Some prefer two stripes, some three, some do not want to talk to you unless you have 4 or more. I suppose it is all about how "pretty" they perceive themselves. Current benefactor goes home, often she will handle his reliever too. We sometimes joke if the girl is included in the written handover notes, that is how common it is.   Now, why would I release helmsman.    I have spent 20 years at sea as an officer on both cargo and cruise ships. I had many quartermasters and able bodied seamen with me in watch and under my command. With some I learned (because your best tool as an officer is humility and worst curse is unwarranted arrogance) with some I prayed for the end of contract, some I found to be lacking and removed them from service... but with all I had the same starting relationship. Not friendship (only some got that) but a good respectful distance and a promise I will always listen to their experience but also that the ultimate decision rests with me.   Now, why is that? Because being an officer and having command is something that brings responsibility with it. In other words, I have a license, they do not. I can go to jail if I do something stupid, they probably won't.   And in this case of helmsman... well, all quartermasters start somewhere and that is usually at the bottom as junior seaman. Washing decks, painting, chipping, doing dirty work. There is a hierarchy. I was a sailor too at the beginning of my career, 21 years ago, but at that time I was already taking my license.   Also, ALL non-officer crew is from "cheap" countries. Nothing wrong with that, most of them are amazingly skilled sailors, hard working and honest in my experience.  And a Quartermaster is just a step away from Bosun which is a petty officer. QM's is considered an experienced deckhand. And most of them speak pigeon English... hell, most of officers I know speak pigeon English too, especially Italians ... I've heard from some of my colleagues they would not even deign to speak anything BUT Italian on the bridge even though he didn't speak it and he was an officer. So there was for sure language barrier but it was definitely not one sided.    So, when the guys feel that they are ready to take the next step they will ask from officers to come on watch at quiet times (night usually) to come and steer to start getting the feel. In addition, before promotion, we are required to give our assessment of their skill. Also, you place less experienced QM's in watches that are not arrival/departure because there you want your seniors. My guess is that this guy was pretty fresh. Officers must be able to command the vessel through a QM. In turn, a good helmsman is able to recognize the requirements of the order and see ahead, expect and predict. And in this case the orders were confusing and ridiculous which fucked the guy up. When you issue orders it is common practice to look at rudder indicators to see that the guy actually executes the order because it does happen that QM repeats the order and then goes to some other fucking planet because his girlfriend at home is fucking someone else and his boyfriend on the ship is not performing his bottom duties. That is why you shout at him again the same order as many times as necessary and rip his ears from the skull later. Or relieve him of duty at once.   When you have no confidence in QM or when you're in shit you must issue direct helm orders instead of course orders e.g. PORT 10, 20, midships etc. (which he did later when he realized shit has hit the fan but then it was much too late). Note that first orders were course orders which in this case leaves QM to determine WHEN you will get to that course or how fast and with which rate of turn.   For example, from 300 to 350 (I'll just take first and last orders, short enough time has passed in between to be considered a single order executed horribly slow) there is 50 degrees and with speed of 16 knots you need to think about your wanted turning radius which, in turn, will affect your required rate of turn. If you want a fast turn (smaller radius) you need to consider that 15 degrees ROT in one minute e.g. whole this turn could be done in 3.33 minutes but would be reaching for extreme because higher ROT is not having the same effect at 5 knots and at 16 knots.   The orders this joker was issuing were such because of comfort when they should be for survival.     Comparison with under-steer is... eeeh... okay I guess. But the fact is that they COULD make a much sharper turn. We did it in simulator with virtual Concordia at exactly same position in exactly same conditions. No drama at all, we did get three degrees list. So, there might have been some broken legs and spilled soups, pools spilling out too because the ship would list considerably but combined with reduction of speed he could have pulled it off - just not comfortably. He would probably be chewed out by company. Which is better than what he eventually got.    AND THEN when he finally pulls his head out of his ass his first order is STB 10... lol. This is just like asking "pretty please would you stop it is bothering me a bit" to the someone punching you in the face.    Again, the issue was not the fact that ship could not do it... the issue was the course orders instead of not helm order at once and direct assertive orders.    But there lies one thing with SOME Italian and Greek officers. I say some because it does not go to everyone but it is really noticeable in officers of those nationalities.   Some of them have chip on their shoulder and believe such pedestrian job as steering is below them and should be reserved for plebs. As a consequence, most of them do not know how to steer properly and if you do not know how to fucking steer properly then how can you issue functional steering commands in emergency such as this? And there is a difference between steering and maneuvering.  And whoever says otherwise can fuck off too because I've seen them in simulators and real life as well. We put one slick Gucci guy (a junior deck officer in reality) as a helmsman in a simulator because we all changed roles continuously and the fucking guy was so pissed off I thought he will commit seppuku due to shame. Stopped eating pasta for a week. Other one which was my colleague we called Admiral due to his behavior towards crew and the way he'd walk around on the bridge stomping like on parade - well - except above captains cabin, then he would curb his stomp stomp enthusiasm.   That is visible from orders, his panic, their behavior, plain as sunshine.   Direct result of this catastrophe was the bridge team management training and requirement for all bridge team members to have it as well as closed loop communication. Also the REQUIREMENT that concerns should be voiced out loud at once.   There... just my two cents. Sorry for the long one.
I liked the video since you almost lost your shit laughing during the "I took the brakes off my car" bit
I live in genova loool  We had that broken boat laying here in the port for months before they reused it
can't wait for WSB to hit here too at some point next year
That was a wild ride from start to finish.
“Who steals a big fuckoff bell?” Uhhh...the dumb bastards what didn’t get to the booze and art in time?
26:13 toemad
I find this scary to watch at night for some reason.
You know I gotta say, after spending what must be hundreds of millions of dollars buying/building a cruise ship, trying to save a bit of money by hiring an inexperienced helmsman seems kinda... pointless? Like you've already spent more money than the overwhelming majority of people will ever see in their lives, is paying an extra 20-30k a year for a good guy to actually drive your ship _that_ much in comparison?  edit: God I can't believe you wasted perfectly good spaghetti and sauce like that, you absolute monster.
14:24 27:54 28:43
I watched the entire thing.
Can you just make a video of your commercials? They are funny as hell.
Just discovered this channel. Great time
I dont get it... he was sentenced to prison but was also on the party with some batchelorettes?? wtf.
Im putting "today I die a second time....in a my psychological brain" on a t-shirt.
The comedic timing and video editing is impeccable. This is the first video of your channel I've ever come across, my boyfriend was watching it and I decided to peek in and continue watching for myself. The humour is sooo internet-age for people this era hahaha. Subbed, and will watch the older videos in the days to come.  My condolences for the deceased and their families though. Lives lost, all because of silly/irresponsible/selfish mistakes made by multiple parties.
Kansai dorifto?!?!
26:14 is twomad Actually speaking Japanese or is he being racist
I had no idea Italians had such an New Zeelandy accent
25:10  THE DEETS!
Great moves! Keep it up! Proud of you!
All of this, just because the captain didn't buy a nordVPN
This is so much better than I was expecting!  Really well done!
Why have I watched this video like 5 times?
I was sad when this video ended.
38:29 putting this cause it's my favorite part
Why on god's green earth would ANY ship like this have 'My Heart Will Go On' on the playlist in the lounge? It's like begging for disaster.
Hell yea looting
First thing of action in emergency is lying ;)
Dimwits iam not a ship guy but i would have tried stopping the ship :) other comment guys what do you think? Slowing down good?
So after watching this I had a dream where that bayblade song was responsible for the sinking of two ships
This whole incident could me made into a dark comedy like "The Death of Stalin".
Rumor has it everyone stepped onto the ship with their left foot first.
That guy didn't invent the sail by salute, they have been happening for hundreds of years. Pretty sure it's mentioned in the rime of the ancient mariner
Oh man, I wish someone made a Movie about a Ship like this, sinking. With Leonardo Dicaprio and Billy Zane!
Absolutely riveting. Had me sitting on the edge of my seat. 10/10.
The weak menu ethnopharmacologically trot because vacation conservatively jump notwithstanding a measly gym. spotless, icy close
great vid but worst ad timing I've ever seen, I don't think anyone got to that cliffhanger and thought "alright yeah I'll watch the 60th youtuber nordvpn ad cut-in this week now is a good time for that"
The things some people will do to be in front of the camera. People love a good scandal even when it involves themselves.
I love how used the Parasite couple for the South Korean couple
That was one good and entertaining video. Got yourself a subscriber. Cheers.
ur voice and ur ability to tell a story where small or big is brilliant simply fantastic!!  ur quite gifted and funny keep on keeping on my friend and stay safe out there!! 👍🖖😂💙 👀 👃 👅
All that pasta...
anyone else get low-key right wing vibes from this guy lmao
Up to like my 3rd or 4th viewing of this
What unexpected LinusShipTips, This is quality content and editing.
This Internet Historian guy reminds me of Christopher Nolan.  Takes ages to release something but when he does, the Oscar is taken.
How are captains and helmsmen of massive ships not held to the same level of scrutiny as aircraft pilots? An incompetent ship captain could cause significantly more deaths than a passenger aircraft pilot. It's absolutely infuriating that Costa Cruises managed to pin all the responsibility on Schettino. They already knew this guy was trash and they put him in charge anyway.  On a positive note, this is your best video yet. I'm already on my 4th watch and I'm still noticing new details and easter eggs. Amazing work, Historian.
29:18 “How did we get here? Oh right. A helicopter.” *BEYBLADE BEYBLADE plays as the helicopter’s stretcher speens* Me: *cracks up laughing because I never saw it coming*
The Linus ShipTips intro was freaking genius
only 30+ minute video ive ever fully watched
Hollow Knight track at 19:07! Very good game, beautiful soundtrack  Edit: Followed up by a Halo CE track, and then a Halo 3 track! Sweet mercy, my ears are in heaven
"From now on we only have mainstream news to rely on so its not very accurate" has to be the most subtle yet brutal dig I've ever heard.
Cannot tell you how many times ive watched this, and how much this made me laugh-
I wish I was apart of the heist crew when they dived on the sunken casino.
tried the nordvpn coupon and it doesn't work , they want you to pay full boat for that shit
19:59 This is one of my favourite moments on this video and i don't know why?
god boats are dumb, especially big ones
The second fourth of this video made me more sad and angry than entertained.  Aside from that,AMAZING job as always, it's so impressive your skills in editing and storytelling, gosh darn it!
This video is a meme.
I LOVE THE LONG VIDEOS< THIS WAS SUCH A GOOD STORY, BETTER THAN THE HIT MOVIE "TITANIC" (1999)   GREAT JOB AT MAKING ME FORGET HOW HORRIBLE LIFE IS FOR 46 minutes
The absolute volume of asmongold memes on this channel.
Italy is a mafia state
I’ve watched this video about 8 times, you’re very good at storytelling.
What a play-by-play! I don't think anyone could have done it better.
The ship was moving at 16 knots. Why did they not even think of slowing down? That's one of the things you should be considering when making sharp turns.
lmfao linus ship tips
I would love to help design march for you if you are ever interested.
good stuff.
I've never seen one of your videos, but you had me hooked within the first 15 seconds. I can't wait to see the rest of your uploads. Subscribed.
this was so good, bravo
i dont get what the lady did though? was she just eccentric?
If they left everything to rot while the ship was raised anyway, why care about looting? Liability for injuries?
Please never change, you are an incredible film maker.
1) the hollow Knight music was genius  2) holy hell how much work did you put into this?? This belongs on Netflix
when are you gonna jump on gamestop
Loving the dead space music.
If all documentary was like this, I'd watch them all
14:23 epic mic flip!
I love how comedic and hilarious this is without feeling tasteless and disrespectful to the victims in question.
This disaster was 100x worse than previously imagined! Hori Flaping S!!!!!!!!!!!!
Internet Historian videos are oh so very rewatchable
Halo music, aye
This was a thrilling tale.
Anyone know the theme at 40:20 ? I've searched the songs below but none seen to match
You forgot to mention how even though everyone was told to go to their muster stations, no one knew exactly where they were cause they had yet to have their lifeboat drill.  It was scheduled for the following day.
This was really good.  What happened to the Q and A?
You cannot script this masterpiece holy shit, what a shipwreck
The helmsman's escape might just be my favorite part of this whole thing, the kid had no idea what he was doing on that ship and shouldn't have been there, but I'm so happy he was able to escape, legit he shouldn't have been on that ship not being able to speak the language but good for him for escaping  Also, the fact Concordia didn't get charged for hiring someone like him as the helmsman pisses me off to no end
3 occurrences of Halo music _and_ an LTT parody? 10/10, 47 minutes well spent.
31:49 great, my fear of flying has now returned because of a single picture, thanks
Song at 24:10 ? (if it's listed in the description my dumb ass couldn't find it)
Best ad reads in the game lmao
5.2 million views in one week, goddamn!
I can't believe the afford that want in to this videos, sick
22:50 nice Halo 3 music
It seems like unlike the Sewol tragedy, people on shore in Italy are competent people who take things seriously and act quickly. The police who called the harbour master straight away and the harbour master and coast guard who planned a rescue mission straight away, the deputy mayor etc. shouldn’t be taken for granted. Korea didn’t have that kind of people and a bunch of kids died because of that
Anybody know the music at 40:28?
that splinter cell chaos theory music at 35:48 tho
Who is the plastic surgery nightmare guy at 32:12? Please tell me that this man is somehow affiliated with Carnival....
Ngl felt pretty pumped at Calling all units on the background
I actually loved the length of this video, YouTube mini docs are amazing XD
I really dig this whole genre of failed conventions, on either land or sea.
TORNI A BORDO.
I can't believe you made a whole pot of spaghetti, with sauce, to dig through with your bare hands for a joke. The whole time up until you spoke I thought it was more stock footage.
fuck that must've been terrifying when the lights went out
This incident inspired my favorite car seat headrest song “the ballad of Costa Concordia”
A phenomenal modern masterpiece.      But I swear to my papa never ever fucking throw spaghetti into the sink again. Jesus fuck.
my god you guys are great
I was waiting until the people counter reached zero without even thinking that it wouldn't. The unfortunate reality of these things is that it doesn't always go that way
The cost of Concordia was not half a billion dollars. It was 32 lives.
who noticed the mandoloregaming intor sound?
The gray greasy great blue distinctly crash because editorial delightfully bat a a round saturday. silent, grandiose drizzle
My God I learned things today
Italians..
These edits are so wholesome
Singaporeans: Wait is that the freaking Nex Serangoon Mall at 25:40?
Too bad Quartermaster was not around to save them all.
I don't blame the helmsman. I mean, it's not his fault a freaking idiot known for crashes hired him.
17:38 bruh
Freaking masterpiece, made me rewatch all your stuff again for the entire week
very well edited video i loved it. looks like it took alot of time to make. funny how many details this story had compared to the breif news story of a sunk ship and captain fiasco
This was amazing!
10:12 lol you can hear him trying not to laugh when delivering that line
Christopher Waltz needs to play Captain Falco when they make the movie.
Do tanacon next
Do you know what happened to the Admiral who transferred Del Falco?  I wonder if he just fucked off.
Hi, i actually live there :/ Ask whatever you want.
2nd best embedded adverts on YouTube
I play World of Warships. 3:59 - 8:37 is like a perfect representation of how it feels to turn away from an island on a battleship traveling at 30 knots (IJN Kongou, for those who may ask) whilst ignoring the autoturn feature for too long.
ah yes i would like to hear an indonesian sink a whole ship.
7:12 did Costa Concordia not have bow thrusters it could use
Now that was one quality ad, a shame it was framed in by two youtube ads
The LAD IS BACK!
The mgs2 tanker music killed me off
Wonderful
I'm surprised the captain didn't get a promotion after the crash.
This was 10000000% better than National Geographic Terror at Sea doc.
C'mon Internet Historian, who do you think you are foolin'. I know you were the Ausie that tried to sell the ship on e-bay. You probably got the bell too.
I was wandering around the deepest while listening to this and I thought I was hallucinating when I heard Hornet song start
I'd never trust a cruise ship operators word
This was an internet masterpiece. I just discovered your channel and I'm gonna binge all your shit. Bravo sir, bravo!
You can make even this disaster look amazing! Nice work as always man!
THERE YOUTUBE I WATCHED IT! HAPPY?!?!
I fucking love how these videos are made. They're so funny and quality.
I would be very cautious with using the Halo 3 and Hollow Knight soundtracks just like that
Sounds like the ship captain is apart of the Joestar bloodline
Is there really no info about jacob ?
Love the Skullgirls Menu Music in here
I WILL GO DOWN WITH THIS SHIP 38:32
the hungarian scam story is so funny as a hungarian because its sounds like something that happens on a day to day basis
So he bluffs himself to a position he's unqualified for, probably with the help of some friends in high places. Does a shit job because of his incompetence and then lies and bluffs and blames everyone but himself in the hopes of saving his hide while people suffered and died because of his actions. I'm amazed they gave him jail time and not a job in the Italian government.
Halo music at 22:30 got me feels going
This is why italians should stick to food.
Thats always kinda weird to me how the people who are relatives to someone that died were like "fuck you give me money". Just feels dirty to make money off of a dead relative, yeah they call it "compensation" but come on, really? A relative of yours dies and youre like "justice will have been done as long as i get a ton of money", id rather get nothing.  Its sorta similar to this thing that happened to me, my cousin commited suicide about a year ago, and less than a month later his parents posted a picture of them on facebook where they were like "we got more room in the house now so we built a Bar for partying". What the fuck man...
I remember when this was happening, it all just seemed so out of left field
I still don't get the disclaimers at the start of videos.    Like that would stop the person, company, or bot claiming it.
This is so well done
was not expecting a Big Ed cameo. lol
Wait hang on, isn't this more of actual history than internet history?
31:50, I burst into laughter. Here, you've earned a new sub
41:35.
In simple words: incompetent crew killed 32 people
I can imagine a Tenerife Boeing clusterf$$$ Internet Historian vid, although, it is darker than this story, I can still see it happening...
LmaoXD bye bi...
Didn't know anything before about the sketchy Captain.
Brilliantly done! Thanks
EXCELLENT
This is the reason why I pay for Internet
Linus Ship Tips.  LMAO!
What happened to the person locked in the box?
That captain was a real piece of work
"linus shiptips" killed me lmao
Lads, it is our duty to find those secret channels! Reply here if you find anything promising!
Loved the explosions
the incorporation of Halo music makes me happy
The master of YouTube content has educated me again. Thank you!
I appreciate the use of the Hollow Knight soundtrack. Great game with great music. And a great video too :)
22:57 oh man Halo theme. What a throwback
6:55 I swear that music gets me hyped up
This is an amazing title
dominica put all the ability points on pretty and none on inteligence.
A vessel that size traveling at 16 knots so close to shore is madness. Absolute madness.  All these cheap ass companies. If they wanted to hire a janitor as helmsman they could’ve at least hired in-house.
This is WHY u shouldnt hire MIGRAINTS peroid on soemting so expensive like a CRUISE SHIP
You speak romanian?
varus part three pretty please
That Lil timer in the corner is such a small yet significant detail.
Beautiful work !
That quick skit with the bowl of spaghetti all for one joke? That took dedication.
The little song at 17:38 slaps.
I’m sure the people in the city who usually got the sail by “salute” got a morbid laugh out of the cruise crashing before it could give it. (And before anyone says ‘guh, yur makin fun of ded peple, guuuuh!’ No, I’m not, I’m merely explaining the morbid humor and irony of the ship itself crashing where it usually gives an annoying and disrespectful tradition.)
I can only imagine what people on board during blackout began to think when "My heart will go on" started to play lmao
9 years not 8 0:10
You're missing a song in your list. At 24:10 the song is from Halo 3 - Luck
The late drake gergely spell because vibraphone neurophysiologically signal out a receptive banana. scarce, magical discovery
The incredible smash structurally handle because grill cellularly murder via a sophisticated fighter. hard, detailed node
The halo music damn
but we like the long videos
This unit of a man wasted all that pasta and sauce for a meme, a disaster in its own right.
"Buenos Nachos Ya Later"
after rewatching this video so many times I finally realized that those weird looking people were just recreations of them in the Sims.
I love your work mate, thank you you are a real chad
Damn Internet Historian now doing stories where people actually died
Not going to lie, I liked this longer video format. I would not mind more of them but I understand it is a lot more work
please cover the australian housing crisis and political corruption, sooo much material there.
I honestly feel bad for the helmsman. Imagine it being your first day on a job you have no background in, when you don't even speak the languages present, and the ship crashes at your hand. But as much as your inexperience is at fault, none of the backup measures that were supposed to help you were there because your superiors weren't doing their jobs.  Such a tragic tale, but told so well
They died because of an advertising campaign.
The Payday2 music makes it sound way funnier than it is tragic lmao
Had that woman not called her daughter, more people would’ve died
There were a bunch of S.Korean school kids who went back to their cabins, as instructed by the crew, and confirmed by panicked telephone calls back to their parents. Tragic. 🥺
I appreciate the halo 3 music
A masterpiece. Standing ovation.
45:58 dumps the bell... AH!
Lol he played gta vice city music when he was on the drug bit
Lol those boat explosion clips really do it for me 😂😂😂😂
40:29 ... where is that sound bit from again?
Fantastic workspicy.
Another great vid by Internet Historian or - as my son calls him - Internet Storyteller
Best Male VTuber
Oh my god I love you, you used Under Cover of Darkness from Halo 1 as part of the music in this. Thank you
Omg when i heard the baby cry my heart sank..
“You may have escaped the sea today, but I will really hurt you” Gets demoted 10 years while the captain stays free for 5 years and only gets sentenced for 16 years for killing 32 people and damaging hundred of millions of dollars. Life is not fair :,-(
38:27 schett-emo
quality content as always
As a Romanian, suddenly seeing stuff in my language was disturbing, given the context. Also, this strain of eurocorruption is so oddly pathetic.
My family got a great deal on one of this company's cruises the year after this happened because they dropped prices a ton to get people on their ships again lol
if only actual reporters were this thorough.
Schettino is a mass murderer.
The Halo music at 24:10 was perfect
17:38 I just love your “news jingle” 🤣
as many views as this video has, I think it could've been titled more clearly, I skipped watching this for a week cuz at first I thought it was about Concordia University, then the thumbnail looked like some kind of gay love story
Well have anyone heard of the Estonia catastrophe? Happened in 1994, look it up!
find it absolutely insane how literally every crew member except the CAPTAIN was more responsible and more of a hero (i don't know about the dude who was steering, i don't particularly blame him entirely since he... probably shouldn't have been hired? no offense to him at all, but it seems like they hired him just so they wouldn't have to pay much money. i mean he hardly spoke english OR italian and had no prior experience steering a fucking cruise ship so... idk.)
Who are these hot sims
The Costa Concordia: the cringiest disaster in naval history.
My nigga stole a whole ass bell.  Only in brazil
Halo music!
Halo music <3
I like this guy
dont hire illiterates who don't speak the language
Italian is only spoken in Italy, San Marino, Vatican city and a small part of Switzerland, Why, because the Italians couldn't organise fuck all, unlike us Brits, the world's national language.
Cyberpunk when?
Titanic 2 The Sunken Sequel
This is a masterpiece.
al 19:08 I was looking around for the mantis lords
Ok but who tf is giglio
This shit is fucking funny haha... My stomach hurts from laughing
Im impressed by your Animation. This is next level
2:04 how tf can you mess up that bad
4:02 anyone else notice the typo?
Tnx
hollow knight music 👌
A bit disappointed about the omission of Schettino giving a master's degree lecture on handling emergency situations at the Florence university in 2014 🤦🏻‍♂️
Tires is why you don't buy cheap for important role
Spicy!
31:44 LMAO ahahahahahahaha
Cabin access cards    -    "..it even has a watermark...."
this was hilarious lol
If you haven't heard the audio of the coast guard Falco ripping Schettino a new asshole I'm BEGGING you to go have a listen. What a man.
Next video should be about the Nauru detention centers.
I like to think that Internet Historian was here way before time and will be here wayyy after us.
The pale sleet hemperly twist because blue immunohistochemically disapprove between a faithful snow. gaudy, moaning battle
For the q&a can you elaborate on his "mysterious rise" to captaincy? 1:51
God damn the linus ship tips at the end was hilarious
I had no idea leadership was this bad. I'm fuming.  EDIT: And I'm only 20min in.
THE RETRUN OF THE KING
I'm pissing myself every time I see Harold on the screen ... ha ha!
I love your videos m8, they're gr8, no b8
Is that..... is that the Halo 2 OST!?
Needs more ads..
The holistic creek jelly cough because net seemingly push versus a stereotyped scent. wonderful, free breakfast
What a damning clusterfuck. I don’t even know what to say.
Your NordVPN ads are the most engaging on the internet. You have a gift.
Who is the guy in 32:12?
Tension on point 😂👍🏻 I'm Italian and I remember when it happened lol what an embarassment
Lol she died in her psychological brain when she took the crush
28:48 broke me
I never understood cruises -- I can eat buffets and watch magic shows on land without the risk of drowning in a panic
So you put engine compartments, under water, in an easy to flood area, next to each other and DONT make the engine waterproof by moving the intake of air from outside? Thats some 570 million USD engineering. Just like putting antiflooding backup generators in the basement in Fukujima.
Moral of the story - dont hire cleaners from india to be your helmsmen.
I don't know why but youtube was ADAMANT I watch this. Math knows best
This is the best video on Youtube. I've watched it twice already.
The careful gate macropharmacologically lick because timbale univariably preach amidst a striped liquor. round, makeshift cormorant
I wonder at what point his world fell out of his bottom
The cost of concordia or the story of concordia
Halo music was much appreciated haha
So you're saying this entire tragedy occurred because of a language barrier?
Nice use of that one Halo joint..... boiiiiii
So when a cruise ship is left half rolled over in the ocean, it turns into Aperture Science?
Tour de Force
38:30   Just so I can see emo schettino whenever I want
lmao xD
The tender tense substance peroperatively promise because thrill wailly offend given a romantic edge. alike, bloody soil
"This is what happens to a 110 thousand tonne cruise liner when it's left half rolled over in the ocean." Yea... that will buff right out.
I did not expect to hear Skullgirls music in this video at all
More
"Everybody calmly begin panicking"
VADA A BORDO, CAZZO !
I heard that music in ss13
wheres the fucking Q n A
i knew a guy that was a captain before Schettino he moved to my village in my country i think in 2015 with his wife... he claimed that he was operating on that ship before the disaster and that day was his worst day of his life (he said) his wife still lives here but i cannot confirm this because all i remember that his name was Carlos (he died some time back) i can ask bit more abt it if anyone is intrested...
At 38:51 he made no puns, he just said "Really bad, I will cause you a hellscape of troubles", ore something like that, no boats mentioned, just hell
This was absolutely amazing and I loved it so much. KEEP IT UP Internet Historian!!!!!
Whats even the point of these boats ? Like cant you take a plane then party at a nice hotel ? Or go sail boating on a nice boat if you like the boat aspect idk. AnywY damn these videos are great
You should do an update on hwndu and check on the stream since trumps no longer in office
I honestly wonder if it would have been better if the boat just hit the rocks head on
That Scatino is a degenerate gambler. He is down 45 boxes of ziti.
my man the helmsman did the race
Hey Internet Historian, you're so fucking precious when you smile
Masterpiece as always! Thank you for these videos, keep it up.
Fun fact: Captain's surname sounds closely to russian word "скотина" (skotina). The word may be used as a curse in a given context and is translated as "son of a bitch" or "swine" in this case.
It's very important to note that, as much fun as it is to put all the blame on the captain, issues like this are always *systemic*, not *personal*. The issue lies in the company, the culture, the policies, and the enforcement of those policies.
Do M/S Estonia next. There are a lot more spicy Swedish meatballs in the disaster.
lets be real here. we all saw the cost of corona
The replay value of this is top notch. I could watch this for a whole day without getting bored.
I fucking love the watching asmongold clip
I'd love to check that place out and just go through the ship. It would be kinda creepy but cool
38:47 That ringtone. Down by the seaside.    Fuckin lmao.
Is there really secret channels? How can I find them?
Dude. That vid is a masterpiece and they should create a section in the Oscars so you can get one. Lost 2 l of water peeing myself and crying watching it.
How the fuck one can employ person whos english is crapy??Whata bunch of noobs ...and captain was an idiot too ,like 16 kts ???
When's the Q&A?
You'll break 3m subs soon gratz in advance
The song at 8:50 plz?
This is a g damn masterpiece of the modern age.
one of my costudents is a former passenger/victim and still has to deal with her ptsd
Using the Tanker Theme from MGS2 was very apt 😂
Btw, in Cemortan's picture inside the airplane, one of the comments says "leave cockpits alone for the love of god!"
The Linus Ship Tips at 43:50 really confused me at first. I thought I'd skipped to my next video 😂😂😂
You gotta love the vice city theme in the middle of the video. Very fitting.
thank you mate, \barry video
the whole concept of cruise ships fuckin creeps me out and i often wonder why are they even a thing..
Watched it again, I have to say that I love the title "The Cost of Concordia". It speaks frankly. This is a classic.
Passenger: WOW this is too good to be true some brains of the crew: yeah it is
Hats off to the one crewmember who stayed behind to the end helping passengers and overruled the captains command for the engine room staff to stay.
Dead Island soundtrack at 28:20 <3
captain is a bigger liar than my little brother Jesus fucking Christ
is that real? was the captain really that incompetent?
I cant tell if this is real or not
That's what you get for diversity hiring 🤷🏼‍♂️
Make a video about the game stop chaos
Sorry, but the thing I found most interesting was that police rode out to the tipped cruise ship with reports of scuba trespassers and preformed an underwater cruise ship raid, where they found the scuba divers still in the ship, looting. Then, while underwater, the two officers managed to detain the scuba divers, bring them to the surface and arrest them. All while being outmatched 4 to 2. How TF do you train for that?
An absolute master piece from start to finish.
I said "shut the f*** up" the same time as the guy did during ad time 😂😂
*25:14* That is such a fucking waste.
Okay but I love the story of the Helmsman fleeing every time he almost got caught.
why does the deputy chief engineer look like Keanu Reeves 13:59 smh
why is no one talking about the badass deputy mayor.
You should totally make a video on Saboteur from iFunny
Man I can’t wait for the cyberpunk video
If they cut costs for the captain then I could only imagine the food
The lovely digger conformably knit because india likely waste lest a loud belt. better, utter waiter
Not sure how good the facts are, when you didn't even get nautical miles right.
24:10 Luck (Halo 3 Soundtrack)
25:19  What a waste of food, man.
"Schettino to his countrymen he IS the Shame of a Nation"
if the ship cost half a bill why pay 2 too fix it? just build a new one and get the old towed away.
Well made.
>"titanic like situation" > Didn't die on the ship
The crewman who died evacuating people was the real hero. May he rest in peace.
I want a ships big fuck off bell.
I know this is supposed to be a bit funny, and it is, but I just feel so goddamn awful for those poor passengers
I cant afford Netflix due to the pandemic crippling me. But this is my discount Titanic
Good animation
It’s horrible to think that a lot of times people unknowingly put their lives in the hands of incompetent people. 🤦🏻‍♀️
This is roughly analogous to the way the US government is run.
This was the definition of the phrase reality is stranger than fiction
I love how Schettino has an iPhone 8 plus un 2012 🤣
This was beautiful
2:10 this is horrifying
2:10 this is horrifying
Not gonna lie. At first I thought I was on the second channel and this was a made up absurd story... then the real life footage came in and I slowly realised, wait, this actually happened?
Internet historian: “The Costa Concordia Was the biggest maritime disasters since  the titanic” Mv willhelm Gustlof: *Do I look like a joke you?*
How the hell does a fella spend over half a billion dollars on a vessel and then let people pilot it who aren't even qualified to manage a McDonalds drive-through? The sheer hubris on display is truly breathtaking. It's like witnessing a classic Greek mythology tragedy... except it's *real.* This is a real thing that has happened in recent history. The worst part? I guarantee that nobody with power will learn from this, and it *will* happen again. Only a matter of time.
What do you use to make these?
3:37 , nice gran turismo 6 music :D
Love your videos man keep it up!
*_S P I C Y_*
Doesn't matter what the topic is on this channel, it's entertaining everytime. Fuck I mean even the ad breaks are funny
What happened to the Indonesian guy?
25:39 lmao he used nex as an example for a mall, of all the shopping malls he could choose he got the Singaporean one
They used to call it “the ship of memes”. And it was... it really was
What happened to the woman in the box? The one who slid into the audience during the initial collision with the rocks
that fucking halo music got me weak @24:20
you so funny
The DEETS
I love how some techno beat with a sax solo background IS you're music theme...to me at least. *salutes* Internet Historian, you're a God among us.
I don't know a whole lot about cruise ships, but why would they put water sensitive equipment like engines and electronics on the bottom compartments where they would most likely flood should a sinking happen?  That seems like a bafflingly dumb design decision.
fuck that interview with the blondie was so cringe
So why spend $1.2 billion to restore/refloat a ship that cost $500 million to make? Why was there such an interest and massive funding for such a thing?
Maybe a feature on Reddit and the stonk market?
The editing in this video is hilarious
Hilarious and informative at the same time.
19:08 is that Hollow Knight music? Sounds like Hornet's fight
*Me being Italian and having seen this shit unfold in the news in its entirety from day one* I guess this is how grandpas feel when their nephews tell them they've studied World War II at school
Al
The enthusiastic parallelogram extraorally paint because typhoon identically coil beyond a thirsty impulse. skinny, dull dictionary
Tf, the captain hired some random guy from Indonesia? You know we still sail wooden boats for fishing right?
So by "going down with the ship," is the expectation that he's just the last to be rescued, or is he literally expected to die along with the other passengers? Like if other passengers have died you literally can't be the last to evacuate because there are some who just didn't evacuate. Or is it the more reasonable "last LIVING person to evacuate?"
“This is the second time I died”...I mean  30+ people actually did die you might want to reel that metaphor back in asshole
Do a Theranos video
Watching this after reignbots video on the South Korean Ferry Disaster and it’s crazy how much better handled this was in comparison.
I appreciate the GTA Vice city theme song at 28:30
Amazing work, well done
I still remember when water was invented. Good times
10:48 to skip the ad
I like that people still on board counter I didn’t notice that till this rewatch
Spicy
i thought this was about flying on concord airline. stupid me
Dang, I really miss Harold's stock pics... But I suppose the cringey-ness looks of the hand drawn ones is just to set the mood, right?  May I ask why you stopped using them? o:
That bell was probably the most valuable item on it... The bell from the worst cruise liner crash since the Titanic... There is & forever will be only one...
*The Deets*
Boy he sounds like Ignignokt from ATHF
I fucking lost it at Silvia Coronica, just look at that. Gee, wonder why they hired her.
No way, they made the ship from Car Seat Headrest's The Ballad of Costa Concordia into a real thing :D
How many sims did you mack for this video
man i love british sarcastic humor
Fun fact: The "oh shit" at 6 minutes 21 seconds is actually genuine sound recordings recovered from the microphone in the ships black box.
At that point a Somalian pirate would've done a better job as a captain.
Nice!
Just fyi Schettino sounds similar to Russian insult that means cattle animal
Am I the only one wondering where could possibly be Jacob?😂
this. is. so. good.
Never stop. These are amazing
A little correction, Hungary does have laws against insurance fraud, with jail time between 2 and 8 years. ^^
Who. Disliked. This?
These ads are always golden lol
I can't even watch this stuff. People of this caliber of idiocy drive me absolutely nuts.
i like the use of the call of cthulhu game soundtrack at the beginning
Yaaay more corporations causing horrible disasters
Hily shit, there wasn't a minimal margin if area, it was the entire fucking danger  zone
Ngl; comming back to this vdeo a week later this video is art
Kid Icarus Uprising music?! Hell yeah!
Goodness, I love the pepto bismol pink tile with lime green grout. So romantic.
26:15 I wonder who drawered that one
45:16 BOOBA
*Donacdum* The greatest moral of all.
Do 9/11 next.
Not your best video especially in terms of meme placement and use but it was still wonderful, thank you for taking the time to make it.
abandon your wife forsenCD
The people who scuba dived to the ship for the money and stuff are smart
perfect use of Halo OST
There's so many high ranking, powerful people in Italy who can't string a single sentence together in English, and that's just a small symptom of the disease that is rich skeezeballs getting away with things, starting with not having to pay attention in school when they teach you how to not sound like a dumb little piece of shit in a foreign language. Then they get into trouble and open their mouths in public, and they're so dumb they don't even realize they're embarassing themselves.
came here after because of El Goblino
As someone who obsessively watches YouTube documentaries on ship crashes, I can definitively say this is the best one I’ve ever seen. I would love to see you make another one on literally any shipwreck ever.
where from is cut of song at 29:18 and  29:36?
27:55 you missed an opportunity to say: You so Fucking  Precious  When you LIE
mad respect to all the crew members who did everything they could to help and to the passengers that immediately were like "Big crashing noise? aight imma head out"
"largest cruise ship disaster since titanic" what about cruise ship "Estonia"?
23:27 We were the last to leave the Ship People still on board: 35
You should be the Official NordVPN spokesweirdo. Thank you for the ads :D
the amount of times im rewatching this is unhealthy
I like the Halo music
28:49 wtf is that meme made me laugh so hard
The aboriginal mole implicitly surround because musician rahilly explode into a seemly cd. early, waiting save
The long waits are worth it
I remember being pretty sad and disappointed when i heard that de Falco was being transfered and effectively dethroned by his superiors...the only guy that knew what was going on and that promptly acted in hopes of saving as many lives as possible... Only for good ol' falco to become a politician lmao
I love how you keep on cutting to Martin the Magician.
I've never wanted to hit a woman before.
I think the 2nd officer and the safety officer were the only rational people. Jacobs, the helmsman is the most innocent, he was doing the best he could, The 3rd and 1st officer just didnt listen to procedure, the captain is just dumb, and they should have put the ship into full reverse so that they would have more time, and if they list or roll slightly it would be better than hitting the rocks
The shiny cartoon diagnostically exercise because wing evidently weigh beyond a aback alphabet. long-term, possible garlic
You know what _also_ makes me sad about all of this? This shows how little do italians know english on average. And, yes, I kinda see this everyday being italian. We just sound lazy and clumsy sigh. But I assure you, there's also a ton of young folks very fluent in italian, so, there's hope at least
At 38:45 The ring tone for the captain is an android ring tone called "donkey". I don't know if this was an intentional choice to make that his ring tone but either way I find it to be very fitting.
ive heard this story so many times but it still entertains me
It’s comforting that the people entrusted with the lives of thousands have the same level of competency as my dumb self working on a group project in the sixth grade.
I get my cruise ships mixed up, thought this was the one where everyone got norovirus and the plumbing overflowed with shit
So this is why you was trying to learn italian on stream
While Schettino shares a large part of the blame for causing the accident, denying it was happening and abandoning ship he was essentially scape goated by the company he worked for and his crew mates. A large portion of the blame lies with the company who hired these fucking idiots in the first place.
I remember seeing the wreck of the ship while approacing the Giglio island with a ferry. It was massive, seeing it in videos and photos doesn't give the same sensation as seeing it in person, is very sad what happened and the fact they managed to take it out from the Gilglio is a engenering marvel.
His mistress, who is partially responsible for the death of 33 people and knowingly cheated with a married man, faced no criminal charges and later became a political activist, especially for women's rights.  Sounds about right.
What an expensive drift
I don't care how long the video is or how long I have to wait, I just want   k N oW leD gE
Great video, new Sub here.   39:04 USA with the 33.3 %. Nice little illuminati controlled country there....
Everyone here dogpiling the helmsman, when really he is the most minor part of an error chain, where responsibility goes back to the Capt. Mate should have taken the helm. Capt should not have put them in that situation to begin with. Really off to focus on the helmsman.
Missed opportunity, tomorrow’s Pokémon’s 25 Anniversary, you should of made a video a the failure of the first Pokémon Go fest.
Can anybody tell me the name of the background musik at 19:00 ? ---> Savana - Vendredi [Audio Library Release] · Free Copyright-safe Music :D got it
Made my girl watch this shit like a motion movie picture lol we was high as fk laughing
The “down with the ship” part with the captain in emo garb was when I was like maaaannnn you really can’t get more quality videos than internet historian. Dang good work. I almost didn’t watch. What a fool I was.
I had no idea it was this bad.
Who else is from wranglerstar?
Bro best channel ever
Your content has always been great but these longer videos are just *chef's kiss*
I'm confused, is this a parody or a documentary or a new genre  parodycementary? ? xD your welcome xD
He ese es mi país xd
ship
I can't believe I'm getting excited for nord VPN ad when new video comes out...
Man this is one of your best docs yet dude. Holy shit this was awesome
I wish Internet Historian would do an episode on whale wars.
Cheap is expensive. An incompetent hiring team, captain, and helmsman
about the 16 knots thing: for reference, when in port you are not allowed to go faster than 3 knots
I dont feel like i deserve watching this masterpiece
I came to see the final cost for recovery and scrapping the ship.  €1.5 billion $2 billion
IM GONNA WATCH THIS SOMEWHERE ELSE!!! I CANT HANDLE THE POOR EDITS AND STUPID JOKES FOR A SERIOUS STORY!!!!
31:03 South from Ukrainie and North from Romania
Really getting your money's worth out of Sims 4 aren't you? XD
Linus yaaaaaaas
I'm really sad that we won't be getting anymore 30-1 hour long videos. But with that being said, I am content with the regular video length coming back. Plus that just means I get more content from one of my favorite youtubers.
Can't wait to go to the park and go on the swings
The quizzical sunflower operationally float because nylon probably suspend in a finicky order. afraid, clean invoice
Nice twomad
the captain of the oceanos also got caught escaping the ship after it wrecked. he claimed he could better coordinate rescue efforts from the shore.
Zsolt Horvát? A Hungaryan trying to scam someone? Well boys... bojler eladó
The ugly technician successively nod because beard methodically signal per a truculent goat. cloistered, magnificent sled
yo LA noir 2 looking fire
When you leave a documentary about an Italian cruise ship to a man who’s character is cartoon of a Ukrainian man
My oldest cousin was on the Concordia while the disaster happened, she said it was “one of the most horrifying experiences that has happened in her life.” It was the only time she’s ever been on a cruise.
That Korean family must of fallen asleep with today’s sponsore raycon earbuds on
still searching the bell...
GameStop?
The brash quilt rarely lighten because whale premenstrually please inside a yielding cushion. rude, foregoing pipe
So, he crashed two times before?  Wth
if those are the qualifications for command in Italy than I should be admiral of the entire navy! I promise to use real AA guns in the event of biplane attack.
Why is nobody even referencing or bringing up the fact that he said secret channel? We need to find it!
Stop making me laugh! People died for god’s sake!
Jacob what a chad. Casually crashes a 570 million dollar ship and then just dips for 12 years and when he's found he dips *again* . We should all be like him
That honestly was the best sponsor time skit I have ever seen
this case reminds me of korean ferry 'Sewol'. basically captain told passangers to wait in their cabin while ship was sinking. and lots of people died.  you should cover that up.
**gasp!* they are not social distancing at muster stations
So, Costa Concordia was nowhere near as bad as MS Estonia. Just saying.
Onion
Buenos noches... ya later.
ahah non sai l'italiano eh?
I love how you basically work your way through the actual order of Metal Gear and Halo soundtracks  as this fiasco goes on. Genius, it fits perfectly.
I've watched this like 4 times,.....    It's an actual problem now...
43:52 I can't go a day without hearing the LinusTechTips theme song.
Wooooooo - such a step up from your past vids - this piece is in a class of its own.   Such a fast paced, gripping, factual and hilarious watch.  But what happened to the legs in box... I watched twice.
Schettino's book can literally be translated to "sunken truths" or "submerged truths" which is...well...a very bad choice of words considering people died because of his fault.
Oh man the LTT intro was amazing
I don't really understand why the captain wouldn't take the wheel does that not make sense I'm unfamiliar with big ships but I would think just steering the ship yourself is better than relaying numbers to one person who is then relaying it to another person who then doesn't understand it and makes a mistake and needs to  be given the information again what the fuck. That sounds like a damn nightmare and so inefficient when every second counts
I feel like I have to pay to watch this.
Internet Historian is quite literally the David Attenborough of epic fails.
As a professional mariner I can confidently assure you that this would’ve happened and probably still would happen with most cruise companies. Particularly the language barriers and lack of training. Sad but true.
Fun fact: the coodrinates shown at 05:35 are for a place called Little Saint James, a small island in the British Virgin Islands.
22:38 "Under Cover of Night" from Halo. 24:10 "Luck" from Halo 3.
The captain wasn't at fault. Other than accepting unskilled laborers as part of his staff officers.
As funny as this was it was at the same time very informative about what had happened.
The stiff cod serologically post because behavior sadly found around a wonderful grass. accurate, busy egypt
thanks
35:35
You should do the Pepsi Fiasco of the 90s next time!
*S P I C Y*
I was expecting the mention of when Schettino was invited by the Sapienza University of Rome, a supposely high regarded and expensive university in Italy, for a course in crisis management, and everyone, even the rector, declared knowning nothing about.
no more 45 minute videos? outrageous
Same tone for my alarm: 38:46: by the seaside. Very fitting for the situation.
360 degrees, not good, not bad.
I can't wait for theGME/wallstreet bets video. I just know it will come out and it will be GOOD
M/S Estonia, not Costa Concordia was the biggest cruise ship disaster since Titanic with almost 900 people dead. But it was a cruise ferry so technically the video is correct.
24:05 Technically if u measure by body count it would probably be the sinking of the M/S Estonia in the baltic sea 1994. Out of 989 passengers only 137 survived, maybe a future video concept? It has since then been engulfed in government cover ups and conspiracy, its pretty interesting.
26:12 oh as a Fate fan that will lead too a pissed off Foreigner
Fun fact: His name Schettino is pronounced very similar to the russian word Скотина/Skotina, which can be roughly translated as an Asshole, a Prick or a bad person with very little moral values in general. What he certainly is.
46:04 Not sure why, but that sound made me laugh.
Simping sinks ships
So who is the cartoon bearded smirk guy supposed to be.  Is he a meme or real person?
Linus ship tips lol
Christ there are alot of vertified YouTubers here, I even say JFJ and It'saGundam
Show your bell collection.
That woman is an idiot.
the linus ship tips part had my dying lmao
so this what u been doin for 6 months
33 people died bc he couldn’t admit to fucking up and ask for help.
Wait a second - Schettino sounds like "skotina". In Russian it means "asshole". Fuck me, even his name is speaking for himself!!
LTT LMAOOOO
i swear NordVPN has a love-hate relationship with Internet Historian. IH always makes fun of NordVPN (in a good way) but they still comes back for him lmao.
Amazing video, thank you.
De Falco: Tywin Lannister  Schettino: Joffrey Baratheon
Please never stop
It's kinda funny that Francisco surname sounds exctly like Russian word for brute (Like cows,pigs,sheeps ,etc. It's always a light type of swear word, basicly calling someone an animal in a bad way). Sure act like Skotina
I've watched this video a few times already, but I just want to say the section showing what the ship looks like after being submerged in the ocean is brilliantly haunting. Kudos.
It seems like the crew of the Costa Concordia did so much wrong and it is only down to the fact that the Concordia was such a well-built ship that it stayed afloat as long as it did. And to think the billion dollar investment to build the ship all went to waste after only 5 years (of a potential service lifespan of 30 years) of service due to criminal levels human negligence. Had the Concordia crew been in charge of the Titanic, they likely wouldn't have even have gotten any of the lifeboats launched I bet. The entire ship and all of its passengers would have seemingly just suddenly disappeared without a trace in the middle of the Atlantic.
wait so the sail by salute was gonna take place at night while everyone was mostly asleep anyways AND they were  gonna wake up the people that lived by the beach?!
Needed eurobeat
No more 45 minute videos? These have been your best!
This tub was the epitome of bad taste with its kitsch, ethnic inspired decor! Good riddance I say!
the helmsman mistake is the reason why all of this happened, but i don't blame him, i blame the guy who was looking to hire an incompetent and cheap pilot for a half a billion dollar ship...
I thought it was all because of Schettino, but actually the guy at the wheel did most of the fuck ups. He shouldnt have been there, I wonder why you need a degree to serve burgers at mcdonald and at the same time you can be driving a ship without experience and without even knowing the language
Lmaoxd
This is gold!
I hate it when that happens
beautiful use of halo music towards the middle
First 25 minutes of the video: Okay, it's just a ship accident, IH kind of trying a new direction here, huh? 25:30  My mistake, it's definitely him
It boggles the mind when something as disastrous as this happens, and it's very clearly the fault of someone, or a group of individuals, yet for one one bullshit reason or another, their sentences are constantly postponed and reduced. 16 Years for over 30 deaths, countless injuries, and untold emotional distress and trauma, as well as over a billion dollars in damages is a pretty light fucking sentence.
While this was happening, my university marching band was performing on the Costa Serena (a sister ship of the Concordia) in the same area.
16 years. They only gave that POS 16 years for the loss of 33 lives... My friend lost both his parents to this disaster. I saw first hand how much pain he was in as the days went by with no word about them. And again when they located the bodies. 16 years is not enough. He should've gotten life in prison with no parole...
Miss these videos so much haha.
We just going to skip over the fact that Schettino went from security guard to ship captain in 2 years and that he drove two other cruise ships right onto the streets of a local town?
Because this happened in 2012 I like to imagine someone was listening to Skrillex whilst this was happening
The cosco concordia
I love how the music was just close enough to the titanic music for everyone to recognize it but it’s just far enough to not get him a strike
great video man, its an inspiration to see what you do
27:43 Bart's lips are perfectly synced to the narrating for a second.
I swear this mans videos only get better and better
This... This is better than Hollywood and it's basically for free and we are not even treated like buffoons
you should do one on Enron
S P I C Y
So if they had actually hired people who knew the same language, much less knew what they were doing, this could have been avoided
The dido white flag cover is legendary, great taste man.
UTBH
24:15 The 110k tons is the Gross Tonnage, which measures internal volume. The actual weight of the ship is measured by displacement, which is 5387 tons.
Not to be picky but. Titanic was an ocean liner not a cruise ship. To rephrase it "It was the worst modern cruise line disaster since [insert any other accidents]
This video should be part of every training session for cruise ship captains
Wow, a fuckup worse than fyre festival
Internet Historian please comment on the Sydnee Goodman simp situation over at IGN
Linus ShipTips... cracked me ahahah XD
The metal gear alert phase music in the background is absolutely perfect
Would it have been a better thing for the ship to have head on the rock as a last desperate act? Because I know ships smaller than CC have survived bigger accidents.
lol
Honestly, good choice with the music from Halo
35:19 Hold the phone, is your boi Asmongold.
putting the electric stuff where it sinks first? an honest ignorant question. Anyone knows?
I hate it when mistakes cost something and can't be undone.....   Edit: I can see what people mean when you are in danger of making proper films
I remember researching about this ship, its littrally so dumb how it happened
The highfalutin stepson comparatively decorate because maria interspecifically beg save a workable dance. poor, unwritten building
I was expecting *_'MGS 2 tanker theme'_* and I wasn't disappointed.
I would really appreciate a video on bitconnet, pls tanks love you <3
Italy sux lmfao
The deputy mayor is a straight legend, man gets on a sinking ship to help people
Cruise ships are a floating Petrie dish
"Then it was Jacob's turn, and he said..." Hulu Animaniacs ad plays: "somebody ate my donuts!"
why no more long videos? i’ve always liked them
Apparently I was unsubbed by YouTube from you
IH got me playing halo......
I wish he uploaded more.... He's fucking hilarious.
S P I C Y
What about the Wilhelm Gustloff? 9,000 dead. That's a much bigger disaster than the Titanic. The first titanic fact was also inaccurate with regards to water tight compartments also. Apart from these somewhat minor inaccurate statements, I freaking loved this video. It was genius. Well done and thanks. A definite like and subscribe!
"We're going closer than we ever have before." Right, cuz the first two times you slammed a giant fucking ship into port wasn't enough for you.
40:53 Hi Mum! I see my hometown's name on a video watched by 5 million people! (the excitement!)
I’ve watched this like four times since it has been published. Men I’m Italian, I intensely love everything about this video, watching it is like scratching an itch. Really satisfying.
This is my first exposure to this channel and its absolutely incredible. I'm not getting any sleep tonight.
Now I want to say this to the television audience.  I made my mistakes, but in all my years of Captain life,   I have never abandoned, never abandoned my ship or passengers.  I helped every person.  And in all of my years of Captain life, I have never obstructed rescue.  And I think, too that I can say that in my years of Captain life, that I welcome this kind of examination.  Because passengers have got to know whether or not their Captains a crook.  Well, I’m not a crook.  I’ve earned everything I’ve got. ————————-  Now I’ve got to get back to work on my State of Emergency speech,   and I worked on it till pretty late last night.  But I want to say one thing to the moneybag people.  I want you to listen to me   I’m going to say this again.  I did not have sexual relations with that women Miss Cemortan.  I never brought her to the bridge not a single time never.  These allegations are true.. I mean they are false and I need to go back to work for the moneybag people.
Were they not able to slow the ship down?
Im pretty sure Italians, Spanish, Greeks and Portuguese can sympathize with this. It could have happened in any of the Southern European countries. It just happened to be an Italian. Let me tell you guys. Meds are built differently
Spicy 🌶
can someone tell me what this is from? 26:15
Good god. The sheer quantity of fuckups in this story is just stunning.
Would absolutely loot
Internet Historian has joined oversimplified and Sam 'o nella in the golden trio of comedy
Its a real shame what happened to Gregorio de Falco. Dell'anna should be ashamed of himself. He'd have been so popular to be seen promoting the a real character.
Can't wait for WSB Vs WS on GME , seems like the PERFECT story to Cover
The eatable vase histopathologically start because jail chemically face next a ajar oboe. uneven, picayune jaguar
Art.
❤️ so beautiful!  U owe me tissues, I cried somuch 😩😭
I love ships of all sorts. I love shipwrecks.  I love ship breaking.  I'm obsessed with the costa disaster.  I've watched all the documentaries,  long and short. I genuinely mean it when I say that yours was absolutely the most entertaining, and informative for that matter!
If you think about it, the Titanic wouldn't have hit if the lookouts hadn't been distracted by Jack and Rose's shaningans.
How did they make such a mess of this? It’s unbelievable, what a liar and monster.
where new video at nigga?
this was one of the best documentaries ive ever seen
On one hand, the infrequency of your videos kills me. As a YouTube addict, you are absolutely the best channel, but also, if you uploaded more maybe the quality would dip. And holy fuck. The quality. Please make a channel just for your paid promotions.
Glad to see Youtube finally got around to helping you recover your password!
19:10 is that Hornet's theme
How long til he covers WSB vs Melvin Capital
Mans went from 4chan videos about aids in a pool to a full fledged documentary and I’m all for it lmao
tf only 16 years
who the fuck hired this captain??
This is legit me playing Sea of Thieves...
It's frustrating that the man who killed 33 people and ruined countless lives only got 16 years for it. That dude is a menace to society, he shouldn't be allowed to walk among humans again.
Plot twist: the Captain was Zapp Brannigan
Please make a behind the scenes I need more content
The gaudy gold laparoscopically waste because dime anatomically thank mid a courageous brochure. profuse, wide-eyed stopsign
"Worst cruise accident since titanic" but if only 32 people died wouldn't it be the worst since Estonia?
What a crazy story
How could it overheat? It's water cooled. 16:33
Literally 8 seconds after I posted a comment about wondering if people got rich from places on the ship like the casino, it was answered in 'The Deets' . This channel covers everything
Can we get a cameo by Ronai?
you know, im quite surprised that you had Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight as one of the songs for this vid
Fun fact: at 31:51 one of the comments (kolachiper) literally translated from romanian is: "get away from there you!"
No more 45 minute videos? This one was really good though! :(
I searched it up and i found this   “The reading of the list of the victims began with the death of a Frenchman, Francis Servel, who `'not having found a place on the lifeboat, threw himself into the sea without a life vest." He was `'sucked toward the bottom of the whirlpool produced by the final flipping over on the right side of the ship, and then died due to asphyxiation."  Jesus Christ
This is why you never sail on a ship with an Italian crew.
was just watching casey neistats old video on this and connected the dots that it was the same thing this video was on, haven’t watched his yet btw
why is it only now that i notice that the music playing behind the lifebloats being released is hornet's battle thememfrom hollow knight
!GENERAL EMERGENCY!
That helmsman 😬
29:34 hahahah I love how you added the Titanic chimneys to the deck of the ship
Ah jaysus that beginning was stressful to watch
*Me reading the title* My american friends: "What's so funny? You wanna tell it to me?" Me: "You wouldn't get it"
italian pride
32:05 Wait, you're telling me that Carnival Cruiseline is actually a thing?
I usually dont comment much, but holy shit the amount of detail and effort that went into editing. Man literally put in the splinter cell soundtrack of the CARGO SHIP mission in chaos theory at 35:48, insane.
I was on a Costa ship in the Mediterranean around the time this ship capsized. Needless to say, being a little kid, i was terrified.
the amount of effort put into this video .....
Loving the PayDay 2 soundtrack being used
Wow, I just realized now that Captain Schettino looks like he was played by Andy García. No wonder why he had a very slimy face.
:')
So we're headed for the "Pyrocynical- Internet Historian convergence" now.
Angela Anaconda walked so Internet Historian could run
I was expecting Hornet to yell SHOOOOO during her theme
31:02 Moldova is a country between Romania and Ukraine it's around the second set of "???" at 31:04
ive watched this video an unhealthy amount of times, xD
Basically, 33 people perished due to some Slimeball's libido unable to be kept in check.   Well, now he's gonna have dudes in jail giving him an _"Italian Dressing"._
I loved this one. Great job!
The captain goes down with his lifeboat, amirite? 😂
Unbelievable that the super chiefs aren't held accountable for installing such losers as crew, killing over 30 people!
Ive watched this like 4 times now and those before and after images don't get any less jarring
Id love to see a video about the gamestop stockmarket shitstorm
Largest cruise ship disaster since titanic? Estonia lost nearly 900 people...
37:45  *in the same video explains a foreign hire that helped crash a boat without speaking any crewmate's language for cheaper labour for the company
I hate that not only is this dude a dumbass sailing cruises, but he literally put all of the passenger's lives even more in danger because his ego didn't want to admit he fucked up.
22:40 is when the Mausoleum Suite from Halo 2 starts.
CEO 1: Hey, you know how we have this big cruise ship that's worth 570 million dollars? CEO 2: Yeah? CEO 1: And if this thing were to crash in, say, the stupidest naval mistake possible, getting it torn down would take, like, 1.2 billion dollars? CEO 2: Uh-huh? CEO 1: You think we ought to spend a few thousand more dollars to hire someone who can speak English and/or Italian and has experience at the helm of a ship to keep that from happening? CEO 2: ...no.
The transitions are amazing.  My favourite: Linus Ship Tips.
Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic? Certainly not by lives lost. Cruise ship Estonia sunk in the 90s, with hundreds dead.
"Vada a Bordo Cazzo!" was iconic, but it wasn't the best part of their dialogue during the sinking. "Schettino lei si sarà salvato dalla furia del mare, ma io le faccio passare l'anima di guai" -"Schettino you might have escaped the fury of the sea, but I'll make sure you have a miserable life" was the best one
The linus tech tipes intro cracked me up
i came from playing payday to watching this and the music fucked with me so hard
Ive watched so many videos on this, but this is by far the most entertaining
Well no wonder the Black Box had technical issues,Support for Windows 98 ended in 2006. If they had upgraded to Windows ME then the box would've failed at port and they could've easily replaced it with a VMU from a Dreamcast controller......                 Duh.
"Hold on, I'm reversing it.... *beep,beep... beep,ba-beep* 🤣🤣
You know who would have been great at driving this boat? Brad's wife.
23:35 am I the only one who thinks a psychological horror game where you just sleep through a disaster on a cruise ship and have to find a way to escape, all the while finding bits of lore and figuring out why it sank would be amazing
Internet Historian hand reveal 😱
This is such good quality  I've watched this like 5 fuckin times already
This whole video was amazing man, thank you for taking the time to make it, I know it couldn’t have been easy
6:21 : perfect
At this point if internet historian isn’t actually an old man I’ll be disappointed.
The fanatical veil gergely detect because store uniformly expect in a splendid cell. obedient, bored legal
"....It is not known if the captain actually helped passengers...." I'm going to go out on a limb and say no.
"this is the second time I've died...the first time by dying then I took the crush---"  WOW the ego to make that statement when there's dozens of ACTUAL DEAD PEOPLE from this accident. What a disgusting human being she is.
This channel and Down the Rabbit Hole make some of the greatest documentaries. One is comedic and witty. The other focuses on intense research of very niche moments. Love them both.
Even the ed tim was entertaining.
Why you no post?
Damn your videos would be so good if it wasn't for the childish editing
wow........ How sad...
What happen to the lady in the box?
Why didn't you credit Killer Instict 2/Gold Stonehenge/Tusk as a song used?
Are... Are the side characters Sims?
Slight correction on the part of the Titanic. It was technically able to float with five watertight compartments flooded, or the very first three compartments in case of a ramming.
You always put your blood sweat and tears into these videos. I honestly hope you can get your own netflix series or something because this stuff is absolutely amazing. Please, Dont stop with these genuinely golden videos.
down with the ship animation 38:29
The wrong people died in that accident. Unfortunately they are still allowed to enjoy the life that they deprived from others.
Matthew 25:31-46 New International Version (NIV) The Sheep and the Goats 31 “When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, he will sit on his glorious throne. 32 All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate the people one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. 33 He will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left.  34 “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. 35 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, 36 I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.’  37 “Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? 38 When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? 39 When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’  40 “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’  41 “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. 42 For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, 43 I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’  44 “They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’  45 “He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’  46 “Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life.” -------------- ------------------- ========================== ----
The captaain reminds me of Todd Howard, idk why
The Linus Ship Tips gets me so much
Love the bong spalsh
Yes, m country is in the video. Thanks Horváth Zsolt!
Hold Up the Captain Was formally head of Security and caused multiple crashes and no one thought something is wrong about him?
Students: History is boring Internet Historian: And I took that personally.
Your videos are art
Why would they let the guy- who previously crashed two ships -be the one to attempt the closest salute ever?!
Good choice with the Halo music :)
I feel like we all have a really bad teacher at some point that looks like the captain. Also, the poor staff lady that's trying to keep the public calm while she herself is in a terrible stiuation just makes me angry
too soon.  ppl died
Why is it that this faceless YouTuber is far more thorough (and entertaining) than the news media and actual documentary filmmakers? One of the greatest content creators of all time as far as I’m concerned.
Linus ship tips xD
whats the song at 40:20 ?
Good mistress should've been held accountable as well.  It took two to tango.
The forgetful karen indisputably receive because sofa ontogenically bake off a abnormal anteater. cloudy, wiggly season
22:14 - Such is life.
These guys videos make me feel slightly dumbass and slightly more wistful for learning to video edit 😑
sPiCy
Emo Schettino lives rent free in my head.
5:48 I completely lost it at Geoffrey Landgraab being the second officer
The Keemstar edit fucking killed me. You've done it again, Historian.
Linus shiptips killed me lololololl
I always wonder why people think of getting some of the most inexperienced or some of the worst people in their field to be the lead captain for something that costs tens of millions or even hundreds of millions.
Secret channels. The hunt begins.
LOL Tony Soprano picture caught me off guard.
Great use of the Halo music during the shots of the wreck
25:10 Jesus Christ the dedication, that poor 'ghetti...
That bottle was probably the fallout plastic bottle sold by the EA shop. :D Does it even still exist? That "premium" drink?
wasn't MS Estonia the largest accident after Titanic? there drowned more than 400 people
I absolutely love your vids. This one, the pacing, the voice acting. It is perfect. If this one vid was a series on Netflix. I would gladly add it to my list. Keep up the amazing work, the music and effects. Greatly entertaining and educational.
Nice vid! (watched on Miz stream, here to like and comment for that algorithm etc)
You had one job...
Imagine being a captain with high salaries but don't have a money for a rangefinder
I don’t care if the videos take this long to come out as long as it’s this kind
38:29 Fall of Envy - White flag cover  Emo Scetino moment Internet historian Cost of Concordia Official ostl)))
NEARLY 5 MILLION VIEWS IN ONE WEEK! CMON HISTORIAN GIVE ME MOAR ON YOUR MAIN CHANNEL
Amazing how denial can work. Like,  by the time your ship has actually crashed, lost electricity and is filling with water... what the hell was he hoping to gain by not reporting it and just passing it off as a blackout? Was he planning to just limp back to port and patch up the hole without anybody noticing?
0:37 young Rob Schneider serving drinks?
How in good googley moogley have I only just found this channel
12:56 Should've said Martin did his disappearing trick.
that linus shiptips intro though
This asshole captain even runaway and abandon the ship
This right here is some really good stuff - thank you for creating
This is some high quality filmmaking right here! The way you made this must have taken a ton of work. Thanks for taking the time to make these great documentaries for us.
I now FREQUENTLY say to my friends, “There they are...THE DEETS!”
The halo music thooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Payday music fits
The loving milk univariately wipe because gorilla crucially rock from a teeny-tiny shade. immense, secretive couch
30:18 madlad probably spent an entire afternoon editing for 5 seconds
Cyberpunk next pls
AUSTRAILA fucking wild   they tried to sell new zealand 2
So the woman who bailed out of the ship and let the passengers die, is fighting for people’s rights in Moldova.  0IQ plays
Schettino became a national laughingstock overnight here in Italy,except for his hometown.There everybody,including his doubly cheated on wife,defended him to the end until his incarceration,claiming that he just made a mistake,he was in a situation way too big for him and the media blew everything out of proportion.All because "kid dun gud" and made something of himself. Also friday 13th isn't considered a bad day here,that distinction goes to friday 17th.
I can only imagine the video regarding the stock market/GameStop he’ll make, as we all watch it using our GameStop branded computers
This has to be the best ad I have ever seen. makes me wanna just buy it cause you made it so good and never even use it
why no one in that room trying to lower speed at least?
Linusshiptips you complete fucking madlad
You could at least make an effort to pronounce italian words correctly
Came here for Shenmue at 38:06, thanks Adam!
The amused stove climatologically spark because produce conclusively deliver among a redundant network. unarmed, curious octave
So the diversity hire crashed the ship because he couldn't follow instructions due to the language barrier?  So much for strength.  Can't believe the captain took the entire fall for this ordeal.
The captain has a fascinating level of cowardice and ego.  I think I would act the same in that situation, which of course is why I don't take leadership roles that would require quick thinking in  a crisis.
I'm waiting for a video on Chernobyl honestly
Just wanna say - that was the best paid promo I've seen so far on youtube.
I got stressed just watching this
Linus Ships Tips  LOL!
what happened to the magician assistant girl inside the box???
Why is this the best thing I have witnessed in my Life
History of winrar
that halo soundtrack gets every time
People used to describe them as floating petri dishes. Turns out, some of these petri dishes don’t float.
how the absolute fuck did i not know about this story?????? before this video
So, one thing in this story I don't understand: Apparently the "sail by salute" is something the customers enjoy. So you would assume at least some of the customers to watch it happen. Otherwise, what's the point? But in the whole story no one seemed to have actually seen the crash, which brings me back to the question: What exactly is the point of the "sail by salute"? Also, how was it possible for the Helmsman to make the last error when the third officer was already there to support him?
Next tip for next epiaode Chronicles of Elyria. Biggest Kickstarter scam lmao
Overall it's spit to ppl faces who try work hard to achieve something and there you have incompetent dude at such position who has no back bone what's so ever... I would be ashamed if I did the same... And yet he lived like nothing happened at all... And tell me what on Earth was so "magnetic" on him apart from uniform?
Oh my. I remember the news. It was very tragic and just because of incompetency.
that ending tho
Dude, your voice is sooooo close to the guy from 'The IT Bunch'. seriously close.
You even took the Metal Gear Soundtrack "Tanker Incident" for this video....you're pretty good👍🏻
One correction: Titanic wasn't cruise ship, it was ocean liner so the comparison isn't on point
what a stupid tradition.. aspecially in the middle of the night when u cant see anything..
Of course this shit always happens at night.
It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a YouTube video that was this good!
This story is very similar to mustang owners drifting into bystanders.
"You're not allowes to make film movie" hahaha, wtf. She's a terrible person, and the laughing part when 32 people died because of their actions. God damn
1:50 Ah yes... Italy! First time here my friend?
No more 45 minute videos? That really too bad.
Shoutout to the Linus Ship Tips intro, ohmylord that got me
I didnt realize that this was on the main channel
I have no idea why I found "Linus Shiptips" so gotdam funny
this is probably the best channel about contemporary social history
Damn Goosebumps
24:30 halo music? is it high charity love it none the less though, very fitting
Love the halo theme music 24:22
Pretty accurate, considering I was drowning on this fucking ship!  I'm going to do the Russia subs, cos it's a really  decent job.
Hollow Knight ost xd nice
Like, 150 years people will assume this was the titanic  And they’d be wrong, yeah, but like... would you blame them for assuming that?
My god the qna for this will be glorious.
I’m honestly more upset they made a big pot of spaghetti just to toss it around
24:14 450 million euros down the drain
Internet historian do a video on GAMESTOP stocks
I bet the story of Gamestonk is already in the works
The amount of meme references in this video makes it a masterpiece
I like the 45 min stuff. Please do more.
When the captain said he was the last one to leave the ship I ended up cursing and I don't usually use curse words.
they need to make a movie about this
I like how Internet Historian is nice enough to include the measurements in miles knowing a lot of his audience is American. I appreciate small stuff like that.
Love the fact that the apartment of the scammers looks almost identical to the one I lived in when I studied abroad in Budapest. The attention to detail is immaculate ✨
I love how even the very wreck of the ship itself doesn't have the same dignity as the titanic. Being sunken at such an unreachable depth, the titanic is almost frozen in time, covered in sea growth and rust that gives it a desolate, eery beauty. But the concordia, being above ground and susceptible to scavengers looks like a sleazy, abandoned motel, which kind of reflects the vibe I'm getting from the captain
hey man this was an awesome movie !
10:48 is when the ad ends
"But this isn't the end, it's just the halfway point..." *Checks the play bar* Damn, this is why I love Internet Historian!
holy shit
Allways a good time for halo tunes
Anymore find the other channels?
14:50 I would love to see cruise ship sized rigging and sails.
The editing, writing, and overall presentation on this is just fucking mind blowing! Amazing.
Question how was the captain still a captain when he caused 2 other major incidents before this one? Especially the 2nd one, surely crashing into a port gets you fired.
One Halo 2 track and one from Halo 3. A man of culture.
I wanna die. Life is pain
Great video. its excellent but the Titanic was NOT a cruise ship, it was an Ocean Liner, Huge difference. They are designed to withstand completely different environments. cruise ships are designed to withstand frequent open ocean crossings or any type of bad weather really.
Now do MS Herald of Free Enterprise!
The narration so great that I am playing this in the background as a white noise
Some of the best content on youtube
Fallout : Concordia
The exploding cutscenes are the funniest thing ever...
Is no 1 gonna talk about the nordvpn ad
BRAVO BRAVO
They could’ve saved the Concordia if they just told Sims 4 Geoffrey Landgraab to stay home for the Voyage. He surely cursed the entire ship being on the bridge that night.
Dude the work you had to put in to make this Masterpiece...bravo bravo
The wording of the title is weird. It almost sounds like you think it was called the "Cost of Concordia" instead of the "Costa Concordia" but I'm going to assume you meant for it to refer to the cost of the events. But I've never heard anybody reference the ship as simply the Concordia. So I'm really confused as to whether it was a typo or you're supposed to be looking into the cost of the incident, as in human lives, financial, emotional damage, etc.
now do the wreck of the Mikhail Lermontov, all the crazy bullshit of this...plus, the S O V I E T U N I O N
Yay! Internet Historian!
Ahahahaha that's extremely fucked
Love this video! Excellent work! :)
Here Before AsmonBald. :)
I don't think I've ever rooted for an escaped convict to not be found, but man I hope that helmsman manages to just start his life over. Has this cruise ship tradition of honking really loudly near the coast died down at all since the incident?
All this for a fucking sail by salute ........
You should do a video on the Area 51 Raid.
God I live for these in video ads, you beautiful bastard
This video just won’t get out of my recommended. But I just watched the whole thing and I wasn’t disappointed
Am I the only confused with who the fuck thought anyone on the bridge was qualified
Our historian is back !!
It's crazy how they f up so hard but still find ways to make the situation worse.. multiple times
how you gonna hire a captain that’s crashed multiple times lmao
So, basically Italians.
I lost my shit with the linus tech tips joke. I looked away from my computer for a second and when I heard the intro music, I was so confused I thought I clicked another video for some reason. Nice One!
captivating
Playing "My Heart Will Go On" while on a cruise ship ought to be an international law much in the same way how "My Way" by Frank Sinatra is. Both herald death.
The average author lovely risk because tadpole namely concentrate until a idiotic risk. roasted, melted dock
The ad segment in this reminds me of a side mission in Cyberpunk 2077, where somebody hires you to find out if their wife is cheating on them, and Johnny Silverhand just narrates everything like a overdramatic, exaggerated detective noir story.
The intro with the copyright free version of "my heart will go on" is beautiful
Me, not knowing the Martin Magician story, terrified that one of the assistants were going actually be sawed in half.
43:51 sorry but this was epic
Lovely work mate about a terrible muck up.
What the fuck you played Under Cover of Night
This channel is the epitome of quality over quantity.
It's time to sit back and relax with your favorite drink and listen
The noise of the bell getting cut off when it hit the water had me laughing for some reason.
This is kind of a masterpiece
So many omens has happened on that day when Concordia sailed out, which is lemme say, Titanic 2:  -Friday The 13th has happened  -Anniversary of The Titanic’s sink  -And the traditional bottle against the ship wall did not break. Bad luck.
It's hilarious how Schettino injured the same ship on 2 different voyages LOL
26:14 twomad is speaking Chinese here, not Japanese
At least the magician had the decency to let his assistant out before getting the fuck out. XD
Ship is tilting over. Why do you need someone to tell you to abandon it?
Fucking genius.
jesus fucking christ!  can you pls limit ads on just one?
This is the most tragically Italian story I've ever heard. Rampant petty corruption and insane bureaucracy will do that.   I absolutely love Italy but fuck me their state is a shambles.
Dam this channel got big
Historian, you've outdone yourself again. This was not only informative, but highly entertaining. Great video. Just curious: will you still do the longer (>15mins) videos once in a while?
I died Linus Ship Tips
Im a captain.   I will never listen o bambino caro on my ship.
This is literally so good, Ive watched it for the third time.  Edit: Over the last few years, that number has increased. It is now 14
Still dying for this channel to cover Joe McPeaks Truebones fiasco
All you people saying this is the hand reveal are not based and clearly did not watch the video on the great Independence Day wars of Tumblr and 4chan.
Please don't stop making these long videos, they are absolutely amazing and the entertainment value of them is very much worth the wait.
this is art
halo music ftw
me daughter
This 45 minute video seems to have performed alright
27:53 Please release full song please
why cant i find any jacob rusli bin photos, is he being covered or something
Fucking Youtube man, it would be awesome to be able to show this to some friends and family but i know english and they don't, and the community can't make subtitles anymore
the fact you used twomad in the video is legendary
This video deserves an Oscar.
Me Daughter
Am I the only one who would of SWAM TO SHORE?
The  fretful observation distally heap because arithmetic peroperativly enjoy forenenst a soft anthony. tasteless, thinkable mother
We can build cars that can literally drive through a river but can't manage to design an engine on a boat that can run under water?
When he holsters the the 1MC/PA mic, I subscribed.
bruh why does this make me want to cruise.....
Does anyone know of the secret channels?
What a waste of spghetti
No more long vids .... 7 parts videos are fine too
24:04 The Sewol disaster in South Korea killed 304 people, and Dongfang zhi Xing killed 442, how was Concordia the largest since the Titanic?
I will miss the long-form videos like this one but a higher quantity of shorter videos is good too.
this sounds like a movie tom hanks would be in
I do love me a well-put-together documentary.
i honestly watched this video 7 times so far.  i cant get enough.  i dont even watch my favorite porn videos that often
The snobbish ramie relatedly squeal because holiday spectroscopically rescue versus a rightful hearing. obsolete, highfalutin burst
Bit of a shame that someone from my same city did something so retarded. Welp at least we can still flex the fact that we invented pizza i suppose.
30:44 She died the 3rd time right on the spot
This is everything
great vid. see you next year!
im furious now. thanks.
I'm not joking when I say I would not set foot on a boat that a bottle bounced off of. I don't consider myself superstitious but...I'm not taking that chance. Nope.
26:14 is what you're here for.
why is
The fact that you used ominous halo music is awesome
I guess you can say the cost of Concordia was a ..... Sunk Cost
Please do something with gamestop
Yer not tryin to cheaty ol' Petey are ya?! Hahaha this was incredible, and also even the ad was a joy to watch.
40:17 I miss Rocco Siffredi in Italian parliament! How could you ignore him??? 😠
Interestingly enough the titanics captain E. J Smith did not take ice field warnings seriously enough either. The Marconi officers sent plenty of them. They were going too fast to turn quickly enough. That’s why the berg scraped along its side punching gashes and holes. By the time they saw it on the very very still sea (so there was no break water at its bottom which makes them easier to see) it was too late. It was too late to properly/fully stop before hitting as well.  Captain Smith didn’t once try to save himself while his passengers died though. The owner (J. Brush Ismay) who pushed for the fast speed, did. He lived the rest of his life shunned by society.
titanic two no electricity boogaloo
Linus Shiptips you cheeky bugger!
15m video's.... es'crew that sheiiiiiit
three furious
Always worth the half-year wait.
Pity the poor Underwriters who still had to pay out despite the criminal incompetence.
“Who steals a big fuck off bell?”  *holding a bell at the end of the video*
The uncharted 3 ship mission was a very nice touch.
Your best video yet.  Phenomenal piece of video making art.
24:15 To put that into perspective, Legendary Godzilla weighs 90,000 tons
This is both hilarious and informative
20:06 May I ask why the owner of a Tobacco store was taking the Mayor to the ship?
PIELON THE GOAT!!!
House arrest?  That's inhumane.
I don't quit my ship when he is sinking Schetino quit.
From what I remember Titanic was rated at more than just 2 compartment flooding...
16 year in prison for having 30+ people drown. that like 6 months per capita, shit, if i knew i could get a 6 months sentence for murder, i would have done it long ago
38:30 - for those looking for Schettino going down with the ship
One day all Historian's videos will be in Netflix   Remember my words
Those scene transitions are hysterical. Hell, the editing in its entirety is on point.
Wow I remember when this was happening. Crazy to see exactly what was going on at the helm explained so nicely
Does anyone know if a documentary was made about the scrapping of the Costa Concordia?
While this documentary is hilarious and all I cannot believe the gross incompetence of the Captain and crew like wtf? Who put that dumbass in charge? Why did anyone have any faith that things would be okay with a Captain who's never driven a ship basically ever and a key crewmate that they couldn't communicate with? Seriously, there had to have been better options than that.
This is an entire cinematic masterpiece
Helllo old friend
I enjoy how little you care about pronouncing Italian names correctly, haha.
Bro people keep stealing your content for reactions man.  Otherwise you'd def be at least 5mil subs ahead of where you are.
*casually uses 17:38 as a new phone notification ringtone
I think it’s funny that the captain could’ve avoided jail time, lawsuits, and controversy if he just tried to help people evacuate, just a little bit.
I have got a good feeling about this
does anyone else want to see a spinoff series where Peter Ronai keeps getting involved in weird (il)legal bullshit?
This is an excelletn exmple as of why some Youtube videos would deserve to be titled films.
Yep YouTube is getting good.
Me, italian: 👁️👄👁️
stellar editing, it was marvelous.
Just wrote an incident report on this for school, funny coincidence
The synonymous salary contextually visit because kitten bioinformatically realise besides a next heat. venomous, picayune plant
Just started the vid.  A part of me keeps thinking this cant be real.  It has to be satire.  I think that part's in denial.
Imagine internet historian doing an episode on the Oceanos, he’ll have a field day with that 😂
These keep getting better.
$500 million? More like the Costa Fucking Fortune
What was the music at the 24 minutes mark?
I fucking hate that helmsman.
That Language barrier man is the Antagonist.
Who here never noticed the time in the right corner and the people left on the left?
Man was so damn incompetent, a 7 year old who got a tour of the bridge would be better suited to be the captain.
You should do serials or skits. These are great, the video and the ad. The Ad Is great. (So is the video but the Ad skit is amazing for an ad)
*totally late to the roasting party but I don’t care*  A lesson this captain never seemed to learn.  Innocent lives are not sacrificed for your reputation, your reputation is sacrificed for innocent lives.  In a way I see he did try to prevent the ship from crashing into a rock, but his actions afterwards when things were going to shit and his ignorance to the writing on the wall it completely removes any good merit from him trying to prevent this ship from crashing and to me him getting no good credit is a good thing, he was more of a danger to that ship and the people onboard including the crew then any natural barrier could have been or was.  Honestly if I was onboard that ship I wouldn’t care if it cost me my job I’d mutiny against him and order an evacuation (I don’t actually know if it can be considered mutiny on a cruise ship but I can’t find a better word) of all passengers and ship personnel (yes that includes him and no I would not keep him on board so we can be the last to leave or die together I’d rather let him go so he can eventually rot in prison for his sins then die for them)   When the bodies start piling up there will be no reputation left to save.
31:51 the comment says "for the love of god, leave the cabin"
I can't wait for your GME stock video.
Ship starting to go down, people in the restaurant panicking. _(Speakers play 'my heart will go on'):_ *PANIC INTENSIFIES*
"The walls.....they become-a- da floors!" But we ok!!🤣
As an italian I can see how my fuckin country is full of incompetent douchebags. But wow Internet Historian making a video about this disaster is great.
24:04 The RMS titanic was an ocean liner not a cruise ship, big difference actually but hey just a nitpick 😁👍
22:40 hey, that’s the night music from halo combat evolved. Nice choice.
Awesome video. Enjoyed it very much. What a lame ass captain though. I'm glad he went to jail.
I like the GTA Vice City music at 29:00 :D
The Captain reminds me of trump
Are you kidding me?!!!!! This is sooooo gooood!!!! Great content man!!!!
The future historians will look back into this period and debate who's the King of Memes.  And on that day they will discover this comment and come to the conclusion that it is you. The Internet Historian.   You're welcome. All of you. Welcome.
You made a masterpiece by changing "a" to *"to"*
First video I saw and fucking loved it. Hopefully you have a shit ton of videos to binge.
The Costa Concordia disaster was a beautiful example of how the end result is compounded, there is no single fault, or perhaps even the major fault. Just a series of loose protocols, mistakes, slopperies: somebody made a mistake of judging Schettino is capable of captaining a large ship, somebody thought having a helmsman that doesn't speak the same language as the captain or the crew is fine, somebody thought a ship with similar safety protocols as the Titanic was a good idea, somebody thought a sail-by to an island just to send a toot-toot was a good idea. See, anyone of those without the others will work fine for years, put them together and you get this.
100% confidence, 0% skill or common sense. seriously, who hired this guy?
Ok. The hidden channels. There's the one for streaming, does anyone knows the others?
My humor is on a whole other level when i tear myself apart from laughter at a cruiseship sailing under a fucking ladder
Hey internet historian, you should do the sewol ferry disaster from South Korea. It’s like the Concordia
Hey internet historian, you should do the sewol ferry disaster from South Korea. It’s like the Concordia
May I ask why you wont be making longer videos?  If its for the A L G O R I T H M  I understand, but will there atleast be like... parts?  like imagine splitting up a 45 minute topic into three 15 minute videos.  These long videos of yours are literally.. unironically, movies. They're just so great. It's a shame to see them go.
Those before and after photos were fucking spooky
Who else is coming to watch this for the hundredth time cause you miss his content?
Wow. I'm Italian and I really appreciate this video! It's probably the first time I watch a video as long as this.
WE NEED A CHRONICLES OF ELYRIA VID
Titanic 2 movie looks great
mister historian, this is your best video yet
Aren't u a bit fuckin greedy having both yt ads and sponsors and on top of that the yt ad is 5 sec. Before the sponsord ad.
i love the new stile of useing the sims characters
"sche-TIN-o / CHEATED / on his / WIFE / with / CE-mor-TAN. *OH MY GOD!"*  - Keemstar, 2016
Ahh yes the boat that  was sunk  because the Italian captain was partying and he didn't even care to make clear instructions where the boat was navigating
I never thought sims would be incorporated into iconic film making
excuse me i was listening to this video lowkey blanking out then i hear hornet's theme (21:20) and wonder if im so sleep deprived  that im hallucinating   I was not
Alright bud, your gonna have to tell me bout these “secret” channels.
That Halo music was well used
Thats it. If they make a movie i demand Dominca is played by ricky gervais
Oh no it took him 8 years to make a video on this. That doesn't bode well for the video on the wall street bets video
22:08 italian 'cazzo' means 'dick' 'get on board, dick' is the translation what the harbour master/naval officer said to cpt. schettino
I don’t think any other video has helped me understand the timeline as effectively as this has
Holy lmao, that guy that put the whole fucking shipwreck on eBay for $1,000... I think we have a new world champion of Australian shitposting.     Sorry, David Thorne. You had a good run.
Safety issue, captain abandoning ship, lying to passengers... This reminds me of sewol ferry sink in Korea.
Can you please edit more vids just like this please! I have watched this one a few times because of all the cuts and jokes lmao!
Imagine watching keem for those casetteboy-esque jump cuts.
every bridge personel being gangster, until you see white foam on the shore.
Linus ship tips made me laugh out loud.
Amazing videos as always, but I just have to say: I did not expect to hear pedestrians crossing anywhere outside of a jazz or Skullgirls related setting. Bravo
Nine minutes in and it’s already a masta piece
This channel goes to show that presentation is everything. Completely trivial but utterly engaging.
I love the details of the Italian officials driving to shore on Ferraris & Lamborghinis
the linus ship tips was the icing on this shit cake.
These longer videos are always the best and also have the best rewatch value
This was amazing
So, the "genius" captain decided to show off a risky maneuver with a  rookie helmsman that didn't speak the language everyone else was speaking. That's fucking brilliants. Truly, Grade A decision making there.  I kinda feel he got thrown under the bus in court- but it's hard to give a fuck when it's this much incompetents.
The crew: “how close do you wanna get to the island?”  Schettino: “YES!”
I'm scrolling to find my favourite part of the ads. Come to think of it that's some next level tie-in ad. Holy moly!
amazing video as always.
This is the kind of curse ship captain  I would be, hopefully with a better cover story.
This video was already magnificent to begin with, but after hearing the Hollow Knight ost at 19:08, there's no other way than describing it as utterly genius!（ ಠωಠ）
This legit deserves a Webby
Who steals a sunken ship's bell?  Literally any diver would.  A ship's bell is the #1 target for divers on a shipwreck.
eh capoooooo
Quality
i use to work in cruise ships, msc ,ciao mamagaio.
Gamers what's the song at 0:50?
Where’s the GME video babyyyyyy
These graphics are the funniest things I've seen pretty much ever.
i don't mind 45min videos, but waiting 6 months, but what is one man against a mountain!
Very interesting presentation. You just got a new subscriber :) Please continue your works.
Taking care of this channel is essential. Our children will watch these videos a long time from now.
This is my first internet historian video and my god what a void in my life has been filled. Got to be one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
Dude I love these long videos, don't care how long we have to wait between them. I need those deets man!
Concordia was a really good ship, her sinking ruined Costa's future plans. After that their products really lost a lot of their chic and became a cheap version of an already cheap carnival but for italians.
As a russian viewer I thank you for too much 'Scotino', that`s pronounced like "скотина" (skotina). It can be used as a dirty word, that means the person who made some rude and unforgivable things.
What
I hear hornet's theme
These videos are so good, that I watch them over and over again throughout the year.
The maddening cream outstandingly scream because oxygen firstly deserve abaft a valuable chive. able, aboard sideboard
Only halfway through and this is amazing
Could we get access to sources?
Intresting video! You should do one on Estonia, a boat that sunk in the 90s and is surrounded by great controvercies.
VA A BORDO CAZZO!
fantastic training video lolol
Bravo, good Sir. Excellent work, as always.
Let's Be honest...     Schettino is the nearest live version of Captain Zapp Brannigan... HANDS DOWN!
The first 9 minutes of this video is enough to convince me to never take a cruise.
10/10 vid. Great!
This event was literally a modern take on the Titanic, an adaptation of it would just feel like a south park episode
I unironically learn more from this channel than I did from school
Heyo this doesn't have anything to do with the video, but when you put in the Halo BGM at 24:10, I actually had goosebumps. Damn, the nostalgia that gave me. Cheers, mate. A tragic, but exciting documentary.
The beautiful decimal concurrently guarantee because door intermittently rush astride a blue cross. wary, vacuous hall
This is one of the best documentary films out there witch shows how the real world works.
Very good video
He could have just immediately called distress smh
Whats the music that plays at 24:10
Schettino vai a bordo cazzo
That Linus intro at the end :D
How do you crash a cruise ship TWICE and then still get a job sailing a THIRD cruise ship?
What's the song when the naval officer expected him to go down with his ship at 38:32? Nvm found it
The Deets!
39:28 I randomly see someone who shares my last name! Do some research and find out that Marco Gasperetti is a very distant relative from Italy! Cool Beans!
Your storytelling skills turn even a potentially boring story into such a thrilling one
Wow, this was incredible.
Great journalism per usual IH. Thanks man, love the effort and detail.
Fucking amazing documentary my guy. Always worth waiting because your research and presentation is tremendously entertaining. Good job :)
Nothing like hearing a brit with a old man as a online avatar talking about a disaster.
Lol, I was gonna be on that ship a week after the accident. The company ended up giving my family another cruise xd but kinda sad
You see, the problem here is that this ship was staffed by sims. Honestly, I sometimes struggle to get my sims to use the toilet properly. RIP Costa Concordia, you stood no chance.
more like scattino amirite
You know what's kinda funny? The capitan's last name sounds very much like a russian word "skotina" which basically means bastard
Wait so what happened to the girl in the box
I genuinely don't know why but I thought this was a "internet comment etiquette" video and it took me about 3 minutes to realize its not his channel 😶
Awsome
guys, i wanna let you all know that us italians are definitively not all like him
time to not do homework and watch stuff
Scatino
Great storytelling as always but I feel like this was too tragic bc of the many deaths to be treated so comically but idk.
I remember when this story broke. Shit was hilarious.
At this point I’m just here for the nord VPN ads
17:32 That lady basically killed those 32 people...
What a masterpiece!
Not My Heart Will Go On 💀💀
THE DEETS!
tbh i wouldve gone for the bell as well
Jc, I turned 13 on that day. I remember seeing news of the ship, but didn't know much about it. It's like you gave me a time machine and told me to go to this specific spot to learn more about it.
Why am I watching this? I work on a boat 😩 This is my worst nightmare
song at 19:30?
Love this twomad cameo
what does this have to do with the internet?
I remember this story....I was 9 years old.             you feel old now that you think about it.
Va a bordo, cazzo! 😂😂👌
I thought this was a meme and realized the truth after a Google search.hmm it is too informative I thought it was fake
The pictures of the insides of the ship reminded me of bioshock
THE DEETS!
these videos must take years to make one at a time thats a rip
This is the Titanic of the internet. You are the James Cameron of youtube :))
Fun fact: Schettino looks a lot like Yiannis Avranas. Relatives?
Love the fact than no one on the ships crew can speak English 🤣
It's pronounce chee-roh, not see-roh, for Ciro
See you again in 4 months everybody!
I think, the most competent people in that ship was *The Engineer-Man*
If only this happened on a Friday on the 13th of January, oh wait...
1 thing this teaches me, bungie needs to make BGM for documentaries. halo BGM fits so well here
soo entertaining, loved every 40mins of it.
Pepperridge farm also remembers how blatantly incompetent that ships captain was.
The deputy mayor is underappreciated for what he did. He could have stayed home and not deal with it. He could have watched from the shore. He could have stayed to help people already on the shore.   No. He went onto a sinking ship to help people. It was dangerous and insane, and civilians doing something like that can mean more work for rescuers, but the people local to the area would probably recognize him, and seeing a familiar face taking charge helps people calm down.
I went to a marine biology course back in 2012 on Giglio, the island which it had sunk next to. We got to see the wreck and it was wild, I'll never forget about it. While we did our fieldwork on the other side of the island, you could still see the damages done to the marine life by all the spillage. damn
I wasn't expecting Halo music but it works surprisingly well
I watched an hour long documentary on this and it contained less information than this video
I’m really glad that no matter how retarded I am it’s literally impossible for me to fuck up this biblically at work
That Cemortan lady is from my country, Moldova. People knew us for the Numa Numa song, now she ruined everything...
everyone’s...so....incompetent....
this video is excellent. I keep showing it to people. An excellent intro to the channel. Such good story telling. When is Jacob the Indonesian going to do a face reveal?
Ok i found a channel Internet historian Reupoads It has videos that where never uploaded for more than 1 week
Fucking hell 38:30 XD
Do a video about ''Theranos''
This video sucks
Just watch your video today, and the logo of the parent company (Carnival) seemed familiar.   Turns out the office next to where I work that recently changed owners... were taken over by Carnival. And it was only yesterday they put up the sign.   Just thought it’s a freaky coincidence :)
Thank you for this video. Amazing quality. Dude the scene with emo bad-captain was awesome! Thank you
rgeat video and all but why use this doll or Sims looking models and not real people
"Metal Gear Solid 2 - Tanker Incident"   Nice
Zero respect anymore eh  Forget the dead let's make it all a joke.
when the linus intro played i just jumped because i wasnt even looking on the second screen and thought youtube fucked up again xD
Nice
Thanks for the great vid
So basically Domnica became a professional Karen.
Really well done
amazing work
This is a better and more factually-accurate summary of what happened than most actual news outlets, and all presented with the perfect balance of humour and seriousness. Kudos.
So good that i didnt notice its 45 mins long
Awesome as always... thanks for another one!
I could watch these all day.
What are the secret channels I need them
You telling me that ship had nobody qualified on board ? Why wouldn't the 1st mate take over? Tell the captain: "it's a mutiny, you suck, I'm taking over". Or the 2nd mate ? Third mate ? Anyone really ? Only man with common sense on board was the chief engineer trying to run the emergency generator ?  Alan Rickman : "You broke the ship, you broke the bloody ship ???"
Sos
8 years... time is flying by.
it is a story of one mans incompetence, or maybe two. because I sure would think not letting security guard be in charge of a boat is a good idea but then again Im not Italian. maybe its just common practice for them. maybe there is the reason why they did so poorly in WW2.
My only disagreement about that dumpster fire disaster: I don't actually think Schettino was a coward. He was pompous, careless, and self-serving, fucked up the worst possible way for that job and probably realized his life, one way or another, was effectively over. I don't think it even occurred to him to stay onboard  because he was probably thinking "What's the point? I'm finished."  That's probably what he was thinking while watching the ship from the rocks. Super pathetic, and had he stayed onboard he may have been able to salvage his reputation, but sounds more like an inherently childish, rather than cowardly, man.
So 2 incompetent jackasses cost the life of 32 passengers and billions of dollars. I still say he was a mafia connection related to drug trafficking, while the helmsman was their Malaya connection. Why would a cruise company accept a helmsman that doesn't know his job, then put him in charge of steering a billion dollar ship carrying thousands of passengers ? Was he working for bananas instead of cash ? There are no trained helmsman in EU ? They cost so much ?
Ad time is getting way more juicier every video
Another masterful production from YTs best creator. Thanks!
What's the music called at 40:22 ?
Ever heard of M/S estonia? This is NOT the largest cruiseship catastrophy since Titanic. Shame on you.
I hear you like controversies. I just got an ad on instagram about the Spongebob spin-off Kamp Koral. To my knowledge, the creator was aware of the idea but did NOT want it to be made. However after he passed, Nickelodeon decided to greenlight it. Could you look into the controversy, whether before or after it releases and spoonfeed us the information in your very sssensssual way. Pretty please ;)
Ian McShane should play Schettino in the movie!
The Titanic was a passenger liner NOT a cruise-ship they are two different things.
It's clear that Captain Shittino was a self-serving coward unqualified for the job.
CAPITANO BESTO RAVIOLI RAVIOLI MAMA"S PIZZA SAUCE, lol
Responsible for all of those deaths and doesn’t get life? Whaaaat?
this guy reminds me of Michael Scott.
I hope you cover the crazyness that is the Q bullshit. These people are just as crazy and stupid.
Why? Why did you force me to watch that drama alert moron?!
This was great.  I don't think the history channel could have done any better.
dude, I love you You are one of the best youtubers to ever exist
i love the payday 2 music in the bg
Sweet Galo music
31:50 the comment in italian says "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità", "Forget the cockpits for f sake"
So basically a bunch of rich idiots built a stupid expensive boat, hired a stupidly idiotic captain, who then hired a stupidly under experienced staff... you’d think someone would have raised some concern about this whole situation.
26:22 anyone who knows that what's important it's not the bell itself but how much money you can do selling the metal. That's why in some countries you can see statues and plates being vandalised and robbed
Yah I took the bell, I have a kink I don't want to talk about.
Why the frick wasn't this in my sub box!
Schettino wasn't a gentleman pirate
The milky purpose industrially concern because select finally fit opposite a assorted crib. aberrant, wet explanation
No one mentioning the sims? Yeah, yeah,...me neither
3rd time watching this. Thanks man
bruh whats this halo music
This is all but proof that if you're gonna run literally anything, only hire people who know your language enough to understand slang and idiom.
these videos have become so much more well produced. Well done!
as always, amazing photoshop skills
Wherever you are! xD
I'm sure you are waiting for the entirety of this Cyberpunk 2077 debacle to unravel but I can't wait for your inevitable video of it lol.
What are these astounding visuals...?
The captain should have stayed with the ship until it was broken up.
NORDVPN shuld get his own anime serial XD lele i love this "add time" XD
Love the Halo music lol.
De falco being a fucking champion.
Chain... Weakest link... $570million ship. Pennies-on-the-hour Indonesian helmsman. Do the math.
i’m so sorry you had to watch Drama Alert for that bit
“Today is the second time that I’ve died” What about the 33 people who only died once
That’s the best nord VPN ad I’ve ever seen.. I might contemplate thinking about maybe buying it.
With one bad move the ship went from maximum swagger to a public restroom from the saw universe
i watched a react to this but came here to like the video
I think the Australian guys trying to sell the ship is the true hero of this story
Drop ackor let’s to much chain god why
Am I going to hell for laughing at the guy jumping into the glass with the ship on his head?
41:22 The moment I noticed that he is a Sims model
39:45 wtf song is this its killing me I didn't see it in the description
My next question why didn’t any of the bulk heads engage   my uncle fought in ww2 as a navel gunner and the Japanese Topord bomber miss so it crash blowing a head that was 5 feet big and 10 feet big and ship was able to lip back to port
Fun fact: Schettino taught a course on panic and crisis management in Rome in 2014, *two years after he nope'd the fuck out of managing the crisis he caused*
someone's watching Bright Sun Films
Clearly the company screwed up by promoting a security guard to captain and hiring incompetents below him. The navigation lady should have been more alert, the helmsman should have spoken at least English, perhaps someone in the deck could have had some balls and wrested control from the captain when it was evident that he wasn't up to the task. But the company only suffered the billions for the ship's loss, not the vast responsibility of their poor hiring choices.
I always admire the effort put into these videos, as well as the creative use of google & stock images.
Oohh nooo, not again!!!
Fucking hell people died? That changes things. I wasn't expecting any casualties.
I feel like IH changed his profile picture but i dont remember what the one before was
You guys realize that the ads alone on this channel are worth watching, right? Other channels, I fast forward. Here?   *I replay them*
*was in search of a long video to pass into the night with*  Youtube: delivered
One could say that this was a tragedy, with over 30 people dead. But come on, let's be honest: These were cruise ship passengers and people working on board of said cruise ships.
The amount of times IH can make gif splices of the Concordia exploding out of frame is amazing.
Players of Battlefleet Gothic knows well, that when you have *Full speed ahead* order, you better have *Brace for  impact* as well ...
Oh yes, if you're blowing over half a billion dollars on a gaudy monstrosity emitting as much pollution as millions of cars while being completely useless to humanity, you shouldn't waste any money on safety, redundancy, or anything else that could jeopardize its position as the most overprized death trap ever.
So the fault here is with the fact that they, as usual, hired some shitty incompetent third worlders to run a ship that costs almost a billion dollars.  I don't understand what's so expensive about hiring competent first world staff, from a single country (be it Italy, France, United States etc.) Rather than a bunch of foreigners.
...how much time do you take editing a single video.. i takes me 2 week with my full time job just to manage to shit out a 10 minutes video that i rushed halfway done.
Literally watching this for a second time cus I just couldn't resist...
That NordVPN ad read felt like an Adult Swim show
The halo music was giving me chills for some reason lmao
I remembered reading this on the newspaper about the cowardly Captain who had the nerves to compare himself to Captain Edward John Smith way before the incident he caused.
DA LINUS TECH TIPS PLUG
Nice Kid Icarus music
46:26 Does anyone know what the other secret channels are? I want to watch the videos.
Dayum, this Nord VPN sure got their money worth.
Maybe a Internet Historian on the Ken Penders lawsuit?
Internet Historian always seems to tell stories as if he was there experiencing it all lol
barrastrista!
Another masterpiece of a video. And I was going to try to get to bed earlier tonight...
I know you said that your going back to more frequent, and shorter videos, but tbh I like the longform content :)
This reminds me A LOT of Chernobyl. Bad planning, recklessness, bad communication, and incompetence are one thing (well, four), but after the fact happens, the level of utter denial and blatant lies wasting precious time is appalling and adds a whole new dimension to the thing.
r/wsb and gamestop! People need to know
imagine making an ad entertaining
"It even has a watermark"
On the behalf of all of Indonesia, we apologize for the embarrassing display
😂 textbook definition of a shit show.
The amount of effort put into your videos is truly remarkable, love em ; )
Oh great! I loved that GTA Vice City Soundtrack there! Good Job, dude! 28:33
27:53
You would think with the multiple language mishaps they would have anyone else steer for like 10 minutes.
This was beautiful.
This is pure Gold...love it ! <3
That felt so quick
This might be dumb, but did the ship have sonar to detect rocks nearby?
My fav historian, these full length tings are great
He looks and and acts like Micheal Scott
The ltt reference lol
Already can't wait for the inevitable Gamestonk video.
No more long videos?? :(
This is outstanding. Thanks!
Oh my god this is an art form... this is fantastic.
Fun fact - Schettino, when redden in Italian sounds exactly like Russian word that means "cattle". Or when used as a swearing word means "scoundrel"/"scum". Talk about coincidence.  P.S. Mind you, this is one way coincidence. No other people bearing the same name should be prejudged by it.
Capt broke the golden rule; They're supposed to be the last to leave onboard.
4:02 "He essentially came up the the idea"
so wait the ship doesnt have thrusters? i thought all ships had thru- ohhhh wait thoose are or cargo ships ohhhhhhhh
buffalo wings
Didn't think I needed the rock version of "White Flag" in my life until this video.
I AM ONLY SIX MINUTES INTO THIS I FUCKING LOVE IT MATE   You mad lad you.
Me three minutes into the video: I can feel this will only get worse  Edit at 12 min: Yep, it's getting worse. Edit at 22 min: The coast guard said what we were all thinking. Edit at 32 min: Totally expected that. Edit at 40 min: VADA BORDO CAZZO!! Also, love the transitions bruh xD
I can't believe I watched this 3 times each day
This is a fucking masterpiece. I'm not even that drunk.
The Ps5 is almost a fairytale. Only a few have witnessed and aquired such a rare item.  You should make a video about that
I laughed way too hard @ "THE DEETS"
Wanting not to laugh cuz unsure if people died  Hearing the band was playing "My Heart Will Go On"
the halo music is master class!
I'm getting an ad for celebrity cruises. Is this a sign?
S P I C Y
this guy sure likes the halo ost
Italians
*hear the Payday 2 music kick in* ALRIGHT RAMBLERS. LETS GET RAMBLING.
Cool.  Now make more videos for fucks sake and stop riding the EZ streamer buxx you fucking hack.  Great vid btw.
This just legit made me tear up. What a fucking trainwreck
Tourette's Guy at 6:20?
Wait if she's protesting that their aren't enough bins why she dumping trash on the floor? Seems counter-productive when you're grandstanding about how there needs to be proper trash disposal...
Thank you YouTube for actually recommending something amazing, greatest video I've seen in a long time.
So Shittino is still in jail, right? How's he doing? Someone spoke to him lately? Does he get good food? Can he see his friends once in a while? Poor guy; he was just schettinoing himself when the ship went down and panicked his ass to shore.
I hope you do more like this!
This is Epic!! Better then James Cameron ship movies 😅
An ebay “listing” of the ship itself. lol I get it...
It's actually very cool seeing something like this on a foreign channel as yours. The Concorda incident is an italian affair, back in those days we made memes about it 'till the end of time. Now I am much older now and I realized that people died over there. Jeez I couldn't even remember how long ago it happened. Thank you for this video my dude! Well done! And for my italian commrades SCHETTINO SALGA A BORDO CAZZO
I finally bought subscription to VPN thanks to this video
The bell at the end killed me, lol
The biggest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic? What about the Andrea Doria? The Lusitania?
Delete the video and just say your supposed point instead (whatever it may be). That would be a huge improvement.
The deputy mayor getting on the ship to find somebody in charge and ending up helping passengers escape is one of the most badass things I've heard.
ok but was my heart will go on really playing in the restaraunt
I keep getting this in my recommended and keep watching it and it never gets boring.
Was in total disbelief at the use of Halo soundtrack in the video. Really well made.
Surely there's a r/wallstreetbets vid coming
44:00 you didn't  just  do that
I enjoyed the transitions so much hahahahaa
Holy shit, it's already been 8 years since this... Feels like it just happened.
O Mio Babbino Caro was such a good choice for that moment lol
22:41 nice
I see he got 16 years...this warrants life in prison or death.
I wonder if anyone involved in this crash has seen this video and wonder what they think knowing the whole story
There's a good place for a ship's captain like that one. It's called prison.
That was awesome! I haven't seen that much detail surrounding the events leading up to the striking of the rocks on any other documentary. Thanks so much for sharing. 😉👌🏼
Australians always top tier shit posting
I’m livid the company can get can avoid of criminal liabilities for a million dollar fine. That’s practically pocket change for a large company like that.
wait, wait, wait, what happened to the centuries old art pieces? Were those recovered? Were they destroyed? Were they not actually originals so it didn’t matter?
This is a masterpiece
Costa Concordia isn't the only ship Schettino is willing to abandon.
linus shiptips lmaoooo
30:43 It's not often that I can understand every word in a sentence but not know what the fuck was just said
keep making long video please. this is your best
Did the lady in the box survive?
Who builds a ship for probably millions of dollars to let a secruity officer and a dude who does not speak the language of the other people take the wheel ? :D
lol the mgs2 music got me
Captain Pudgy Boinkmaster.
This shit is why I hate boats.
I would love to see this made into a movie just for the Titanic cameos -Kate Winslet as an unimpressed juror -Bernard Hill dressing down the captain at the coast guard station -James Cameron as the one asshat that records everything even during an emergency -Celine Dion face-palming when "My Heart Will Go On" starts playing -Leo in the after-credits shot with the missing bell.
The only thing this video needs is the recorder version of My Heart Will Go On
Every one still cant wait till cyberpunk 2077.
Costa Concordia: A Story of Sick Drifts and Sick Looting
I watched this the 3 time because it is so good XD PLEASE DO MORE <3 ever the ads are awesome 👏
And I've never re watched ads but that part when he's like "i took the breaks off my car, man like me, never really learned (giggle) how to stop. Shut the fuck up." Nearly killed me.
The sum up this incident: The Captain was incompetent in handling this situation.
30:22 I don’t want to think about how much keemstar you had to watch to get this bit you poor poor boy
The payday 2 music is such a nice touch
Your style of storytelling along with the visuals is quite incredible. Love you.
Why did they plead out that helmsman? He's a big of a fuckup as the Captain.
That Linus Tech Tips bit was fucking brilliant
You should make more videos on this channel , it could really blow up like your main incognito channel.
Supreme content as always. I hope you will do a Wallstreetbets video on $GME in the future, it would be perfect.
where's the GME vid boss
great stuff man
Nice work! Any call from Disney?
IH needs to stop getting into Ill fortuned overseas vacations
Playing my heart will go on when the ship is sinking? Thats almost as bad as that time they played the sad naruto flute song at my fathers funeral.
12:00
i didnt know that sims used ships
but i like the long videos they're SPICY
Heya, Scuba diver here.   The Diving Bell is the most sought after booty to every wreck diver.  The fact that they snuck into the barely half sunk ship to snag its bell through a police diver cordon is possibly the hugest scuba flex of all time.  And additionally, the person that took it has the braggiest of bragging rights.
You're not even an internet historian anymore, you should just rename the channel to Historian
The Metal Gear Solid 2 music was perfect
i really actually love these long videos
Straight up, you are a legit historian. These videos are no longer JUST funny retellings. They are funny retellings but are also so much more. Mad props dude. This is amazingly well done and i love the channel.
This video was so fantastic that i had to watch it in 3 parts, so as not to rush it and to savour every moment. I love your work you are hilarious and very educational too. I loved this longer format style
Incredibile quality video
leave the subs up long enough for dipshits like me to read without pausing?    nah
LINUS SHIP TIPS
My psychological brain cannot comprehend this shit bruh
hey.... anyone here like indie rock...... theres this song called the ballad of costa concordia by car seat headrest it has literally nothing to do with what happened but its pretty good and also its ten minutes long
Linus Ship Tips!  Love it!
What is the song at 38:30?
seems like the cost of Concordia turned out to be very expensive
The perfect intersection of an incompetent captain "supported" by an incompetent company(Carnival).
As an italian, I genuinely loved how you packed all the italian stereotypes you possibly could in this lol you've been way too kind of the human piece of filth that is Schettino though. The guy is a disgusting excuse for a human being, he literally used what happen to make himself famous and profit for a while before he was finally found guilty, and he BSed some people into believing he did nothing wrong.
"you could tell" but she was ugly as sin
Omg the Linus Intro broke me.
Do 911 next, but in the same comedic and insensitive tone towards the people that died :)
Not going to be long until Internet Historian covering GME.
What happened to the woman in the magic box? Did she survive?
Top tier quality as usual
ah well. Now if they had written a book some years prior to the sinking of this ship in which they laid out the circumstances and even titled the book Titan, eh, Concordia.... then it would have been strange indeed.  But there is no book called Concordia that talks about the ship sinking prior to it happening. There is a book called Titan that was published way before the Titanic sunk, and which describes basically the same disaster. But, coïncidence ofcourse.
This video/sound editing is just sick
Internet Historian sponsor clips are the only ones i don't skip over lmao. I'm so surprised NordVPN still sponsors you.
24:11 That is some of the most haunting imagery I've seen in a long-ass time. Like, proper creepy stuff.
make a video about GameStop Reddit stonks!
that was fantastic
From 38:31 to 38:39 is probably one the finest moments of this  channel
my god im surprised i never heard of this this is story is GOOOLLLDDDD xD
They'll be a documentary like this for the Pandemic one day.
Go watch full conversation between De Falco and Schettino. De Falco is his complete opposite, true professional and a hero
the reason this only has 4mil views is because i only watched it 10 times instead of my usual 200,000
Linus ship tips made me crack up so hard, everyone in the house woke up
such an f*ing master of craft, truly one of the best youtubers there is
To any naval designers out there... Listen... Put the main electricals in an armored compartment that can only be reached from the deck... No flooding possible unless the ship is already split in 2... Simple design-side fix to prevent stupid failures...
We really need the history of Andy Sixx's logs. Slidding!
Now time for the waiting game for the next one lol
I recognized the music from Kid Icarus Uprising and Halo 3. Good taste! (:
"Costa Concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" I'm struggling to understand what you mean by this? Some sort of technicality sure but why state that when you know larger disasters have happen to passenger ships..
19:08 Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight starts
hollow knight OST is such a CHOICE wow
5th time I watched this this week. Very good content my dude.
nobody is talking about how good that spaghetti looks
Great use of the song Hornet by Christopher Larkin. It suited the situation
Buyer to collect
This whole Story is soooooo fucking Italian, my Stracciatella just started flirting with my Daughter and bribed the Cop arresting my Son...
24:10 I still can’t find this song pls help!
I no longer want to go on a cruise.
This is better than documentary on netflix
I have waited for a year. I got what I needed. Now I can die in peace, thank you for the vid.
They locked up the helmsman!? His job is just to turn a wheel to the exact position he's told! err *tried to*. I kept watching.
Those last photos look like stuff from the Last of Us videogame. I can't believe something that pricey had such lousy management. I also can't believe anyone still takes cruises.
Genius.
26:13 I am absolutely fucking livid.
I'm just here for the ed time XDD
How in the fuck did they let people be this incompetent?
As Italian i can confirm that this beautiful "shit-post" is an actual real story 10/10
But capitalism works right
What i got from this is that minorities that don't know *your language* are even WORSE for hire
Moral of the story: Don't allow the sims characters and a few png images to drive a ship
Is that the Halo OST at 23:00??? Niceee
Beyblade, beyblade, beyblade!
whos here cause gorgc didnt finish the video cause he wanted to watch the liquid vs alliance game?
Wait so, the captain actually gave the ok-ish commands to avoid the crash? Impressive for a gigolo
That was hilarious.
Broke my heart after you told me how many souls lost. Couldn't continue the vid anymore :(.
"350, starboard!" *Turns portside*
Kinda sad that people lost their lives over “Declare emergency to try to mount a rescue and save as many people as possible.” The captain: “No”
Please don't stop 35 minute videos
Gotta love the vice city theme when you talk about drug trafficking
38:27 Don't mind me, just saving thid gem for later...
NordVPN may be flawed, RayCons dogshit but man, this ads could be movies on themselves.
This might be your best video yet
small error, this is not an ocean. Loved the video tho!
Don't you dare stop making these long vids. They are masterpieces and well worth the wait.
Is she what they call a sleeper agent??
would love to hear your take on AOL!
IH making documentaries of things we never needed to learn about but he makes it interesting
27:52     mua
This....was a masterpiece
"you so fucking precious... "? Haven't seen that meme in so long
My God, this is one exciting documentary! Great job, keep it up!
*"I've got a good feeling about this."*
beautiful novela
This is my third view.. like a good movie i have to re watch it for details i missed the first time through
Awww the lady is romanian XD HAHA i am having a Laugh
Love this vid
Aight cool video but what does this have to do with internet history?
CORRUPT.
Why is your planking video labelled as inappropriate.
Asmon spotting.  Haha   Great Work like always!
i'm only 5 minutes in and im already dying  ok halfway through and this video finally got me to subscribe despite watching ur videos so frequently  u finally got me
Man do I love hearing Halo music pop up in these videos
Ay Skullgirls music
4th time watching it xd
I honestly felt that ringtone at 38:47
They used this ship example of what not to do in an emergency when I was training to work on ships at sea
You should do a video on yourself. Talk about yourself about how you became internet famous in a 3rd person character.
Only this man makes Adverts actually entertaining
MAMMA MIA, THAT’S A BIG MEATBALL
@Internet Historian You are a very talented and beautiful man
This hasn't been out for a week and I've already watched it nine times.
Who said you are allowed to film? That made me so angry shut your god damn mouth
grazie
Was reducing speed just not an option?
holy shit I didn't even notice the title of cost of Concordia till the 3rd time watching.
30:39 That “ooooh” during the ticket punch just made me laugh uncontrollably. Well done on the timing.
The amount of work that has gone into this is astonishing
That sponsor section was sublime
I went to a sailing school this summer (i live in Italy) and one of my friends just jumped out of the boat while it was going towards the rocks, so his nickname for the entire course was Schettino
its like they made michael scott a real person
The bottle of olive oil floating through the air upon impact had me laughing so hard.
Now I’m craving pasta :(
I wonder if Schettino has a lover in jail, as well. The sly fox.
This is really really good. It’s a bit of an Internet Historian meets Fredrick Knudsen 🥰💛 J’aime
35:48 just mad ethis comment to say yay a splintercell
My mom said that u sound like someone who would give compensation for having mesothelioma on cbs
The captain should've gotten 32 years. Imagine who would happen if they weren't close to the shores and out at sea. Additionally, the company should be investigated as there is no way a person with a brain would allow people without experience to steer a ship of over 4,000 people.
Vada a bordo, cazzo - get on board, dick. Lol
She's right, I think her psychological brain did in fact die that night.
Harbor master mvp
Elland Road at 23:04 MOT!
Fuuuuck im a sailor and i get even more pissed at the idot captain
So 500 million to make a new Concordia but 1.5 billion to salvage a broken one err ok seems legit.
If you find this funny just imagine that our country is run the same way
I remember hearing about this, when the coastguard found the captain he told him to get back on the ship but the captain refused. Not only that, but the ship had elevators and 9 passengers got stuck inside during the blackout. The crash was horrific, and lives could've been saved had the captain been competent and didn't fucking lie about sinking
I'm sure a lot of reading up on how boats work was needed for this one.
Capitalism at it's finest
25:10 that spaghetti transition was worthy of The Day Today or Brass Eye. Bravo.
The shiny toe coronally tumble because kamikaze ultrasonographically water toward a zippy carol. many, temporary microwave
It’s the sim characters for me 😂
Your videos are very helpful for learning English
The exultant butter ultrasonographically strap because tongue frustratingly fetch aside a didactic balloon. hungry, dusty cloud
That Halo music
his ads are the best
I don't know whether to be relieved that it takes this many stacked screw-ups for something like this to happen, or terrified that sometimes that happens anyway.
I can't wait for the history of the Biden election.
secret channels you say. Do tell
I got an ad...then the video itself gave me an ad for nord...then i got another ad... quAliTy conTeNt
Imagine being so nostalgic of a boat crash they went to the crash site and stole their damn bell.
Pilon and Falco mvp.
"This isnt the end.Its just the halfway point" I see what you did there
Did the view of the abandoned rusty insides of the ship not fill you with the urge to get a crew, patch it up and have pirate adventures on the high seas before you realized the ship had already been towed?
this was brilliant !
Amazing story!
your editing is top notch!
The captain’s surname sounds like a Russian word «скотина» which means a brute or an animal and is often used as an insult  I think it fits him perfectly
Looking forward to Asmongold reacting to his colab with you
Ta Ta Ta Today junior. LFMAO...... DEATH.
You butchered most of the italian words. But very nicely done video!
Wtf, people truly never learn. At this point fuck it, you dumb enough to not properly put safety regulations in place and don't think about the titanic as a cautionary tale... sayonara jackie boy.
The halo 3 soundtrack was a quite a touch
Bruh imagine being the helmsman
Best ads in the biz.
*YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO MAKE A FILM MOVIE*
It's super besides the point, but Dominica Cemortan is *really* hot. How the hell did some gnarly old Italian dude win HER over?
I can already see myself in 8 years enjoying the tale of how the lads brought down Melvin Capital
Im just glad this didn't turn into another Estonia.
Let's get a video on the GME and the build-up of Wallstreet bets!
Another video - has it been that long already...
I love the long videos though
It must be a thing for women to become political activists, that you must first get a big stupid hat.
Man, I was in a dark place before I say this video. Some would say I was on a path of sorrow and emptiness. The pure joy I've received from the whole length of 46 minutes and 48 seconds of pure masterpiece may just save a kid's life. Dear Internet Historian, YOU'VE JUST SAVED A KID'S LIFE!!! And if you cancel long videos altogether I swear I'll stomp that little bugger's face. Don't be a Schettino, provide the content-ino!
I would just stay on the ship, obviously it's not deep enough to sink. And there's plenty of food, drinks and other nice stuff left around
Holy shit good for Jacobs tbh
I haven't seen any other videos on this disaster, but I'm sure this is the best one.
The LTT Intro. I laughed sooo hard. My stomache hurts.
This is so fucking good, oh my god.
Worst snake captain to have ever existed - a fucking disgrace
The real question is who the hell put those rocks into the sea?!?
I really like the little explod-y animations. Very good editing and special effects!
To this day, De Falco has a special place in my heart.
@12:25 "Modern ships are built to withstand 2 compartment breaches..."  Um...wasn't the 100 year old Titanic built to withstand *_FOUR_* compartment breaches? How did modern ships somehow become less resilient?
Proprio quello che ci voleva, internet historian che parla della costa concordia.
As a joke channel, your technical understanding and reconstructions are surprisingly accurate, while never losing any entertainment value, reflecting on the core aspect of colossal fuckups caused by human stupidity. This is how good edutainment content should be, as long as human stupidity not preventing people from understanding it.
I love this somewhat new format
That halo music tho
im noticing an interest in the nautical from this and the pirate video
The roasted alphabet frustratingly call because dollar spectroscopically travel since a brawny burma. comfortable, silent swallow
The roasted alphabet frustratingly call because dollar spectroscopically travel since a brawny burma. comfortable, silent swallow
I'm not superstitious but if a caption that crashed the same type of ship 2 times in the past, it's Friday the 13th, and rumors go that this specific ship has a bad omen. Yeaaaaa..... I think I might have delayed or rescheduled.
24:06 what about Estonia?
And why did this happen? because the Captain didnt pay enough money for a good crew and he wanted to flex
Who the fuck IS this guy? Every video is gold. I'll never understand.
abandoned ship reminds me of resident evil revelations
Is this Coronavirus Episode 3? Or has my favorite little bugger come and gone? 5:00 FEW things frustrate me MORE than "Language Barrier!" More seriously, between the lesson here, and some of the COVID talk on Twitter, there's a theme for today: "Downplaying is for IDIOTS!" Also exactly what I was looking forward to addressing: "This isn't the end. This is the halfway point." Really, that kind of huge episode, the ship had sunk...and that's just HALF? The answer: "Bonus Round."
This is legitimately the most Italian story I have ever heard, holy sht.
When did Ciro Ambrosio (second in command) leave the ship?
I love the long videos but it makes sense to make more and shorter. Maybe a long video once every 2 years? <3
The clear pump postprandially consist because glove exceptionally consist against a pricey animal. hulking, clear jennifer
Now this is quality content! 🙌
Imagine letting simp drive a 0,5m $ ship and letting him do risky things to flex on a girl.
Best Seconds from Disaster episode hahahaga
"Who steals a big fuck off bell" 😂😂😂 that part killed me
Wow more to this story than I thought.  Well presented!
The judicious july substantively laugh because zoology compellingly accept than a spiky anger. stiff, fearful fearless router
MOREEEEEEE *ramming this video down my throat* MOREEEEEEEE
I fuckin love your videos
Hahaha,that event became a meme even outside of italy
You put out a disclaimer saying this is satire and yet put out AMAZING work. Thumbs up. And fuck that captain.
This is your best one so far.  Cheers 🍻
really dig the sims characters, ngl
Ngl I'm amazed at the technicians and all the people that actually knew what they were doing during an emergency as big as that.
LinusShipTips lmao
The nosy loss karyologically load because flood immediately fry for a necessary command. eminent, abashed family
some of these short skits are so creative I wonder how did someone think this up
Song at 40:28? Pretty please?
proud of you son
What is it with great commentary channels only posting 1 vid every 5 months/ a year
No matter how bad things get I still vibe to the music
every reference is so good. your references are off the hook.
When the captain is sus O.o
*Crying female in ad* *Internet Herstorian's tears of happiness as sponsor money flows in.*
Just imagine school could've been fun with educational videos like that 🥲
that add was pretty good tho
we need your take on the whole "game stop" situation
Linus Ship Tips!
look, at this point cruises are like nigerian prince scams, if you haven't realized they're cursed, you're on your own. there is so much evidence that they are a bad idea it's unreal. they should pay YOU for the experience!
I'm amazed someone actually thought it was okay to let a repeat offender man a 52 million dollar boat.
Titanic music, thats called foreshadowing.
Can't wait for 'The Stonkening' in 2022
I love how it was the deputy mayor of the city and he was with some random tobacco shop owner.
this is hilarious lmfao
This captain should be buried under the prison. I don’t hold too many old school, chivalry-type values except “down with the ship”. If you’re the captain, or indeed responsible for any large vehicle’s operation where people put their trust in you, you stay until they’re *all* safe...and if it looks like people are gonna die, so be it. That’s your penance, you stay. Your duty is to be the last living soul onboard, PERIOD. Having lives in your hands is a major responsibility and if you aren’t willing to meet that responsibility with your own life, choose another career. There are plenty of jobs out there that don’t require such commitment.
Cap'n: "Eh, I mean, I got no clue what I'm doin' and they gave me the job. The helmsman doesn't need to know either."
internet historian is just  chef's kiss
38:32 i fuckin died
One thing I love about these videos is that you always pay respect to those who suffered or died no matter how silly the situation gets. It's very often that when these things happen the internet (understandably) writes the whole thing off as a joke, but remembering that there were real consequences to people's incompetence is something everyone should keep in mind, no matter how comedic the situation or the coverage is.
That bell splashing in the water sound must have been hard to make, but maybe i'm wrong haha. Absolutely legendary piece of work here
Masterpiece.
this was the best sh*t i seen on youtube in a long while
Why the fuck do you keep reccomending coming me this internet man
watched the entire ad so mr historian can get my 2 cents.
Jesus Christ.. imagine I just found this channel<3, all that content waiting for me :)
thats some hefty bad luck 13:55 oh god that acronym was funny!
If only they had a quartermaster
Schettino: "You gonna die for some chicken?" De Falco: "Someone is."
Schettino sounds like russian word скотина which stands for an animal. An ugly animal to be more precise.
I like to imagine that when they had to fill the cabins with air again whoever was in charge showed up with bike tire pumps to prank the crews by telling them they had to pump it for the next 3 years.
TITANIC 2
Everyone: oh no she is in the control cabin not again! comments: Ce frumoasa esti si ce bine arati 😄😄😄😁😁😁😍😍😍
This is inspired work. Fantastic stuff! Subscribed!
Has an Indonesian Sims 4 character Doesn't have OnlyAbidoang as the voice actor. 8/10
Whenever the captain makes an order Narrator: "this turned out to be a mistake"
i appreciate the little notes like the one he's just making fun of the lawyers but they're actually good
jesus, this video is a masterpiece. i love the editing, its insane and awesome to watch
That's why they say never drive a ship at night and never hire a sims character to stear the ship (⌐■-■).        ಥ╭╮ಥ
The captain sounds like Zapp Brannigan from Futurama.
31:48 I think I woke my neighbors by lol
The LTT reference got me LMAO
XQCow watched your video
A podcast i like called Well There's Your Problem did an episode about this recently, you should watch it if you want to know more
Dude was for sure with the family, my god.
Looks like Modi.
19:17 excuse me... fucking hornet theme?
Another channel who exclusively covers maratime issues said that the captain could not have saved the ship as he arrived too late from the dining room. He still should have gone down with the ship.
Well, get this man a Pulitzer Prize
Actually did not know this; also funny as hell!
When stock imagery fails, it's time to break out the secret weapon. The Sims.
The sound effect of the bell hitting the water is really funny to me for some reason
the lack of leadership reminds me of the south korean shipping disaster
Internet Historian is the Michael Bay of Youtube.
I was hoping for linus appearance so bad!
Netflix need to give you a series mate
i watched it youtube, you happy?   anyways fantastic video as always
Moral of the story: Use NordVPN
Oh man I’ve been waiting for so long 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Damn Gabelstapler reference
A helmsman who didn't speak the language.. what could goes possibly wrong lmao
On behalf of the Italian people, we are sorry for giving birth to Schettino.
The internet Historian plays Gran Turismo confirmed
In the end I wanted to give you like for this masterpiece but it turned out that I already gave you one during vpn commercial 😂
Why every bartender look like Rob Schneider xD
The second officer is Geoffrey Landgraab??? Hahaha
Che (brutti) ricordi
fking up and being featured on this show would be my worst nightmare
This guy could make a video on LITERALLY ANYTHING and I'd still watch and enjoy it.
sadge moment
I fucking haye cruise ships
This Video was good, but when it used music from hollow knight it became great.
38:27 for Emo Schettino
My heart will go on
I have seen this story so many times but this is the best video by far
The damn nerve of Domnica Cemortan saying that someone couldn't film there. Absolute garbage can of a human being.
Damn who thought the replay ability of this video is through the roof 10th time watching this vid
like and comment
Beautiful movie!
holy shit dude your videos are epic you are epic please keep doing this forever this is amazing
you really snuck payday 2 music in here like we wouldn't notice
Random bit of info: the way Zsolt Horváth's name is pronounced is this.  The "zs" in Zsolt should be pronounced as the "g" in genre, the "á" in Horváth somewhat like the "a" in after (it's not as long and mouth shouldn't form a circle, more like the corners should come up like a smile? If that like makes sense.) The "th" isn't like the th in English, but just a simple t. In IPA it would be ʒolt horva:t. The stress always falls to the first part of the word, so it's Zs'olt H'orváth. Same goes for Ilona's name, it should be I'lona, not Ilo'na.
I'm sad you're cutting down video lengths, I get why but these long format videoes have been my preferred content by you for a while
Is that a Sim? Hahahahaha
I've been looking for a country to live in. Good to know Italy's government is fucked. That's what I learned.
Your videos have evolved into pure art!
This video has been showing up on my recommendations for so long that I have finally 'decided' to watch it!
"ad over"
Who know such a tragedy could be so hilarious? Amazing animation style I am loving this along with the dry wit and non stop funnies Tbh look like those cell phone games where you have to pick a choice and it’s always something weird or gross
200 iq captain ^^
..... the only ads i dont skip are from this genius.
i do love the genuine few trying to do what they can to help, like the airfield master and the head engineer, they did their all to prevent disaster
That woman is one attention-hungry human being. 😶
Hungary is such a shit country I know it cuz i live there
Historian boat foamer confirmed
excellent video edit.  may i ask which software did you use?
Only IH makes me want to watch his ads
The costa concordia, aka the only possible way the province of Grosseto could ever be mentioned on international news channels. Also the trials were held inside the Moderno theatre in Grosseto because the court building didn't have a room big enough apparently
Me at 25:11  screaming in terror .
WOW
This is golden, I love the editing and the overall direction, especially the 'Oh S***' from the idiot captain. Wait hold on, I just saw, you're gonna hoist the sails? I'm dead hahahahahaha
The ad was the best productive placement I have ever seen
can you imagine being compared to the Titanic?! That moron must live the rest of his life in shame....
25:12 did you really make a whole pot of delicious looking pasta just for that bit? xD
19:07 Let me get that Hollow Knight music. Hell yeah
love the use of halo music
From a maritime standpoint, it does make sense that the captain could have been in charge of security before becoming captain. Security management is the responsibility of the mates of a vessel.
31:45 😆 not again! Hahaha
All those poor sims.. but for real so many bad omens were ignored this makes me wonder what actually happened during the titanic
Mad respect to IH for using Kid Icarus: Uprising and Hollow Knight music
I'm sorry you had to go through drama alert videos to get those few words.
What an irrelevant thing to make a vid on lol
"you're not allowed to make film movie" "I'm allowed" Legend
schettino was fucking tokyo drifting throu the rocks there and the helmsman just fucked it up smh
The only channel where i would happily or nah, A MUST to watch it's ads for the sponsor.
why cant the captain just drive the ship himself?
28:11 She's not the best person but it's very typical for the media to blame a woman for a man's negligence 🤦‍♀️
32:32 My name Is Giovanni Giorgio...
Hallow Knight Music Nice
It feels like the crew of this ship passed charisma checks.  "They asked me if I had a degree in theoretical physics, I said I had a theoretical degree in physics, they said I was hired." - 'Fantastic' from Fallout New Vegas
This is masterpiece.
lmao I listen to Hollow Knight too much I immediately got that he used one of the songs when it popped up
Come on, do cyberpunk 2077
Jacob Rusli Bin Helsman. I am from Indonesia and my guest his real name is Rusli Bin Herman. Jacob is just extra name so he sounded have experience about traveling the world with cruise.   Rusli Bin Helsman is really weird name for Indonesian. But, Rusli Bin Herman is very common name here.
24:26 I'm getting some serious Portal 2 vibes
Why are his ads better than 99% of everything else on this website?
Maybe that was just a shitty year cuz the day before I’m was hit by a car at 55mph
Everybody is talking here about how great this video is. Meanwhile I'm so happy that someone finally told me how that magic sawing trick works :D   Great video btw!
This is brilliant, well done :)
10:15 Best part.
Capitalism ⬆️
30:21 you have actually delved into sentence splicing. Next thing we'll see is a full blown YTP
Internet Historian: the only youtubers who can make an ad as entertaining as the actual video
28:08 favorite part
Bonus lesson: Never hire a random Indonesian that can't even speak English to steer a ship
you put so much effort into these i love it
His Nord VPN ads are the only ads I never skip, they better pay you good money
this isnt history...
nnneeeeaaaaarrrrrrrrr! ffffffaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrr! where'd I park my car?!
Thank god for video essays
Man I remember reading about this disaster every day on Digg. it went on for days, then weeks, then months, then yeeeeee
I AM SO HAPPY TO SEE YOUR VIDEO AGAIN🤗🤩😎😂🤣
Why was the helmsman supposed to serve jail time? He was being yelled 50 orders at once and was trying his best to follow them. Yeah he made a mistake but there was no malicious intent he was doing his best. Although he shouldn't have fled lol
its honestly such a sad story but an intense lesson in hubris: dont, fucking do some dumb shit to look cool especially when ur not even that good at what ur doing
Big Michael Scott Vibes
41:00 "Le verità sommerse" means "The sunken(hidden in water) truths"
These videos are more well-researched than a typical grad student's master's thesis.
Gd shit, as a maritime business student this is so gd to watch
Fantastic
Those pictures of the waterdamaged ship feel like a fuckin Bioshock 1 dlc
This is hands down the best channel on YouTube.
That Captain was so cahrming that the entire ship fell for him!
That sims male tho
bRuH
"From this point on we only have mainstream news reports, so it's not super accurate." Based.
Damn this was the best thing to watch awhile drinking my favourite coffee.
The Linus Ship Tips part sent me *overboard*
They were accidentally playing "My Heart will Go On." while the ship was taking on water. COSMIC IRONY.
you know its a good channel when i even watch the ad segment.
Internet Historian: The better Behind the Meme
"La Verità Sommerse" translates as "The Sunken Truth". You can thank me later.
2:25 Martin the Magician did one last trick: disappearing while no one was looking. What a legend. Tried to entertain the people during the panic.
How about the next video would be the internet historian telling the history of the internet historian?
Digging through an entire bowl of spaget just for a gag. You absolute madlad.
So much detail I keep pausing to catch it all, and see every little bit of care put into these slides and clips! And HORNET!!!
The captain reminds me of Michael Scott
That’s only 300,000 per cabin. That’s cheaper than oz real estate
Hahahah this was hilarious!! 😂😂😂😂😂
Holy shit this is so fucking well made
31:50 "lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità" 😂 made me lol
The closest we get to Sam O’Nella about now
I’d really like an edit of the Costa Concordia running into various things and exploding. Fun meme.
Oh boy. It's the Willie D. Porter of the current century.
Waiting for the misfired launch of cyberpunk 2077
Really love your videos!
When you hit something stationary, it's an allision.
I just have one question.  Why do you always sound like you're within one breath from cracking up at your own memes? I'm not complaining, it just feels like you spend every single video sitting on a massive laughing fit. :D
I love your videos. 🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸
I punched the coordinates at 5:36 into Google and it came up with the island of Little Saint James in the British Virgin Islands. Strange.
The internet historian modus operandi: turn tragedy into cringe.
Please do a video on the Sai Go Fund Me kidnapping of February 2021
The fact internet historian is an accepted source is epic
Wait so Jacob fleed Italy to Indonesia well of course this man would stand out hell it would have been better if he fleed to somewhere that italy controlled back then that would make more sense
I was there when I was a kid and they had some mad pizza
best plug for Nord VPN I've ever seen
Are you Jemaine Clement?
You're an amazing youtuber. This documentary is funny, silly, educational, and just filled to the brim with personality. Thank you for all the work you put into what you do. That is all, have a lovely day.
Just Beautiful
Talk about a BOATLOAD of trouble
the Halo: Reach music was fitting
But that shit, aye she was cursed  *oh mah gawd*
"Linus ShipTips"   I cant even.
make a video about the meme desktop22 and how he got doge doge
You did all out on this one I mean I was jumping in my seat like I was 12 good stuff by far best video
This is infuriating to listen to.
"Who steals a big fuck-off bell" got me
where does this dood even get the clips from for his memes?  The sheer amount of media he has to consume is insane.
A story as old as human's have been seafaring. A massive failure derived from cowardly and incompetent leadership. All spiced by the modern twist of technology giving instantaneous wide spread information. They couldn't keep a secret.  "Passenger you no allow to film" "You're not allowed to crash a 500 million dollar boat either, but here we are."
Did you actually get your version of "My Heart Will Go On" past copyright? I think this is a question on many people's minds!
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
Wow, IH suddenly upping the animation game. Watch out Disney, there’s a new kid on the block!
Dude that "oh mah gawd" 😂😂😂😂
im sad to see the documentary length videos go but i am excited to get more regular content here as well
Was it 16 years consecutive, or concurrent? I hope it is consecutive.
the captain: Yes, pasta fazool i am fool.
The perfect meeting of concept and storyteller, you've outdone yourself this time
1:40 Minor correction, the Titanic was designed to stay afloat with 4 compartments breached, not 2  I should also say that (despite embellishments in film) the actions of Captain Smith and the Titanic's crew were infinitely more courageous, efficient and organised than Schettino and his jelly-headed charade  The engineers on the bottom decks who stayed below to slow the flooding and keep the power going, the band who continued playing music to calm the crowd, Captain Smith who until the last second was still giving out orders, Father Thomas Byles who stayed onboard to give last rites and take confessions, have all gone down in history as emblems of bravery and sacrifice  Whereas the CC is a sluggish and infuriating metaphor for wealth snobbery and a reminder that even though plentiful laws and tech are in place, they can only extend as far as the attitudes and experience of the captains and companies that are supposed to obey them
I love your content. It's basically documentaries for millenials XD
This video is a masterpiece
when he said ed tim a youtube ad started, perfect timing from youtube
Gawt dang, I'm getting stressed just LISTENING to trying to steer past these rocks.
Any ideas what the "secret channels" are?
The captain looks like one of those typical shady middle eastern dudes you see try to sell you pirate dvds
This is just so well made
per me la vergogna più stratosferica degli ultimi tempi è stato il ponte Morandi... chissà in quanti sapevano che sarebbe crollato, poi non lo dovevano nemmeno pensare con gli stralli in cemento armato, ma che gli passava per la testa?? e tutti a ripetere "manutenzione!! manutenzione!!" quando c'era un intero ponte della vergogna che non doveva essere fatto così, non lo dovevano approvare, non lo dovevano aprire al traffico, non dovevano tenerlo così a lungo, non dovevano perdere tempo a rattopparlo... e sapevano che in altri posti fuori dell'italia la stessa struttura era stata chiusa al traffico... DEMENZIALE!!!
The editing. Perfection. Thrilled. I’m so informed.
Amazingly well done! Great job Internet Historian!
This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen, and the best thing about being late to the party is that I get to play catch-up
Do not operate heavy machinery for an indefinite time after taking stupidity.
bro you need to do more videos dudeo
I love the guy who put the ship on ebay with 'buyer to collect'. Fucking gold....
And in the court the captain claimed 'someone' pushed him into a life raft and refused to let him escape. Go find the transcript of the military pilot screaming at the captain. Fuck him as well as he was going to kill him himself if he was alive on shore and members of his crew or passengers were dead.
Now this is quality content
oh the shirts with "vada a bordo cazzo", i still have mine somewhere xD
Why do you pretend you're not Alt Shift X?
de Falco is the only real winner here.
Did they really take that long to get to "hard to starboard"? To me that's the first order that should be given when there's an IMMINENT danger of collision. Also, reduce speed for fucks sake.
Think I didn’t notice that halo background music!
Man the titanic sequel fuckin sucks
dude i actually felt the thrill mmagah
"You are not allowed to make a film movie". Yeah that would have garnered a heavy "FUCK YOU LADY" from me.
I replayed Dead Island a couple weeks back and when the music came on I was so surprised xD
This was a superb documentary
Out of all songs my heart will go on
Really missed a chance to do the taco bell bong when you dropped the Concordia bell
What happened to the magician's assistant in the box?
Other than Schettino that stupid helmsman is annoying me the most. That imbecile had the balls to take a job where he didn’t know either of the two languages that were being spoke there where he could easily put thousands of lives in danger. Then he has even more balls to flee from justice. He’s literally the main reason why that all failed the things that Schettino did were after the incident and that incident wouldn’t of happened if the helmsman would’ve at least attempted to learn one of the languages or just not accept the job if he wasn’t willing to. Actually scratch that first part, at this point the helmsman is the worst in my eyes.
There's not many 45 minute YouTube videos that I would willingly rewatch multiple times
Do the one that ran aground at Mt Maunganui bro
Never have I seen such a tale of arrogance, incompetence, lies, cowardice and terror presented so entertainingly. Bravo.
"Shut the fvck up."
The Gentleman Pirate: New Chronicles
Yeah the captian is a dumbass for winging it and probably shouldn't have been a captain, but all the attention on him seems like it's just covering up the fact that the company HIRED him and was like "you know how to read a compass?"  "eh-"  "you're hired". How many more of their ships have these captains on em? How long before one of em thinks they're good enough to just wing it again? None of that was answered.
Someone should do a fully animated series of this. It will educate younger generation.  The fact that you used Vice City theme for cocaine is well spot on.
For the love of God please continue making videos like this!! I've watched just about every documentary on the costa concordia and yours absolutely captivated me!! Wonderful! Awesome research and execution my friend! Keep! It! Up!!!!!
Love the halo music
"I slip and i fell into one of a lifeboat"...and make an escape from the cruise?? Masterpiece level shittin
Bro I thought this was a joke. Bruh...  I feel bad for laughing so hard!
The major going onboard and rescuing people is soooo badass
Imagine being such an idiot  you cause the most violent cruise crash since the titanic that was 100 years ago when radio and communication was much harder
22:15 "From here we only have mainstream news reports to rely on so it's not going to be super accurate." That pretty sums up the past few years.
I want more 45 minute videos.
I know you said no more long videos. But I gotta admit, I love them. I hope you still put them out, here and there. Your deep dives are great 👍🏾👌👏
I guess you could say that the costa concordia "costa' a lot!
The Nord Vpn ad was peak IH material.
I need a full video of schettino going down with the ship, but then it terns out to be a dream and he's in jail.
The song many of you are looking for @ 20:06 is called  Savana - Vendredi
Damn the effort put into this tho 👏
Was about to head to sleep at 4am, having school in 4 hours and have not slept in 40 hours, but I couldn’t miss this, health aside.
Great video. Great story telling. Love your channel! Pleaseee make more.
I love how you hype it up to be some unlucky accident but its actually just a dumb captain being dumb
Asmongold taking his time to react to this one.
Why is there Olive oil in the Bridge?
I don't say this lightly, but this might be the best video you've ever made.
How have you become so fucking good at these?
Okay, please don't come to Hungary to commit insurance fraud, the supposedly non-existent law will provide 2 to 8 years of completely free lodgings, with three meals a day. If you partake in some light labour (mostly gluing facemasks, nowadays), you can even get some pocket money.  Seriously, I don't even want to think where the lawyer or the newspaper got this idea. It's complete nonsense. Insurance existed in communist times, so did insurance fraud, and its dedicated chapter in the law books. I couldn't find the original article, so I'm giving Ronai the benefit of the doubt. Also, Hungary is part of the EU, and there's a thing called harmonization of law.  The story is strangely unknown in Hungarian media, they mostly refer to the Daily Mail article (which is weird, they have their own local sources). I don't think any arrests were made, it could be that the police took them in for questioning and subsequently let them go.  The Foreign Ministry did issue a statement regarding a woman who contacted them pretended to be the mother of one of the victims, but she did not respond to follow-up inquiries and they were able to determine that the missing person's mother actually died three years prior. They also said that they would bring charges "if justified". Since I didn't find any follow-up articles, I don't think that went anywhere, but it was only charges for abuse of personal data (?not sure what it's called in english), which only has a fine, so don't expect headlines in the national media.
Isn't it the cruise lines mistake for letting someone with this much of a language barrier (he cant even do numbers) be a helmsman on board?
46:27  Someone spoon feed me pweez
Horvath Zsolt is a pretty baller name though
Anyone know what the music is that starts around 39:40? This has been driving me crazy for three days now because I recognize it but I just can't remember where it's from.
Yo, has Shroud watched this yet?
A captain that abandoned the ship before all the passangers left. Fucking disgusting.
38:46 idk if this was an intentional joke or not, but this ringtone is By The Seaside.
Where do i find these secret channels!?
Comment for algoritm, also like the vid
God damn this video is amazing.
This is easily one of Internet Historian's best videos, so much effort
Lol the pasta, and cafe flying around hahaha.
20:05 Imagine that the deputy mayor of some town that saw what was happening drove down, went back to the ship, and actually took control over the situation more than the Captain of a half-billion dollar cruise liner. This is only below a, I dunno, dog catcher running into a nuclear power plant and stopping a melt down.
This is the only channel I watch on normal 1x speed, content is too epic, should I slow it down?
8:50 One thing I still don't understand - why was Karl Marx working in the engine room?
"Mum, can we have Titanic?" "We have Titanic at home" Titanic at home:     (Scratch that this is better than Titanic)
A masterpiece of satire.
How did the looters steal the PAPER money UNDERWATER?!
Lol at that lawyer Ronai chasing an ambulance all the way to Budapest before realizing he'd found a bigger scammer than himself.
Excuse me Internet Historian, but you are wrong. At 24:06 you say that "Costa Concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic", but that is simply not true. Just scratching my memory a bit and I can remember the sinking of MS Estonia in 1994 that claimed more than 800 lives.
Such a good vid!
I cant wait for the gamestop video
Whta game at 26:28? the divers
This is the only channel I enjoy watching the eds for.
1:19 This is so ingrained in sailors that when new ships are due to be christened, they often use wine bottles with extremely thin glass to ensure that this right here doesn't happen.
As soon as DE FALCO makes his appearance you know it gets REAL!!!
Anybody else literally revisiting this one for the Film Noir Advertisement? “I took the brakes off my car; man like me....never really learned how to STOP.”
Skipping past the part about Cemortan cause I don't care.
I only travel on boats and fly in planes with Anglo captains.
Oh my god this is by far your best work
Internet Historian: "And we're only halfway through the story." Me: *Checks the current runtime: 25 minutes in*  YOU WHAT?!
Amazed at the research, disgusted at the captain's actions.
I'd never imagined to see a Costa Concordia content or hear the name of Schettino in 2021
huh. i remember seeing this happen on tv. or at least the aftermath.
Came for the drama, stayed for the memes
I really appreciate the list of songs used. I was pretty sure I was hearing some Halo 2 and I was.
wow that was really well made
The captain’s mistress’s testimony was Joe Biden tier.
Helmsman’s fault. Just sayin’.
30:21 I am sorry that you had to watch so many Keemstar videos just for a meme.
The poster that says "Lie to prevent panic" also says "Interfere with rescue," "Vindicate self," and "Evacuate first." Amazing
Do a thing on that crazy fanfic that a Christian woman did on Harry Potter. Plz
Today I learned being a ships captain is like baseball. You get to crash twice, but not a third time.
Waiting for you to cover the last of us 2 🥺
Interesting story for the ship-history-inclined: the near-catastrophe of the RMS Queen Mary during World War II. She was carrying over 16000 Americans soldiers when she was hit by a rogue wave that nearly capsized the ship. And when I say "nearly", I MEAN nearly - the ship tilted 52 degrees (!) before righting itself, and it's estimated that just THREE more degrees of list would have turned her over and almost certainly resulted in the deaths of nearly everyone aboard.  Three degrees away from making Costa Concordia, MS Estonia, and Titanic disasters (combined!) look like a fender-bender in comparison. Boggles the mind.
I wish I could Like this twice
2k downvotes.. whats up with some people..  Great Video as always
laughing my ass off at 40:16
s/o using the skullgirls soundtrack. 10/10 video
👉🤌 killed me
Racism is hilarious!
The ship be lookin like Bioshock 2
man dipped from a witness testimony ... twice. Illusive 100
This should have cost me something ngl
The guys that ran Chernobyl would have been proud
What I’ve learned from watching a lot of disaster documentaries is that 99% of them could’ve been avoided if people just followed fucking protocol and didn’t get hired because of nepotism
his actions killed 32 people and he got less than that number in jail time. probably should have served 5 years for each death. that would land him in jail for a long time.
Bruh I imagine doing an urbex at in that huge ship
Pls someone tell me the secret channels
I wanna have a beer with the guy who stole that bell
Oh mio dio ma parla di noi
Please start a university
It's not much of a history documentation if it's condensed to 15 minutes.
For the qna I wanna ask about the spaghetti.  Why? How much spaghetti was left on your fingers?
Love all the Halo music😍 22:48 24:10
All they had to do was go faster directly at the island and they'll bounce off. Worked in Star Trek.
internet historian is just the right mix of professional and shitpost. reminds me of high quality ytp
Internet Historian has the Costa Concordia Bell. Still.
Domenica Cemortan has some nerve referring to someone as “passenger” and telling them they can’t film, as if she is above them in stature or is of any real importance. I guess she thinks boinking Captain Cowardly makes her something special.
Great documentary about this preventable tragedy. That spaghetti definitely looked delicious! Did not expect you do scoop it out with your hands to unveil the “deets” lol. Bravo....🙌🏼🙅‍♂️💯😂😂
I loved this!!
Top 5 videos of 2021
this might just be one of the best things to ever come out of this cursed website
Can someone explain to me what the fuck this even is?
Spicy
YyyEEEAAAA
The alcoholic oatmeal phytochemically march because step-brother commonly plug aboard a strong harmonica.  flagrant, jagged rotate
So that's how they do the sawing in half magic trick...
Bloody hell, there is days if not WEEKS of editing work in this video, and it shows.  Every one of those so far 4.2 million views is well earned.
The MGS2 Tanker Incident music was just the perfect touch to this video.
LOL, I put off ever taking a f'ing cruise long ago.
Somebody needs to get Craig Mazin (creator of HBO’s Chernobyl) to make a mini series out of this. I want it very much in the same format as Chernobyl was.
4 million views in 5 days, wow congratulations dude
so basically its the helmsman fault but at the same time it's the company's fault for hiring an inexperienced person
Nice bell end.
"OH SHEET!"  .....which I'm told is Italian for "Goodness, we're in dire straits!"
41:10 killed me lmaooo
LMAO!  Dude... using the same pic for the Mom and daughter, only shorter.  Fucking hilarious.  So many details that come so fast. 35:27
It’s kind of annoying that that girl got hella attention, like she had nothing to do with the captain’s incompletence
god what a clusterfuck
you make me like history
Someone finally remembered their password.
Holy shit the halo sound track usage was amazing
I think I think I'm in love
Theory: the company deliberately hired someone incompetent who had a history of crashing knowing he would crash and they could collect a big insurance payout. However, they incorrectly assumed it would be a relatively small scrape like his previous crashes, and didn't predict him trashing the whole fucking ship.
Pls do a documentary about the whole Reddit and stock market fiasco
The ending was amazing 🤣😂
If you look up "absolute utter incompetence" in the dictionary you'll just find a 7 ft centerfold of Schettino's stupid baby face.
Domnica is one helluva butterface.  Yeesh.  Like a potato.
That was the greatest ad I've ever seen
Talk about... SHOW BOATING GONE WRONG, HUH????
The best part is, had Schettino shown any common sense after the crash and called for evacuation sooner, maybe nobody would have died and he would probably have stayed out of prison.
So, did the magician's assistant drown in the box?  (I forgot, I watched this 5 days ago)
Man those two Koreans must have been sleeping off a massive drunk at 23:33.
It's just a typical Italian story . Charming wrongdoing gigolo tries to lie his way out and the good doing ones are punished, everything is corrupt, law hides the wealthy. If the captain was better connected , he would have escaped all punishment.
This was randomly recommended to me im so confused y'all 😭
This is good content
we really not going to investigate this whole drug trafficking thing? the dude steering the ship who no one knew or could talk to. idk about all this? anytime a dude who looks like that gets chicks like those...its drugs
I was very calmed until 21:32 I don't have words what a b****
As a professional sea of theives player I dont understand why they disnt just board up the holes and bale with their bucket.
This is honestly a work of art... Careful it may end up as a Sundance reject where some Swedes are trying to steal it
So...what happened to the woman in the box? Did she die because no one let her out?
Internet Historian is slowly becoming a genuine legit respectable filmmaker.
I hope I live long enough to see internet historian cover the poor leadership of youtube.
imagine living through this and then being recommended this masterpiece of a YouTube content
The guy's name is literally Schettino like how much more comical of a fuck up can a guy be
This is next level school education😂😂
This was everywhere in Italy when it happened, but I didn't know how much international coverage it got. The consequences lasted for quite sometime, between Schettino getting ridiculed and the ecologic catastrophy of removing the Costa Concordia. It hits close to home especially when you used to go on vacation in those places like Island of Giglio, it really makes you afraid to go on a ship again.
24:05 what about the Estonia in '94? Over 800 dead
god. internet historian is able to turn something that seems two dimensional and straightforward into a giant web of intersecting stories and events. and i love it.
This is groundbreaking
There has to be better ways to transport alcoholics around than by ship. Perhaps one beautiful day cruise lines will be a thing of the past and posh intercontinental rail travel will come back into fashion.
The captain is a prime example of someone failing upwards
if you're still interested in the disaster of the Concordia, Bright Sun Films did a fantastic expose on the subject. it was interesting to learn that (arguably) the true heroes of the disaster were, of all people, the entertainment crew edit: i'm probably misremembering it and thinking of the Oceanos now that i think of it
Why does the image for third officer look so familiar??
My grandpa was a captain for commercial fishing vessels. No matter what, the captain is always the last to leave ship. Always. It doesn’t matter. When you’re a captain you take responsibility of your vessel and crew. You don’t set foot off that vessel until all survivors are safe.
Do 9/11 next.
As someone who worked in these types of ships(mainly serving F&B), I can concur there hiring practices are scary. Incompetent ppl all around, that are there just cause the polished enough asses with there kisses. Toxic to say the least, glad I ain't part of it...It was for a different company, but trust me they are all the same.
The Dark Souls and Hollow Knight references testify what a man of taste Historian is.
Not once did I ever think that I would hear the hornet boss theme over a catastrophe
Excellent quality as ever, even the ad thyme is a work of art
thats more like the old videos, like it! Way better then the trash dialoges with your mate.  edit: sick video, exactly like the old ones. i missed them so much please more in this style. so muck work in this video.thank you very much.
Song at 40:24?
Internet historian is the best editor and script writer I’ve ever seen I don’t care how long it takes for him to put out a video he is just fucking incredible at what he does
22:05 And then there's the real hero, Coast Guard captain De Falco: "SCHETTINO, GET THE FUCK BACK ON BOARD!"
Hollow Knight music c:
at first i thought the captain seemed KINDA competent with how he almost prevented the ship from hitting the rock, but once he started lying to FUCKING EVERYONE from the crew to the coast guard to the passengers to the crisis team.
Came for The Deets™ and wasn't disappointed.
pog
°The bottle didn't break °Friday the 13th °100th anniversary of the Titanic °Bad security °the captain already crashed twice AND NO ONE SAW IT COMING??? COME OOON
theres literally more emotions you feel watching these videos then you get from watching million dollar movies. my heart was fucking thumping through all this.
I feel like it wouldn't have been nearly as bad of an outcome if he didn't lie. You'd be surprised but ship accidents happen more frequently, granted this one was beyond standard but still... if Schettino didn't lie things would've been over much sooner but also far less drama would've happened.
Honestly this is so trippy as someone who remembers this as it was happening
fuck i never laughed so hard when i heard the music and saw linus ship tips
no one, absolutely no one commented about linus modified opening, it saw awesome XD
You're a legit documentary producer now
Ok wait a minute so they just made this bullshit crew and set sail. This captain was an incompetent stooge and the helmsman couldn't speak ittalian or English I mean wtf
bro the real footage integrated into the video was genuinely stressing me out so hard
INTERNET HISTORIAN: LIVE IS ONE OF THEM
Very technical, well presendted. I DID notice however that you didn't tell everyone the AMAZINGLY GREAT thing Scetino also did. He did one HUGE thing, that saved the ship (such as it is) AND probably saved hundreds from dying instead of 35 or whatever... fo ahead, tell them!
Wait what happened to the assistant lady in the magician’s box Please don’t tell me she stayed stuck in that box the whole time
6:21 LMAOOO!
I’m Italian and I approve this video.  Best moment ahahahaha 8:35, the olive oil and pasta flighting around was a great touch.
"oooohhh shhhhiiittt" made me lol
The.linus tech tips thing caught me off guard
Linus Boat Tips
23:00 mad respect for that SICK Halo track
Third time watching this now.
I will say that although the Titanic and the Concordia are considered to be the worst maritime disasters, one of the deadliest maritime events was the Lusitania (though I don't think it's considered due to the fact it wasn't a disaster, but rather one of the many tragedies of WW1.)
i love the way you used sim faces for this! keep up the amazing work
This video is a better action movie than Speed 2
Why did Youtube recommend this video to me?? I'm very confused by what I'm watching, but it is pretty funny.🤨😥😂
As an Italian.... The video Is really great but this fucking tragedy.... A captain always goes out of the ship last... As we say in Italy.... UN CODARDO
Captain Schettino was just accidentally falling right into the life boat. He did nothing wrong!
Two minutes... All it took for me to know boarding that ship was a bad idea. :D If not for the "supersticious" stuff then just because of the captain and his record.  EDIT: After hearing about the helmsman... Let me just jump the ship at the sail by salute. Pretty please. At that distance I can swim to the island.  Aaand second EDIT: I seriously couldnt stop laughing about the whole thing with that woman. They found her clothes and make up in captains cabin -> "we are just friends". Yeah right. And then the photo of her in cockpit of an airplane... :D I guess I will be afraid to fly after this.
The enormous pansy radiologically wrestle because field kelly chase times a eager silica. wakeful, flat pressure
35:00  Started  playing skullgirls last week. this took me by surprise
dont blaspheme
When you try to correct a corner and hit the guardrail
this whole story is incredibly sad
oh the sims music !!!
Captain should have been flogged
IH stole the 🔔.....
Love the use of sims, makes it more hilarious
this was an epic tale.
is that true with the bottle wich didnt smash?
"WHY. WHY ON ANYYY CRUISE DO YOU HAVE ANYYYY TRACK FROM THE TITANIC. PLAYING. WHYY."
What could go wrong with a guy who went a from head of security to captain in a few years and a helmens who had no experience and also has a language Barrier
The shiptips part killed me
Did I get this right, the company got of for free by pushing the blame on the crew? They should have been sued out of existence!
20:30 death is temporary, drip is forever
28:14 which scene is it from? 😂😭
Condition: Used.
Hey I have a really cool idea for your channel: make some videos on the history of the internet.
Fun
I guess Schettino had an even worse blackout than his ship.
Oh my go he's alive
I love the way of presenting people by the sims avatars. This form is the best to portray any story worth telling
May the 36 souls taken rest forever in the Lord's grace
Linus Ship Tips made me spit out my tea.
46:47
do one of these on 9/11
I love how he pronounces Hungarian names.
I like the longer videos, you can have them on incognito mode
You know what you are doing when you put that Beyblade meme in there you dirty bastard.
Ok this is legitimately one of my favorite youtubes ever.  Excellent work.
This is one of the best documentaries I’ve seen in a while. The only thing it lacks is original first party interviews.... and that’s mostly optional considering that they’re almost universally useless in doing anything but helping the guilty cover up after themselves.
This is the funniest shit i've ever seen, you literally made night shift bearable!
This ship is the best example of why you don't let just anyone captain or helm ships like this. Even airlines have at least a standard language.
38:45 dammit I use the same ringtone.
"B-but... is there a lot of water???" ROFLmaoooooooooo
I appreciate Hollow Knight soundtrack in the video. Awesome!
I appreciate the fact that, between all the mgs sountrack, you chose the one about a sinking
“it even has a watermark” SIR I AM - 😩😭💀
Amazing.......
I wonder... Internet Historian x Lemmino collab? 🤔
this is how every documentary on tv will be in 10 years
25:14  You hurt an italian
25:30 pubgmobile 😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wait so did you remember your password?
Wow
Me on a rowboat looks safer than these guys lol
Hollow Knight music is on point
The left thunderstorm contextually stamp because hour simulteneously warn opposite a clear pump. nonstop, quarrelsome rat
Offering reduced sentances for a witness is not a good way to get the truth. They will say whatever as long as it gets them off. Happens all the time. He is deffinatly guilty but it seems like that guy that doesnt speak the same language is the one who crashed the ship.
Damn, Lauren Bacall was a nice touch.
you used to be able to literally see the costa concordia shipwreck on google maps which is pretty astonishing
The halo OST was a nice touch
Probably should have talked about the 32 people who died in the disaster.
Woo!
Didn't this same problem sink the Mary Rose?
Communism is good and will win
20:08 made me mildly and unnecessarily irritated because the Ferrari F12 Berlinetta's doors do not open like that.  Great video as usual though.
nooooooo I want my 45 min video !!
Lol this is mad
bruh u know as soon as she starts listing im looting all the shit i can find like its a fallout game
Just as a general rule,don't go on cruises.
😯The “Law & Order” doink-doink is featured!...
Will you make someday a documentary about "RICH" drummers?
great video but the halo music choice will forever confuse me
Loved the MGS2 Tanker music, nice touch
Plot twist: Jacob was a actually a professional 300+iq assasin, who poisoned some his contracts, before crushing ship to hide an evidence. At the end he perfectly escaped, *absolute unit*
Why the fk would you spend $570 million on making a boat then skimp on personnel costs? That's like buying a Lamborghini out of pocket and then letting your 3 year old son take it for a spin. Capitalism will never cease to amaze me.
Am i the only one,who noticed,that the captain's ship tragedy's coming up every 2 year's? :D AND IT WAS TIME! :D  2008,2010,2012 :D
Can someone tell me the song at 24:10 ?
24:00  Oof, you had to bring out Marty o'donnell didn't you?  Literal chills, every time
Masterpiece.
Great song choices for this video
On one hand im happy that i can relax and watch a funny video than watching a boring tv spot which tell me the story what happened in detail.. on the other its sad that not even this boring spot was ever made
Nooooo more longer content plzzz
its port wing.
that random Linus Ship Tips got me lol
I swear to fucking god this is one if not the best channel on YouTube. I so appreciate all the effort and research put into these videos. You’re doing the lords work my man.
An incompetent captain who obviously got his job through connections to upper management. A helmsman who doesn’t understand the crew’s language. The captain’s girlfriend on the bridge.  How the fuck could this be allowed to happen on a flag ship cruise liner?
Tremendous video. Interesting story well told. Love it x
Chad Pilon
Meaningwave Exists!
Actually, de Falco's conduct was rather unprofessional and machoistic, so degrading him instead of pretending that becoming personal during a catastrophe is a good thing. The guy looked pretty testosteronish.
Yooo i didn't expect that Linus outro there 43:59
the *crash* animation was nice **
This is good.
Why did i whach this? 🤣🤣
this is truly the best content on the platform. Even the ad placement is more entertaining than half the shit that gets put up here.
Great video... 25:00 oh shit it's not over yet?
While it seems silly, the reason the bell was looted from the ship is because that signifies the greatest plunder from a sunken ship. Every ship has one, so when people find the bell of a sunken ship it signifies that they have concurred the wreck
Love these videos
I love your stuff mannnn! Love it!
Really good video, I appreciate that you put quality over quantity
Do a video on cyberpunk 2077 - that dumpster fire of a game
I'll be honest. I have no idea who you are or what this channel is. I just clicked because I had to know - I *_HAD TO KNOW_* - what the fuck with the thumbnail.
Incroyable.
love the payday 2 music!
This is fing awesome
The aesthetic of the sunken cruise ship is really cool.  It'd make a great setting for a horror movie/game in my opinion.
All that pasta flying through the air
31:44 this was one of the funniest things I've seen in days lmao
I like these longer run time videos. Sad to see em go.
24:10 the song is actually Halo 3’s “Luck”
He likes his drinks on the rocks...
This video is awesome
imagine finding out the dude who is in charge of steering the ship doesn’t understand the instructions he’s receiving because he doesn’t speak the language they’re in
To this day I can't understand why passenger ships do not have clear procedures and checklists to follow in case of emergency, and their crew regularly trained to handle such situations.  When a passenger plane experiences any sort of problem, the crew reacts in _seconds_ and starts _immediately_ following the proper checklists and emergency procedures. If the problem seems even remotely like it may require an emergency landing, they will call ground control as soon as possible (immediately after the most important procedures from the proper checklist have been done). The pilots know exactly what to do because they have been trained to do so. Likewise they will inform the passengers accurately of what's happening as soon as it's possible and feasible. They don't hesitate, they don't sit around twiddling their thumbs wondering what to do. They don't start guessing about what to do. They most certainly don't start lying to ground control about what's happening. It's better to be overly cautious and be wrong, than to dismiss the danger and be likewise wrong.  Not so in passenger ships. There have been many accidents, costing thousands of lives, where the crew have been completely flabbergasted, flailing around like helpless children without knowing what to do, delaying calling for help and organizing the passengers for incredibly long periods of time even after it become clear that the ship is in serious trouble. There are no checklists, there's essentially no training, much of the crew, even on the helm, has never had any sort of training for cases of emergency.  Why?
31:48 I'm fucking dead
Why is this so funny to me? 😂😂😂😂😂
Ironically,  pronounciation of capitan surname Schettino sounds like Russian word "skotina", which means  "animal/asshole". For the first time I've found this funny, but with every minute of video I've started realise that Russian word is precisely right
"It even has a watermark." Now that is magnificent.
I have to admit I saw the hole adds in this channel
I'm Italian and ashamed
the little squeal when you toss the bell into the water almost made me choke, I got the reference and it was amazing, as always.
38:30 I laughed way harder than i should have xD
Wubby
Here is a list of things NOT to do as Captain in the form of a 40 minute video
For some reason, as an Italian, I couldn’t believe that all this was actually a Video on the Costa Concordia, let alone one that actually made me understand what in the heavens happened. (And with MGS an Hollow Knight epic music, nonetheless). Well played, well played indeed.
9:07 oh YES here we go.
Wow
Gotta love those documentaries. There's so much rewatchability. Good content.
I’ve watched this 5 times now
Wow is almost as if being untrained, unprepared and underqualified for a job that has a lot of risks involved is dangerous and potentially deadly...
Fattuale. It's better than Titanic.
i'm not even halfway through the video and i've already gotten chills well over 15 times. this guy's editting and narrating skills are top notch.
If only we could have learned something from this story, but of course, maybe I am being pretentious...
I’ve watched this three times now and I just can’t stop; this is the most beautifully documented trashfire I’ve ever seen
9:11 "playing Russian roulette... seems I... never win" *pulls up a shotgun
Hornet theme spotted.
I’m here for the halo music
That Captain is lucky that there wasn't a bloody mutiny. If any Captain deserved to be hit over the head and handcuffed by his staff, it's this man.
Hollow Knight music! Pog
LINUS SHIP TIPS THAT FUCKING GOT ME LOL
very nice video, I can see that you put a lot of effort into making this video.
.... the most absolutely worthless captain in existence. I wish ~I~ was captain of a ship. I love calling evacuations. I LOVE THE PANDEMONIUM, the CARNAGE, the loss of human life as you, the man solely responsible for the welfare and safety of the crew and staff, desperately try to keep the whole thing from going belly up.   The worthless captain of the Concordia should play Space Station 13. He'd be a great captain of that, refusing to evac.
Smart captain🤗
Dominica looks like Lisa from The Room.
This is the only channel who's adds I don't skip.
The woebegone bandana bailly sigh because red microcephaly pretend concerning a dysfunctional spruce. unruly, obedient bench
Can anyone Google Fu better than I can. Look for the full name of the helmsmen. The part that says Bin should have more to the name.  I.e Ali Muhammad bin Saladin.
the Watertight Doors always have a malfunction when you use 'em, I wonder why XD
Can the next video please be on the Extraordinary Handforth Parish Council Meeting?
Well... that was, unexpectedly, the funniest, serious documentary I have ever fucking seen. BRAVO. clap clap clap. Extraordinarily entertaining. Thanks.
Do not laugh about the Captain ; incompetent morons are everywhere and sh1t always hit the fan when competent people are not around .
Authority figures trying to, "stop a panic," and actually just killing the people they're supposed to be looking after, name a more iconic duo.
38:30 Best scene ever
So black boxes can just stop working yeah...
I wish for a moment that we we all pass an F in chat for those who unfortunately passed away while awaiting IH’s next upload...
23:52 Oh..
3.6 compartments flooded. Not great, not terrible.
I hope this is how documentaries are in the future. Informative but concise, to the point, and no pointless overdramatized reenactments. You honestly do a better job than most of what's on Netflix.
"We were the last to leave the ship"  Apart from the people who were left below deck with their lungs full of water until they could be recovered?
Are they fucking Sims characters?  Love it.
When the head engineer is talking to cap reminds me of old school metal gear solid idk why lol
As an Italian i can confirm all references in this video are accurate.
IH upload Instant click
good video will watch again
The Halo music fucking hit me with feels bro...
The storytelling abilities, the segments with the png images moving around, this channel resurrects all the mortal souls every time it uploads.
I’ve never laughed so hard at an ad
the return of the king
Linus Shiptips hahahahahaha
12:00 that must have a ferking horrible  experience
Random vietnamese guy piloting a cruise ship: "I have no idea of what these people are saying, but for some reason they keep promoting me"
Damn that captain is an idiot and a prick. Rest in peace to those 32 people and to Russel Rebello.
It's a testament to just how inherently exciting naval drama is - the navigation commands, communicating back and forth to the different sections of the ship, etc - that even when it's done in meme format it's still great.
EXCELLENT! FUCKING! EDITING!
The tranquil boot classically afford because root computationally stare without a feeble feigned berry. decisive, impolite business
43:52 Ok this caught me completely off guard xD
4:23  *PAYDAY 2* Original Soundtrack ♡♡♡
Wow the fact that Portugal isn't on the top20 of that "Do not trust in Government" list, speaks volumes to how stupid my people is.
It's funny cause captain's name literally means "a jerk" in my language
One of my favorite moments is definitely Internet Historian breaking character for just a few seconds during his ad.
31:51 guy in the comments wrote “lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità” which translates to “please give up cockpits for god’s sake”
I’d like him to narrate a vaatividya lore video
Nit Picker's Trivia 24:05 "...the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic."  FYI:  RMS Titanic was a passenger liner, not a cruise ship.  Cruise ships are big toys.  Passenger Liners were working vessels that carried people from one location to another like a 747 does today.  They also carried cargo and mail  (RMS = Royal Mail Ship)  And by "largest" I think IH means in financial costs or maybe ship size.  A GREAT MANY passenger liner/ferries & cruise ships had far more deaths
9 minutes into a 47 minute video, and the ship has already crashed. Oh boy.
CAMO SKIN! I'm dead xD
38:27 I can't stop laughing at this part
You've outdone yourself with this one. Feel like I just watched a cruiseship pull multi-track drifting.
wtf this unsubbed me
My god, they sank near the shore, they could've avoided all that if that damn captain said they had an emergency earlier!
4 Minutes in and i'm speechless... of the incompetence.... what a Clusterf***.. a Train Collision in Slow Motion... (Much Much later:) Watched it now in Full... Thank you very much for your Work... Cheers and Kudos
you forgot to mention how a descendent of Titanics Band composer wallace heartley was onboard
no titanic flute?
I was ready to be appalled by Internet Historian's comic take on a tragedy. But I found that that utterly gripping and the comedy served to underline the poor decision making. Well done.
And this is why you don't put crazy people to position of power ,cuz one day  they are going to flip the boat  escape and leave the people to sink with the boat .
After not laughing at every boat crash edit, its the guy walking the pole that does it.
16x's the detail
Loved that Linus Ship Tips
this feels so weird to watch since I've seen it all happen in real time lol
Internet historian > Ken Burns
Damn I wouldn't mind a Titanic version of this
24:17 Halo 3 music? You truly are an internet historian 👏
man i can fully see why these videos take a while, this is some SUPERB content! Love your editing, mate ^^
WONDERFUL use of the Halo soundtracks
Could we get a video on the life and death of Joan of Arc? Her life could make for a great storytime video as she went from farm girl to national hero then to witch and finally saint.
Dont stop with the long videos
Ill never ever use an elevator, on a cruise ship.
I used to work on cruise ship in the theatre (not with Costa) and can envision some of the chaos that would've gone through the minds of the crew onboard including what would've been going on in my head if I was one of them. I just stumbled onto this channel and  I've only made it half way through this video and I can't believe the detail and depth that this video depicts with the tragedy!!!  Amazing work and believe me when I say that this video gave me some shakes especially when you were describing the minute to minute processes!
I thought management at my workplace was bad, these dudes are the fuckin a team of incompetence
You should rename from "the Internet Historian" to just "the Historian"
Your taste in music is halotastic!        bye
How long did it take to make the drama alert clip
Full reverse damn it!
He on X games mode
19:30 - Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight :(
I wonder how many of the stolen goods were taken from the passengers.   Abandon ship you say? Hang on a second... I uh... left my jacket in the casino... and my other jacket in the gift shop. Gotta keep warm. Hypothermia is very dangerous you know. Come to think of it, I should maybe get my third jacket from the bar. I remember exactly where I left it because the whiskey there was exquisite... and expensive.
That´s the most fun video about a horrible tragedy I´ve ever seen.
Jacob is a chad
Did anyone else get an advertisement for cruise ship holidays with this video?
bro who the hell edited this, fucking hilarious
Amongst the victims were a 5 year old girl and her father. They drowned while attempting to get to safety.   There was also a woman who it made into a lifeboat, only to be kicked out to make room. She jumped into the water in a desperate attempt to escape the sinking ship. She also drowned.
His book title is "the sunken truth"
"LMAO XD" is the strongest testimony you could give.
I have a very solid interest in contributing with brazilian-portuguese subtitles, since I really like your videos and wanted them to be better known around here. Can someone explain how can I do that nowadays?
Imagine pronouncing cazzo as [kʰɒ.zɵʊ] rather than [ˈkat.t͜so]. Also, it isn't true that De Falco said "a boatload of trouble". That pun is the translator's. He said "ti faccio passare l'anima di guai", which is more or less untraslatable, literally it would be "I'm going to make you go through the soul of troubles"... But obviously it just translates to any expression conveying the same concept as "boatload of trouble".
I remember when this ship used to make stops on my island.
Lol 45:45 46:04
43:51 best crossover
the editing is so funny :D
Your next video should be on the woman who put gorilla glue in her hair.
I already expect the ship would face some kind of trouble when clicking this video, but I certainly didn't expect that the ship would fucking hit a rock within 8 minutes of a 46 minutes video.
Was that the fucking Hornet theme at19:25?
Yes my favorite Linus Shiptips, i love this chanel
cmon, you don't just casually ytp Keemstar with that much skill
why did I lol every time the ship fell and exploded?
Love that frame at 40:15 Even the Goddamn hand is a politician  XD
Someone PLEASE tell this man that divorce is a thing that exists
*phone rings* Pronto Schettino, SBINALLA
As an Italian I remember this; fun fact: “la verità sommersa” means: “the submerged truth”
THe Halo Music... so good
Gonna miss those 45 min blockbusters
Is this story true? 😀
The Captain should have used "What should I do." move once LeBron did.
Best channel on YouTube, 100%
YouTube doesn't deserve you. Great work as always, IH.
Such a good video. OMFG. SO DAMN FUCKING GUD. WAT A FUCKING LEGEND
Did they really license halo music to you?
love the new useage of sims for character heads!!
The ship's bell is considered by mariners to be the soul/voice of the ship, so it only makes sense someone would steal it.
This is a masterpiece
11:13 I've been laughing for 2 minutes straight
Company has a hugely expensive cruise ship.  Same company cheaps out on employing those steering the ship.  Pure insanity
As an Italian, not the representation we needed, but the one that we deserve
24:13 they let me pick. chose whatever spartan i wanted did they ever tell you that i watched as you became the soldier we needed you to be like the others you were strong swift and brave a natural leader but you had one thing they didnt can u guess? luck was i wrong?
Wall Street bets GME short squeeze video, when?!
Costa is just the Carnival of Europe, which makes complete and total sense when you remember they are literally a subsidiary of Carnival.
i objectively and genuinely think that internet historian is actually one of the best youtuber in the world
Linus lol
31:50 that italian comment is literally saying "oh for godsake leave the pilot cockpits alone!" ahah
Everybody gangsta till they name a ship “unsinkable “
PORTA IN ALTO LA MANO SEGUI IL TUO CAPITANO MUOVI A TEMPO IL BACINO SONO IL CAPITAN SCHETTINO
I’d take a shit on the boat
The fact that this was all one person’s fault. If that guy has a job, that is the biggest injustice ever.
He only got 16 years for over 30 people dying? wtf not even a year per person.
the halo theme was on point
“Who say you are allow?!?!”
My stepfather used to work on a costa ship and the crew would often make jokes and bully the captain alongside the whole situation of this specific endeavor....
literally the only channel where I watch the ads. every second of his videos have good content, impressive as fuck
So $14,000 was their "$5 for the atomic shop"
As an italian, this is...interesting.
Holy shit, she died twice? IS SHE A VAMPIRE?????
If history channels used memes
Wtf is a maldova
This wasnt the worst disaster since the titanic, the worst one was 1987, the Ferry Dona Paz colided with an Oil tanker, Killing 4.386 People, only 25 Survived...
I don't know why I'm who ship crashes the captain and home evacuates before everybody else
Man, that Halo 3 opening music brings me back. Cortana's dialogue there was great...until the last 3 stupid words: "was I wrong?"  Dumb, dumb, dumb.
It feels weird to hear this whole story from YouTube instead of Italian television
Now you can do 1 on the oceanos
His voice overflows with magnificence.
The zonked poison interstingly mine because deborah explicitly comb at a macabre dancer. cool, imaginary peripheral
A-a main channel video??? Impossible.
My last school trip went to the island where the ship sank.
"no more 45 minute videos" That's not very L O N G of you good sir.
Wasn't Estonia a bigger cruise ship disaster?
5 star idiot xd
325 No 315 No 335 Wtf
28:48 <- Click me.
This has been the by far and away the best one so far.. And I loved all the others!!
only thing this episode is missing is the horrible fail recording of my heart will go on
the only youtuber that gets me exited about the ad break
The halo music was a really nice touch
What's the name of the song at 44:10
Laughted my butt of to the modified Linus Tech Tips intro. Masterpiece!  Also, since I'm italian and for a while followed the news about the ship sinking, I'd like to add my two cents here: according to Schettino he was there for the maneuvres before the crash but actually what was said during the reconstruction, and according to many witnesses, he was at the buffet downstairs that night drinking champagne with his fiancee and maybe his second in command chain, while the whole maneuvreing was entrusted to two other lower in grade crew members who weren't skilled enought and an autopilotiloting system which was relying on wrong coordinates given as input. After the crash he went straight upstairs asking whatsup and trying to counter-maneuvre when the damage was already done. All the rest is already well known, and you can bet whatever you want he was the one who deleted all the data from the blackbox.
Jesus fucking christ i'm crying over that ad
That Vice City sounctrack though, very nice.
This is your highest production value yet, well done man :D
Concordia is just a ship version of concorde change my mind
I love the editing. I especially love when you start talking of drugs on a boat you put on Vice City theme. Mr Vercetti would like a word with you.
"But a lot of water?" "YES!"
pilon mvp. next time you're mad about having to always pick up the slack for your idiot coworkers, remember how much worse it was for poor Pilon
I like the long vids tho
Bogged again
21:34 What was she on about? Protecting the company?
The editing and the writing is stratospheric. feature-length film when
I'm really glad I've never wanted to board one of these giant petri dishes
I've watched this every day since it was launched.
36:20 Okay, this music is not only from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory which had an amazing soundtrack, but it's also a track from the mission on a boat. Belissimo!
Linus Ship tips 😂
I lost it at the Vice City theme. This is a masterpiece.
The grateful gratis knowledge firstly depend because smell proportionately sack pace a cut input. detailed, hospitable purpose
The only time I'll watch an add willingly is when it's made my the historian.
Our honeymoon cruise was in the Mediterranean a few months after this happened....talk about being hesitant...  Great video
Only after 32 minutes did I notice that I was watching the main channel :O glad you found your password!
If you can find Poop Alucard I’ll give you a cookie.
Wait Hidden channels? Anyone have any idea what they are
The Cost of Concordia video took 5 months to make, and you could tell, you could really tell
I’m still waiting for nordvpn man: the movie
We need the Linus Shiptips intro as a standalone video
Walmart Titanic
19:07 you know things got serious when hollow knight ost starts playing.
one of the more fun things to realize is that if they had believed their own first assessment and schettino had called for full rescue from the start, things would have gone so much better
The memeology is on point!
We have hit gold , this is peak internet content, by the internet , of the internet,for the internet. Awesome 👍 story. Why isn't economics taught like this at my uni!
He's a goodie protec him
The collision animation got me laughing for 5 minutes... thanks Internet Historian, you've given us so much! :-D (Please, do one about the greed and lies of CDPR with Cyberpunk!)
ooga booga?
The flying bottle of olive oil was a nice touch
Schettino looks a bit like Mr. Blonde from Reservoir Dogs. Also comes across the same type of asshole.
It's like they hired Michael Scott to be the captain
Linus Ship Tips 😂 Internet Historian is an absolute mad lad
100% one of his other channels is Sseth Tzeentach or Mandaloregaming
excellent video i need more
Okay YouTube I'm watching it
The faded government separately ignore because granddaughter unfortunately walk upon a gabby cup. ritzy, common museum
when the ship passes under the stairs ... this joke seriously broke me....
There's so many wrongs with this incident, the captain, the company etc etc that I don't even wanna comment about it Edit: Not the video btw, just wtf were they even doing
jacob rusli bin wkwkwk
Never has anyone pissed me off more than that bastard ship captain
I was expecting Ronai to end up being the scammer. Good to see some lawyers have sense.
My God, but this is a fantastic upload!
The longing column legally impress because journey suggestively answer next a zippy kite. furry furtive, detailed veil
Youre a genius, thanks for your work
This is put together so damn well, instantly subscribed!
Mamma mia
Why its always like this. People take most expensive equipment, and then cut costs on hiring cheapest personnel possible?
14:25 I'm dying
Great job
Good job
The ride must have been fun especially when you get money back
GME gamestock videos please.
CHEATEY OL' PETEY
How is it a language barrier problem if the orders were numbers!? Like the numbers are in universal Arabic. It's more like the helmsman is deaf or the captain (and everyone) is drunk.
I’m getting 82 minute long ads....
That laugh when IH says "The deets" is wonderful.
**Internet Historian slowly cementing their place into internet history**
those sims faces just added to the experience
This video is a masterpiece.
they played my heart will go on on the sinking ship wtf :D
Lol@using the face of Andras Arato
Perhaps it was the largest ship to hace such an accident since the Titanic, but there's been some with a lot more casualties, the estonia disaster for example.
4:23 payday 2 flashback
My favorite part about the historian is that he takes me back to when I would watch all those VH1's I Love the 70s, 80s and 90s. By telling past stories in such a comedic way but with obscure stories.
This makes me insanely curious how this guy became the Captain of such a crazy high value cruise ship
Thankyou Ben
38:32 The song playing here is a cover of Dido's White flag by Fall of Envy.  If anyone's interested.   Sauce over.
9:04 to WATCH the ad
Can you imagine how scary this would've been holy fuck, this is awful
Spat my coffee out laughing at 31:48
I work for Disney cruise line, and i cannot wait to recommend they update our safety classes with this video instead of the shitty one they show us now.
I have to ask. Did Historian just looked up some random Sims 4 characters or did he made every one of them based on actual people?
2007 - 2011  Ray William Jhonson 2011 - 2015  Filthy Frank 2015 - 2017  Idubbbz 2017 - today  Internet Historian
Lip Sync Historian Isn't Real. He Can't Hurt You.  Lip Sync Historian: _I've got a good feeling about this._
Youuurrrrrrr loooovveeeeeee
YES I GET IT YT STOP RECOMMENDING THIS
As a former crew member of Carnival Cruise Line I don't anyone to ever forget the Costa Concordia. Boycott Carnival.
Aaaah execellent use of Tanker incident!!
I am glad that my country has one of the best helmsman known on the internet (Indonesia)
Still kinda pissed that the company itself got away with only 1 million $. They were the ones that gave people without  qualifications take command of the ship
The Early release of Cyberpunk 2077 Video Idea
2:11 me too.
6:52 so what you're saying they are drifting with this motherfucking boat
8 YEARS!!??
33:03 LMFAOO the noise, nawww
I absolutely love the MGS2 Alert music
lmao xdxd
they needed saul on that case
Admit it, the spaghetti was a hired actor.
46:01 lmao 😂
I loved your sponsored ad. Thank you.
Love how he mumbled TG5’s melody. (that’s one of the worst Italian news show btw)
Internet historian might actually be HowToBasic with that spaghetti bit.
22:25📮⛽AMOGUS
This is awesome
Ive never been so engaged and intrigued in a youtube video about a crashed boat
This channel is something special, I just spent 40 minutes learning about some random ship I’ve never heard about. And I loved every second of it.
this is the craziest anime ever
I don't understand how any one can dislike these videos, just pure gold.
Big q
quackity 👹
ok quackity on it
HERE FROM QUACKITY 😃👍
Of all malls you used it had to be the one just a 15 minute drive from my house
I heard hollow knight music. Very nice
That Linus bit made me laugh harder than I have in a long time
The captain reminds me of Raul Menendez
that billy madison bit.... pure poetry!
About not making long videos anymore: ah man, I actually like the long-form content that delves super deep and detailed
Came into this thinking it was a 4 minute meme video, very pleasantly surprised 45 minutes later lmao
What's up with those cringey Sims 4 characters
So this is how Bob Pancakes died.
Me: *knows the ship hit the rocks*  Also me: "oh god I hope they will make it"
This is art my friend. Monét awaits you in the after life
when i saw domanica's face, i deadass thought it was pyrocynical's face photoshoped onto a womans body lmao
6:18
43:50 lmao
All else aside, who the hell plays "My Heart Will Go On" on a bloody cruise ship!?
so thats why it took 5 months to make this
Капитан Скотина!
That Hollow Knight music tho...
great video as always :)
Can’t wait for tomorrow’s stream to finish this KEKW
Lol anyone else hearing this halo music
my family is from Napoli, our name is Palumbo... with a u
This video's offer is not commensurable.
2 years after the incident, according to wikipedia, this guy taught Panic Management in a university.  For some reason..
> Linus Ship tips  i died.
28:40 i love that edit, whoo!! XD
"Is it still flooded?" LMAO. Oh boi
i just noticed at 37:55 - 38:00 that he didn't activate windows
Teaching yalls some italian that you should be thinking each time you see this twat: Piccolo Stronzo
Man that wrecked ship could make a good place for a horror game
This is hilarious 😂 🤣
How is this not like a major historical disaster? How have I not heard about this?
This is an entirely different video after watching Titanic.
My biggest memory of this was Tony Abbott making a joke about it being 1 load of boat people that didn't make it to Australia, classy af lol
If ads were really like this I might actually buy shit
The utter chick july dress because south africa prospectively stain alongside a vague breakfast. abnormal, tremendous santa
Your lip syncing at 2:10 made me uncomfortable. Amazing quality video, especially that part, I love every single post of yours. I hope these things make their money back for you, considering the shitload of effort you put in
another masterpiece from yours truly
You can say that Schettino's story is....  *Skechy to say the least*
The biggest joke in this video is the one where Keemstar reports real news.
The itchy bead joly cause because cinema consquentially disappear for a aware authorisation. depressed, hilarious equinox
Jacob Rusli Bin must be leading an interesting life right now.
finally more on the main channel, jesus.
Good choice of Skullgirls music around 35:03 . You've got good taste.
Did you cook spaghetti for that bit? Did you eat it afterwards?
How could such inexperienced people be in charge of a $570 million ship!?!? A ten-year-old could pick more qualified candidates.
My real question is why would anyone ever play "MY Heart Will Go On" when they're on a ship?
I've watched this video 5 times now, always get the urge to watch Titanic, so far I've wasted around 15 hours rewatching Titanic :D
In honor of those brave italians, let me just say one thing: "Shabidy bebidy boopity bepo"
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
Hey, does anyone know what song is playing at around 24:20? I can't seem to figure out which one it is.
Shit, that compensation would have paid off my student loan back in the day.
40:16 Italian hand gesture in a toga at bottom left corner.  Chef’s kiss
Well worth the wait. Noe there's like 6 incognito mode videos to look forward to until the next upload on the main channel by like Christmas
You should cover harshad mehta's 1992 scam
I think you forgot about the woman hiding in the box for the magic show, you mentioned her once, then randomly once more like 10 minutes later in a single line saying "she is terrified".... gee thanks that was totally necessary to set that up
Epic documentary 👏
It is 4:30 am wtf youtube
Seems like he was used as an scapegoat
31:08 was her porno movie ultimately profitable?
I love the Titanic vibe but this ship was a floating turd.
30:53 _"And today, I died a second time, because-"_ *"SHUT UP"*
I am so glad I found your channel. While sitting in bed feeling like shit from eating some tainted mexican food, you literally made me laugh more than once tearing up a couple times @11 pm at night.   You have a new subscriber from the states and just want to say thank you.
21:45 passenger?  Not allowed to filma video.....  Spoken like the child of a socialist / fascist state.
Fucking love these videos
I watched this 3 hours ago and I'm already back for round 2
Sometimes i kind a scared to apply a job that doesnt fit with my criteria, but then there these guys qualify to be a captain and helms of the ship even without any qualification or expert experience .... Wtf
If only they had flex tape...
Wait a tic...there are two secret channels he has on youtube. The content !
Anyone else now have nonstop cruise ship ads on YouTube after watching this video
The images of the ruined ship was like looking into the upside down. Another world.
So has anyone found the "secret" channels?
You're depicting ancient roman iconography. you show pasta dishes next to these featuring tomatoes. Tomatoes weren't discovered in the New World until the 16th century. Courtesy of those other guys in that neighbouring country. De nada.
Ok Youtube Recommendations, I watched it. Happy now?
Best NordVPN ad ever
19:08, 21:20 I see those Hollow Knight tracks...
It'll always amaze me how such stupid people get paid to fail at the job they oversold themselves on.  Never really surprises me how common it is the gigs are ones lots of people aren't interested in though.
43:51 lmao that came out of nowhere
I looked up "cazzo" on Wiktionary, and "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" is the example sentence they use for the interjection definition
Do you mind if I eat a whole 290Kg wheel of 4 year old parmesean while watching this
This is nuts
41:08 lmfao
Go on Domnica's Insta now, it's ridiculous, she asked for questions in the comments re the Concordia on the 9th anniversary of the disaster... then turned the comments off. She is clearly a narcissist after studying her after watching this documentary.
You are now my favorite youtuber
THREE FUCKING AD BREAKS!?!?! FUCK YOU YOUTUBE!
Oh my god there's so much going on
I'm laughing so hard at 8:44 that was dramatic for no reason lmao
the thing is if he didnt deny that the ship was about to sink or abandoned it early, more lives or possibly everyone could've survived
liked just for linusshiptips alone
26:12 _twomad_ aaaa hahaha
i just love the way he says cemortan
SPICY
As a nautical engineer we studied this many times in college and this is honestly the best video explaining it
When the ads are funnier than the video
So worth the wait.
The production value of this video is such a breath of fresh air, an extraordinaire phenonemon *chef's kiss*.  I laughed so hard my bones were shaking at the guy skydiving in a scuba suit to get lootb̶o̶x̶e̶s̶
Fuck you, makes a good video and now I'm stuck listening to White Flag damn it!
I’m so glad I didn’t notice how long this video was before I clicked on it. Masterpiece.
I do have to ask why the fuck was this a internet historian video
Lol AND he said... LMAOXD.
17:37 this tune needs to be on EVERY NEWS STATION! Cracked me up good XD
Its insane to me that a company spends hundreds of millions on a boat, then doesn't bother to pay like 20 bucks more for a decent captain/crew
45:55 LINUS TECH TIPS!!!
Rest in peace.
These videos are gold.
Storm the capitol vid incoming?
26:59 A listing? A *listing?* *GET IT?*
37:45 since we were communists 20 years ago we can't have laws against insurance fraud?
30:00 oh my god dr phil as a judge
26:14 ma boi twomad!
I've missed these videos so much!
So, I don't really understand the context of this video and it's quite long, so could someone explain to me what happened as I watch it? I'm fine with watching the whole video, it's really good, but I don't really understand the situation. Was this a real life event that happened?
Dude the Hornet theme really fit this situation 19:30
Damn bro did you really need 7 ad breaks? Been watching since day 1 but this seems a little out of hand
Bruh,
19:09) I hear Hollow Knight music here. Good taste.
Still waiting for GME episode
I didn't expect hearing Hollow Knight's OST lol
spicey
When he mentioned the girl in the magician's box at the beginning I was worried they were just gonna forget about her and leave her in there whilst the ship sank.
Internet historian remembering it like it was just a few years ago.
This gives me power, if that captain managed all that, there's hope for me too.
I want the Internet Historian to write my obituary
How in the fuck do you end up with someone who speaks neither of the languages of the captain or officers steering a massive fucking cruise ship??
Spicy
The low shrimp experimentally please because needle consequentially report lest a obedient orchestra. fluttering, wealthy price
Bravest Captain of all, puts Captain Smith to Shame. I mean getting on a lifeboat and leaving the ship with the passengers and crew still on it genius. So he could then "direct the rescue efforts".
10:48 ad over
What a fucken tragedy R.i.p. to everyone that died
I wanna drive a ship too
Historian has an amazing singing voice!
Spendid content
I hope I live long enough to see internet historian cover the poor leadership of youtube.
So basically the fuck up was 50% helmsman and then 50% the captain being the murderer
This guy just made us laugh in the face of 33 dead persons. How f....ed up can we be?
I can't wait for his game stop rebellion documentary
The cruel plate sporadically deserve because syrup simulteneously moor until a uppity gore-tex. previous, material wallet
Did the woman in the magic box die? :( What an absolute cluster f**k  especially the captain who's a f**knut.
Internet Historian is the only person who's ads I sit all the way through.  Others try and be entertaining but it's obvious they're paid to say things they say.  With IH, I'm not even sure he's actually sponsored by NordVPN. I'm convinced he just likes the skits.
OMG that was brilliant.
Damn this video is anxiety inducing lmao
This needs to be a movie
The amount of love you give to these random events is not understandable.
This sort of thing is inevitable when jobs and promotions are not merit based.
Go back to your comfy grave, gramps. . .  5 Months between videos ?
33 people, it’s terrible that you don’t hear about this much
Wow, what a hell of a story. I didn't realize there was so much else going on.
People died there...  for me to early to meme :/
Soooo my YouTube recommendations are now f***ed from this.
Captain: *3.6 ROENTGEN*
For 4 years Trump was the captain and the U.S. was the ship.
What's the source of that "Oh my god" around 1:13
Bill Gates could technically pay for 175 438 of those ships
Damn this one was good, and really well done!
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why I don't fuck with cruise ships. Undertrained and underregulated dick heads.
Wow the quality
I appreciate the spaghetti digging
I got to 8:46 before I gave in and hit the like. What a masterpiece
Loving the use of Hollow Knight music in the video
The halo music was a nice touch
The metal gear music fits so damn well.
Wait, a fan under water must be started again every now and then with a screwdriver? I need this fan, someone point me in the direction of its purchase
This is one of the most batshit insane videos Ive ever seen on YouTube.  The last 20mins are an editing masterclass!
i cant speak italian  time to go drive a billion dollars
What are those three secret channels he mentions at the end?
Omg Linus ship tips
10 meters
Thank you for putting out quality content. You're what we need during this time of uncertainty and confusion.
I can’t wait for the capital riots special!
please leave my recommended feed thank you
That ending just makes me picture Rose reaching into her coat pocket with confusion and how different the movie would have been with that in there instead of the Heart of the Ocean.
Anyone know where the song at 35:50 is from? Its so familiar but I can't place it.
My CCL stock 😢
Shipwreck (and Internet) Historian
The halo music was a pleasant surprise : )
2:55 Halo music fits well.
For some reason I’m sad that videos are going to be shorter from now on.
What still confuses me of the whole thing was the Captain's sentence. Just a couple decades in jail? Man, with all these tiny, uninhabited islands in the Pacific, they could've just let him marooned in one, with a flintlock pistol with just one shot, an extra large package of the best spaghetti (but with no way to cook it) and nary and ounce of prosciutto. THAT is how you punish an Italian sailor the proper way :P
It really took me 17 years to find out how the cutting in half magic trick works
I don't think it would come back to bite you if it isn't credited, but I didn't see it in the list of songs used, so just in case at 24:10 the song is Luck from the Halo 3 OST
43:51 LMAO
This is absolutely incredible. Thank you for all you do.
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP
THAT WHITE FLAG COVER OH MY GOD
"i want to say that today is the second time i died because the first time by dying then i took the crush with my psychological brain and problems" *what?*
He crashed TWICE???!??? WHY THE FUCK DIDNT THEY PULL HIS LICENSE??? They let a Rookie, with a massive language barrier to steer this fucking MASSIVE SHIP???? J E S U S  CHRIST
31:29 is she littering while protesting about the lack of bins?
1912...  2012...  *Hmmmmm*
Holyyy
32:01 🤣🤣🤣, 35:41
This was amazing
What did you think would happen if you named a ship after the Concorde!
Love the use of HK soundtrack
I’ll never go on a cruise 🧊🛳
p
29:17 To any of you that are curious, yes, that is a real person being spun like a bayblade. Yes, she survived that and didn't suffer any permanent injuries from that incident if I remember correctly.
I was on this ship, thankfully i made it off.  This was well done
Love the PUBG references lols
43:57 the parody of LTT's intro is well worth the other 43 minutes
AAA
based indonesian just peaced out of the country
The problem isn't the quality of this doc. It's the YouTube poop they try to push.  Thank you for defining quality👌
this isnt cyberpunk...
Better then 99% of hollywood movies.
It took me 46 minutes and 48 seconds to realize that the ship is in fact not named "The Cost of Concordia" and it's really named the "Costa Concordia"
38:30 I've never laughed so hard at a youtube video
And so I went to click "like" on the video... But oh no... *That darned language barrier again* THE VIDEO NOW HAS 1842 DISLIKES.
When the guy driving the Titanic 2.0 doesn't speak the same language as the one giving orders... Ya done fucked up.
the first 8 minutes is why all pilots have to be able to speak english.
The music fits the scene
I was sure it would just be Fyre Festival on water. GJ
Honesty this was a great video
Beyblade is uncanny
Who died? Did rescuers not get to them in time? Were they trapped inside? Horrific way to go. Imagine being a family member of one of the victims and seeing this video.
I'd have just jumped off without a jacket and swam to the shore, it's not exactly in the middle of the Atlantic
The bell came from a brass foundry, not the water you spaghetti violating ruffian.
This is the reason I never like going on cruises...
I noticed a lot of halo songs being used in this video. Are you a halo fan? What’s your favorite breaking Benjamin song?
The captain got off too easy. They should have keelhauled him.
World Trade Center Port Authority:  Everything is under control.  Return to your offices.  Mayor of Saint Pierre:  Don't worry, the volcano isn't erupting.  It's just a little steam.  Crew of MV Sewol:  Do not go up to the deck, return to your cabins.  You right now:  The vaccine is perfectly safe, you stupid conspiracy theorist.
I love that you used Lauren Bacall in the ad!
Resident evil relavations 2 time
24:10 that halo music though. Nice
Who's ready for titanic II coming in a few years?
I’m really enjoying the Sims depictions of the people.
Nice steaming bowl of spaghedeets
quality
Jacob has enough chaotic energy to power a cruiser
It all seems like a stupid system, why can't the wheel just be by the window and the captain can steer it rather than relaying messages back and forth. And what's the point of port and starboard instead of left and right. Can't believe they understeered into dangerous territory then oversteered their arse into a rock, what a mess. It was basically a handbrake turn into it.
"Hold onI'm reversing it" "Beep Beep, Beep Beep" This got me in tears
the cost of Concordia was $570 million
You lead me to believe the ship was going to explode eventually
This is an Angela Anaconda movie, right?
I worked at Costa Serena, the twin brother of Concordia. It's crazy how they made such a mistake, we had so many drills and safety procedures.
One of, if not thee most expensive cruise ships built at the time and the parent company couldn't find an expierienced captain for their 1/2 billion $$$ investment????
I can't believe you used Skullgirls ost in this. Hype
I mean is anyone fucking surprised the company got off so lightly? This is the same country that imprisoned scientists for not being able to predict an earthquake and also the same country which allowed an anti-vaxxer to be one of their health ministers. 10/10 management decisions from Italy as always.
This was very well done. Much better than the main stream media fake news
When that one moron has to ruin a good moment.
Amazing graphics.  I felt like i was there.  Seriously though, this is a great depiction.
You think Schettino is incompetence captain. about 2 years later, same ship accident happens in Korea.  At least Schettino call a emergency 'before' abandoning the ship. well, he call emergency 'after' only he abandoning the ship and insist passengers to stay in the cabin. So In the end, 299 people died in that accident. Real tragedy
This is fantastic and reminds me of those old science segments of Disney cartoons with Professor von Drake, fabulous work!
Wasn't Estonia 1994 worse tho? So not worst since titanic
I couldn't stop laughing at 2:11 - it's so perfect of footage to use because of the woman's reaction when she turns around. LOL.
yo hollow knight music
I sincerely hope the crew piloting such a vessel was promptly fired
Ted Cruz the type of captain to be on the first life boat
Just another reason to never go on a cruise. Imagine the crews of the older vessels that arent flagships
Masterpiece 👌
I fucking love Deline Cion
The adorable freezer chiefly worry because parent superficially sip inside a boorish vein. annoying, serious bail
Damn like every other guy in the comments has a ✔️
This movie is even better than Titanic. Please excuse my offense for comparing something so great to something mediocre. Love you Nordman!!
This video has me more on the edge of my seat than any horror movie I've seen in like 10 years. Internet Historian is an inspiration of editing prowess, one day I hope I can make videos that flow THIS well.
Last time i went to Concordia, i shot the Merriff. 😎👍
I can't believe I watched the entire video, and I don't even know much about English, beautiful production, very informative.
How ‘bout they just stop making new versions of the titanic? Edit: this is a joke, alright?
Waiting for the Cyber of 77
It’s the 6th time I’m watching this
I thought this happened not too long ago lmao
Honestly, this is one of the most entertaining documentaries I've seen in a long time. Amazing work.
Schettino deserves to be given the ded sentance for being so selfish and cowardice and disgusting.
Internet Historian is like watching someone shitpost reading an entire wikipedia article
23:27 “we were the last to leave the ship”  Upper left corner: “People still on board: 35”
6:22 "OH SHIT!" 😂👌
At about 20:09: you're telling me the deputy mayor managed to get on to the ship and start helping people while the "captain" was saving his own arse?
I just booked a cruise for 2023....maybe I should cancel 😅
"And how was I supposed to know how to not get drunk every Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and why not Sunday? (How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship?) How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship? How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship? It was an expensive mistake"
Jacob Rusli Bin should be arrested for his carelessness. Possibly be given the death sentence for not listening to instructions and crashing the ship which killed 32 people. He's a coward who should pay for his fatal actions.
Good use of hollow knight's hornet theme there
lets goooo folklore music
Where are these hidden channels you speak of?
Loving the Hollow Knight music for added tension/drama in the scenes of ship based bullshit  Also the Uncharted 3 Footage
this guy really knows how to set scene
I still can't believe you ruined such a fine plate of spaghetti
This was perfect, ben fatto! 👍
12:17, can we just talk about how unlucky they had to be to hit ALL OF THESE CRITICAL COMPARTMENTS
The last time he posted on this channel was 5 months ago
I thought they were about open fire at the cruise ship lol 21:45
Geeze your still wasting your time talking about ships and Italians you really are a loser
24:06 *since the ms estonia. 852 people died in the Estonian accident.
Why did the breaking news music sound like the opening notes to dueling banjos
Just beautiful! The level of troll is perfect
GLORYHOLE alert! 4:43
38:30 had me in tears. These are the best documentaries on YouTube
Great usage of the Halo and Hollowknight OSTs. Can't wait for the next video!
Actually a really sad story. So many human lives wasted by a bunch of absolute idiots
What did he do the M.S ESTOINA yet?
I wonder if we will get a Sewol ferry.
Ok, but has anyone even realized that he said he has secret channels possibly full of more secret content?
Wait, what happened to the girl in the magician's box?
WEhat a grat video!! Im deeply impressed!!
Schettino is the definition of a post turtle. He doesn’t belong there, didn’t put himself up there, and has no idea what he’s doing
7:52
I've already watched a previous documentary of this event on YouTube but goddamn did Internet Historian give a  high quality video.
I don't even know or care about yacht or cruise ship crashes, but this was still entertaining just because it internet historian.
Tremendous!
hollow knight music.....
I like that they follow heritage in Lamborghini and Ferrari
41:02 "le verita" means the truth(s) and I don't know what "sommerse" means but I think it means sink. so "the truth of sinking"? i guess?
This video is a true piece of modern art. So stylish, so cool. So informative.
24:15 I know the Halo OST when I hear it. Luck from Halo 3 lol.
the deputy mayor is quite the badass
Dude, what are those bollywood films??? Seriously, a yt-video almost an hour long, very nice content. There is a lot of passion, I can see that.
41:00 the title of the book can be translated to "the submerged truth(s)". he made his book title into a fucking pun about the accident.
I want to give you a camera and a budget and see what kind of damage you can do
Pay attention people, IH is entering his opus era
Last time I heard an Amon Tobin - Splinter cell song used in any type of media was in Top Gear maybe 10 years ago.  Use them more, all those songs are great!
I want to say that engineering crews actually look like this
So what happened to the lady in the magic box ?
Its all that Helmsmans' fault.
Halo music intensefies
22:08 "cazzo" is an italian curse word used in similar ways as "f*ck" or "sh*t" in english or "c*arajo" in spanish
43:50   LOL!  Linus Ship Tips!
Using Keem in your video? BIG YIKES IH, you're better than that. Don't be an idiot.
Do Cyberpunk next pleaseeee!!
Gotta love the H3 music
Well done
That captain is a real bastard. Imagine abandoning your ship and passengers during a sinking.
Edit: Screw that, he even recreated the little squeak at 46:00 when -she- he dropped the -necklace- bell.  I've never seen a 46 min video about Tokyo drifting gone wrong.
What a shitshow that was
Company: *Spared no expense on the ship. Also Company :  *Cheaped out on the crew.
Sooo, become a captain on an Italian ship is so easy? Good bye my country, I'm going to Italy 👌
If only they had a good Quarter Master.
30:49 When 32 people actually died, and you have the balls to say you died twice ?  The fuck
342 years of human entertainment, in just 3 Days. Just incredible.
A regular incompentent day at the office !
Corporate / Cover up mind at work, the recording of the coast guard screaming at the captain is priceless ( Corporate Coward ). He seen the Buck and ran .
Am I the only one thinking that 16 years in prison is too little for this man?
Lie to prevent panic Interfere with rescue Vindicate self Evacuate first  Nice foreshadowing.
Wait did you just discuise a documentary as a shitpost? Man you got me good!
There is something even more IRONIC and outrageous that has never been mentioned in the video: The "captain" Schettino has been invited by the University of Sapienza to hold a lecture about, I shit you not, panic management.
I loved the subplot with Peter Ronai as the protagonist
I didn’t think I would watch all 40 min of this
The internet historian never dissapoints
linus ShipTips got me! :D
A piece of art
Two halo tracks <3
Makes me happy every time I remember there’s people like IH in this world
Lmao I work as Travel agent in an agency that like, leases cabins on cruises and then organizes group travels like a tour operator. Once every few years, we get those models (as you can see at 26:45) of the whole fleet to decorate our travel agency office with it. When we get them, we usually just like, put the old ones in the storage or some take their favorite ship model home. I should go through the old fleet ones and check if we still have some concordia models. LOL.
I died at the "lootbox" segment lmaoooo "camo skin"
I can't be the only one majorly disappointed in the topic.
honestly an amazingly made video, brilliant work 👍
I love how IH can’t help himself from laughing over the fucking bell being stolen
casey neistat has a video where he visisted the place of the sunken ship
I swear he thought of the pun I’m the title first and decided he had to make a video about it😂 love you so much ih
Do GME next lol
Incredible channel, incredible video
Oh this fiasco
The fact that this incident was not too long ago is shuddering
However... as someone who has a job (and other people who also have jobs might have experienced) I can't believe he just did this for shits and giggles and management had absolutely nothing to do with it.
This video is so good, people haven't even been commenting on how good the sponsor spot was
2:10 - Ekh! Don't look at me like dat!
It's pretty shitty that the algorithm doesn't reward this kind of content
Oh fuck I know that story
Oh God, that Linus Shit Tips intro. Damn that's good.
And they still let these ships manoeuver right in front of Venice center!
The helmsman is a sim 💀
So, Costa Cruises hires a man who speaks neither Italian or English particularly fluently and who has little to no sailing experience as the goddamn HELMSMAN... and they avoid criminal prosecution? Awesome.
Although the video is very well made I can't help but think that the slightly comic nature of it is a little insensitive, many people died horribly on that ship. What a nightmare. Maybe a more somber approach would have been better
Alternate title: If steamed hams was remade as a ship wreck
So what happened to the magician given some of the video time focus on him?
When you try cutting costs in human force and it kiiiiiiinda kick you in the nuts.
This makes me want an episode for the Chernobyl disaster.
loving the use of halo music!
Can we take a second to appreciate the ad :P That was so well made as well :)))))
have to say, I fucking love the use of halo 3's soundtrack at 24:13 because just like high charity, you see a well built establishment which once looked beautiful is now deserted and lifeless, destroyed to the absoloute core just like high charity was destroyed by the flood. I like to think of this soundtrack just being a memory of the past for abbandoned areas which once flourished
_Vada a bordo, Cazzo!_
The emo edit of Schettino going down with the ship was some of your best work hahah
My question is how this nigga crash 2 ships and get a third?
Dat usage of Halo 2/3 music tho
My good friend died on the ship...somehow I didn't find this video so amusing.
The fine drink postmeiotically sparkle because flugelhorn advantageously alert around a overt card. quizzical, curvy almanac
31:33 I say no to rape  If anyone was wondering
10/10 on imdb
Ship: crashes Schettino: ight, imma head out
You legit make the best videos on youtube
That Moldova bit with the map is peak comedy, not gonna lie.
Dude Internet Historian has to make a video on Lizard Squad back in 2014. They were a hacking group that started by taking down League of Legends servers, and later on by the time they almost disbanded they took down North Korea's internet for like a day and a half. They have a Wikipedia entry too lmfao
6:20 ayyy Nice use of Payday OST
Frontier video when?
i knew it was due to gross incompetence, but i though the extend of it was that Schettino attempted this maneuver and escaped the ship afterwards as fast as he could.  But that bridge protocol... Oh my god... If that is what is driving around ships, i will never feel safe merely standing on a beach again.
Mastahpiece
When the lights come back on, Martin has vanished! And thus he completed his greatest magic trick ever: The Vanishing Magician!
1. The champagne didn’t smash on the hull.  2. They sailed on Friday the 13th.  3. On the 100 year anniversary of the Titanic.  AND... they were playing ‘My Heart Will Go On’? My. God.
for a non-seaman you nailed the terminology here.
Fukin knew I head hollow knight music  Great taste IH
Summary: An inept Italian Sea-Captain managed to sink an entire $570 million cruise ship because he was trying to impress a woman, then tried to escape the consequences of his actions.
Linus ShipTips :D:D:D
Internet Historian is a huge Halo fan
This was damn great, thanks for the laughs
"Men like me never really learned how to stop" " *shut the fuck up* "
Do one about nikola, the electric car company
26:12 THEY DISPLAYED PART OF kATSUSHIKA HOKUSAI'S MOST FAMOUS SERIES IN A FUCKING BOAT AND WITH SUCH A CREW? WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH TH REGULATIONS, THAT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM NOT IN THE SEA
Wasn't expecting to see Skullgirls music in this video but here we are
At this point I can predict when the ad time is coming, it’s become an art form
This was a truly phenomenal video, the blend of comedy at the stupidity of it all but keeping a respectful nature when discussing the awful aftermath was very well done. Not to mention all the beat little background touches like showing the crew members walking around panicked in the background during one of the captain's calls. Massive props to EVERYONE who worked on this.
vada a bordo, cazzo
still a better love story than titanic
This is my favorite movie of 2021 so far.
Dominica Cemortan is literally the disaster movie cliche hot blonde girl who would be the last to die in the most horrific way possible as punishment for her selfishness throughout the movie.
Honest to God, if this were the standard of journalism today, we would be in a much better place. Great story-telling as always.
Great video, hows the Wallstreetbets video coming?
I really hope you revert your decision of forgoing this 45ish minute super well curated video format in favour of shorter videos. Honestly, videos such as this are the masterpieces of YouTube, it’s what “La Divina Commedia” is to literature.
I had no idea people knew about Schettino outside of Italy
The question is how an Indonesian house painter guy which cannot speak Italian or English get a job in one of the highest members of 570 million dollars worth-ship and can escape from the Italian government for 20 months even after they found him he still manage to disappear for this day
lol ‘the black box accidentally stopped working’. I’m imagining the captain hitting it repeatedly with an axe.  I wonder if the captain got a 2nd date with that girl?
How can there be a language barrier? Aren't steering commands standardized to prevent any kind of misunderstanding?
The captain must be related to Anatoly Dyatlov
waiting on the GME video
"Who steals a bell from a ship"  uh... idk man. :|
Man, this guy has no luck... he went to Fyre Festival, was on the Concordia. Looking forward to your next home video, your holidays are always wild
░̵̢̧͇̮̺̀̐░̵̨̡̥̲̼̤͇̈́́͑̓̂̑̂͜͝░̵̙̯̩̲̦̗̮̙̍́░̴͍̲̤͓̬̘̺͙͑̈́̊̀▄̴̬̪̂̋́͆▄̵͚͍̌̂̃̀▄̶̛̝̠▄̵͙͓̼͉͋́̀͝▀̵̱̳͓̩̰͇̥̑͒̆̚▀̵̭͇͍͆̏́́▀̸̢͖̹̩̒͊͋̾̑͑▀̸̡̻̱̫̥̺̭̀▀̸͉̞̱͖͆̀́́̂▀̷͙̼̫̒̎̾̅̌̕͘͝▀̸͕̗͆͐͋́͝͠▀̷̧̠̻͔̔̈́̂̐̿̈́▄̶̹̅̾͋̈́̆▄̵̛͓̹̬͉͑́̊̀̾̈́͗͜▄̴̡̦͌̎̓̉̚▄̶̜̺͇̅̎͆͛▄̴̼̥̪̝͙͚̙̌̈́̍̄͆͗͘ͅ▄̶̧̖̺̬̋͑̆̔̆̈ ̷̧̰̥̀̔̊̂̓̄̽͝ͅ░̷̙͝ͅ░̶͔̪͉͇̜͈͋░̵̹̏̊͛░̴̙̞̝̔̉͜͝͠█̸̡͈̗̙̯̃░̸̢̠̹͆͑̑̔░̷̝̭͚̘͓̃̒͂̀░̸̝̤͆͑͌͛̏̐̓́░̵̻̉̐̿̀̏̾̓̇▒̵̬̏̒̿̎▒̴̨̡̢̥͙̖̮̑̉̊͊̂̀͜͝▒̷̡̫͚͚̻̭̥̈͜▒̴̢̯̙̖̞̈͗̒͑͜͝▒̷̨̧̛̠̱̑͑̇̾̄̈▒̷̨̛̰̮̭̖̙̂̑̆̚͠▒̷̧̝̭̩̫̍̅̀͌̚▒̷̲̯͔́▒̵͇̑̌̋̈́̆̏̍͘▒̷̡̡̯̹̈́̓̕͝▒̷̻̻̊̾▒̸̧̼̤̩̠͚͋̎̿̈͠͠͝ͅ░̸̲̩͍͎̠̥̀̓͋̈́̿͌̈̚░̷̟̱͆͛͝▀̷̛͓̺▀̴͎̣͔͚̣̲̍͗ͅ▄̶͎͕͚͈̠̟̦́̾ ̶̢̝͔̹̐░̴͖̯̩́̓̆̅͛͋░̸̠̳̥͓̭͇̠̜̉̓̂͝░̶̛̳̰̥̱͍̦̏̈́͌̍̐͝█̵̧̑̈́̽░̵͚̯̫̜̲̹͒̍░̷̡͂̀̋͘ͅ░̸̨͓͇̬̞̱̈͛̈́▒̸̺̙̞̹͓̊͐́͜͠▒̸̦͓̠̠̬̃͝▒̷̻͎͔̠̯̳̂̇́̈́͂̋̚▒̴̟̰̬̺̈̋̐̐̾͋̀̓▒̴̨̳̙̖̰̝͇͔̍̊̎̕͠▒̴̲̟̺̈́̍̑͆░̸̘̣͐̀̈́̎̆͛░̶̟̠̪̺̈̕░̷͍̈́͆̈́̃̚░̸͚̒̀̊͐̾͂̅░̷̱̀̾̍̎̄░̶͇̬̬̱͕̈́̀͂̾̒̚͘░̶̛̳͙̥̺̓̄̊̾͆̚░̵͈̰̤͋̾̊▒̶̡̨̨͔͍̇̃̕▒̶͎̟̲͈̮̳̏̄̂▒̷̹̦̬̱̍͒░̸͚̀̾̐̑͌̈́͝͝░̸̘̺̭̘̮̯̳̄̈́͛͌͜█̷̢͍̣̙̪̰̝̩̉̈́̽́̀͗̚͝ ̵̭͇͚͖̥͒̓̃͆̚ͅ░̴̡̟̜͓͎̫̞̈́̇̿͋̚͘̚͜░̶͕̹͆̌█̷̟͓̬̳͗͋░̸̡̟͙͔̹͝░̵̭̖̦̯́͠░̶̮͔͓̂͗̌́͂̂͒̋░̸̜͍̞͉̪̻͑̈́̾́̿̚͠░̶̥̿̇̒░̴̡̧̱̖̖͖̗͇̾̔̓͛̇̾͘▄̸̙͒̇͘͜█̴̧̆͒́͘█̶̩̟̭͈̖̬̌ͅ▀̶̼̮̮͙̞̈́̌̒́̓̒▄̶̧͈̳̱̱̩͛̍͌̓̾̓̚͜͠▄̸̺̗̗͉̻̬͒̽͜░̴̨̙͎͔̝̳̝̏̕͜░̵͔̈́̊░̸̮̗̣̮̰̦͛͜ͅ░̵̰̮̰̩̉̀░̸̨͙̳̺͘▄̷̛̞̩̫̫̦̜͔͑̋͊͝▄̶̮͚̩̜͕͈̓̈́▄̴͎͓͍̭̏̉̽͝͝░̸̢̢̹̰̓̈́̓̌̎͜░̴̛̛͕̪̊́̑͐̆͜░̶͈̫̺͖͔͈̩͛̋̒̒̿̈█̵̗̘͊͛̂͒̀͘͝ ̶̘͈̫͕̻̮̰̜̍̿░̷͖̥̦͔̳͂̾̔̉͗̓̋͜▀̶͓̞̞̝̻̽́̑̄͋͘͜▒̶̡͔̙̻͓̘̙̗̏̽̈́̔̉͘͘͝▄̴͍͓̇͗▄̵̗̦̼̥̞͈̟̽̽͐▄̸̝͙͔̎̈́͐͘▒̸̙̼͉͙̩̳̪̔͋͂͘ͅ░̶̠̣̇█̸̺͚̪͉̪͚̈́▀̸̡̣̙́▀̷̣̈̏̓́̈̂̀͝▀̵̗̆̃̓̃͋͛▀̴͇͚͙̯̙̺͖̝̈́͛̚͠▄̷̢͕̪͔͉͚̄▄̵̻̭̺͉̋█̵̛̹̝̼̰̭́͝ͅ░̵̨̣̀͌͌̍͌́͝░̷̨̧̗̦̼̝͕̩̈̓̅░̵̪̻̄̾̈́█̷̺̬̪̹̝͗̋̈́̄█̴͙̘̘̘̏̎̾̽̄̀▄̸̤̭͇̞̏̈́͐͑̀̚͠▄̴̜̟́̌̅█̷̬̟͚͙̳̳̿̓̇̏░̸͓̱̲̖̪̣̱̀░̷͉̮̪̜̼̭̬̊̈́░̶̡͇̆̓͌͋̔̾̈́͝█̸̱̮̏̂ ̸̛̞̑͂́͗̽█̵̦̱̳̮̀͐́▒̸͈͈̈́̒̀̄̿̚█̴̲̻͐̄͋▒̵̯͔̬̟̘̖̱̈́̅̈́̓▄̷̗͍̞̏̑̇̌̀̽͐░̷̙͍͖̙͕̗̼̂̽̈̍̕▀̵̲̥͓͉̯̙͕́͒̉̐͆̾͗ͅ▄̴̢̮͈͓̝̲̞̐̈́͒̉̏̊̒▄̷̨̱̘̩̗̗͔̬̃͛͊▄̷̛̘̇̎̏▀̶̨̧̹͉͙̫̼͋ͅ░̷̧̺͕̻͉̐̓̕░̷̢̳̖̹̘̖͖͐͒̍̈́̿͝░̷͙̙̻̼̠͎͗̄̓̓░̶̙̤̜̜̌͋░̸̨̮͔̗̌̑̈̐͂̈́░̸̜̑̒̀̚͠░̵͍̹͇̙̑̆̆̈́́̚̕░̷̥̠̣͖̇͜█̷̢̤̝̦̣̤͓͗̑͐̕͘͜░̶̣͕̝̪̤̀͛ͅ░̵̗̻̪̇͑̀░̶͇͗̋͋̀̊̔̚▒̴̹̈́͛̅̓̔ͅ▒̶̟̣͌͘͝▒̵̪̘̜̅͛̆̍̄̈́▒̷̝̠̤̱̬̣̄̕͝▒̴͈̹̯̟̖̍͊̔͆͘ͅ█̸̜̀̇̔̒͊̕ ̸̻̦͕̊̑̀̈́̚̕█̶̫͕̭͇̤̞̪̒͒▒̸̧̡̻̓̒̓͆͊̌̌͠█̶͉̜͗̅́̏̃̐̒ͅ░̸̨̡͕̯̥͒̽̀█̴̨̦͎̫͚͓͍͐͜▀̶̩̟̤͉͈͙͋̐̀▄̵̡̣̭͇̯̞̤̎͊̏̇̒̈́̃̕▄̸̺̝͔̗͕̥̰̎̈́́̓̋͝░̵͉̖̞̦̕░̸̢͈̯̪͚͙̑͑̀̉̃͗͘̚░̷̢̮͖̜̫͍͗̓̏̃͝ͅ░̷̧̡͎̮̯̲̞̽̓̓̅̓░̵̳̫̀̾̋͒̑█̴̢̛̣̲̞̲̣̒̈́̆̈́̀͝▀̴̧͒̂̊̈̃̈́͘͜░̷̥͕͍̦͙͍̯̗̿͛░̴̢̞̲͈̞̱̥̔̕͠░̷̣̙̩̒̇ͅ░̴̛͉̈́͛͋̕͝ͅ▀̵̘̗͎̲͓̺̘̌͋̌̒̒̚͘▄̵̧̟̞̯̠̓̔̊͐̚͠͠░̴͉̞͛̂̐̎̋͝͝░̸̪͆▄̷̗̦͝▀̵̨̛̺͓̝̬̣͊̓̏͌̈́̂̚▀̴̻̠͖̯͖͕͆̿̀̆̽̕̚͝▀̴̙͍͉̈́̽͐͊▄̶̢̧̛͕̮͖̟̣̳̀̃̇̂̐̅̈́▒̵̢̭̼̻̊̆̋̈́̒̉̚͘█̶̱̥͚̝̝̲͎̕ ̸̹̙̭̙͕̞̈͐̋̎̋░̶̡͕̻̄́̌͆█̸͇̞̺͛͂ͅ▀̸̠̦̟̯͔͔͗͊̊͆͝͝ͅ▄̴̩͉̼̩͓͉͚̀̋̓̂░̴̺̤̯̤̲͍̺͛̄̊̍͂͐̽͝█̵͔̩͆͛͊̈́̈́͗̀͌ͅ▄̶̛̤͐͂͐̀̈́░̴͖̥̽̈̔͘̕█̵̜͚̕▀̸̖͖͇͎̜̅̎́▄̴̨̢̪͕̾́͋̄͌͝▄̴̛̹̥͇̕░̴̨̥̩̮͖́͛̄̍͗͝▀̷̧̨̨̫̱̘̦̐́͋͘͜░̸̬̻̑̇́̔̔▀̴̠̥̯̠̩͙̇̂̂̈͆͝▀̴̢̱͚̥͕͓̯̗̈̇̓̓̒̕░̷̜̫͙̀̊͜▄̶̩̎͊̾̇͊▄̵̡̪͓̰̤̒̍̈͊̀̍▀̷̢̡̜̥͎̐̀̑͘͝͝░̴̣̳̭̪͈̈́̅̌͛̿̏́͝ͅ░̷̡͚̖̔͊́̓͝░̴̤̹̤̥̰̳̾̈́̏░̷͎̦̓̈́̊̓̕█̷̯̙̊̆̍̚͠░̵̥͊̈́̒̍͂͘͝ͅ░̵̰̤̯̏͋̈̉͌̂͒█̷̢̜͔̗̤̞̻͖̈́͋̈́̍͂͐́ ̴͔͇̭̙͖̺̞͂̉̀́̎͆̿͋░̵̨̗̄̒̚░̷̜̪̭̭̱̙̀̂͝█̷̛̺̰̬̀͊̇̇̚░̵̛̭̞͈̞̠̭̣̰̀͂͐░̷̦̂̈́̎̈́͒▀̷̨̖̮͕͆▄̷̯͇̼̣͕̌̾́͛▀̸͇̘͕̑͊̈̎̇̓̄̕█̵̪͑▄̵̺͉̓͒́̇̆̽͗̕▄̵̩̪͓̩͌͐̉̋͒░̶̺̦̦̏͑̌͐ͅ█̸͇̋̂͊̉̀͋ͅ▀̸̧̫̬͚̅̂͗͊̓̀▀̷̼͠▀̵̻̽͑͗́̆̍̈́▄̶̳̥͙̎̈́͐́̕̚͝▄̸̡̮̭̎̄͠▄̵͇̟̭̩̂̽͗͐▄̴̢̪͎̂̔▀̷̡̩͍̱̘̮̣̓ͅ▀̸̡̮̙͉̌̓̽█̷̼̻́̃▀̷̟͓̳̙̌̐̽͑█̷͚̮̦̄͝█̶̢͙̼̈́́͛͊͛̚░̷̼̰̠̼̲̙͂̍̓█̸̛̯̝͚̦͒̌̋͒̑͑̓ͅ ̴̣̯͚̘͔̩̃̍̽░̵̹̌̆̾̈́̊░̴̧̳̺̥̣͖̻͗̔͑̑͆̿░̶̫̆͒̇̍̐̃͊█̷̤̪̺͙̇͆░̷̡̼̯̫͙̟͉́͒̋̈́░̵̨̤̣̘̦̍̆̈́̋͛̑̕█̵̯̠̤͈̱̯͒̉̊█̵̨̞̭̠̝͔͓̤̈͊̎̄͊͝░̵̳̺̼͈̞͂̓͂͝ͅ░̶̢͚͔͇̮͓͒̑̐̎̐̕▀̸̧̻͓̺̳̪̇͂̇̅́̈́̊̀█̸͉̰͍͔̀̋̓̄̆̎▄̴̰̫́̉̃̎͒̕͝͝▄̷̝̬͎͛̈́̀̾ͅ▄̸̙͉͇̔̐͐͘̕█̴̧͖̳̭͗▄̸̨̗̮̫̼̥̥͙̀͆̈̂̃͆͑▄̵̛̻̠̖̈͛͒̾̊͊͒█̴͖̮̖͈͎̫̀́̈́̈́̉͜͠▄̶̛̙̰̅́̈́͠͠█̴̖͔̉͊̋͜͜█̶̨̗͔̦͚̫̤̔͛̆͗̍̈̈̕█̶̥̹͓̮̭̆̆͒̕█̸̡̹͕̰͓́̓͒̊̿͑͘̕░̵̡̼͇̲̤̗͉̦̇̏̑̒͝͝█̵̨̯̳̼̟̤̽͑̉͘͝ ̴̡̋̀̐͂̍͝░̵̢̳͌̇̓͆̌̇░̷̟̰̙͑░̸̟̀͒̽░̸̨̮̭̝͑̆͒̒͜█̴͕͍̾͛̄̃͂͝░̸̛̪́░̴̹͇̈̂░̸̲͎̺̞͕̌̅̏̉̾͠▀̴͕̟͙̙͇̬͓͂͘▀̴̛̙̤̟͓̮̱̬́́̓͝▄̶̨̙͎̮̓░̸̘̳̗̍̎͐̓͝͝█̶̝̩͕̳͔̥͓͑̒͗́̈̉̚░̷̨͎̠̤͍͌̿͋͆̌̐͗̚░̷̱̗͍̟̽́░̴̧͓͉͍̫͚͠█̴̨̨͖̹̲̇̂̏̍̅̓̿͜░̵̢̲̟̋͂͑̏█̵̗̩̙̥͎̑̾͐͑█̸̗̤̩̿͂̕█̶̖͍̾̏͌̽█̶͖̼̝͕͉͔̅͜█̷͚͚͎̪͛̓͆̿█̶̥̒͊̀͌̕͠͠█̸̭͊̈́͋̓̈̈́͝░̶̛͔̣̅̀̋̋̾͝͝█̷̦̹͖̱͕̺͎͕͌͐̾̅͘ ̴̬͎̖̮͔͙̯̙̓͑̂́░̴̢͕̙͈̼͈̏̃̿̔̊͛̚͝░̸͍̟͇̲̭̈́̓́̊̒̃░̸̧̧͎͙̜̹̚ͅ░̸̨̛̜̄̒̈́̓̀̚͝░̸̼͇̹̹̖̙̠́͜▀̴̧͇͍͖̪̓͛͜͝▄̵̢̳͎͍̲̝̱͠░̵̦̾░̷̲̗͇͆̉̌͛̑͋͑̕░̸̺̥͛▀̴̫̗̄̉̔͗͒́̇͝▀̸̛̫̬̑̇́͝͠▄̸͍͕̰̝̂̀̀̏̚͠ͅ▄̴̧̗̦̯̗͈̈̓̐͐̌̇̎͝▄̵̰͚̰̇̂ͅ█̴̱̪͖̤͚͔̘̎̏̀̕ͅ▄̵͇̟̪̺̩͎͕̫͂́█̴̜̜̤̤̝̅̕▄̵̲͂͜█̶̥́͊▄̴̝̓́̇̅̾̉̀̿█̴̨̧̜̫͓̿̕▄̷̦̆̋́͌̍▀̷̹͍̟̱̰̑̎͗͗́͝░̷̮̦͇̈̏́͋̈͆░̵̢̤̪͙̎͌̏̉̐͝█̸̯͈͕͙̩̻̘̻̏́͘͘ ̴̨͈̒͋̔͐͐̕̚͠░̵̢͕̹̭͖͕̥̒̓́̀░̴͚̜̈́̐̈́͐̿͝░̶̰̲̯̤̫̙̦̃̇̋͝ͅ░̷̦͗░̷̢̞͕̘̣̈͐́̚͝░̸͚̥̼͊̍̀̈́͗̏░̶̛̦͉̐▀̴̛̛̖̉͌͆͂́̚▄̷͕͊̆▄̷̨̦̲͎͙̯̕░̶̺̖͉̯͔̟͚̿͛̌▒̴̥̻͙̑̔͝▒̶͔̠͒▒̸͔̰͍̐̓̎▒̵̛̘̳̮̟̦̥̬̆͋̐̓̒░̷̘̱̣̹͆͐̽̋͜░̴̖̤͔̆̀̀̆░̷̧̡̲̪̞̋̈́̋̊̕͝░̵̯͛̐̈́░̸̡͔͈̻̳͖̞̏̀͂́̋̕░̸̛͓̃̂̓░̸͓̝̦̳͋͒͆͊͑̽͂░̷̢̗̥̳̠̗̠͒̿͑░̶̣̰̗̳̳͔̿̋͜░̶̡̛͖̬̻͓̲̀͂̀͊͊͝ͅ█̶̧̝̑̋̚ ̸̥͒͑̀̿͜͝░̷̡͓͖̺̬͙͑͜͠ͅ░̴͈̖̻̼͌͑̎͜░̴̧̭̍̈̉░̴̜̹̌̂̊̅͌̂͂░̴̭̹̳͐̊░̸̦̀̅̔̃̅ͅ░̵͎̠̥͍͎̓͊́̈́͠░̵̛̜̓͗̾́░̶͕̦͕̾̌͑̊̿̑͆͘░̷͍͈̭͚̓̑̒̊̏▀̵̮̩͈͙̤͈̘̜̄▀̷̦̝̯̪̥͓̾͒̎́̈͘▄̵̮͔̳́͐̀▄̵̖̤͈̺̒̾̌░̸̨͚̰͇̙͉̈́̀̈͊̋̈͝͝▒̵̖̩̱̖͌̾̐̓͊̎͝▒̶̛̗̮̮̞͐͋̒̓▒̷̢̡̡͎̦͉̺̠͋͗̐͌͝▒̷͕̙̿͊▒̷̝̻͚͎͎̈́▒̵̢̠͍͎̟̳̯͌͌̂̔́̀́͘ͅ▒̵̧̩͍͓̹͕̙͙͒̐̋͗̃̾̅̕▒̸͓͉̺̹̟̳̈̾̔͜͠▒̶̬͋̎̚▒̴̛̜̖͔͉͚̘̽̽͒͐̀̅̄͜░̸͚̫̼͙̦͍͖̃̇ͅ█̷̗̰̘̞͔̙̩̇͘͜ ̵̢̳͇̭͓̝̥̻̾̀̀̑͑͝░̷̙̹̬͑̆̊̾̕͠░̵͓͇̤͎̦̺̐̒̎̃̓̅̽͐͜░̸̦͉̖̭̭͍̣̼̔̈́̀͋͆̓͋░̴̨̛̥̣͓̗̂͋͘̕░̵̖͊░̷̞́͊̈̈́̉̇͠░̵̣̘̞͌͑͑̿̍͐̕͜░̷̳̈́͋░̶̢̡̝̱̩̪̒̉̃̽̿́͘░̸̨̳̞̥̩̝̯̞͂͆̆́̈́̑̍͑░̶̡͍̦̥̲̼̘̒̓̑͆̈́̑̄͒͜░̷̩̲̯̥̠̪͔͛͝░̵̧̨̺͎͚͉̩̆̾͛̾̌̿́░̶̲͖͍̯͗͊͊̈́̇͊̚̚▀̸̨̰̺̙̄̚▄̶̛̛̦͈̍̑͌̉͠▄̴̨̰͒▄̷̘͍̲͇͙̀▄̷̳͕̦̔̾̂̈́͜▄̵̺̋░̷̡̮͖͚̹̼̙̽͛͊░̶̲̠̎̀̍░̴̡͂́̈́̅░̷̡̢̮̻̻̺̖̖̍̐͋̽░̸͚̹̜̭̤̙̭̺̾̔̇͐̔̃͒█̵̢̨̛̘͔̮̺͚̀́͜
Another Great video >3   *but First AD time!*
This was a work of art.
I know a mischievous goose that partakes in bell thievery.  (the MGS2 tanker music was fitting)
Old Captain “You want to know the safe distance?” Hmm this fracker took my job... “It’s 10 feet from those jagged rocks Mario my friend!”
Cant belive you didnt make Cyberpunk video cuz it was huge fail !
I would watch a story about feet fungus just because it is told by you with your edit
The zesty vinyl empirically knot because burn fifthly chew along a organic sex. waiting, opposite john
“I mean...who steals somefuckoff bell?!”
Lmao Linus ShipTips I died
historian on the internet
At 19 minites music from hollow knight confirmed. Our historian is a man of culture
I'm sure the victim's families will be honored & find this video amusing, entertaining and delightful.
That Killer Instinct Tusk theme. Nice.
This is a crazy idea but why didn't they slow down when they noticed they were off course??
Italian Excellence
Man, you make some of the best documentaries i have ever seen.  The right balance between humor and fakts. And the probably best ads there are.
what's the thing with 18°18'00.0"N 64°49'30.0"W (Little Saint James)?? is this where  the helmsman jacob rusli bin is hiding?? :D
How is it possible to have such a bad and unexperienced crew with no synergy on the ship this big, wasn't there some kind of control or check up before they set sail??? jus how ??? xD
And to think this all could have been avoided if being a cock to people living on coastlines wasn't industry standard.
Linus *Ship* Tips
Oi, Internet Historian, where are the hidden channels?
Internet comment etiquette has sure gotten weird lately
Nice a new video! I guess we can expect for another one in August?
I guess you can call that ad film noir'd.
I need 17:38 as my message notification
Very good kept my semester a bit more joyful!
I'm genuinely waiting for a shadow man, nord detective advert movie. Or at least a compilation of every advert you've done for them and the honey guy as well. You might be the only youtuber link I've ever used
So basically the helms man cuced up and the ship chrashed.
╭━━━━━━━╮ ┃　　● ══　 █ ┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃█ ur adopted. █┃ ┃█ -Mom&Dad █┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃██████████┃ ┃　　　○　　　 ┃ ╰━━━━━━━╯
I canny wait till he does GME stonks.
This YouTube video is legitimately one of the greatest things I have seen in my entire life
These documentaries are nothing more than watching Historian’s gradual increase in editing skills.
BOJLER ELADÓ
Madman actually made Spaghetti for the video.
8:46 not the spaghet! D:
Dude look at these comments. The Internet Historian is a freaking LEGEND.
Those Sims 4 characters...really made me sweat a little bit. Expected Jim Pickens to show up any moment :D
Your choice in music is great! How can you use music from Halo tho?😂without a demonetization or sumn
Ah yes it's the fault of communism that Hungary, which left the USSR in 1989 and today is governed by the far right, hasn't got laws on insurance fraud. Someone in Eastern Europe stubs their toe on a desk and smug westerners will be there to blame communism for making such hard desks
proving corporate power has reached such heights of unaccountability .
Wouldn't this be an example of overspeed? When you're going to fast to make accurate turns?  6:50
No one is going to convince me that Dimitri isn't a white haired Markiplier 😂😂😂
Damn good on that deputy mayor holy shit
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" MS Estonia was a cruise ferry, so maybe that's a distinction, but the Costa Concordia doesn't even compare. 852 confirmed deaths under very, let's say, mysterious circumstances
"you are not allowed to make a film movie" girl we sideways wtf do you want
"who say you are allow"
God I love your videos! Please never stop! I hope you can start hiring people to help you so we can get more awesome content!!
One thing I have learned from history is  that luxury boats are stupid
I ONLY want 45+ minute videos from Internet Historian.
This is art
That Nord VPN segue was beautiful
idk why he doesn't have 10M subs
this story is like a metaphor for the USA and western civilization in general lol.
Can this comment get more likes than the people who get free verified likes?
The Titanic “ah” scene @ 46:01 made this video complete (the sis and I died)
Internet historian , maybe look into the Estonia ship to do a doc ?
The reasons for the crush of the concordia  1-Incompetent crew  2..........wait thats it
The editing here is insane, I've found a new channel to binge on!
I am italian myself and i still remember that exact same Tg 5 clip...
Attention whores will always be attention whores.
i was actually on that ship like 2 months before it sank. Still have the passenger card and a selfie with the captain from gala night :D
woptanic
This is more italian then pizza and spaghetti combined
first typo iv ever noticed in any of the vids is 4:05 "he essentially came up the the idea" looool
i love the looting section,   that Camo skin loot box was top notch 25:35
Why is no one talking about De falco, he's a modern guy hero
Linus shiptips 😆😆😆😆😆
Fuck rich people
As an editor I’m beyond impressed. How long did this video take you? I can’t imagine the amount of keyframes this would take. How do you organize all the pngs? I’m blown away.
What a great video about garbage people. Good job my brother.
Wow deputy mayor was a chad
Vada a bordo cazzo!
Finally... Daddy is back. 😩
I thought my Silksong hype was reaching unhealthy levels when I  started hearing Hollow Knight ost in the background, but he was truly using them in the video.
Linus sea tips
The linus techtips intro totally threw me off
everything that could've gone wrong. When wrong.
Excellent work on this one. Great ad too
Linus ShipTips and music legit confused my brain and took me by surprise :D
Episode on the Hall of Costs meme when
Titanic 2.0?
"it even has a watermark" god dammit
I see. Titanic theme... foreshadowing
That captain's past is just another proof how rich and influential people can fail upwards and feel no consequences. Imagine screwing up some massive project where you work or dream working at. Not like "I spilled some lukewarm coffee on my boss" screwing up, "the whole building had to be evacuated, everything was on fire, it was in national news for days." You probably wouldn't be working there anymore and you certainly wouldn't be left in charge of something even more massive. But when you got connections or capital, you will. Take Phil Harris for example. He was more or less responsible for failed launch of PS3, same thing with Xbox One and yet folks at Google thought he was right guy to lead the launch of Stadia. And just like him, this guy was thought to be the right person to steer over this massive. As if there would have been no better person for the job who hadn't caused two massive accidents before.
So the captain, the person who didn’t fire him 2-4 years earlier, the no film allowed person, the magician, and most importantly, the person who put latches on the outside of that magic trick box all need to die.
what a waste of pasta
I’m a former Costa Cruises crew and Schettino was my captain for 2 contracts including the incident of Costa Atlantica on Warnemunde, Germany i was onboard that time and when this happened to Concordia i was onboard to its sister ship Serena and we’re just cruising the opposite route to Concordia and we are watching on the news it as the moments unfold before our eyes. These officers act like “GODS” onboard, since most of them are Italian and the ship carries their flag. They bang anyone on the ship, Passengers, crew members, Dancers you name it so Schettino being with her mistress is a no shocker. Sometimes some of her mistress are being picked up mid cruise somewhere. But acting like rockstars onboard we knew those officers are only for show, they’re all cowards. With all those fancy suits and walking around the ship chin up and by the time they are needed they are the one who abandoned ship first.
I love the Halo 3 OST you added.
And all that to honk at an island full of people who don't even care you're there. Amazing.
38:30 is one of my favorite scenes
This is like a Full parody Movie with an NordVPN ad (so like your watching TV )
Best Nord ad yet.
Please do a story on GME 😂
i wish i got a ticket for this as a gift, id really love free 11k euros
That capitain is a fucking joke.
Incredible video as always and the Linus Ship tips had me dying.
you really went OVEBOARD while editing and i love you for it.
I'm so sorry you had to sit through that much Drama Alert for that joke around 30:15.  Worth it!
The opening music is a Titanic remix 🤣
The amount of work that must have gone into this...
"Just one question. What if you miss??"
You mean the 1,499 sheets that hadn't been slept in. That Korean couple counts as 1 pair of sheets confirmed slept in.
The sheer use of the Halo soundtrack here is oddly fitting. You make it work really well. I also heard the Dead Island soundtrack in there.
Like the halo music there in the middle
Which track has the panicked piano?
"Her presence distracted the captain" Jesus fucking Christ, no wonder she got into womens rights after that.
S p i c y
The dislikes are Costa Lawyers
I think this is your best video yet. I've watched this like 6 times ALREADY. Excellent work king
And down we go the Interweb’s rabbit hole
Thanks for butchering every single non-English name and word :P Well done on the video, though, great work!
Halo music is the patricians choice for music for a documentary.
best advertising (nord vpn) that iv seen
that linus shiptips joke was incredible
i like the longer vids
That’s a genre not a channel.
Skullgirls soundtrack? A man of taste my friend.
this channel is amazing at giving the most hard burns without directly insulting anyone
38:29 That part just killed me. Brilliant bad editing.
As Internet Historian once said: "Daddy is coming home, and he's smelling of onions."
Let me introduce you to the ground.
why does the captain look like Bashar Al-Assad
Kid Icarus AND Skullgirls? Stellar music selection as always, Mr. Historian
You probably could be describe a Papal conclave in interesting and funny way.
I WANT MORE! IVE BINGED ALL THE VIDEOS, I WANT MORE! I NEVER WANT TO STOP WATCHING! GIVE ME MOAAAR!
Lol the captains name sounds like the russian word skatina, which means like bastard or animal  A real coward.
This is the funniest editing I've ever seen 😂😂😂😂😂
OMG Linus ship tips? You get like and comment for the make happy of algorithm to feed your many children who's deft hands made this fascinating and entertaining documentary!
The ship photoshopped on people falling gets me everytime
What did we learn: counterflooding matters
Great video.
The hallow knight ost used here makes me super happy. Hornet's theme is so good
linus ship tips XD
Ah yes, _"Vada a boodo caaso"_  Don't worry, we're used to it fam
nice  !
That helmsman was like I ain’t dealing with this fam
That Keemstar bit was so damn good
When the captain was told to "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" you should have have the captain say "Sorry i can't hear you. i'm going into a tunnel now."
As soon as the hollow knight music started playing, I just couldn't focus on the story
The third comment on dominicas cockpit photo on (31:45) instagram, translates to "Run away from there". I find that hilarious.
"Rustly bin" lol  btw, for the sake of accuracy, "cazzo" means "dick", as in "peniswillydongcock",  and is pronounced "cat-so", like "fatso". So he was saying, "get back on board, DICKHEAD!"  Learning is fun!
Wat is a "White Party"?
What about the people who died?
also that payday 2 music
Linus Ship Tips omg xD that caught me off guard.
Looking for the deets? I see what you did there, can't wait for that video lmao
lets thank paymoneywubby for bringing a bunch of us here lol. the 24 hr stream featured several interner historian vids. so good they are
How is January 13, 2012 the 100th year anniversary of April 14/15, 1912 ? 🤦🏾‍♂️ 🤷🏾‍♂️
Whats the music starting 24.11?
For me, u are the best Channel on Youtube. I was so happy when i saw there is a new Video. <3
Good thing most people not on the ship, and at least some people on the ship were doing a good job. Too bad none of those people were in a position to prevent this entire thing from happening in the first place.
I was legitimately a little worried about a video about a tragic and recent event but I'm glad to admit I was wrong and will admit it, it was awesome, fun and not at all disrespectful... I loved it, Bravo
Thank you so much for making this. It is such an emotional, tragic story. Imagine being disabled, wheelchair bound, elderly, and unable to climb down the rope. You were stuck there to perish.
Brilliant as always..
Not the MIDI titanic music ✌😔
He’s just one step away from making a budget movie
Such a good video
Wait what are the hidden channels
Got damn that Halo 3 music hit HARD
The hiring decisions are just... unbelievable
Of all the people who ran away and got away of course it was an Indonesian
I like this!👍
Just wanna commend the chief engineer and his crew, they are true heroes.
Reeeeally going extra hard on the whole “hide your pain Harold” motif are we?
1.7k of Captain's mistresses disliked...
of fucking course a woman is involved
Does anybody know the exact song playing through most of the crash replay?
Diversity is our strength
Only 16 years? He killed dozens of people!
how many threads counts of it beds sheets
A shame about the lost spaghettis.
The halo part was my favorite❤️
Took me a minute to realize he was using Sims.
Jacob is my spirit animal
Not even close to being the worst ship accident since Titanic, ever heard of estonia?
The best video ever!
Let this man make documentaries.
Rai (Radio e Audiovisione Italiana) is not a magazine, it's the State Media of italy. That Journalist is of Rai's News.
10:10 .. LMAO 😂😂
Schettino is the embodiment of stereotypical Italian
Small correction: RAI's not a magazine, it's the equivalent of PBS in the USA or the BBC in the UK. It's the State's tv station.
Your comedic delivery is top notch.
The fact that De Falco said that he'd cause Francesco a 'Boatload' of trouble just proves that he's a legend.
"Is it still fludded?" Schettino ~2013
You need to do one about the ship Estonia! So mush shady corruption going on and military secrets!
Damn I never thought this story was so anxiety-inducing and frustrating
As an Indonesian i can safely say that Rusli Bin might not be his real name. Usually people use Bin to indicates his dad name and not use it as surname.
31:50 “lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità “ is the new “oh god not again”
bro this is acctually reall epic omg xD
Halo music at 22:44?
Crazy how bad some of the quality of video footage from as early as a decade ago is so rubbish
What a great videoooOOoOO. I love it Internet Historian 😘😘😘😘
You know what they say: Loose lips sink ships, tight lips sink ships anyway and puts lives in danger.
13 brings luck in italian culture, unlike 17 because it reads like "after life" in latin.
Cruise shipping when  started to recover from the Concordia accident covid hit it
ahh complacency, the silent killer
spicy
Does anyone know the secret channels?
Very detail rich. I learned a lot.
Carnival is full of shit
Thank you for doing this report
The amount of corner cutting for stupidity in all sorts of egotistical "management"...  Amazing vid
No more 45 minute videos? Aaaaw, I loved these joke filled in depth videos you make.
One of the best videos I've ever seen
This fucking bullshit....you know between shit like this, which SURELY happens a HELL of a lot more than any of us likely realize, cuz I was 17/18 years old when this shit happened, paid quite a lot of attention to world, national, & local news, and I don't remember hearing about this so either it wasn't widely reported here in the US or it was, but not to a memorable degree...  Anyway, between shit like this and the MASSIVE _MASSIVE_ amount of environmental damage these fucking things cause - and they cause quite a damn bit - which is something that the COVID crisis has kind of brought to light by sheer virtue of how much less ocean pollution was incurred in 2020 vs previous years this century simply due to the sudden near-total lack of these massive oceanic monstrosities floating & faffing all about out there, being helmed by dickheads like this...  ...between this and that, these fucking things _need_ to be decommissioned, dismantled, and be sent the way of the ærozeppelin - the luxury blimp.
Zapp Brannigan irl
missed you big man <3
I love the Hollow Knight music in the background.
your accent is getting more and more Australian. One of us one of us
Amazing ad. He's with  internet critique for the best ad ever
I lost my shit at Linus ShipTIps, fucking genius
"with my psychological brain". Obviosuly she couldnt with the real one
And just like that. Uv gained a subscriber with ur inchresting editing style best described az autistic 👏
@15:00 thank goodness for meddling mothers , if she hadn’t made that call these asshats piloting the ship would never have called for help 😂
"who steals a big fuck off bell?" people who have ba dneighours
JOE BIDEN = captain of the ship U.S.A. = CONCORDIA  now that is an interesting IDEA...
I need a vid about CHAZ XD
As a Hungarian, I died when he tried saying Zsolt Horvath
Wow Judge Rinder
he was finally incel????
Is this the most expensive completely avoidable mistake to ever happen?
I thought this was gonna be a bannerlord shit post , my bad .
this is like a well put together shitpost
This whole thing sounds like a Mel brooks movie.
Your production value increases with every video, great job
Ok ill watch it stupid algorithm. Everytime this thumbnail pops up, and i see that imaculate spaghettie and tomato sauce in the bottom right corner, with a slight dap of parmesean cheese, i get so hungry. And i just ate as well. Stop putting food in your thumbnail!!1
"ahh the...gym.."
All of your content is fucking genius. ive never skipped one of your ads and i never will. I watch a fuck ton of youtube and everyone else’s ads blow ass lol
Major props to our girl Mother Nature who literally blew the big-ass cruiser back towards shore where they can have ground support as opposed to letting it go further out into sea, where fuck-all could rescue everyone. People lucked out hard.
this has the be the best video you've made yet
That clock being thrown into the sea was literally one of the best movie references I have ever seen! xD
Pyro steals internet historians ads  Internrt historian steals pyros breaking bad jokes
This video is unironically one of the best video I have ever seen.  -Informative and education while being hilarious with well timed humour. -Making us understanding how scummy the captain really is. -Fantastic editing that comes in a natural way. -And the families getting justice makes this video even more sweeter.  I love it very much.
As an italian i can confirm everything  Great vid by the way
nice story
My sentence will go on! - Captain Cazzo  Also a fun fact the Italian authorities relocated 200 rare clams fearing they would be damaged by the salvaging operation.
the ltt intro scared the shit out of me
"The Deets" Glad to see Cyberpunk had some kind of contribution to IH.
I remember curbing my Trans am trying to show off for a girl. I didn't kill 32 people though. Scale is everything.
The first 15 minutes or so have got to be the most nerve racking piece of Youtube content I've watched in a long time. Holy shit that was dramatic and scary.
New video in ehr a 100 years ?    Thank you :)
the only eds that I replay on youtube.
As a sailor on an Ocean going vessel The Captain is an Idiot.
Metal Gear Solid 2 Tanker incident music playing in the background really makes it even better lol 16:45
The phobic sampan consequentially recognise because great-grandmother booly kiss at a godly instrument. bizarre, screeching piano
The deets at the bottom of the spaghet got me fucking good
After watching this a few times I realized the captain never issued a “brace for impact” call, even to the helm, his ego is the villain
DUDE YOU ARE AWESOME!
utilising your trolling talent to make some insane content
Titanic 2
Incredible video, reminded me of all the shame we all felt during the whole thing. Very, very well done.
Bojler eladó
nice Halo music lol
10:15 you can here him trying to hold his laughter in hahaha so genuine
Hello, it's me again. I'm making a second post just to clarify a second thing, which is the reason behind the theft of the bell.    The reason is actually incredibly simple: it was made out of gold.  "Who steals a big fuck-off bell?" Someone that knows how valuable that thing is.
Terrifying!
I know these 45+ min videos take a long time to make and a lot of effort but we love them. Here's a comprimise, how about you make multiple episodes of 15-20 min vids instead of long 45-50mins? You've done it for The Varus.
Well at least most people managed to survive.
Holy crap. If they make a movie about this, they will be almost none of it regarding the night of the sinking whatsoever.
I guess it costa lot of money
These music choices!  Splintercell, Dead Island, Payday, Halo and Goosebumps theme tune!
Was just waiting for the beat drop
Aren’t those sims characters? 😂
40:00 Chad
This is a fucking masterpiece!
Mr Historian you have exceeded expectations once again sharing this epic video which was enjoyed whilst using Nord VPN. Thank  you for your efforts. By the way, have you heard of Raid Shadow Legends?
over 500mil but can't afford a helmsman who can understand english to a minimum essential degree, greedy investors and whatnot deserved this happening.
Noticed the Hollow Knight music at 19:10 and it pleased me   Wish I could like the video more than once
31:00 I hate bri'ish people
This is the only youtube channel where I watch the ads.
You're awesome, you know that?
As italian i can tell its a perfect description
Damn you brilliant fcker, i did not notice the vpn add at first and thought its part of the vid.
is this seriously what you've been working on instead of doing the cyberpunk video?
I've been on a cruise
40:15 shit, that's exactly the italian parliament!
He was from Indonesian and can't speak English too well.  Me who just read article about  748 of native language indonesian, and also a indonesian who know about one of my people weakness, was international language.  Me: yup he fvck up Also me after watching until end "LMAO bye😂😂😂"
Can anyone tell me why I just spent a large part of my Sunday morning watching all of this
You can translate "Le verità sommerse" the title of Schettino's book as "The truth under the water", but it's kinda wierd, a more adapt title would be "The hidded truth", cause "Sommerso" in Italian  means "Under the water" or "hidden under something", it's a pun
30:42 This lady has speech idiosyncrasies like fucking Chris Chan
A video about the Sewol Ferry would be interesting
These videos have no right being this good
So you're telling me they build a ship for 570 Million Dollars, but then they hire a complete layman who can't even really talk to the rest of the crew to steer the whole thing? ggwp!
o7
Divinity 2 music? Excellent game
It's absolutely insane how high the quality of every video is, the animations are amazing.
The Hollow Knight music really ties the whole thing together.
This pairs well with the WTYP episode on the Costa Concordia.
Just for this beautiful ad, I gonna get me NordVPN with /internethistorian. So much effort must be rewarded! I love you <3
There's NOTHING wrong with 45 min videos when they're this good! It's seems a bit more thorough, and I LIKE IT!
this makes me so proud to be italian
I love reacting dramatically to historians twists and other commentary.
25:23 oh god, that one caught me so off-guard.
I was literally on the edge of my sit watching this... and I ran out of peanuts 🥲
Ok
Let me just check on her Insta- OH GOD NOT AGAIN"
I'm italian and this is the most accurate thing i saw on this tragedy, aside from ed tim not very accurate.
There’s something Leslie Knope about the captains mistress when she’s saying she “died for the second time”
id rather pay for this than Discovery Channel
That was so good.
absolute gold from start to finish
25:18 I love the high quality production xD
god bless you for your work my friend, many thanks.
Imagine being so arrogant that you killed people and destroyed a ship
Seriously? Hollow Knight OST? Bruh that killed the mood xD
Ads that im ok to watch
Awesome Video. Merch when?
Hope Historian drops a Gamestop vid one day
1 video in 5 months gg
32 people dead ⁉️⁉️ Wait wtf  How did they let this dude who was responsible for 2 wrecked ships before  And people who aren't able to control a ship ?!  How did this happen ‼️
lol why not just slow down
B A S E D
So where are these secret channels?
the first time i checked how long this fucking video is, i was 40 mins in.
Is it bad the first thing I thought of when it crashed was the shit you could steal? It just seems like a goldmine for everything listed :/
Pisses me off that people can be given jobs in countries where they don't speak the language at a native level. It's not racism you cretinous leftwing fuckwits, it's for safety.
The Linus Tech Tips rip was amazing
The loot box underside almost looked like a greek tetra gamadion for a split second, did anyone else perchance see what i see, or is this just a freudian slip?
2:10 Is that some animation? Nice!
Truly a masterpiece.
Everyone giving shit to the captain when the helmsman fucked up completely every attempt the captain was doing to avoid this disaster
Please create more in this series, like, historical collossal fuckups the series? I'd watch the shit out of it :D
The editing for this
This dude is already on my list of "cowardly trash captains", right under the captain and staff of the MV Sewol.
I just don't understand how people got around the ship while it was almost completely horizontal?
Can't wait for the cyberpunk episode
Lol as I’m changing my location all because of YouTube ad break (9:04)
This is why I vehemently detest cruises. They’re pointless, superfluous, floating shopping malls that are death traps. Why are they even a thing?!
Litterally every italian media talked about this for over a year after it happened. It's interesting to see an outside perspective
How is it no one is commenting about the band playing "my heart will go on", while the ship was sinking...  Those musicians where doing some god level trolling there...
31:15  *angry Italian words*
Arató András
42:05
Damn that was 8 years ago already? $%^#! It felt like 2-3 years ago.
15:15  Me Daughter
Has anyone found Internet Historian's secret channels?
Wouldn't surprise me if the captain couldn't swim.
Schettino torni a bordo cazzo
Good video
A highschooler was more qualified than those boneheads
The captain really deserves his prison sentence. Maybe even more. Fucking guy.
I hope me makes a vid on cyberpunk
Not even lying the halo 2 flood music had me scared all of a sudden
I love these longer video's!
This video is painfully italian from start to finish
I misheard the: Dump it. Line with Dung Pit :D Still pretty fitting i guess.
2:05 I thought MS Estonia was the worst since titanic? Something like 800 fatalities? What may have been a cover-up by the governments of Europe? That would be a good episode in the future, actually.
I've watched this from beginning to end 3 separate times now. And youtube is still recommending it to me.  And I'm not complaining.
*Spicy*
Spicy
Even the repeating gag for each transition had me laughing.
Falco who ripped Schittino is the Man of All Men.
Non importa che sia satirico , raccontare una cosa del genere in questo modo fa schifo
The lady in the box freaking out made me laugh... these are always great
IT WAS AN EXPENSIVE MISTAKE
Pietro Mele huh? Well, ain’t that a kick in the head.
I could do without the 'muh mainstream media is bad' and 'haha women's rights aren't important' jokes.
Now, for real The quality of this documentary is astounding and I can't believe that this content is available for free on YouTube Thank you, Internet Historian, you are a diamond in this platform.
Aaaaand this is one of the many many reasons why I will never ever be on a cruise in my life.
linus ship tips  xd
Internet historian is the best creator on this trash site
this is why im never going on a fucking boat
top 10 content on YouTube
I like the longer videos though :(
I just shared this with my boyfriend and he LOVED IT!!
Bro, i think this is a movie
One word: Spicy
f
24:40 big time Bioshock/Rapture vibes in this section.
Did you.. did you make a whole pot of spaghetti for a visual gag?
I appreciate the payday 2 music 👌
The best ship is the Venator Class Destroyers. Change My Mind
Oh the spaghettis. Oh the spaghetti
guess ill be rewatching this for the next few months til who knows when we'll get a new one
all because some immigrant didnt know enough english
idk dude but playing "my heart will go on" in a cruise ship will probably only scare the crap out of people
19:09 hornet's theme from hollow knight
love the halo soundtrack!
3.7 mill views in 4 days. Very noice, IH. If you had made the educational videos for my school years I probably would be smrter.  :)
How in the hell have only just found this channel now... this was great...... Spicy LOL
Am I the only one that would totally go for a big fuck off bell?
6:46 underskim? what did he say?
HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC
In case anyone’s wondering.   There’s this channel, incognito mode, live, green screens, story mode, and I think he’s also restricted xcess but not sure.
You deserve more loot for your nord add reads
Fantastic video. Enjoyed every second. 100/10 good sir
where is the bioshock comments?
My dude, Well fucking done.  This was entertaining as hell.
Jacob just put pro gamer move right there.
Did I hear the MGS2 Tanker alert theme in this? Nice touch!
I love the use of the alert music from the SHIP LEVEL of Chaos Theory
You callin' in De Falco???
This is art.
Man, i love your videos.
Instead of Concordia it was Discordia.
damn 24:10 really gives me the feels. That music combined with the visuals really gives me the feeling of "looking for something you've lost".
Anyone know that tune at 40:28??
But I like these long videos!
All the extra graphics, noises, and side-bars were a bit much. Those things should enhance the viewing experience not distract from it.
Please make moving mouths
I Love Linus ShipTips!
“there they are - the DEETS”
ily
Lesson learned: don’t let Italians get on ships
Glad to hear those italian lessons on duolingo finally paying off.
Gotta appreciate the Halo music
3.7 mil views in in 4 days amazing
One addendum; De Falco was expelled from the Five Star party in late 2018, presumably because he opposed League-sponsored legislation aimed at restricting refugees and migrants; after all, the man had spent much of his past career rescuing said refugees and migrants. He’s still in office, but as an independent nowadays,
oh boy i cant wait for a day of fun on January 13, 2012 aboard the cruise ship, the Costa Concordia
the music that plays at 40:25 is what?
Wait. Internet Historian pirated windows? I saw the activate windows notification in the bottom right in the escalator scene.
Love all the halo music 👍
I’ve been watching Internet Historian ever since he made the battletoads video
Schettino is literally Michael Scott
"The situation is under control, please remain calm, we are merely sinking from a fifty meter gash"
What a perfect sign, checklist format and all. Lie to protect yourself Interfere with rescue Vindicate self Evacuate first
lmao didn't expect hornet music
My running monologue watching this video: fuck! get me off this ship. Fuck. FUUUCK fuuuuuuuuuuuck.  WOW!!!  My God!!! Note to self, Never set foot on a cruise ship ever.  Also fuck them, all of them! But especially that guy!
Bogged again.
That first announcement basically killed those 30+ people.
I've watched this video like 3 times in the past 5 days.
You know, if Hollywood ever makes a movie about the Costa Concordia, I think Steve Carell could play the Captain...
Your videos are such a treat they are worth the wait.
Fucking Helmsman ran away. Bedebah.
would rather get my news 8 years late and it be this, rather than the fucking depressing BBC
I like how he uses sims characters for the people
Why no more 45 minute videos :(
His ads are more interesting and well done than most YouTube videos
Big Smoke said it best I think, “all we had to do was follow the damn coastline at a safe distance, Francesco Schettino!”
I got vibes of the aftermath of the black mesa incident video when i saw the 'people still onboard' counter with the time-lapse for some reason
Why are you treating this tragedy like a cartoon?
32 people. There are 32 people who are dead because of this travesty. 32 people paid over 10 thousand dollars and then died because of this man.
I must really appreciate how much effort you put into that perfect spaghetti all to ruin it for a Deets joke.
This is just as intense as titanic because of how internet historian tells the story, he really has an amazing story telling skills.
Every video with this guy, a work of art!
Anyone else think this should be considered for journalism rewards? Like, god damn this is good content and it got me to look into shit myself.
bruh you had me sweatin about that girl in a box. The way you told the story made me think she was gonna be a bigger part of the story.
"who steals a big fuckoff bell?" inb4 internet historian was the one who stole the big fuckoff bell
*puts out cigarette on laptop keyboard*
Internet historian should be PM
35:17 ahh too bad he doesn't stream anymore
man like me, never really learned how to stop...
The Shiptips intro killed me 😂😂
I didn't know about the helmsman situation. Seems like the Captain should have doubled down on that defense and try to pin the blame on corporate for giving him crew who couldn't hardly understand what he was saying
Did they really play the song?  Lol
I like the 30-45 min videos
Seeing that bell get dragged across the deck, all i was waiting for was the tiny little "oops" and you did not disappoint. Bless you
This  has to be the best thing on the internet.
I know he said more 40+ minute videos but by god, they are more than worth the wait.
i like the 45 minutes videos though :( though I suppose there's only so many topics that have that much to uncover. great video!
internet historian this early in the year this world is insane
Aviation details for nerds: the “slow Augusta Bell” is an AB412, a twin engined, four bladed rotor, license built derivative of the famous Vietnam era Uh-1 “Huey.” The 412 is the “final form” of the civilian B212 twin Huey line. The “faster” helicopter using the Nemo 1 Call sign was an Augusta Westland AW139, a truly 21st century design and one of the most capable medium lift transports in service. Most of thee Helos depicted in this video are the Anglo-Italian AW139. The AB412 can be seen earlier in the background shining it’s search light. The heli that came to “take the package” is a Sikorsky S-61 Sea. King, which Augusta license built. At 40:10 we see an Italian navy NH-90. Shouts out to IH for using actual Italian coast guard helo photos
I remember when this happened, it was at the apex of my Titanic fascination phase. Thanks for the nostalgia vibes bro
This needs to be a movie.
angry indonesian coming, wkk
Did anyone else hope this was about the game Concordia?
great vid (:
Nice use of some of Halo's music
Hᴏᴡ ᴅɪᴅ ᴡᴇ ɢᴇᴛ ʜᴇʀᴇ??
Wait... This isn't meaningless internet history I could actually learn something about this!
Do more stories of boats crashing or stuff in that vein whatever.
dude, Linus ship tips nearly killed me!
The Concordia it’s full of Discordia
"Let's try rolling, that's a good trick!" -Capt. Frank (probably)
How the f did that guy become a Captain?!
Italians are such an enigma.
This was a beautiful video 10/10
This was an amazing video. Thank you, Internet Historian. :)
There's a life lesson in this, if you don't know what you're doing... Don't do it. Better keep being nothing than being a murderer because of your incompetence.
we want more funny meme
extremely well made video
Ngl, I like these long video's. Lets me just relax. Plus they're great quality.
Love the Halo themes :)
Why does it sound that it was tried to be blamed on the kid at the wheel
Oh god so much greatness in that ship why did you have to fuck it up with all these humans
All those people died cause someone could not do a prank right.
Christ, easily one of the best videos I've ever had the pleasure of watching.
I'd like to think that all italians drive ferraris
I got my ships mixed up, I thought this was the other ship that lost power and went adrift at sea and had people sleeping on the deck due to the heat below and started to have sewage run down the walls before they air lifted people out...which was still a shit show to be honest.
I remember seeing this live.
The pastoral parallelogram usually found because help consequently care without a handsomely tabletop. malicious, best grandson
XD at 23:00 when halos a walk in the woods comes on
The editing is insane
Your videos are undoubtedly great, but this one was a bit off. I wasn't aware of the life lost, so when I learned of that the video just kind of left a sour taste and took a dark turn, what with you also making sponsorship money from this.   Just acknowledging those lives lost in a passing sentence didn't feel enough considering how much you put into the jokes.  Regardless, I don't think many will agree with me, by looking at the usual generic 'notice me' comments, but worth pointing this out.
23:57 the halo music hits hard here. Good scoring for this scene.
this is actually pretty amazing, the characters and scene fit so well even though they're literally stock footage/etc
What are his other channels people?
Damn, came for the memes, stayed for the feels. Also everything I know about cruise ships comes from this video.
For a channel being called "Internet Historian" actual history suits you much better, great video.
It's crazy that the helmsman just got away with disappearing though. While the gross incompetency of the captain after the crash overshadows the situation, jacob rusli bin should not have been at that wheel.
Bro, *smfh* your advertiser promotions have got tobe THE best on Youtube 😄.  Loved the over-dramatic detective noir theme this time, lol 😆.
Wait, isn't this the dude who made all those Salvia trip videos?
30:43
Jesus that was so much stupid
This is awesome. My friend's dad worked for Crowley, the clean up crew of this shit show, and gave a run down of that for career day. Interesting to hear the story.
If only he knew how to drift
How you fit a casino into a boat like wtf
the noise when he dropped the bell into the water lmaooo
“Linus ShipTips” 💀💀💀
I just want to know 1 thing, is that spaghetti clip yours? Did you seriously cook all that spaghetti for that joke?
This is the definition of trying to cheap out on personel and hiring ppl clearly not fit for the job. Yikes
First video I’ve seen from this channel and I’m absolutely loving it
Nice video
the mgs music fits so well
Far the ship now looks like a prop from an Apocalypse movie for how long it's been abandoned.
24:04 forgot the Estonia?
Despite being made by a right wing twat this is still an entertainimg video
titanic 2
god that's horrifying
I love the halo soundtrack
That thumbnail is creepy af
Bruh this captain is a loser
Y are only 2 compartments used to power an entire ship? Wouldn't it make more sense to spread the motors throughout the ship instead of right next to each other?
aww i somewhat like these long and fleshed-out videos... it's like an event whenever a new one comes out
I know that the captain just ditched everyone but I think you got give him some credit. He would have probably just barely missed the rocks if there wasn't a language barrier
26:22 Who indeed😂
19:08 HOLLOW KNIGHT BABY, HORNET ENTERS THE SCENE AND TELLS THE CAPTAIN "GIT GUT" 21:19
*_THE NUMBER OF LIKES IS NOT COMMENSURATE TO THE NUMBER OF VIEWS_*
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
i remember in jan 2013 me and my family were in giglio and were gonna go see the ship while it was abandoned but we missed the last boat of the day. now i wish we went to see it
Fall of Envy ftw ^_^
*plates slide around on the floor* “Ah, yes. An electrical problem.”
this guy simped so hard he crashed a ship. nice
24:19 this background music sounds familiar, is the from the halo legends or the hulk 2003?
I love how his video lengths have progressively been getting longer
I'm never going to be able to eat a bowl of spaghetti again and start laughing when I get to the bottom.
Love the work. Sad to see there won't be any more long-form vids. They've been my faves so far.
These long vids are just soooo good
How many IQ points do you think it takes to be a better crew other than that guy physically hacking the gennies on a sinking ship filling with water and then shutting them down at the right moment to keep the lights on as long as possible?
Hey, IH - I don’t know if you’ll be able to see this comment or if it’ll get buried under all the others, but I want to take a minute to congratulate you on this video and tell you how much I appreciate the effort you put into it. This was an infuriatingly unnecessary tragedy borne of negligence and complacency, and it couldn’t have been easy to talk about. And yet you somehow found a way to not only remain respectful and tasteful, but you did so while sticking to your unique brand of comedy and memeiness. And of course, you laid out all the facts in an easy to consume and easy to understand fashion.  You and your crew put a lot of hard work into this and though I’ll be sad to see the forty minute content leave, I eagerly await the rest of your work. You did a fantastic job. Thank you for what you do.
The total cost of Concordia is about $2,570,000,000 33 lives And one sleepy Korean couple. You're welcome.
Oh, something about my country, I wonder what delightful stuff caugh IH's atten-
this is more insightful than anything dicovery channel has to offer
This isn't an internet story
This channel is on the opposite trajectory that knowledge hub is on
Dude I’ve missed you
Well I accidentally sat through this video didn't realize how long it wasit's amazing how good storytelling can draw you in
Sound of that bell hitting the water at the end gets me every damn time! Love your work sir. Every video is pure art right down to the ads! I haven't looked forward to an ad break since the mid 90s "Big Game" ads!
LMAOXD
I just imagine him searching memes of people bumping into stuff Loooll
When ut vids r getting more views consistently than u have subs u kno its a good channel
Amazing
"i died again today" 33 people ACTUALLY DIED cemortan!!!! oh my GOD
Hearing about the horrible failures of others is somehow comforting to me.
>olive oil and pasta flying over the bridge  my fucking sides
This...is your masterpiece
One of the best parts of this is how you've made sure to focus on the response of the coastguard and stuff. Those guys did their god damndest to deal with this absolute fuckup
The edits and structure of your video warms my heart.
The clip of the man walking into a concrete pole is 250m from where i grew up! Had to do a double take. Small world! Shoutouts from Canada.
why didn't some of the passengers on the ship not bathe or shower while aboard? they wanted to wash up on the beach in Tuscany.
Internet historian doesn’t upload much but when he does it’s like a main event holy shit
This channel is such a treasure
Please make a jesus chatlime video
5:36 Jeffrey on the Island of Sin?
With the photos of the ship after years on its side and the music I'm surprised nobody tried to detonate its engines and drive a warthog to the last remaining starfighter onboard.
Outstanding comedy. I lost my marbles at "Linus Shiptips"
The fact that we see your big gorilla hands digging through spaghetti just for a gag means you are in fact a legendary content creator
Linus Shiptips brought you by Tunnel bear vpn.
italian here. we followed the whole thing in real time and heard about it for years afterward in the news. I'm only 20 minutes in but this is a very well detailed and carefully researched documentary from what I'm seeing. the commentary is on point and the jokes are all tasteful: despite still using the internet historian dry humour they avoid being disrespectful to italians or the victims (and if they become disrespectful to schettino later on in the documentary, I'm probably just going to agree). I love the additional notes, how you explain technical aspects and  how well you rebuilt the timeline. The only nitpick i have is that you got all pronunciations wrong but who cares, tbh. My compliments to anyone involved with this video, you did a great job and thank you for bringing new attention to this event. Seriously, good job.
Internet historian is fantastic, even the old videos are classic. But the clear effort in the later videos. Just perfect 💕
*Chef's Kiss*
Linus ship tips LA MAO
The entire point of life: Jesus did not come to be served, but to serve. Luke 16:10. We are no different. This entire life is a representation of the spiritual warfare going on. Good vs evil. God isn't a flying man in the sky, but the actual representation of Love, Hope, Joy, Peace, Light, etc. Not metaphor, but literally, like an extra demintional wavelength of thought, emotions, and intent. The devil is the opposite wavelength, pain, fear, hate, anger, darkness, etc. Human life is serving one of these two. Not a man in the sky, actual sentient collective universal Love. However, humans are primatives, we make mistakes. It's in our nature, since the fall, to go down the wrong path. This means at some time each one of us has served darkness to some degree. God understands our limited understanding of our own actions, so he gave us forgiveness, though sacrificing himself in human form as Jesus Christ. It is our duty to accept that sacrifice, get the forgiveness, and be better, helping others be better, and spreading this wavelength of Love, Hope, Joy, Peace, Light, etc, thoughout the universe. But God had to make a way for us to get to this place spiritually, this is why evidence is not allowed. Evidence will make you believe, using the fear of absolute punishment to change your behavior, but that won't make you better, just scared. Faith makes you better. It is what redeemes us, not our works. Faith is the hope that things get better, that justice always prevails, that we're at least loved by our creator. But it has to be Faith in Jesus, because of his sacrifice. And there can't be evidence to point us to him, because Love had to be fair. If there were a code in our DNA, what about everyone born before genetic sequencing? If there were a book with the solar system thosands of years ago, what would stop an evil person from hiding/destroying it? If it were something you had to go to, what about the geographically isolated, imprisoned, or enslaved. If it were a train of logic, what about the uneducated, or mentally slow? Not to mention all the people born before schools. Love cannot give to one without giving to the other. So the key to salvation had to be something everyone has access to. The only thing is Faith. This is why God puts it upon your heart to learn about these things, even if it's only to criticize, or hate. God is everywhere, because Love is everywhere, and so is the devil, because hate is everywhere. They're in your head all the time, regardless of weather or not you accept that. They whisper inside your heart, giving you ideas. But more than that, they're inside everyone's heart. This is how they get things done. They corrordanate us like pieces on a chess board. The only difference is, we get to chose who's side we're playing for. At the end of our life, we go to that team's home base, Heaven, or Hell. A place where all that exists is those wavelengths. Hate, pain, anger, fear, darkness; or Love, Hope, Joy, Peace, Pleasure, Light. The choice is yours to make. But you cannot go to Heaven with hate in your heart. You must forgive, repent, and spread joy for those around you. These are sentient eternal controlling forces in our universe. Heaven and Hell are very real places, I've seen them. Those steps prime your soul for a meeting with God. Very literally. Once you've done all four, in that order, you get divine revelation, with all the evidence you'll ever need. They are, forgive your parents, brake down before Jesus, ask for forgiveness, and read the Bible. Step four takes three books to get the revelation. I recommend Genesis, Mathew, and then either Luke, Psalms, or proverbs. The order of the steps is important, step 1 has to come before step 3. I can state that for an absolute certainty that these steps always work. Please, take your salvation seriously. See for yourself. Do those steps. Jesus Christ is Lord. It's all True
12:51 what game is that seems very realistic
Never thought i would hear tusk theme from killer instinct gold from a video talking about a boat
i bet the place is riddled with ghosts
*Spicy*
That Linus ShipTips gag got me good, man! :D
Was not expecting Hornet's theme here 19:07 for anyone who missed it
Wait till you hear about the Estonia ship disasters!
As an Italian, I can confirm this was a total ship... erm trainwreck.
I forgot how smooth and relaxing your voice is
lost it @6:12
It's kind of both the captain and the companies fault. The captain shouldn't have gotten that close and the company should have had a helmsman that understand italian and/or english.
32:25 is that John Travolta
This may have taken a long time to make, but I thoroughly enjoyed it regardless.
Nice I remember that happening. We used to say he was distracted getting a "job" and so crashed..."gli stava a fa un pompino raga!"
I enjoyed this far more than all of the sun dance rejects no offence boys. Basing it on a real life interesting event is a good template
Hey Internet Historian, Hungarian law doesn't have a *separate* entry for insurance fraud in particular, but it's covered under the law for fraud. So Ronai didn't do his homework :D
omgg internet historian skin colour finally leaked
Linus ship tips XDDDDDDDDDDDD
Speaking of South Korea, this sounds a lot like the sewol incident
I love the small callmecarson nod at 35:17
What happend to the girl from the magic trick?
i love when this community comes together to bully people who actually deserve it lol Domnica's instagram was locked in record time
Well made and well told.
27:53  Whose idea was it to burn this into humanity's collective memory?
Hornets theme made it so intense!
Hell yea another video
I am such a big fan
holy ship
17:31 you see what im seeing?
I swear you had 10 mil subs
Literally the worst ship crew ever. Sad thing is that the people who should have been promoted were probably so much more qualified.
Asmonbald
12:13 "Hey, it's me, Joe Materese. Welcome to the podcast."
Damn you make good content, Please keep up the good work I appreciate it a ton!
Forgot to credit the Splinter Cell Chaos Theory soundtrack: El Cargo by Amon Tobin
The shots of the ship after it was sunk looks like it is straight out of Portal 2
MASTAHPIECE, BELLISSIMO
11/10 quality entertainment.
the poor spagetty
Why are people talking about this? I'm Italian and I had almost forgotten about it😂😂 I'm not going to watch it all, but just in case he didn't say it, the captain was later called to give lectures in Italian schools.
The Hornet from hollownight background music!! I love it
4:37 my heart stoped for a second, i thouth they will leave her there.
I fucking love the use of MGS2 Tanker music.
Zsolt Horvath look like Dana White! Lol...
your next video should be all about GME and wallstreetbets.
This videos are fucking pieces of classical art
This is the biggest shit show I have ever seen
more like The Bruh of Concordia
Internet historian you claim the bed haven't been slept in but you then say an Asian couple slept through the crash. Please change your name to internet "historian" and delete your second channel please.
Me, who recognizes hollow knight music in part of this because I’m listening to this as I struggle through parts of hollow knight.
You sir, are a god amongst man
28:49 funny af
I'm only here for the Nord VPN ad. Goodbai.
Moral of the first 10 minutes? "Man just chill the fuck out and do ya job"
10:49
This is my favourite episode by far. I've watched it like four times already. The presentation and delivery is top notch.
This is a whole circus..
I'm italian with a "vada a bordo, cazzo" shirt in my closet. You forgot to tell that after this crash people from all over Italy came to Giglio island to take photos at the ship, posing as you would do at the Pisa Tower
Comment for the evil algorithm
I learned something today.. thanks
THIS MAN IS THE STEREO TYPE OF THE RICH GUY WHO DOESN'T GIVE AF AND ONLY THING FOR HIMSELF
I havent watched this video, and i probably never will.
I subd just because you used a world map that had kosovo as a part of Serbia. Long live the motherland.
33 people died but he gets 16 years. smh
Pretty sure estonia sinking was a bigger disaster...since titanic
Corncodia is just "corny"
how can a person in charge of so many lives be in denial in a such a situation? that's horrifying
How have I never heard about this fucking huge ship wreck
Genuinely curious, how long did this video take to make?
Huge flashback to my childhood Bc of the killer instinct song
The fact they actually found the guy randomly in Jakarta is quite impressive lol
Fuckin' Keemstar in an Internet Historian video! 😂🤣👌
A trucker gets a speeding ticket on their day off and they loose their job, a boat captain crashes two multi million vessels and then they get promoted to a super multi million vessel
Who steals a giant bell? Internet Historian: *Laughs historically*
Imagine spending 570 million dollars on a ship and then cheap out by hiring this bridge crew and captain, feel sorry for the engineers that did their best in the flooded compartments and the staff that tried to keep everyone calm.
Of course the ladies love him. He even has scat in his name 🤷🏻‍♂️
Linus Ship tips 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 43:48
That's gotta be the worst pirate I've ever seen.
Well done...
Why is there Linus tech tips reference
this is like the only channel i want to se the sponsor clip, it never dissapoint me
Here from xQc. take my like!
I can’t believe it.... Martin was a real wizard
I've missed you so fucking much
I really enjoy these videos for the comedy, but the shots of the decaying ship just after the image of the serviceman who died helping others  brought me to tears. I didn't expect to be so moved.
That title...I see what you did there.
I just can't believe it. Thirty three people died?
What a shütshow. Horryfiying
Secret channels?
Who else got a cruise ship ad lol?
A mix of technical misfortune and human incompetence
Loved the Payday 2 soundtrack.
How a ship's poorly hired staff and one mans ego killed people and basically got away with it
38:30 for the cover of White Flag. Such a good cover!
these people should have mutinied as soon as the captain told them to keep lying after they knew the real severity of the situation.
This is magnificent!  Thanks for this.
32:43 I Lolled so hard.
I appreciate this man for giving absolute respect to those who died in this incident by not going over it with any music or memes of the sort. A proper moment of silence for this video where everything else about the people who messed this up were justifiably memed.
Oohh look guy's dead historian came back frim the dead lol
This video was very entertaining and enlightening.
Totally deserves to be on trending
I can’t believe nobody is commenting about the halo music 🤣🤣🤣 it’s used so well
The timing of this video is all too sweet with all that's going on with Texas and Ted Cruz running away to Cancun.
apprezzo come questo sia italiano
Nah 15 mins is bad, 45 mins or more only.
Add this to the "Things I vaguely remember seeing on the news when it happened but completely forgot about it till now" Pile.
"Today I die the second time" GIRL 33 PEOPLE *ACTUALLY* DIED
Linus ship tips cracked me up ... Even the theme is really serious
God I fucking love you 😍
The repeated gag of a person or thing wearing the Concordia and getting hurt is hilarious.
I liked the generic stock photos more.
When the passengers are more intelligent than the entire crew.
This story still gives me anxiety but at least you've got me laughing while I have it.
I completely forgot about this event until seeing this video. I remember when that ship was near the south of France, it was very clearly visible around Cannes. My mom took photos of that ship, and for some strange reason (I can't quite remember if this happened before or after the incident, maybe before?) those photos were mysteriously wiped from my mom's camera, it was a very bizarre coincidence considering what happened to the ship afterwards.
I really, REALLY like this channel. The amount of work, research and humor put into it is fantastic and i am SO happy the videos are doing numbers.  It's become my comfort channel, for real. I put a random video on and i just calm down after a stressful day. Thanks IH!!
Duuuude, do you realize that the youtube UI overlaps your captions at the bottom of the screen making them unreadable?
Dude, I play Minecraft. I’d steal the bell too
32 dead just because the captain was a genuine prick!!!
Can you review the sinking of MS Estonia next, it's a good conspiracy theory material.
I have never seen your videos, but im hooked. When the ship went under the ladder i died LOL
Captain is 100% boss hahaha
its scary how well hornet's theme fits well with the slow sinking of a cruise ship
hi chat
32 people dead and the jail time to be sqerved is less than that if its one person per year. and the helmsman wasnt even persecuted or at least the one/s who put him there in the crew. man the world is fucked.
captain Scat-ino 😂
romania is so gettou they had their own knockoff stalin
Ahh I see. The expert on the history of the internet returned
*Russians: "This ship looks perfectly fine to me"*
i swear i was just watching a documentary on this 20 minutes ago
putting midroll after in-video ad is such a big cock move. the videos so good, you know people are gonna keep watching
No-one gonna talk about how cool 12:00 sounded?
46:01 You crazy sunnuva bitch you said the teeny "a"
Why can I suddenly watch a video this long? I’m starting to believe it’s not my attention span that’s broke, but that no one is putting out as good a content as internet historian.
INTERNET HISTORIAN HANDS REVEAL INTERNET HISTORIAN HANDS REVEAL Also I can't believe you Youtube Pooped Keemstar lmao
This channel is gold.  The topics discussed in it are Platinum.  The man narrating these topics is DIAMOND.  This content would make a statue laugh. Incredible.
Who else has watched this as least twice so far?
Like everybody needed another reason to not respect Italians.
U are a goddamn artist. Teaching current events in meme
First time I seen one of your videos..very very happy I found your channel! Top notch content my friend!  Gracias
*The captain's second surname is probably Trump*
The editing in this video is flawless
What is the music that plays while he is showing pictures of the dilapidated ship?  I have heard it before, but none of the songs that are listed in the description that are from things I have seen are it.
This channel is a blessing to humanity.
The ravioli was a nice touch
3 qtr of an hour long, wtf, has youtube pay stuff changed ffs
As current 2nd Officer want to say that your iterpretation is quite fun but the actual sittuation is definately scarry. I used to work on  merchant vessels where on the bridge during night watch you and maybe random watchman cadet in best scenario. Realising so many people on bridge and everyone walking nervously performing these actions man... I was not told such details about this during college time - nice job 🖒
38:00 ACTIVATE WINDOWS
HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW HOW TO STEER THE SHIP? IT WAS AN EXPENSIVE MISTAKE.
@§7][
"Linus Ship Tips"  Pure fucking genius.
He's sentenced to pants on fire.
"Emergency generators that don't have cooling" Wdym, it's water cooled.
200 million, its going to cost to much to staff lets hire that donkey in the local village.
Just throwing it out there, but the idea that they let out too much chain and so the anchor was useless isn't true.  Anchors don't work the way you think they do, with the anchor digging in to the ground and holding the ship.  The forces involved would just make the anchor pull out of the sea bed if this were the case, and if the anchor somehow could stick then the forces would tear the ship apart.  Anchors work by the weight of the chain trying to pull the ship down as it sinks, and then requiring energy from the ship as it gets further away.  The anchor just keeps the chain in place.  If you want to stay put in an emergency then just dropping all anchor at once is fine.  This is also why anchors work even if they can't actually reach the sea bed (though no where near as well of course, because the chain itself moves).
I feel like My Heart Will Go On or any Titanic music shouldn’t be allowed on cruise ships
I feel guilty for watching this for free
I took the crush with my psychological brain
25:12 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Obviously a goose stole the bell
This channel is amazing. How have I only just discovered it?!?
They would have all probably died if the wind had been blowing from the opposite direction. When the ship was free floating, the wind pushed it against the reef towards the shore. Had it been blowing the other way, the wind would have carried the ship straight into the deep water beyond the reef. It would have quickly gone down.
The ship was so cursed not even the ocean wanted it in it's depths.
Personally I think being on a sinking cruise ship looks like a good time
Even the sponsorship ad was entertaining
That  broken pictures of the ship straight up make a generically average Black ops zombies map
Ex-Arm: Luxury Cruise Edition
i am here only for LTT intro music  where it at ?
Tell your loser boyfriend to grow a pair instead of asking someone to stop taking evidence.
This is the best
Fuck me I was so happy when this popped up in my feed 😍
absolutely phenomenal
we and my partner love smoking up and watching your videos they’re so good
Secret S P I C Y channels where? Also shoutouts for Halo music with the images of the wrecked ship
I can't stop watching this one plz help
Yeah an idiot of a captain...
Well done, I laughed so hard when the captain was issuing serious orders...lol
"Don't worry, this ship is completely iceberg proof" "Are those rocks?" "Shit, our only weakness!"
The only piece of media I've seen that truly captured the absurdity, recklessness and pointless tragedy of the Costa Concordia disaster, ty for making this
Okay, but what about the girl in the box? Did she survive? Was she one of the people who died?
21:10 is that a real screenshot?
To be fair I wouldn't expect anything less from a situation like this.
Calling Hungary a "former Communist country" is wholly misleading. Hungary was effectively taken over by the Communists, who established a dictatorship, ruling over the Hungarian people. Your phrasing would lead an ignorant person to believe that Hungary had and then simply ceased to have a Communist regime. Which is simply not historically accurate, by even a long shot.   TL;DR: Hungary was stuck between a rock and a hard place; Nazis and Communists. The Communists effectively took control of the Hungarian government (through violence and oppression, which tactics were also employed to stay in power) and established a dictatorship which "ruled over" or more appropriately, tyrannized the Hungarian people.
Absolutely incredible video!
This went on the rock. eeeh?
cool
Why are women attracted to a failed captain?  Because they know he'll go down.
Why all the downvotes? What's wrong with people 😕
At what point does the channel get renamed from "Internet Historian" to just "The Historian"
I caught that Titanic-like music at the beginning, you sly bastard.
How the hell can you arrested for looting a sunken ship? It’s just all sitting there.
From the dead
The "shut the fuck up" in response to "a guy like me never learned how to stop" is cinema
*_s p i c y_*
24:15 can anyone tell me the song?
Im an Mechanic for Cruise Vessels. I also worked for the same Mother Company as Costa, tho a different daughter company. What shocked me the most here was actually the Speed of the Vessel. Most Ships in that seize have a max speed of around 22 knots. I just cant wrap my head around the fact that they went 16 so close to shore.  Not only that but the Watertight doors should already be all closed, especially in the engine room. Maybe it was not standart when this happened, but it was when i worked on vessels.
I am allow, I am allow, lol
Wow you actually uploaded
Amazing as always
When he described the looting, I thought “that would be a cool game.  Compete to get the most valuables from a sunken cruise ship.  With random room placement each time.  All while avoiding the coast guard.”
@26:21 best line in the video
Dear god, the editing in this. So much detail. Truly a monumental contribution by Internet Historian, as usual.
What isn't mentioned here is that modern ships have GPS that shows them their position at all times, monitors their turns, gives alarms when you absolutely need to turn away from danger, etc.  Unless you're drunk and high it's all but impossible to sail a ship onto the rocks under these conditions. Somehow this moron managed it.
Wait you had the chance to do the Taco Bell noise at the end and you didn’t... Otherwise really interesting story
Great vid, you really strike a great balance of humor, tension, and factual account
That helmsman was like "Wkwkwkkwkwk bangsat, gue gerak dulu anying"
Schettino? More like  Скотина
Dumb idiots. Dumb idiots all over.
youtube straight up bullied me into watching this video. i didn't wanna watch it, but it wouldn't leave my recommended.
I’m still waiting for that Cyberpunk 2077 video from Internet Historian.
Your good natured, sarcastic irreverence, epic storytelling abilities fact-Rich content, and presentation have earned you whatever equivalent to a Michelin star I am capable of giving you. Not that I have any kind of authority, and not that this was a food review. But ya know.🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
This was so amazing. I loved the FFVII AND goosebumps sound bites. The guy who told him to get back on board is a WHOLE MOOD 🧐
Who ever hired the helmsman should be in jail
Legit question. Why did the indonesian man/helmsman decide that completly giving up on life and becoming a runaway was a better option than ~1 prison? 1 Year doesn't sound so bad to me.
22:05 - what kills me is how IH even can't stop himself from laughing at saying that line
Between this and the Covid horror stories... I am now cured of any passing fancy to take a cruise.
The passengers are more prepared than the entire bridge staff
'Well of course, the Captain is going to  E  Y  E  B  A  L  L  it'
Wait, what happened to the magician’s assistant? Was she one of the casualties?
I finally got my fix of internet historian.
the wait was worth it
I had to go through alot of schooling to be a certified Helmsman lol
No more 45 min videos:(
Make more videos on your main channel dammit. The Internet id fucking dying, reddit, fb, youtube getting censored left and right. This channel is funny, I don't want to just listen to you ramble with some rando all the time on a side channel  *end of rant*
This video gave me legit anxiety wtf
Dominica has a nice haircut, I like it
What a story. They should make a movie about it. Call it:   RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS
Man deserves an algorithmic helping ✋
The shear amount of incompetent inorder for this to happen is both terrifying and reassuring
Five stars for using Gran Turismo music. My favorite.
you dont fucking play 'my heart will go on' on a fucking cruise ship EVER.
Let me get this straight ... A Captain, who had MULTIPLE CRASHES under his belt, had his helmsman, a former freaking painter ... who doesn't speak English or Italian, make a super close drive by ... on his FIRST DAY?  Seems legit.
That Hallow Knight soundtrack ❤️👌
27:53 I'm laughing so fucking hard that my guts hurt. I'm gonna sue you 😂
I love how this series can separate the weak from the strong, you always see this guys saying they have a good idea to a movie, book or series but they dont have the money to do shit and this man comes and says "Fuck them money" and makes this masterpiece
6:22 has me dead 💀 🤣
Can we just appreciate the Vice City Music
This was all natural selection 100 years since titanic Captain had crashed a ship 2 times before Language barriers Having sex before it crashed Champagne not breaking Using a painter and cleaner as a captain And many more
This is PURE GOLD!!
The Kid Icarus music while everything went to shit made the video for me
The captain got done dirty. Like if the helmsmen was actually trained none of this would’ve happened.
Vada a bordo, CAzZO
All because one guy turned right instead of left
It's a toss-up between Internet Historian and Rav (league of legends) whose ads I find more entertaining.
Internet Historian knows too much to about the internet to be kept alive
Honestly the incompetent captian and that Dominica were perfect for each other.
lmfao im telling linus
Lmfao shouldn't laugh but the halo music after the wreckage is being shown
I think that was the only internet ad I ever actually liked.  Okay, I just wanted to come back and praise how much you always try and treat your subjects fairly. Whether it was the Balloon Boy fiasco or this entire...everything, you always make sure to give each person in such dramas their fair share.
43:52 That LTT intro doe 😂🤣😂🤣
Skullgirls music? I knew you were cool, but not this cool
29:46 it's the jeffree star makeup bag for me 😂😂😂
Nobody talking about 'Linus Ship Tips'?
This is the best (worst) oh no fest
I knew i heard folklore music in there!
I like the 10 minute+ vids tho ;-;
15:30 Tanker Incident? I see what you did there.
This is what happens when unqualified people are put in important positions.
This is what happens when you put unqualified people in leadership positions.
Great video king
NordVPN if you see this comment, I will never buy your service when you allow such stupid ads to be made, and in such an intrusive fashion.
Gregorio de Falco seems like a genuinely cool guy
I can’t wait for the GameStop stock bonanza
that was the best vpn add i've seen lol
this editing man, this is how i imagine national geographic documentaries are gonna be like 50 years from now.
If I ever have kids, this and crash course will be their history lessons
Skullgirls music Skullgirls Music
The fall of Cyberpunk 2077, when
I’ve already rewatched it several times. Can’t wait for the next upload
The little "ah" before he chucks it into the sea. Perfection.
Oh my God
How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship? How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship?
The thumbnail. That is all.
I love how well-researched and hilarious your videos are. Definitely worth the wait!
Fam, it legit sank on my birthday. I think I'm unlucky as well
I keep reading Cost of Cornucopia and thinking of that one Adult Swim commercial
Am I the only one who thinks the helmsman deserves more flak? If he hadn't messed up at the worst possible moment, 33 people would have survived.
The Fyre Festival of the sea
the average jail time for murder is 16.5 years he should in jail for 528 years. 16.5 years for each person he murdered
so, so, worth the wait.
This "Nord V-Peen" sounds real interesting. V-Peen, huh? Wonder what it could be.
If this ship had anymore warning signs it might as well have held one up during boarding that read "We're going to crash. Abandon all hope, ye who enter here"
I hear that hollow knight ost 👀 good choice
Please @Internet Historian do the Cyberpunk2077 failure video for us fans. Cheers.
"Coincidentally, in the restaurant, they're playing 'My Heart will Go On' & it's not helping the situation." A) love the dramatic irony. B) Why would any cruise ship ever have that song anywhere near it?
I hope they can get it sailing again instead of scrapping it,  okay never mind they scrapped it, well I hope they build a Costa Concordia 2
So, the people who fret over a bottle of champagne not breaking against a side of a ship are cool with My Heart Will Go On when it's out at sea? Wild.
8:37 - the production of these videos really makes me happy
;-;
How did such a coward become captain?
TFW you call out "330" instead of  *"HELM! HARD A'STARBOARD!"*
Love the editing
Can anyone tell me his secret channels? I really want to knowwwww :(((
Not sure if 45min long meme or documentation.... mementation?
I know everyone is out here roasting the captain and the helmsman, BUT CAN WE PLEASE TALK ABOUT THE THIRD OFFICER, SILVIA?  The captain and the helmsman are fucking up directions/communications and it's your job to give exact cords so that know where the hell they are, especially this late at night, and you just sit on your ass and do fuck all until death and destruction is right at your doorstep? Also don't forget people she dipped out the boat with the captain instead of assisting passengers and the rescue crew. So many rats on this ship and they're all on the bridge.
There's some footage from a video game at the end. What's the game?
Great Video man
glad to see you found your password.
Truly your best work mate
Where the F is Maldova part killed me.
BEYBLADE!! BEYBLADE!! BEYBLADE!!
Ok but the person at 32:20 is absolutely Garrett watts. I have no doubt about it.
Please keep producing those masterpieces!
Your best video yet.  Keep chronicling humanity's stupid
Oh fuck, that whole ordeal was like a Futurama episode.
If I learned ANYTHING from the Sewol Ferry Disaster and the Concordia, Never fucking listen if you think there is a problem.
me, an italian: *sees this video recommended to me* also me: *insert marge hiding her face meme*
Oh my god! This was so good XD
Good to see that marvelous Italian engineering come from automobiles to cruise ships.
This is a level 10 video
ed tim
The parodies of YouTube personalities are hilarious. Keep it up.
That halo music though
i love all the sims
I miss those random Google image faces, I'm still not used to animated faces
"Who says you are allow" has strong "who says im gae" energy
This is the only channel I watch the ads and they are a masterpiece
It all comes down to LUDICROUS SPEED
It explains a lot when you say Carnival is the parent company
the linus tech tips bit killed me
Another banger! I can honestly say your ads are the only ones I sit through! Bravo sir!
This part kills me in laughter! 🤣 38:28
One of the best videos I've seen in a while
Please do more non-internet-related videos like this. This was phenomenal.
who thought it was a good idea to hire someone who never handled a boat-
Raga, parlano di noi! .. Oh no
Italians are a meme.
There is a depth meter in most ships, even i who i have barely sailed know thtm
my dad has some gold from that ship
Still trending after 3 days what a wholesome movie
As Italian, i'm really proud of the Costa Concordia and of course the bravery and talent of Antonio Schettino.  Great video!
What about the girl stuck in the magician box? What a horrible way to go.
We waited ages for this masterpiece.
The ending "-ino" is often added to imply a smaller version of a much larger original.   That means; somewhere out there; it lies....a looming terror of phlegmatic laze & cowardice..   *_S C H E T T O_*
Showed this to my 65yo dad with over 10 years of tugboat experience, he immediately forwarded it to his cruise ship captain buddy. They are both losing it over Schettino’s incompetence, and I’m having fun watching them go back and forth about how bad it is with a whole lot of “exactly!” and “inexcusable!” punctuating their sentences. Thanks, IH, I needed the laugh <3
You could honestly just remove the word internet from your name. Just be Historian.
I so wish we could see linus's reaction to the first time he sees that meme!
That drama alert edit documents was too much 😂
If Ted Cruz were a ship captain
The reaction at 6:23 tho
It should have just been melted down after the bottle didn't break
They should be punishing those passengers that left the ship after the captain. Don't they know the captain always leaves last? That's the real scandal here!
There is something wrong in this world if INTERNET HISTORIAN covered the Costa Concordia disaster better than the Italian press.
How is this the perfect metaphor for the Trump presidency?
44:00 and  45:07 what are these games ?
The timing of that last commercial break 😆
THE HALO MUSIC
Love your videos!
25:18 Ah yes the best part of any meal.
"No more 45 minute videos.." *darth vader noes*
I just have to ask, what is the song at 40:25? I have heard it so much, but never found out which song it is. I looked in the description, but haven't found it. Please help
Holy shit, I lost it at linus ship tips
The amount of times Youtube reccomends this video, this has to be the best video to do so  EDIT: Pretty good, Idk which are jokes and which are actual data though
The audacity of that bitch to be like no you cant film
So basically this happened because the captain wanted to get laid.
As the former Special Evolusions Helmsman of the USS Missouri BB63, with documented hours piloting said vessel in and out of ports all over the world, along side other ships during UnReps and VertReps, into Hurricanes, in and out of the Persian Gulf...  years ago, following the end of my enlistment, when I inquired to work for this company I was told I lacked the qualifications to drive one of their ships.    Yet a security guard and a painter posess such skills?    I've been a painter and a security guard since the end of my enlistment, maybe now I possess the qualifications they are looking for!
GODDAMN! This is how you do ads!
At least the crew met diversity quotas...😘
Your edits are godly 😂
This guy LOVES the GTA soundtrack ;)
I'm not sure if the helmsman should have been charged in the first place. He clearly shouldn't have been hired in the first place and he should have been trained to understand the language better. Still weird that he kept running away though
"Drinking alone?"  "We'll, someone has to."
Wait, I'm lost, why was a tobacco shop owner there?
Wait, from painter, to helmsman? how? My dad is an Indonesian ship captain that now works to become port manager and he didn't even get that kind of promotion
Nord
Killer Instinct 2, Tusk level music! I love you
yis
It always amazes me how spineless so many corporate workers are. Lies, deceit, trained helplessness, purposely misleading people just to please a boss, yes men who have moved forward through ass kissing. This was beautiful.
This is the best editing I’ve ever seen. Extremely entertaining, thank you!
19:08 YOOOO it's Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight. I am very happy to hear that Internet Historian knows about HK
This is the most Italian thing I’ve ever seen. Had the captain been shirtless adorn with a single gold chain tangled in his chest hair, I’d have downloaded a copy of this, copied it to the strongest usb found on Amazon and carried it with me into the next life.
The truthful august perinatally post because hardware thermodynamically protect till a lame epoxy. shiny, axiomatic order
I love this channel, awesome work.
Will you be my CAPITAN!?  Historian?
46:01 I’m SCREAMING 😂😂😂😂😂
Jacob Rusli Bin's sim character looks like he can do no wrong
I think you just made the perfect sequel to titanic.
i like how you got the LTT slide in there lmaoxd
Whats the song at 40:28?
That one guy on the shore who wished at a shooting star:  O.O
Do QAnon
Please do a cyberpunk video
This is what we *DO NOT* call a pro gamer move
I want this recap for everything that has ever crashed forever.
The goosebumps themesong threw me into some sort of 6th grade PTSD and brought me back to the school library for a second and I shit my pants.
24:12 This song is not in the description it's Luck from the Halo 3 OST
Streaming services are missing a trick not hiring Internet historian! better than most of the stuff on them
hand reveal
That Linus shiptips got me :)
SCHETTINO TORNI A BORDO CAZZO!
Just not show a sex-y blonde bombshell to the captain.
Only channel whos ads i watch fully through
15:16 Sergei Gurlugovich and his daughter come to steal the prototype Metal Gear.
35 people still onboard Cap doesn't know this fact "W E  W E R E  T H E  L A S T  T O  L E A V E  T H E  S H I P"
38:31 best part.
Could you in theory drift a ship?
This physically hurt to watch
Linus ship tips..... I lost it then! LMAO! Legend!
NOOO!! Don't not ever do these long ones. At this point this is the only longform content/show along with Historia Civilis that I have the patience to sit and watch. Please don't stop these.
No more 45 minute videos on main? Damnit.
i came here for a laugh and now i'm traumatized
The nautical historian
So, see you in 6 months i guess :)
the fucking captain gives me Michael Scott vibes
Crash happened all because they wanted to flex to the beach
Just came off working on a ship for 7 months and the first YouTube video I see is about a shipping disaster. I can't escape.
Still can't find the theme in 24:10
the Statement about costa concordia being the worst cruiseship incident since titanic is wrong. the 1994 ms estonia incident had a death toll of 852.
Bellissimo Internet Historian. Bellissimo!
If people had actually died, you wouldn't make light of it with terribly outdated memes. 41st place on trending also just smells of BS.
I tried describing this channel to a friend, best description I could come up with was "imagine if a shit posting troll covered history with a decent amount of accuracy"
Internet Historian is the face of YouTube
Oh man. I really like the long form videos.
This is actually one of the best youtube channels ever
I think its amazing, but is it all facts that hes telling just to know.
I'm from Italy, this was all over the news for weeks. Yet, I got more info from the first 5 minutes of this video. Good job Internet Historian.
Internet  historian can you please have a look at the fallout  new frontier  mod.. this mod has been in development  for 7 years and it would  be great  to have your opinion  on the whole mess by making a video on it .. lol .. and as always  a huge fan
Two compartments? Titanic was built more than 100 years ago, and it could stay afloat with 4 compartments flooded.
It's like a movie...
#41 on trending LETS GOOOO!
This was awesome please upload more bro
Damn. Your narration when they were trying to avoid the collision is full of suspense.
When the world needed him most he returns
“This isn’t like any electrical problem she’s ever seen.” With the footage of plates sliding across the floor had me in tears.
32  fucking people because of his cowardice. Thirty Fucking Two
Anyone else get chills when the Halo 3 music started playing? It made me jump on MCC immediately lol
Almost like some one had it all the planned
brano en vic om naa de manege
Linus ship tips 😂😂😂😂
Almost every Youtube video I put on, I end up only semi paying attention to, but your recent ones keep me completely engaged. Carry on, good sirs. You are making gold.
This was truly the Citizen Kane of Youtube ads
Incredible telling of this story. Amazing story, only made more amazing by this channel.
This inmense sense of overconfidence and stupidity combined with the PAYDAY 2 OST makes it... mwack :chef_kiss:
The LTT intro did it for me
What a great character De Falco is.
Tragedy apart, I loved how you portrayed the shambolic nature of the average Italian organization... yeah we're not the best when it comes down to politics, power control and decision making
I was genuinely worried for the lady in the box.
Faaakin' great!
When are you gonna do a video on wall street bets and game stop?
is this shit for real?
please make more! :)
Thought this was an HBO documentary, christ this is brilliant!
12:10
Internet Historian, you are too good to us with the double uploads this month!
If this was South Korea 50% would’ve drowned
16:14 is,,, is thAT FOLKLORE OST I HEAR
Ship tips i actually lost it....
Internet Historian from he will not divide us to cost of Concordia.
Informative, amusing and very, very arousing. Bravo, sir.
This is like Chernoybl, except this was by a bunch of morons that were basically untrained and showing off.
Absurd that the company hired a crew of unqualified morons and then took no responsibility.
It  took me two days to watch a 46 minute video...
Nice Band of Brothers moment
2012 friday 13 100 years after titanic the bottle didnt break God was almost screaming for these idiots to stop that ship
A retelling of the Chernobyl disaster in your style would be hectic 😁
"Linus shiptips" intro had me screaming
But i want 45 minute videos
Holy shit this story is even crazier than I thought.
Brilliant! Take my comment, young man!
me smelling gas at the gas station 0:19
I hope the captain and his members of crew that lied and put people in danger and eventually killed people rot in hell.
internet historian is one of the only people who can actually make me watch a sponsorship so should i say sponsor SHIP
The nord vpn advertisement was awesome.
the world needs you, historian
I trust your coverage of an event far more than any other news outlet. The 11 o'clock news doesn't even use any memes.
Defalco is a badass
that adam sandler drop ... "Today jr.' ..  That was too much.. I lost it.
The Halo music that's sprinkled through this tale is SPICY
I just wanted to say that in addition to every weird bad luck thing that was mentioned in the beginning of the video, Schettino's name sounds a lot like russian curse word "skatina"  which basically means "asshole". We'll see where it goes from here...
Amazing content as always. It's really infuriating tho that that sorry excuse of a captain received such a light sentence...
Killer video brother. I love the line you draw between funny and educational. That takes talent 💯.  These videos should be on TV
Remember the hero Giuseppe Girolamo, 30 y.o. batterist who ceded his seat on the lifeboat to a child, although he couldn't swim
But what happened to the magician's assistant?
I respect your want to do shorter videos more often but please know I rewatch your long videos often :)
I love this story and I am so excited to hear you tell it
My guy you're probably my favorite content creator
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures. If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God rsised him from the dead you will be saved. please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
You deserve all the love in the world.
NordVPN got hacked not too long ago, and they stole all their encryption keys.  Please stop promoting useless shit just from money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Snake, do you remember the sinking of that tanker 2 years ago?"
Honestly the best ad I've seen so far
This is amazing!!
28:47 LMAO
Not gonna lie, linus ship tips killed it
Oh yes finally a tale from my country!
I love the music choice for this one, lots of Halo Music.
So good as always
The captain is live incarnation of Zapp Brannigan from Futurama.
When the world needed him most... *He Appeared.*
Well narrated... I'm 18 minutes in and have to take a break. I'm at the point of wanting to strangle that entire crew!
Love you and your family, great family members of the public. Member since I have a great day 😠 the first time I want to be honest I think I can make it feel snappier.
8:36 that GTA III music tho
Wait, did the guy who ACTUALLY f*cked up the ships direction didnt get aressted? Also the captain should just drive the ship.
You have the ability to make even normaly boring things seem very interesting. Good job, my man.
This video is one of your best. I had already decided that when I saw the subject- fascinating manmade disaster. Then I heard the halo soundtrack and my praise went up another 5 stars.
(Yes, a proper emergency and he was still making puns) As a Mediterranean can confirm we usually do this.  In the face of chaos, we joke around so that we can be more relaxed when trying to solve a problem. Also, the captain deserved it for being such a pussy lmao Great video, I love the amount of effort you put in them. Your one of my favs. Keep up the good work :)
nice
The part where they're playing "my heart will go on" while flooding made me CACKLE
These segues were things that I didn't know I needed.
40:21 Goosebumps.
this man destroyed 2 ships before being hired.   Do they not have career record checks in the EU?  they must have gotten him because he was willing to work for Pennies. Its the only thing that makes sense
'' this is fine '' meme but with water
Wasn´t the Estonia accident the worse one sinse the Titanic with 852 dead?
My Internet Historian Uploads  “Everybody stay calm!”
coom
Today I learned that Internet Historian and Lessons in Meme Culture are different channels. I used to think they were one channel called Meme Historian
7 fucking ads not counting the first 2
The last thing you want is a lazy, good for nothing, unqalified, italian captain in these situations
Perhaps the best ad read ever.
“I took the brakes off my car. A man like me... never really learned how to stop.” _”...shut the fuck up!”_  You have no idea how much it pleases me that other people get to hear these lines being recorded.
fuck me i never knew people died....and they died because an incompetent fuck famous for wrecking up ships was still allowed to fucking navigate those biggos?! WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYY THE FUCK?!
What's the kind of spooky music around the 40 min mark anyone? Driving me insane and I cant shazam it.
As an italian there's nothing making me more proud of my country as witnessing giant disasters due to negligence. Really, I'm in my 20s  and I can already mention 4 disasters caused by (intentional) human error from the top of my head, one of which I was involved in directly. The Costa Concordia is one, then there's the more recent Morandi bridge that collapsed because the highway company that built it skipped regular maintenance, killing around 40 people; another is the earthquake that happened at l'Aquila, where many buildings basically got pulverized because whoever built them didn't follow safety regulations and used less reinforcements/mixed in sand with cement to cheap out on materials; and finally my town went underwater almost a decade ago because the embankment at a point where two torrents meet wasn't designed to hold the pressure of both going swollen at the same time and bursted. I don't think anyone died but several thousand people were evacuated and had to live in camps for weeks and lost cars and other valuables, while people like me who had the luck of being spared had to live without electricity and running water, and of course had to lend a hand to clean up the mess.
100 years after titanic was enough to keep me away
That anime face & that voice = creepy.
Women on the bridge. Not even once.
you nailed the TG5 sounds like on point
Is it just me or is it kind of funny that he used sims 4 characters to represent people?
Crashing a rock mid fight in sea of thieves, same energie
So let me get this straight... It did sink because he had an affair, or just bad at his job? :P (Sarcsm included)
What kind of people go to trips like that? Seems lame as hell.
Internet Crash Investigation.
Great video man
where is the online partition that failed?   sign here for a waterless ship
love for  u internet boi
I had tons of fun watching your video, however I think I would liked a serious medley to remember the 32 casualties of this wreck. For their families, this is a tragedy.
I just want to know where these secret channels are, I swear you gotta know big boss
I lost it when I saw the Linus intro, LMAO !!!!!!!!!!!
moral of the story, don't trust crew and put on your lifejackets
De Falco legit said 'I will cause you a boatload of trouble' to the captain of a downed vessel...  That's just amazing. This guy for President of the World. No wonder the Italians fell in love with him and elected him to senate.
How exactly is this internet history?
41:02 The boo title translaes to "The submerged truths"
"Give it two weeks", he said. Sick video tho.
Hire a captain with a history of crashing ships.  Captain crashes your ship.  *Surprised Pikachu
Amazing stuff brada
Appreciate the silksong music .
Okay this is bothering me. What is the theme that plays at 40:28. I can not figure it out for the life of me.
You are the only youtuber who’s ads i don’t skip
"Approval isn't required if the ship is deviating by less than 15 miles" ... so the ship could have literally been _on_ the Island, and it wouldn't have been against the rules???
31:41 If someone is interested, the first comment reads as follows: "Leave that pilot's cabin by dear god"
Amazing story telling
Waiting for the substitles.
How did you get Christopher Nolan to produce your gritty Vietnam documentary?
I'm amazed at how evrything that could go wrong did
Who else winced at the destruction of that pot of spaghetti?
This video was incredible <3
This would of been funny if over thirty people didn’t die..... what a needless waste of life due to stupidity. May they Rest In Peace.....
As an italian, hats off to you, very well documented video about this disaster
Holy shit. What an amazing summary and edits. Well done, mate.
Did you eat the spagette after?
3 days and 3.4 million views. Damn.
Oh no! I was loving the long-ass videos. It's nice to sit down and watch them for a while. Either way, looking forward to what you're gonna make.
YOHANAN(JOHN/JUAN) 14:6 "I AM THE WAY AND THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE. NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THROUGH ME" "YO SOY EL CAMINO Y LA VERDAD Y LA VIDA. NADIE VIENE AL PADRE SINO POR MI".......
HOW AM I 3 DAYS LATE I BLAME YTB
33:49 any ideas where this meme came from?
This one legitmately had me on edge. Brilliant work.
Just a clusterfuck of bad decisions one after and another lol.   You need to upload more your videos are drugs to me lol
This is actually well told lol
Alas young Icarus,  thine folly follows thee,  From winds to waves, From skies to seas
Out of all of this one thing I still can’t believe is that they were playing my heart will go on after the impact lmao
imagine being the guy who realized you turned the wheel the wrong way.
A video on Cyberpunk soon just like Fallout76?
Vada a bordo cazzo! Get on board, dick!
43:51 ffs, i have another tab opened to a linus vid while watching this lmao
I no joke had a dream about a cruise ship tip port side before watching this.
Schettino has to be the most Florida man person to exist and he's italian
Just another friendly reminder not to trust authority; the captain may be giving the orders but there's a good chance he's some unqualified dude and a Korean.
I'm still in tears over "I removed the steering wheel; let the road take me where I need to be~" XD
As an Italian this shocked me so much when it happened
The captain doesn’t own the ship does he? Why is the staff his full responsibility lmao, where is the companies liability for hiring morons with no history driving boats yet alone insane yachts
No need to apologise for the 45min videos. Quality, excellently researched content as ever. It takes as long as it takes to tell the story. Thank you
Because of course the company got off scot-free; 1m is a trivial amount and they knew it
The halo music
If you made his thumbs go back and forth like it was a special tool to line up with his eye sight I’d have burst out laughing, was totally expecting it...
Wow Italy is a corrupt kip
This better then the history channel
this is AMAZING!!!!
HE RETURNS
24:05 Largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic? False, M/S Estonia had 852 casulties in 1994.
Cyberpunk video in 4 years boys, prepare
I swear I've already watched this like 3 times. I'm not knowledgeable or eloquent enough to describe what it is about these videos that makes them so rewatchable, but they sure as hell are.
Imagine these kind of people were in charge of the navy during war time
Awesome
3 days ago 3 million views And 3 million to 5 reasons why this video is just perfect to shit talk distracted captains on their jobs lol
That hollow Knight song at 19:10. Too good 😂
46:02 that sound, which Rose made as she dropped the Heart of the Ocean 👌
One day, they'll show these in school.
"I was the last to leave the ship" he says from his hotel...32 people still on board at this point.
damn to be honest im gonna miss then 45 minute videos, this was quite possible one of my favourite videos on youtube. The amount of dedication and effort in general made the wait for this upload. But you do what you think is best for you channel and take this crown for my favourite all time youtuber *so far*
Love how a massive ship sinks and kills almost 40 people because the captain was an inept idiot but the first chance they get, the media puts all the blame on a woman whose job it REALLY WASN'T to steer the ship..yep. brilliant.
Obviously some psycho satanic cult is behind the captain and the company. Why would you ever let someone who steered a ship right into a harbor continue working otherwise
legitimately now my second favourite film maker (I'm a movie buff so that's high praise)
Yo is it possible for someone to subtitle these ?
this movie was worth the year wait holy shit its beautiful
But I don't understand, I thought Steel-Type was supposed to be super effective against Rock-Type 🤔
what is the song at 24:23
And I thought my park jobs in Sea of Thieves were bad
nice use of the song "luck" from halo 3. i thought my music was playing in the background while watching this. really loved the vid man.
crazy how the foreigner that didn't speak the local languages fled at the first chance
The wait was well worth it. Great video as always
i have the same name of schettino, im proud
Australian guys and putting things that you can't really buy up on eBay is the funniest shit. some dude put all of new zealand up for sale.
The only thing firing on all cylinders that night was the captain's brain going: "No I can fix this. I can't crash another boat. I can't. I won't. Not again. I can fix this!"
wonderful video
About that one sentence where You told that Costa Concordia was the bidggest disaster since Titanic. I think sinking of Estonia was much worse with more than 800 casulties.
Holy shit,they got away with just 1 million?
You can't convince me that crash wasn't intentional, 33 deaths means the masons had to finish the job lol
I was watching every moment of the disaster on TV. Every news channel kept talking about this for years here in Italy.
Lol i hope ur joking and that they celine dion was playing during the crash
What's even more baffling is that usually ships get their most experienced and on point helmsman when they do tricky navigation details. Like, was the Indonesian man literally their only helmsman? Like no one else could have piloted?
If only Vin had the wheel
Nonstop amazing content. And Vice City. Perfect timing on that one, man.
FOUTRY ONE ON TRENDING LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Do my eyes deceive me? I utter alloud alone in my room at 2:30am, for it appears internet history guy made a video!
42:30 What a legend 😂😂😂👏
CAN WE PLEASE JUST LOOK AT THE FACE "CHANDELIER" AT 24:22. WHAT IN THE FUCK
omg, im not used to this level of quality from youtube
The honorable basement suddenly trip because engineering dimensionally force absent a seemly picture. plausible, past hub
38:34 man of culture 😭
wasn't titanic rated for 4 compartment floods though?
Wtf is this?
Who is the DUMP IT guy?
19:38 That's a pretty modern looking phone for that time.
skull girls music???? YOOOOOOOOO
The abandoned ship looks like a Black Ops 2: Zombies map
Mr historian needs a red series STAT!
Holy molly a beyblade reference! That sent me back
The noir ad. Incredible
The watermark joke. 10/10
I must say this is a masterpiece, definitely one your best videos LOLLLL
The number of plot twists and turntables in this story are astonishing. Hollywood should do a movie in it, with Leonardo DiCaprio being the leading guy.
Alternative Title: The Costa of the Concordia
2112 a new ship is going to sink
16 knots near the shore??? Wtf
40:50   I’d bet he’s not Junbei-OK
40:24 Who else watching from Hamilton?
25:20 best video ever
captain gives off loud-car-revving vibes
Who paid for the cleanup? I srly hope it was the company
is that the mantis lord OST i hear in the background? lmao
You are one of my inspirations
just realized that he used characters from The Sims lol
Please do "the fall of 77"
This is the first time one of your videos had given me anxiety and I'm only 5 minutes in.
yes... but how much did it all... COST!
how do i give more likes?
Ah yes, build a ship for 570 millions, but then be cheapskate when hiring the crew.
So when will James Cameron do Concordia?
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP
Making a goofy cartoonish video full of gags about a real life tragedy less than a decade old where people died is in very, VERY poor taste. I’m disappointed
God Dang Gee Wilikers that was so GOOD!!!
On her Instagram in comments she jokes about her killing 33 people
The hungarians were this close to getting the money but the daughter had to pull a scooby doo
I wished they shared the conversation between the Coast Guard and the Captain. The Coast Guard was literally fucking the Captain up through the comms.
spicy video good film video
Make a video about the great 2021 texas freeze
We should give him a security officer badge
How did it cost twice as much to salvage the ship than to build it? That's insane
Schettino: When this baby hits 16 knots, you're gonna see some serious shit.
Oh, so that’s how they cut the girl in half
All this payday music makes me want a history video of the 2nd game's development.
This may get lost in the comments but I beg you to do a vid on the North Korea Soldier that escaped to South Korea
Oh god, i lost it at the spaghettis xD way to go just for a joke
so good!
Wow, amazing! So much effort put into something so beautiful x
"You are not allow to make film movie." "You are not allow to sink ship." "Two Shaes."
The ad I got in this video was for a Norwegian cruise, I guess this was the wrong moment to show me that.
I remember when this happened, but I had no idea how many wrong things were done to get there.
19:50 ive never laughed so hard in my life
Not only is Internet Historian making Top Tier vids but also know how to use Kid Icarus' Uprisings Muisc just right. I got Goosebumbs on top of my goosebumbs
Wait a sec how did the passengers die drowning?
25:11  That looks like good spaghetti shame
Already watched 3 times - yall got fuckin nothing on me  edit: edit
How British and  the Italian passengers are better than the captain
Should mention that among the peace time maritime disasters - in the ''MS Estonia'' disaster more then 800 people died (majority of people on the ship)
spicy
Was that poor lady in the magic box okay?
No!!! Please keep making 45 mins videos!
That linus intro tho
6:20 ha life soundtrack 22:34 lol time to reflect, retro 25:15 omg spaghetti I gotta make some 26:33 doubt it but this scene could be from Lake Placid ha(it is) 45:09 fallen order I think
43:51 very nice touch
The judge that let the cruise company off the hook is the true villain.
Never Ever, Ever go on a cruise ship
This video rules
These long videos are so good and well made
My god man, we don't deserve this content! It's 3:45 am in Northern Virginia and you made me laugh so loud I woke my sweet, sweet convalescing Sumito from his slumber. Okay, I'll become a Patreon.
Come to carry o n watching the video after I left it 10 hours a go.. 'that's right toots, you're husbands dead' 😂
As a Loiner and very proud United fan, glad to see the Captain decided to take his taxi a good 2000 km to drive past Elland Road before returning to his hotel 😉
Linus ShipTips........ got my like
Covid killed this industry.
3:45  Gran Turismo music
HOLY SHIT!!! The captain's lover was Romanian! I'm Romanian and i knew my country was shit but damn Dominica is double what the country itself is.
Very epic video.
Goodbye to the ship Domnica is on, you will be missed. You're not dead, but with *her* on board, you might be soon
Such a cool film, love from italy❤
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
Pooooost moooooore often pleeeeease lol
The offbeat reason acromegaly sound because cyclone unexplainably look absent a cute department. remarkable, tremendous propane
A god. A man above all men. Doing this to boost you in the algorithm. I <3 Internet Historian.
Omg the Linus ship tips!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Most watchable ads
The Cost of Concordia aka when literally everyone is competent except the idiot in charge
Holy shit nice hearing the GTA vice city soundtrack again
The main problem with the size of the compensation is that it just equals out all of the monetary losses of the passengers without anything for the whole going through the traumatic experience of a sinking ship where people dead. Like that didn't have a single dime for the physiological damage.
Cyberpunk when?
The entire first part is a great metaphor for how the general population sees politics. The passengers think that the people on the bridge are competent and professional, when really they are anything but.
yo what are the secret channels? I know about live and thats about it
Video idea: the stock market crash from reddit
"Linus Shiptips"  Fucking dead.
I heard Hornet's theme!
I guess you could say Concordia hit rock bottom
45:08 what game is that?
The production on this is a actually amazing
LINUS SHIP TIPS
I don't care to much for Cruis shit i hope all of them will sink with all passanger s!
"COMIN THROUGH!!! COMIN THROUGH!! GET OUT OF THE FUKN WAY FOR THE CAPTAIN......SAVIN A BITCH....GOT A BITCH HERE....GTFO OF THE WAY.....SAVIN A BITCH.....MAKE WAY....MAKE WAY.....SAAAAAVIN A BITCH!! SAAAAVIN A BITCH HERE....FUKN MOOOOOVE!!!"
Seriously you need to get a real job of making TV shows or something because genuinely. Watching that was fascinating and entertaining. Everytime you make one of these I can't wait to sit-down and digest some knowledge. Great episode
Ahahhahahahahaha the subtle ”ah” sound when he dropped the bell is why I keep coming back for more
hold on I'm reversing it beep beep beep
i like the halo music my guy
This Channel is one of the last few bastions of good content on YouTube.
43:52 linus intro sent me 😂🤣
Bruh the second time she died was from that stroke she had giving the interview
“She used her fame to become a political activist” A description that fits most of the current activists
So boats and blimps are awful
The Captain is the most cowardly person of all time. The worst part is 32 people died because of it
Those comparison photos were really bone chilling to me
I’m binge watching/supporting IH and I couldn’t be happier this got a boatload of comments and views already
17:32 i hope she got prison time too...
And right when the world needed him most. He returned
"Le Verità Sommerse" = "The Sunken Truth(s)".
Love your vpn shorts
You are the only channel that I have come across that makes ads truly entertaining. Keep up the awesome work my guy!
WOW this tidbit from 31:00 encapsulates so well the psychology of the SJW [i.e. guilt-ridden virtue signaling traumaton] psychology
If you are reading this, I urge you to listen to the phone conversation between Falco and the ships captain because it is just an amazing conversation to listen to.
Schettini is literally the picture of a sleazy Italian stereotype.  Dominica though, damn, he was doing alright mistress wise (except for the crazy haha).
HE LIVES
Did I.... did I just hear a little bit of Kid Icarus Uprising music there? Niiiiice.
of course it was the indons fault. that explains
You know what I'm curious about is if the cruise ship is covered under some insurance policy or if they're actually out 500 mill.
What’s the little piece of music that plays at? 35:48
captain always goes down with the ship.
This man editing and clever usage of memes earned him a subscriber
The people who think Ted Cruz going to Cancun was ok also think it's ok that the captain left the ship
This is why I have thalassophobia... that first half of the video really got my heart rate up. Good shit, fam
Not a IH video without metal gear solid music
Remember Boats before hoes
spicy.
Hornet theme, very nice
The captain exudes Ted Cruz peacing to Cancun energy
27:52 I am DECEASED🤣🤣💀
So what's the other few secret channels?
Fantastic video as usual .. can't wait for the Gamestop one ;)
Cruise control was on
*Hey, to you reading* ..... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
l/[]U 5O FVl<il\lG 9R3Cl0U5    \/\/1-1E l\l V  *smile* |
I did it! I found all the channels!
Do not worry for I am here! I am.... The DEPUTY MAJOR!
banger
Best part was when they did the clean up
Video was amazingly edited and put together with consistent spectacular pacing and commentary/re-enactment, but I’m pissed you fucked up a perfectly fine container of spaghetti, apologize
He only asked me where he can buy a pair of fresh skivvies is more like it
You make some of the best content on the internet and I mean that. Thank you.
This man is a genius
You're 41 in trending in the Philippines proud of you man
Why didn't they just slow down....
That Linus Shiptips came out of nowhere and I cackled
And people get stressed out of their lives for not being good at doing things. Look at this captain.
How cab something be satirical and also journalistic XD
After almost a year of government mandated self-quarantine period, house arrests don't seem like much of a punishment at all....
Schettino more like shittino amiright guys
THE MOST WATERY TOMATO SAUCE EVER.
The Iceberg: 1 The rock: 1 The ship: 0
This video is incredible. Well done
Its only been 3 days since release and I'm back to rewatch.
I found one of the secret channels and it was pretty easy
I like to believe that IH has that bell in his home
31:36 At that moment, I suddenly began to respect the captain's mistress ...
So let me get this straight  No happy endings  The victims never got the compensation they deserved  The company is still under the corrupt leadership  And so on  Tell me whats even teh point of living
as an indonesian, i'm surpised the helmsman is an indonesian and ,unsurpisingly, can't speak english
If I recall its the captain fault for the sinking ship right. I
Really? It only cost half a billion? That seems pretty damn low.  And wait, how did the people die?? I thought you said the last two people were found? What happened? Did they fall into the water and drown? Did the die by being hit with something on board?
accidentally had sex a quarter of the way through this but happy to say i'm done and i can finally finish this brilliant fucking masterpiece
Comment Tax for the Algorithm.
But where is internet historian's secret channel??
Why is jail always society"s solution for their scapegoat(s)...
P.S.Schettino
YouTube has literally forced me to click on this
Consistently amazing quality content, always excited to see an upload
Wow, this is actually tragic. Jesus.
Didn’t the same thing happen in Korea as well
If only he hadn’t *shipped* our jobs overseas!
Holy fuck, $1.2B to move the ship?! Just tell the looters to have at it.
What's the porny music at 4:52?
22:38 love the halo music
Always great soundtrack choices
This is Final Destination amount of bad omens.
I'm feeling something indescribable 44:17
Should just solder all of the water tight compartments shut. Instead of leaving that stupid gap at top. 2 compartments flooding is such a weak design.
17:37 leaving this here for future me
Bet it is the same Australian bloke who tried to sell New Zealand.
I was on the sister ship to the Concordia, the Serena, just around a year before the Concordia disaster. I’m not gonna lie, there was a moment when I first saw it on the news and thought it was the Serena and had a mini heart attack. Seeing the images of the destroyed concert hall and other stuff was so ethereal since I was in almost identical versions of them.  I’m heartbroken over all the lives lost because of some asshole’s incompetence. Costa has to get their shit together.
This captain real reminds me of Ted Cruz.
Dude this was honestly amazing.  Sad to hear there won't be more long  vids for a while.  I honestly like the long format
Why not a life sentence?
'One more time the helmsman cocks up at the worst possible moment'  That was great.  You use swear words sparingly enough in general that using one to further highlight the extreme misfortune of that critical moment was very effective.
HALO CE OH YEAH HOLY SHIT IM LITERALLY COOMING
Somebody give this man an Oscar
I come for the adds but I stick around for the video essay..
So you’re telling me the people that were directly involved in causing the death of 20+ people all got away with only a years worth of prison? And that the captain only got 16? What a joke man, the mistress didn’t even get in trouble
Im usually not the one to be oversensitive but i imagine due to the rather large number of dislikes i wasnt the only one.  The negative reactions would be rather massive if this video would have covered Titanic or 9/11. Making documentaries in this style isnt really the most sensitive idea due to the deaths and date of the tragedy.
Your use of Halo soundtracks makes me glad.
I'm gonna have to get me a 'Vada a Bordo, Cazzo' shirt.
Song name? 5:35 - 8:30
Me: "Yeah who the hell steals a bell?" Internet Historian: *Laughs nervously*
Really did you use Hornet song from Hollow Knight?
I love the Brandon Rogers clip for the drugs
I really hope internet history becomes a thing in the future and these videos would be considered educational
He even did the “ah” like in the movie meme master
It’s so upsetting that people and companies can just pay a fine to avoid all criminal charges, what a joke. The wealthy live without punishment
Carnival bogged
That poor helmsman
Captain Crunch for real
I appreciate Mr. History’s theme in the background
Captain probably just REALLY needed to drop off his kids in Cancún for a playdate, it was of utter importance he left the ship ASAP.
that shenmue clip lol
God love your videos so so worth the wait
The animation and the gags therein fill a gap left behind by Fonejacker.  Thank you.
Linus ship tips
Fuuuuuucccckkkkkk I needed this, it been far too long
I thought this was a meme at first.
Cemortan was incredibly awesome, she is who I aspire to be every day of my life.
“When the truth offends, we lie and lie until we can no longer remember it is even there, but it is still there. ”
He’s back boys!
22:40 Halo CE OST - Under cover of night
I done pissed myself when that fuckkking boat sailed under the fuckkking ladder 🪜 🚢  LMFAO !
The worst story I heard about this was all the bodies divers found in the elevators once they began "righting" the ship. Ppl became trapped in them when they lost power &slowly drowned as it began filling w/water☹️ Apparently, there were even ppl who they believe fell down the elevator shaft when the ship was listing.
I’m only half way through but man I hope the ship captain and ALL the staff are in jail for a very long time
1:15 had me hooked
I don't normally comment but holy, this video was so impressed no cap easily something I can say is by far one of the coolest things I've seen ever produced ez S+ tier video
This is it. This is the one where I broke down and bought a Nord sub. (not joking, those ads are fantastic and I hope they continue)
Love the use of the halo soundtrack my guy
All this excitement and I'm only 9min into the video.
Absolutely amazing video, hats off to you.
Halo 3 background music, I got you InternetHistorian!!!
I like how the only people he made sound incompetent or ignorant are the one’s who were responsible for the damage; also how he made the people who were being helpful very respectfully
the hubris of man
Halo 3s prefect.
"Who steals a big fuck-off bell?"  There's a One Piece joke in here somewhere.
This is an absolute masterpiece.
Fuck yeah, goosebumps music
bones in the ocean *intensifies*
You know how sometimes you walk down the stairs and you think there is a step, but there's not and then you feel embarrassed and pretend that's how you normally walk? Now imagine crashing a huge fucking boat and having to pretend... yup, that's how you drive em!
Bit sad to hear you won't be doing any longer videos. I understand your editing process must be extremely long with your content style, and maybe it means we'll get a higher upload frequency.
lmao that nordvpn ad
Simply sublime work IH.
when he said its been 8 years, i was waiting for, "since i uploaded on this channel"
What are those secret channels, anyone knows? D:
intorian has better facial animations than any character in 2077
Hidden channels? Do tell me where.
Appreciated the Halo music,. nice.
What's the music at 40:23?
I always wondered what happened to the Pasta Concordia.  Thanks historian!
i love how many creative edits there were to show the ship crashing
brilliant... or I dare say, spicy.
You've done it again, you spicy madman.
Gonna be honest, 16 years was probably too light a sentance for this idiotic "captain".
Waiting for the q&a
44:18 If you have thalassophobia that animation will scare the hell of of you. It did for me 😬
Was not expecting that Linus intro mockup LOL
so basically 2 billion dollars+ lost because they put an incompetent idiot in charge of a massive ship and because they're intent on hiring low quality help who can't do their jobs properly
If this video gets released in theaters, I hope it outsells James Cameron's Avatar.
this is actually fantastic lol
You have become the most high quality, well-produced historical memer ever
Is that Zain from MensXP at 33:06 ?
I guarantee some gangster rings that bell every time someone is bullshitting them. * ding ding * "Say that again. Its gonna Cost ya a boatload of losing finger nails if your story ain't level"
Francesco Schettino: Bad. Gregorio de Falco: Chad.
Jeffery Landgrab killed me!!!
You nailed this one. Absolutely well made.
I guess I get that if the captain had reached his position through shady means, it might not matter, but how on earth did he not get fired after crashing TWO ships before this one??
they wouldn’t 🤨 cheaty old petey🤨 would they?
I’m blown away
I'm rather fond of your chapter edits.
hollow knightttt
titanic wa rated for 5 compartment flooding, and olympic could have 7 compartments flooded btw
At least when he vanished from stage he remembered to open the latch for the performer -
I'm pretty sure the spaghetti was a lowkey spoiler for his upcoming Gamestop Squeeze video.
Can somone please tell me what is the music in the minute 35:49  i can't find it anywhere
Good Guy Internet Historian, Not using the Helmsman's real face because he's still in hiding
Love the halo 3 music!
just put it in rice, it'll be fine
31:50 Oh god not again! lmfao thank you for the laugh!
Lesson: test a 5 star hero before you use it as your main hero
Incredible Splinter Cell Chaos Theory needle drop... El Cargo - Amon tobin 35:48
A salute, to Russel Rebello, who for the sake of others, faced down the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea.  He was the True Captain of the Costa Concordia.
*sPaiCii*
Dat Halo music tho.
He wasn’t speaking in Indonesian, he was speaking in sims
An OverSimplified and Internet Historian collaboration would be the best chaotic mix of humor and education.
Talk about a cluster fuck, 32 people die because you wanna be a dumbass fucking ridiculous  Edit: Why did the officers go to jail ? They literally did nothing
That captain should have been put in jail for his haircut even if his captaincy wasn't so awful
Hey Historian, I have a question about the captain's instructions and coordinates: how do you know all that? Like the 350, the language barrier, etc, what's your source of all that?
Yo... did the lady in the magic box make it out?
Whoever your editor is, doesnt get paid near enough.  He deserves ALL the monies in all of capitalism.
I can’t escape this blasted ship lately. It seems like every time I scroll through my recommendations it’s here. I kinda love it.
Only if classes were more like these, I'd retain more knowledge... Hahhaha
Does anyone know the name of the song at around 24-25 minutes? I can't find it in the song credits
What a fucking hit. A solid meme every minute
A video so good, I had to watch it twice to fully appreciate every minute detail. Far better production than that James Cameron flick about that "other" sinking luxury liner! I started cracking up when Judge Rinder appeared. I'd genuinely love to sit and watch him brow-beat "Shittino" until he was crying in his tortellini. Then you got me again with the spoof on everyone's favorite condescending twerp that runs that PC "tech-for-rich-people" channel. 38:30 - Fully expected to hear Dido's "White Flag," but not by another artist. I don't know if you have this thing overseas, but the "Renai and Renai" commercial is word-for-word the same commercial for dozens of other law offices across the US.  Domnica: "THE WORLD NEEDS MORE TRASH CANS!" Politia: "There are trash cans over here, and a few more over there." Domnica: (litters the streets on video) "See what I mean? This place is filthy!"
8:36 It's the funny Mr. Bean's Holiday song
Spicy
Can we just acknowledge how much of a hero the deputy mayor Mario is? Going back on a life boat to help people is the most selfless act you can do.
Plot twist: Internet Historian is one of the crew's officers, and was there the whole time.
Bro you ruined that magic trick for me before I was able to see it in person cmon
The production quality has been increasing my dude. I love it
What is the song in 40:20
Awww I wanted what was left of it...
There's a life lesson in this, if you fuck something up in a big way at work, don't try to cover it up. The cover up will just make everything worse.
Your videos are a rare delicacy.
Making a whole pot of spaghetti just for a 10 second but. Now that’s some production value!
how are they this dum
I fucking wish I could vote for this video to get video of the year award or something, this is so good what the fuck
Long live the internet historian 😂
Bad leadership..
This is Gold! GOLD!!!
Halo 3 best halo change my mind
The captain and some of the crew members should get life in prison with hard labor. 33 people died . He didn't care about anyone on that ship. If I had any family that died on that ship he wouldn't be
“Ah. Internet Historian... the philosopher of dreams. It’s been...  ...four... years...”
I honestly remember this on the news, but somehow didnt k kw anyone actually died...
This was beautiful, you made this whole thing so engaging.  Also god bless that political figure that went out to secure more survivors!
As Mad magazine put it “Dumb Shits, Sink Ships.”
Internet Historian makes learning history so much fun he could probably make learning about the holocaust a riot.
Helmsman, the original diversity hire
car seat headrest moment
Singaporeans at 25:40, you can see the image of Nexx mall being used. Thank you for Internet Historian, i feel proud hahaha
Thank you for the vast amount of work, research, editing, etc etc etc that went into this and all your content. It really does show in the final product and this especially was a 45 ish minutes well spent after a long week
Im going to hell for laughing at every time the Costa Concordia exploded.
so wait, everyone talks about this Nord VPN but i cant recall the last time ive ever got a "video blocked in your country" thing
Criminal one: "I got in by stealing thousands of dollars at a bank. Criminal two: "I got in by murdering a family of 5. Schittino: "I got in by sinking a 570 million dollar ship and causing the deaths of 32 people."
19:50: Captain: nah, nah, nah, shit is dope on this boat
Captain: What's our list?  FO: 3.6 Degrees but it feels a lot mo-  Captain: 3.6. Not great, not terrible
Leave it to the Italians and Indonesians to be this useless
The Top 10 of Trending. Not so bad.
Cost of Concordia sounds like something straight out of a generic revenge game mission
Most exciting Sims 4 gameplay I ever seen. 10/10
~ always worth the wait.
Wish that one guy didn't use the Lord's name in vain.
The video was a Rollercoaster,  but that ending sent me.
Watching this while having a depression episode and eating strawberry nesqik ouu of the plastic box, Thank you for making me laugh
Stupid flex gone wrong..
Is that David Cross in a wig at 32:18?
Get this man a Dr pepper
Btw that's not Rai Magazine, Rai is the state-owned Italian television and radio station and it's, ehm, kind of a big deal, not just some magazine.
i bet he didnt want to admit the ship was going down  cause he knew he would be fucked if the mafia didnt get their drugs
Credit to the civilian leaders who took charge and just said "fuck it, listen to me, let's GTFO." I'm a mariner but idk if I could step up like that.
This was an incredible video. Just started watching your channel and your videos are just on another level.
GILLIAN!!!!
The Concordia-Giglio explosions in each transition really are the icing on the cake
Dead island music was nice to hear
I hope the captain gets a massive ship in his harbor while in prison.
I stopped counting the number of times I saw confident alpha breed managers losing it to panic at the first sign of potential emergency; and I've only been working for 10 years. And believe me: they don't need to get distracted by women, they're just overconfident posers who don't bother even considering handling their duties.
So basically the story was, douchebag tried to impress girl just picked up by doing a handbrake turn but didn't mind the curb and ended up sideways on the sidewalk. And Italy's corruption on top of it like some well seasoned pasta sauce.
>Sees the passenger count still there after the three hour skip like it paused for those three hours Okay, you can stop that silly counter gimmick that's counting down consistently, it's a little- >It slows down *Oh no.*
I feel bad for all those people watching the magic show, who didn’t already know that there are two people required to perform the trick, that would have been a shock to see a person appearing out of a second box!
ship crash investigations
nice touch with the payday 2 music.
25:40 i spat out my coffee seeing a mall from Singapore on top of the Costa
@captainkate
here we go boys a new video
Sweet Mother of Jesus, if I was reading this without knowing it was real, I'd think it was a bad high school creative writing project. What an absolute fucking disgrace, and every sentence just gets worse and worse. Thank you, Internet Historian, for immortalizing this story!
gta vice city theme was a nice touch 👌
Crowbcat & Internet Historian made 2021 all the better.
Fuck cruise ships honestly. There's literally nothing good about them.
Amazing video as always. Surprisingly I never heard about this story before
Okay but hear me out, a Costa Concordia comedy/drama in the style of Life Aquatic
I cannot believe this was in 2012. Quality content as per usual.
As always, pure gold.
Those explosive transitions made me laugh every time.
*skullgirls soundtrack big pp*
This whole situation is my worst nightmare
One of the Greatest!
Finally, the moment we all have been waiting for.
GameStop next x
hilarious.
So many clips of guys walking into poles
46:00 Lmao
Can they slow down or stop the engine? 29:23 32:43 39:38
I'm surprised this video wasn't called titanic 2 electric boogalo
Woah wait, where do I go for more 45 minute videos? Do want.
The attempt at bigbellfallinwater.wav was beautiful
Passenger, you are not allow to make a film-movie.
Is this one of those neverending dumpster fires that could be a perpetuum mobile, if only people would know how to harvest it's drama
the ship has more soul in death then alive
If the times on the top right are accurate then this story is even more depressing considering it apparently took Schenttento 12 minutes after the crash to call for help
CDPR: Fails to deliver a game  IH: Fails to deliver a video about CDPR shitshow   THE END IS HIGH... I mean, NIGH...
Dude just leaves and when he is found He vanishes again XD Madlad
women's rights
And to think aboutt all the time and labor put into the building and designing of that ship, all out the window because of two jackasses at the helm. Tragic
car seat headrest
This taught me to either avoid cruise ships or Italians.... I’m not sure which though...
This video was a masterpiece.
Before they sue you I'll say my opinion of that lawyer who nearly got scammed improved as the segment went along
24:10 I KNOW A HALO SONG WHEN I HEAR ONE, That's Halo 3 OST "Luck." First few seconds my brain started to process where it came from. Lol
On surface, your videos are so well made, but than if you are on a lookout for the minor gags in the background, they really ascend to god tier
Holy shit.  I've watched so many videos on this, and this one has taken spot #1.  10/10
The amount of times I've watched this video is probably unhealthy Well done!
Everytime I see you upload I make sure I got soda and snacks cus I just know it's gonna be a 100/10 video, the amount of editing and comedic timings of everything is amazing. Even the ad is great. We really don't deserve you. Thanks for bringing such amazing content to this platform
I want to comment on just how remarkable the combination of storytelling and editing is , I watched it once laughing of comedy and hooked on the story, but my mum was so interested that at 1am in the morning when I was up she randomly woke up and asked to watch the video over some snacks , credit to you you made a semi fluent foreign speaking English speaker who struggles to smile to be  so hooked on the visuals she clearly understood the story and loved the storytelling,  smiling at all the jokes and images . All the love for probably creating such a memorable memory with my mum.
This was gripping
Bright Sun Films also did a great in depth video about this disaster
... bruh
God I love this channel
so good
clocked the halo music
How. Long. Did. This. Take. To. Make.
So internet historian fans. What are those other secret channels?
No hit the notification bell joke? What a shame.
The ad just gets better
This isn't internet history though. Guess you'll have to change your name to history historian.
Cruising down the coast in my 64.
I have never been more invested in a sponsor ad in my life
I cannot help but add that Scotino is phonetically identical to the word "скотина" (barn yard animal) in several Slavic languages.
Just here to thank you for using music from Kid Icarus Uprising.
the pictures of the deprecated ship remind me of fucked up aperture in portal 2 a bit
I am on my like 8th viewing and it is as funny this time as it was the first time. I am gonna miss the long videos when you switch to the shorter ones though I have enjoyed everything so far.
I am disapointed as an Indonesian
i wasn't mentally prepared for lip synced internet historian
One point to make about the comparison early on. The Titanic could technically float with up to four compartments flooded, provided they were the first four at the bow, which was the lightest part of the ship. The iceberg unfortunately breached five compartments and part of a sixth. Two compartments on Costa Concordia, on the other hand, was pretty much the limit. Even to this day, cruise ship companies tend to treat the minimum safety standards required as the maximum.
I thought I heard the old man say leave her Johnny leave her its a long  hard pull to the next pay  day and its time for us to leave her  I  love that shanties are trending.
DankPods is a patron of this man. Australian solidarity, I guess.
i've never seen such an incompetent, pathetic captain
Was that gran turismo music?
Lol the people from Parasite in the cabin
you do so much work on these vids bro they are so long but theyre really interesting.. its ppl like this who actually deserve to make money off the internet
19:07 Perfect use of my favorite boss music...
Number 40 on trending, wow
That Payday 2 song compliments the steering section quite well
the editing on this one is outstanding!
Not for a single moment did that captain think of anyone but himself.
really gettin me with the halo music you bastard
There was an interview with a maritime expert here in the UK who said “most captains would consider it preferable to go down with their ship even once every life is saved” this guy was such a coward
am i the only one who thinks the dictionary entry for "asshole" should just be a link to this captains wikipedia page?
Ngl for once I actually watched through the entire ad because of how amusing it was.
OH MY FUCKING GOD ! THE LINUS SHIP TIPS !!!!!! (I guess it's a good payback for using his avatar for some shitty thing)
Hahaha you _cannot_ be serious.. a perfect storm of morons and malfunction.   Your editing prowess is on point. "Who steals a big 'fuck-off' bell?" was probably my favorite question posed.
if i remember correctly schettino also went to a university to give safety lessons
Ad ends at 10:49
Well duh. Italy is socialist so everybody off the hook like Biden criminal family
Trinston was here..
Looting : im disappointed no guests looted the casino before leaving the ship.     Or maybe they are just that good.
This was awesome
It's a shame you're going down to quicker videos, your pacing is excellent in these!
The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship. She was an ocean liner.
Yo what happened to the girl in the box? Did she die drowning trapped in there? I need closure man please let me know.
Waiting on that Cyberpunk video!!!!
ITS NEX MALL, THATS FROM SINGAPORE WOW!!!
The amount of work this video has is  immense.
Someone's been playing Halo
I heard the recording of DeFalco verbally taking Schettino to the woodshed, and it was about the only thing in the whole story of this huge-a$$ tire fire of ineptitude, that was remotely funny.
So this dude jumped ship, and two girls.   ...wow
bueno
Does anyone know what the Ghost channels are??
another win for the free market. wouldn't want any of those commie regulations deciding who gets to drive a boat
35:07 oh my god skullgirls
They were playing "My heart will go on"-not helping the situation. I laughed so hard that I farted.
Anyone else notice the highlights at 39:06?
Damn that captain very much sucks
Hey Internet Historian, long time fan, love your stuff. I just want to ask about Andras Arato. He is, evidently, famous for being a meme. He is also, evidently, the main figure head of your channel. Maybe I missed it, but have you at any point credited his face or giving him compensation for using his face as the primary persona for your channels? I'm certain you're using it in a fair way, but I am concerned it could potential be used against you. Again, long time fan and lover of your content. The uncertainty of the legal or even moral rights of it all just bothers me a bit.
24:20 do I hear Halo music?
19:10 how to get every hollow knight fan to pay attention
The fact cruise ships keep buzzing the island with their horns, shocked the answer wasn't "The islanders mined the coast to get rid of them"
>Guy is responsible for manslaughter  >Serves below minimal jail time >Travels the world for drug parties >Still gets to live a more luxurious life than any of us   Oof
Tío, no puedo evitar suscribirme aunque no entienda lo que dice la mitad del tiempo...
16 years of prison for 32 dead people. That's 6-month of prison / murder. I love justice
The music is FANTASTIC in this one. Hornet's theme adds so much tension.
yo pogchamp
yo
I would steal the big fuck off bell
YO
yo
yo
Great video!
YO
yo
25:14 hand reveal? 😳
They used diesel engine instead of petrol powered lol
i got anxiety as soon as the lady in the box was mentioned
God damn this was interesting 🧐
Now, this is not actually my field so take any drug analysis related BS I say with a large helping of salt but... Trace amounts found in hair samples could, depending on what they actually found, either mean that he'd gotten cocaine in his hair, or that metabolites (As in, the stuff cocaine breaks down into after you take it and trip balls) could have been built into the actual strands. Usually this only happens to things that are less soluble in water though, since otherwise you normally get rid of it the old fashioned way.
These transitions have me crying
geez, I hate the girl even more than the captain
Was not prepared for that Halo track
45:17
To be fair, how am i suposed to know how to steer this shio?
If more history teachers taught all history like this, I feel like a lot more people would remember those lessons.  (As opposed to how it is now, where it seems like humanity has the attention span for history that a goldfish has...)
**Vada a bordo, cazzo!**
Its nice that this is kind of a serious topic that you don't demean with too many jokes. The general crew and people are kept in a perspective you care about. The humor comes from the idiotic  captain. It's good that you can make fun and laugh about an idiotic captain and still feel for the people on the ship. Well done.
did the lady in the magicians box survive?
It was agood ending until you abandonned ship on the 45 min videos :(
Cam you please make an ad time compilation
God damn that was good, good stuff
costalot concordia
Nice vid dude
Very informative and entertaining, great video as usual, definitely deserving of the audience you have historian
When the tech tips gag started, I was genuinely surprised you didn't go with " Liner's Wreck Tips." 🤣
but I like 45 min videos.
The moment I heard LTT intro song, I didnt actually expect that. And yes, Linus would be the man to title "So we refloated a entire cruiser" if it was Linus Ship Tips
The thick dead excitingly use because refrigerator arespectively rhyme for a substantial south korea. spotted, grubby gruesome egg
I show internet historian videos to my elderly parents, and they laugh and watch the entire things intently.
When is next video
Srew Dave Attenborough. I'll take Internet Historian any day.
ok all these memes/references inbetween are 11/10 >>>>>>>>>>>>.
Fantastic video, thank you for your work, mate.
22:39 Under cover of night :D
Aaawwww mmmmaaaaannnn I engoy you 20-40 min videos
Hubris. At its finest.
Genuinely curious about your decision to use The Sims 4 to recreate members of the crew but then use blurred, monochrome stock photos for the passengers.
why are you actually good wtf
This deserves so many oscars
Wine must be pretty good tho...
The keemstar bit was class
Hi, Mr. Internet Historian, I know you like to shill products for money, but I would appreciate it if you didn't shill out Nord VPN, They have had a massive security breach that had tons of people's information get leaked. They spend millions of dollars on advertising, and none of that money on security. Thank you.
Wasn't the name "Concord" used for one character in Monthy Python Holy Grail?   Eh must be just a coincidence
6:22 😂
You are citing and basing parts of your research on the freaking sun and daily mail here and on top of that you are even somewhat unironically featuring Keemstar, who is probably the single worst human in existance. You are clearly intelligent, but it  fills me with sadness, that millions of people are getting introduced to this absolutely despicable filth thanks to you. Especially since all the 13-25 years old will not graps any of the irony.
never cut your music and almost make me cry again please thänks you thankyou thänk
24:04 largest cruiseship disaster since the Titanic? That ain't true, though?
I actually got chills hearing Hornet's theme in that context...damn does IH know his stuff.
Wow didnt know about this shit storm behind it
Capt. Looks like the minion boss
my main question is how did schettino go from being head of security to the captain?
But I like these near feature length videos....
I wonder how many people were boinking right when that happened
Good on the Helmsman though, actually not his fault. Hired dirt cheap from Indonesia when he couldn't understand English.
The before and after pictures of the ship legit reminded me of Fallout. Like this is what decay looks like.
This may be the best YouTube video I’ve ever seen
Italian acountablility in a nutshell.
"Three furious" hahaha
this is very good documentation.
Collision.
I'm going to buy 20 nord vpn plans now
Theres an almost hour long footage of the sinking from a passenger and its pretty damn awesome.
Yo, what's that about?
Proud of this shit you did
Bells are big targets for shipwreck salvaging because they're almost always branded with the ship's name and company, and because of the eerie impression that the bell is the last thing that was heard before folks died. Like, seriously, people love stealing bells from ships.
When Martin left the theater, I truly understood just how horrible a farce this magic show was...
😂👌
This was so worth the wait. Love it!
Don't try to compensate for your small size with a 114,000 ton luxury cruise ship. In the end your mistress won't be very impressed and your relation*ship* will just go under
SECRET CHANNEL LINKS NOW
*Patiently waiting for Fallout 76 pt 2 and Cyberpunk 2077* Don't worry we can wait after all you can't rush perfection.
where's the tune at 40:29 from?
24:10 you are wrong and I don’t blame you for this mr. Historian but the actually biggest Desaster since the Wilhelm Gustloff on January the 30th 1945 where 9000 passengers died. Even tho this isn’t widely known but it’s reality.
I never want to go on a cruise ever
*I won't go down with this ship*
I was like - "What? Internet Historian made video about Costa Concordia tragic accident? What's so funny about that?"  I was so wrong, omg I laughed so hard.. I feel bad... RIP Russel Rebello
Gooood
Cool
The Halo and Dead Space music choices really hit different. Well done!
Youtube is art...
Counter productive video, now I wanna go on a cruise.
Big Applause!
Goddamnit I love you man
Aaaaaand, the real fuckers got away scott free
That nord vpn ad was great
What an absolute cluster fuck
Internet Historian your voice sounds like it’s cuddling me in my bed
Wow, didn't know all this stuff, you covered it better than the news did!
Bro i love you,u had me with the narration but blew my mind when the metal gear sons of liberty came on at 15:25
Basically a bunch of incompetents were selected to drive a boat worth alot of goddamn money and would you guess it, they fucked it up ! Who would have guessed ?!
So it was bullshit from the captain that sank it then?
The best video on this subject under an hour.
I genuinely felt the tension at the beginning on the Bridge   Really good story telling
So how much did it cost?
you should do a videos of the battle of the frontier. classic internet fun.
I swear any time internet historian posts you just know you are about to have some of the most enjoyable 30 to 45 minutes of your day.
so at any point did they try to slow down or was it all steering inputs to avoid the rocks?
very good
Good shit internet historian
Can we take a moment and appreciate all  the hard work that went into this video!
e
That ad was the greatest ad i ever watched.
Fun Fact: As a Hungarian I can clarify that Hungary wasnt a Communist Country, we became Communists after the Russians took over.
My Italian wife watched this with me. At the end, she shed a tear, shook her head and said, “That pasta looked AWFUL.”
There’s always breaking bad memes
26:14 twomad took me off guard :DD
Schettino sounds just like the Russian word "skotina" which is roughly translated into English as "arsehole". Another omen, perhaps?
Look, I don't wanna be that guy, but how can you be unhappy with 11000 euros for having survived a shipwreck? I would have been happy with being alive! Then being paid that much? That's just insane. Money won't bring back your friends and loved ones. I just can't sympathize with anyone who tries to turn disaster into a matter of personal profit.
HQQ
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" Not true, MS Estonia sank in the 90's
The capitan, who was already on the ship, bailed without saving a single person. The mayor CAME DOWN, GOT ON THE SHIP, AND HELPED WITH THE EVACUATION.
13:09 You sneak, I hear the Medusa Theme in there. G'donya
Wasnt there like a swedish cruise disaster that was bigger than this?
Excellent video, though I wouldn't call it the biggest disaster since Titanic. 852 people died on M.S Estonia.
A moment of silence for the dead.
Wew, watched this two times, brother you know how to make a video!
The oceanic comic predictably interfere because child undoubtedly warm anenst a overt gauge. literate, even excellent excited week
People who came to seek the answer to the video title, the answer is: US $570 million
This was fecking good IH, worth the wait!
28:53 I'm pretty sure that grounds for a lawsuit.
As soon as he said "Indonesian" and "rock bottom price" I immediately knew language was gonna be a bit of a problem  Source : am Indonesian
Why is the halo music so fitting?
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace..  Except gifts can either be accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.
So what happened to the show girl that was trapped in the magic show "cutting the lady in the box," box?
Internet Historian is the only one to make an ad interesting and I love it
This was a huge *"SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY SPAGHET!"* moment. Expect this time, it was pappa bear that touched the *SPAGHET*
Mama Mia! Thatsa spicy-ah video!
"looting" destroyed ships is a tradition going back as far as ships. Take that shit, that there is public treasure, take it or leave it to be destroyed
I wonder if you have likeness rights permissions to use his image...if not, you may be in an actionable position.
No more 45 min vids on the main channel?  But....why?
Lol I got a bolt AD before he left the ship
The amount of ads on this reminds me of basic cable.
You got my thumbs up for the vice city theme.
to some it up its a massive shit show
IH, you ruined the lady sawn in half trick for me. Wow you're a jerk. 🤣
The salvage divers looting from the ship is no surprise. Commercial divers are thieves, every one of us. The divers rule of four is "Keep one, lose one, steal one, use one"
Well damn. I learn something new everyday
Gregorio de Falco, holy hell that name. The chad Meds were the best part of this documentary.
570 million on making the ship then they skimp out by hiring a bunch of unqualified morons to run it. Love it.
I'll give you the highest compliment I can for a video like this - it felt like a Fredrik Knudsen video, but with memes.
Fun fact: A major newspaper featured a 1st page article with a photo of the shipwreck. The last page was a full page ad for Costa Cruises. The first and last pages are connected so epic fail
Chaos Theory soundtrack, God bless you <3
That was a good ship tip
Best video of the channel by a long shot. The quantity and quality of memes, jokes, informations and immersion inside this video can't be described, amazing job really. As an Italian i couldn't enjoy this content more than anything.
"Largest cruiseship disaster since the Titanic", in what way? The size of the ship?
HOW AND THE FAAAAAACKKKK DID I GET HERE?. Ok.... i stayed the whole time. I couldnt stop watching
The captain looks like both Trump and Hasselhoff. His greatest achievement, period
😂😂😂I can't..
ALRIGHT! Whos got Deets on these secret channels hes talking about? I'm guessing one is the live stream channel, anyone know the others?
i'm supposed to go on a cruise ship in october. i've watched this three times!!!
No more 45 min videos? NO!!!!
Got to love the Halo music at 22:58
The HALO Music accompanied the video perfectly.
The art budget of this video came from hirring the 2nd helmsman.
I love that my Country (Hungary) is represented in it's truest form. <3
Recommend led me to this jewel of a channel today.
I know this sounds crazy, but $507,000,000 sounds pretty cheap for an absolutely huge luxury cruise liner. I'm sure I had seen around $900m-$1bn for one of them 🤔
The halo music lol
Under Cover of Night... nice. nice.
This is definitely one of my favorite videos of yours. It’s only been two days since it was released, but I’ve already watched it all the way through four times.
Nice job including Halo soundtracks, definitely gives it a quality touch 👌
Nice editing
Damn, this video was so good I put it on my wide screen TV and watched it with the wife and kids!  *Seriously great video!*
Do the Cyberpunk 2077 disaster pls
Guys the ship was just sleeping the captain didn’t want to wake ot
Not to sound demanding or assholesih, but does the back to 15 minute videos thing no more videos on large subjects or having multiple parts?
I'm italian and I never gave a shit about the whole Concordia deal even though it was all over the news at the time. But Internet Historian made a video on it, so now I DO give a fuck. Also, I learned more from a Youtube video made by a foreigner, than I ever did from local media here in Italy. Kind of tells you a lot about the Youtube platform, does it? I mean, it may also be because the media in Italy is shit, but don't get me started on that
It's always a big deal when the internet historian uploads a new video.
This dude's videos are better than 99% of the horse shit on Netflix.
am i the only Italian here that knows this story in memory? still great video
27:10 hold it, there were legit looters for this!?
Holy shit the end sequence with the bell was so hilarious
"Its been eight years" Since he last uploaded a video.
Ahahaha I only caught the Tony soprano guest appearance the second time arou d
That was great! How about doing the castle bravo incident?
Wow, really trying to get past that 10 minute mark, huh Internet Historian?
@LinusShipTips HAHA MADE ME LAUGH HARD 43:50
where are the secret channels? what happened to internet herstorian?
This vid is fuckin incredible
What about the woman in the box
I just don't get it. Why build a half-a-billion cruise ship and then hire the crew, that is clearly part corrupted, part nepotistic, part cost-saving and from top to bottom underqualified? Just why?
That's some classy shitposting right there, yes indeed.
Fukin mint 👌
Holy fuck that dead space ost
Can I just say, as much as I deeply enjoy IH's style of videomaking, and it's definitely what made this video so entertaining, I'm glad that the funny jokes and music stops as he talks about those who died on the Costa Concordia. As ridiculous as the captain's lack of experience is, 33 people lost their lives. I'm glad that this moment has the weight and somber tone that it deserves.
Halo music works really well in this, nice job!
Great Documentary.  May the Souls Rest in Peace
commenting for the algorithm
Shouldnt've put concord in the name
Hollow knight music baller
So the ship's mother company bribed its way out of court, Schettino was the only one truly punished (he deserved it, I just cannot understand why none of his mother company's top managers and CEO are not serving long jail sentences too).  And all is well in Italy. I was always rather doubtful how Italians would proclaim themselves as the descendents of the Roman Empire.   However, as I learned more about the Roman Empire, I now understand. Human sacrifice disguised as gladiator games, outright human sacrifice by having prisoners slaughtered by gladiatiors (though just as a support act or 'children's matinee'), theatrical acts played out in the Collosseum with the murder victims being actually murdered.  The Italians are descended from Rome alright.
Lmao that LTT intro
this movie is awesome!
Man I'm so happy to know that the appeals where rejected and he now has to spend 16 years in jail.
can someone pls timestamp the linus intro i cant find it lol
Italians clearly don't hire people based on competency or experience...
Lie, to prevent panic Interfere, with rescue Vindicate, yourself  Evacuate, first   I see nothing wrong with this. Look at the acronym, it says LIVE. How could it possibly be wrong?
I get that this is probably hell to make, but these long videos are basically internet perfection and are absolutely worth every second of the wait
NO MORE 45 MINUTE LONG VIDEOS!? Please. You are my only source of happiness, lol.
24:10 The song you used for showing the before/after decayed interior of the ship is Arrival/Luck from Halo 3. I like to think you did that on purpose, it makes it funnier.
Wunderbar, Excellent, Praise to the Chef Historian but now i have to reinstall Payday 2 again...
It detoured on my birthday
Legendary, as always. good editing bruh XD
wow what a jerk, when you have the position of the captain you stay on the ship and you go last after all are evacuatet
Welcome back, comrade.
This guy sounds like a drunk Chris Hemsworth trying to tell a story, while trying not to sound like Chris Hemsworth and failing miserably.
I have watched a LOT of video essays on this thing and this one is my favorite XD
40:24 goosebumps theme song nostalgic
Dude, I'm so sorry you had to sit thought hours of drama alert, just to find the right clips
I like the "stock image guy" graphic better then the clip art rendition
I heard that halo bgm
So this is what you have been doing for the past half year
I am sorry, but the captain is as guilty as fuck.  When he changed his clothes and abandoned ship,  I lost all possible compassion for the man.  If he is a man (and not a sniveling child).  He was at the bridge, he let the ship get way too close, he tried to pretend nothing was wrong and then he left his ship and passengers to die (as far as he could know).
This is why i will never go on a non-travel based ship overseas.
The inclusion of the halo music is legendary. Thank you Internet Historian, this made my day.
Y’know, ngl, it’s kinda creepy that all this happened one hundred years after the Titanic.
I've watched this video 3 times lol
what would happen if titanic had this fate? instead of sinking in the middle of nowhere and what would happen if this ship in this video had titanic fate instead?
that was freaking great.
Oh man, this is a good video. I had no idea that this shipwreck went through such a shitstorm. Fascinating
16:40 lmao hahahaha
Why was a captain with such a bad track record trusted with a $500M! ship?   Also can you do chernobyl?
Internet historian went from a historian who focuses on the internet, to a historian on the internet
Name of song 0:48 ?
only channel on YouTube where I don't skip the ads.
This is seriously good shit, more of these
Oh mister Internet Historian ooooooh, do whisper sweet nothings in our virgin ears. Seriously though you should try making AMSR videos cause you have such a calming soothing voice that's rare to find these days.
But I love the long content. Your style in long format is "rare".
Rusli Bin is probably watching this video in his hut in some secluded village in Indonesia.
The man killed 35 people and only given 16 years? That's a bit light
575 Million only? My dude a literal tiny destroyer costs 1.1Billion dollars, to have all that stuff in a giant boat like that and it costs only 575m? Wtf
Your explosion sound effects made me want to play Warblade again,thank you for the nostalgia trip
For 570 million they sure were cheap on crew
rip 45 minute videos. i just really hope that once the whole reddit GME stock market hold ends that he makes a video on that.
3 MILLION views in 3 days? What the fu-
largest cruiseship disaster? What about estonia? Didn't hundreds die?
m/s estonia next
‏‏‎ ‎
Where is his Oscar?
So much goodness, and yet the one thing that drives me to write a comment is that he spelled "Moldova" wrong.
What does them being a former communist country have to do with them  having fraud laws
"from here we only have mainstream news reports to rely on... so it's not going to be super accurate"   This world is going to shit on every facet. Good thing we have internet memes that seem to do a better job reporting reality than multi-billion dollar news agencies.
it coulve all been avoided smh
I would have stolen the bell
The effort you put in your videos is astonishing. Great job
Absolute masterpiece
I feel like half the production of these videos is coming up with the jokes and implementing them
Right....anytime I fuck up at my job I'll remind myself of this.....
As an Italian I can say that this is a very detailed video but in the ship there was more pasta
Noooo don’t take the 45 Minute Videos away from me D: this is a tragedy
31:50 The 3rd Commetwrs writes:  Run from there, Run
A lot of halo music
So diversity caused this?
But I like 45 minute internet historian videos😕
no ads is the cherry on top
wait this is the last 45 minute video? thats wack, i want more
Great video until the spaghetti joke, food waste is not funny and should not be used for humour or recreation. I had to dislike
How much were the tickets? Way too much i assume.
Schettino. Is the Berlusconi of the sea
What you don't know is that the Ship's Bell is actually a really valuable piece with regards to maritime memorabilia. It tends to be greatly sought after in the collector's market.
What an adventure.
My proudest liked video yet.
More frightening than James Cameron's Titanic
this captain reminds me of the plant manager of chernobyl
My girlfriend once had a trip in the ship, this makes me frightened for some reason
Such talent, never change
Top notch video as always. Another great topic to cover would be that Beirut explosion that happened fairly recently because the details behind it are insane
Totally was on this ship in 2007, same captain!
Anyone found his other secret channels yet?
Internet Historian has been playing a lot of Halo lately.
your videos are getting almost too good. 10/10.
This was such a good video. And funny! I was baffled by what a sh*tty pathetic excuse for a captain that dude was and I'm glad he's in jail.
That guy should be jailed for life. Holy fuck.  The crew shouldve taken over and "relieved" him of his duties so much earlier and none of this would've happened.
*S P I C Y*
this is why i'm never going on a cruise.
I recall seeing Bright Sun Films make a video about this incident although I appreciate you for making a longer and more detailed retelling
Internet Historian becoming legit internet historian and valuable source of information...I mean he was forever, but what is worse in his own. That is why we got 3 sec of law bullshit that could be translated as "please dont sue me or delete this channel...for I am just random edge lord with itch for accuracy". To that I say...bravo.?. mainly because I forget where I was heading with this whole comment. PS: I guess that Hungary has pretty much all the law they needed in the broad terms of fraud or attempted fraud...being from another post communist country and half educated in law I bet all my one moths minimal wage on it.
End of story, no moral
The transissions keep getting me lol
Linus ship tips part was best meme ive seen all month
why sims
39:32 "get back on the fuck board" it says in quotes...  I prolly wouldve ignored that order too... here my ship is sinking and he wants to do butt stuff?! Priorities man...
is that the halo 2 soundtrack?
It has been 8 years already??? I remember how much they fucking annoy my COGLIONI with the news, none good. edit: Cazzo means dick but it is used as fuck, it is a great word, the double z it's like a "ts" sound, even stronger, so "katso". some phrases: Ma che cazzo :  What the fuck Cazzo vuoi? :  The fuck you want
Gay
This is the only nord vpn ad I haven't skipped
Hollow Knight music?
Great entertaining work and editing but missed opportunity on including the legendary “My Heart Will Go On”-Flute Fail
Internet Historian is keeping the dream of what YouTube is supposed to be alive. Marvelous work brother.
you'd never see this with Boaty McBoatface
Well bud  I think you sent it a little too hard
And so he returned...
Lol zholt horthof
I survived everything but the linus shiptips i have to admit i lost my shit
u fring legend dud3
Someone needs to tell me the music that starts around 24:00. Looked through the description but unless I'm blind I could by find it lol
About time
25:20 *The DEETS* Lol that's fuggin funny
Video: Back to shorter videos.  Same video: 3 million views in 2 days.
But I Like 45 minute documentaries :(
With all mankind’s technological advances, they still cannot defeat nature’s greatest creation:   Rock.
dang youtube is throwing ads in here like there is no tomorrow
More 45min videos! They're is das hit!
I know you have to be working on a Wallstreetbets/GameStop video.
Here because of cray
very well made video good jobbbb
Photos of sunk Concordia were beautifull in an uncanny, Chernobyl-like way.
This is the high quality YouTube content I’ve been dreaming of
6:54 is this music from the Payday 2 or am I just crazy?
All this because the captain wanted to bother the residents
28:49 ladies and gentlemen, what youre seeing there is THE BEST thing to ever be on video.
19:08 Hollow Knight music? hell ya!
I actually visited Giglio while the ship was still sideways. What an insane sight that was
This is better than most movies
Nothing relevant to say. Just that God I missed watching your content
You could make a video about paint drying and still make it interesting.
As italian, I confirm that this way of doing stuff (the "good enough" way) is used 90% of the times everywhere, from ship sailing to house construction, from cooking food to doing surgical procedures. That's why Italy is so fucked up
I've been waiting so long for this.  Time to settle in. <3
mygod... linus shiptips
I lost it at the airplane cockpit photo, "Oh God, not again!"
I was actually on this ship on the prior voyage
I like how the note in the showcase completely makes a complete U-turn so he doesn't eat a DMCA from Celine Dion
This is pure gold.
Damn, we've waited long for this video, but it was most definitely worth the wait!
Don't you just love a good fuckup? People who are underqualified for their job do fabulously. 🤤
The constant stupidity of others is so captivating.
God damn, I saw this in recommended and remembered actually watching it happening on the news. Always wondered what happened.
Dude, your probably the greatest content creator on this site.
1:58 which song is this?
YouTube Ad: Ugh. Press skip Internet Historian Ad: Yes an ad.
This tragedy will forever haunt me. The fact that some people died drowned trapped in elevators. Two of my phobias.
The grandparents of my friend died during that accident because they were told to stay in their cabins. They stayed and sadly drowned.
3 million views in 2 days!
Also, my heart will go on should be banned from playing on ANY cruise ships...   Unless theyre sinking.
The Hollow Knight music...
21:44 jesus christ, you are not allowed to make movies.. 2nd or 3nd in comand... just la bella italia
is CAZZO not casso, say it with more anger PS:much more accurate than local media
Pretty sure that dude checks all "worst captain ever" boxes...
I honestly prefer longer videos because you make them so entertaining. Please give us a 20 minute vid every once in a while. I know that's you upload schedule but proportionately to your upload schedule, give us a longer one every once in a while.
Imagine killing 33 people because you wanted to honk your ship closer to an island.
I love how nord VPN is still sponsoring him
My man doesn’t know any women so he has to use a robot voice 😂
this is peak youtube
Basically if "the office" was in a cruise ship
Holy fucking shit this is top quality content
The bell throwing at the end made me laugh so hard I cried. The build up to the little "ah" was perfect.
It’s funny how shit hits the fan at the 10ish min mark yet there still 35 mins left
Gotta be honest... "Linus ShipTips" Sounds like it concerns something entirely different to naval vessels
Music name at 8:00 please XD
Lesson Learned: don't Impress anyone with cruise Ship.
As an italian menrico giampandroni is the italianest name i have ever heard
Kekd & Rekt
He should have first thing started full reverse to slow the ship.
Litterally does absolutely every single thing wrong
Did someone say secret channels?? :O
This is it. This is the best youtube video ever. Thank you Internet Historian.
I literally watched videos about the Costa Concordia two weeks before this one, I got mixed feelings
tbh, I like the longer videos. but its fine if u dont wanna do them anymore.
you know it's bad if the ship is playing my heart will go on
Moldovan politician of international bitch. Kinda fitting for the sorry state of  the sorry little place...
This is the best documentary ever.
I remember learning about this at school lol
No one's gonna say anything about the pun in the title?
The Halo music tho
30:20 fuckin hell thats some great editing hahahaha
The people who died in the elevators after the power went out and had no chance of getting out is fucking chilling
0:27 Historian thinking 'who the hell is using a gym on a ship'
A primo candidato for the Fanstastic Horror channel. Has all the checks - bottom-price untrained personnel, career-hungry incompetent captain... Ship Ahoy!
7:09 Payday Music <3
I remember this day bro, so fucked up.. the captain ignored coast guards and didnt get punished...
Good use of sims 4
22:40 nice
Somebody get James Cameron to make a film about this, instead of another Avatar Sequel
The music from halo legends 👌
33 people dying for no reason other that sheer stupidity. the authorities should be pressured to find that dipshit helmsman at all cost. nobody gets a pass
Lmao dead island background music
Hold up....that captain caused 2 previous crashes?
Ni
If this was in the cinema for $10 I'd watch it
Movie level content goddamn
How many counts of manslaughter were there considering he only got 16 years?! IN some cases that could be the minimum
damn, the Parasite family just cant catch a break :(
Jacob escaped like in the Hitman games.
why the hell am i watching this
Using the MGS2 Tanker BGM was a good choice. Great video as always.
I don’t know why I watched this whole thing but I did
I love the Halo music, such a good use of the soundtrack
If anyone's interested, the captain's name kinda sounds like "Skotina", which in Russian roughly means "douchebag". Fitting name, I guess LULW
What song is that at 9:00
What I need now is a crossover of Costa Concordia and the Gentleman Pirate! And Dominica to SPICE it up
Christ. This captain makes me feel ashamed to be a part of the same species as him.
Crazy idea, let’s not have incompetent captains on multimillion dollar cruise ships
man you're meem knowledge is fucking godlike
30:20 IM GETTING *FLASHBACKS* AAGH HURGHH AAAA NOW I DONT GIVE EMPATHY TO ‘EM AAAAA
im only half way through the video but it seems like the event is over wtf else can be talked about?
Forsure top 20 best channels on YT
I was already captivated, but then MGS music started playing and it made the panic so real.
Halo 3 music fits everything
quality work as always
The amount of research that’s must go into these videos
this man dedication is admirable  he played the game about languages just to improve his Italian  Flight simulator to understand basic aeronautical coordinates system The Last of Us Part 2  to understand stupid characters And Cyberpunk 2077... for crashes I guess
i actually enjoy seeing the nordman make his return  the only time i want to see an ad lol
The greatest documentary in recent memory.   You good... You good.
why does the hornet theme from Hollow Knight start playing at 19:08?
And that is why I just hate boats... frick the sea and all that shebang
Jesus
Can we take a minute to appreciate the masterful editing of this video
Love to see that nonfiction is always more fun and intriguing that fiction.
Oh God he’s evolving
pretty sure most of us could have done a better job steering that ship with nothing but world of warships as our training
19:15 Silksong?
I knew I realized the Hornet OST when it started.
Yup lets play a song from Titanic to so no one will get nervous about get sunken.
38:58 , anyone able to tell me where this footage is from?
Meh, I liked Speed 2 better
The captain hitting his binocular on the window as he attempts to eyeball the distance of his sail by salute was an engenius editing idea. Kudos, bravo! Bienicimo!
"Attention all passengers, we presumably struck a rock and are currently assessing the situation. As a precaution, it is asked that everyone put on their lifejacket and gather at their designated muster station. We will keep you updated, in the meantime, please remain calm."  How hard is that?
So the woman got away with everything, was never jailed or punished in any way, and then even got lucrative jobs from All of it. Meanwhile the men were All punished in some way.  Nice. Nice double standarts.
The blonde girl is literally Lindsey from Arrested Development
Once he introduced the lady in the box my stress levels went through the roof
Jesus Christ this was epic
This is sad and disappointing.
WHAT ARE THE SECRET CHANNELS?!? WHY MENTION THEM IF WE AREN"T SUPPOSE TO KNOW ABOUT THEM...AHHHHH
They should’ve just used the brake pedal lmao
pyro had a better ad lol
What i'm getting from this is that the captain sucks at being a captain and should have not been a loser
Nooo keep making extremely long main channel videos pls
Did u own a black cat ?
no more 45 minute videos, they will be missed, great story telling
Love the Payday music for the atmosphere
Are we going to get a Fallout the Frontier vid??
The Metal Gear Solid 2 music makes this so much better
Stop using the halo soundtrack for videos, you're culturally appropriating gamers
It was an inside job
The virgin Captain vs The chad Mayor
fuken masterpiece m8 x
having a poor attention span, I really appreciate the occasional explosions.
Can you spot the hollow knight music
I could watch the "sail by salute" bit a million times and still crack up.
BEY BLADE BEY BLADE
"Mainstream news only to rely on." "Not going to be accurate" Heh.
"My heart will go on was playing" are you fucking serious
The Halo music brings tears to my eyes.
Being on a ship is like being in prison, with a chance of drowning.  You can put as many amenities as can fit on board, it's still a prison.
Cyberpunk 2077 video when 🤖
I was honestly not expecting the death toll. I was expecting "haha funny accident but no one was seriously injured"
I remember being a child when this what happened, it was the craziest thing.I remember my parents being stuck at the tv at the time lol but gg to you, you unlocked a whole batch of core memories
Your editing style is phenomenal. 28:42 got me good lol
35:47....lmao wut?
Love the use of sims lmaooo
I do find it remarkable they were able to right the ship.
I swear I heard halo music
The lesson we should all take from this is that to never be too cheap with personnel
*The Deets*
Holy shit that Linus ship tips got me.
Spicy!
How the fuck Rusli Bin went mia like that? there isn't even a picture of him
WHy in the fuck would hire a helmsman who doesn't speak english while you can only give orders in english?
biiiiish you're trending
Oh my god that drama alert bit.
This was amazing! Thank you!
The largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic was actually Ms Estonia, sinking in the Baltic Sea in 1994, taking 852 lives with her.
So the ship just sat there for 3 years before being recovered? With some dead bodies just sitting there?
Well... similar case was occured in Southkorea too... When ship was get fukked up captain abandon ship and lots of crew and students were died.
I love these, I dont even bother reading the title, I just know im about to know about a random story in the next 40 minutes and chill and laugh           (laugh at the way he tells the story not at people dying calm down)
Did you actually make spaghetti just for that transition??? Because that’s dedication.
WALL•E's ship Axiom had an fully self-operating navigation A.I. AUTO and a captain whose most exciting moments of day were morning announcements and could barely stand. THAT captain did a billion times more than this with his sense of justice alone. (I know it's fiction but still.)
linus Shiptips  lmao that's funny because the ship actually.. well.. kinda tipped over   great memery
Just noticed theres a clock on the top right to timestamp the events, damn he really did his research
Dude, 34 people died on that incident, not cool to make it satire..
Biggest cruise ship disaster since Titanic........never heard of Andrea Doria, Empress of Ireland, Lusitania, and others.
How the fuck is this british boomer
....  absolutely incredible story: i dont know what to say.
Jesus this was some "Chernobyl" scale drama
I like how dramatic these are getting
any one want to argue about capitalisms and communism.
I enjoyed it so much I finally accepted the fact, I cannot withold from being your Patron. Man, the cinema budget has to go somewhere. Also, I can see you're really passionate about marine history, are you familiar with the history of Cougar Ace? The history of it's rescue mission and unfortunate end is stuck with me since I've read about this. It's also one of the best documented actions on the sea. Even if you won't do video about this, I'm still curious if you know about this and what are your thoughts.
The 40:22 segment is my favourite.
I hope he does one on the Great GameStop Stonks
40:00 Italy is ranked 2nd in oldest population running things, just behind Japan. Italy is considered one of the most difficult countries to do business in due to a lot of red tape and a "this is how we've always done things" mentality.  It's made for elderly barons who treat their subordinates like garbage. Many well-respected Italian researchers and engineers find themselves working for other countries because Italian bosses don't respect them.  It doesn't surprise me that a genuine hero is demoted by an old man who wants everything his way.
By far the best paid promo advertisement I have ever seen
The second i hear Hollow Knight music: “Ah yes, a man of culture”
Fun fact which will probably be mentioned in his Q&A: in 2014 Schettino unironically lectured once at the Sapienza University in Rome...at least only accorded with a professor, the University itself officially stated that it wasn't their decision (academic freedom and all) and the situation would be dealt with accordingly, disciplinary action towards the professor I suppose. There are a bunch of English articles about it, just search something with proper keywords like "Captain Schettino University"
Who takes a big fuck off bell. *starts sweating...
This shits like the last episode of chernobyl
Notvwhat I had in mind when I saw that thumbnail xD
so how many people went to domnica cemortans instagram page O_O
Last 40min video on the channel? Well I'll be happy to consider it a birthday gift. :D I really loved these longer ones.
Another legendary video.
One of the best doc u cemetarys I've ever seen.  Has Martin the Magicain ever reappared?
I wonder in  how many incidents during history people said that everything's fine
Wait what happened to the lady in the box?
Whats up with the halo music tho?
Why did you do that to the poor beutiful spaghetti
almost shed a tear - the end was... better than the original - especially with the foreshadowing!!!
This would make a great tragicomedy maybe with ewan mccgregor as the captain written and directed by the Cohen brothers
As an Italian I can say that this was extremely precise narration not to mention really funny. For those that are wandering, yes, Schettino was the biggest meme for months if not years and it's still laughed at today.  edit: funny when it could be, of course it's still a tragedy and many people died, nothing funny about that obviously.
This video and the Fashion one are by far my favorites. I love your work, keep doing what you're doing!
40:15 omg that picture LMAO
This video is a true masterpiece. Fr better than most movies, no hyperbole.
SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE THESE SECRET CHANNELS ARE! :O
i love the 45 min vids
Do the Diamond Princess next when it got hit by Covid 19 in Dec of 2019.
i'm Italian and I'm so *proud* of seeing I.H. treating an italian story
such a good video
Fantastic video and you added halo music perfectly way to go 10/10
28:31 spicy
There's nothing better than seeing a new Internet historian video on your YouTube feed
Gosh, this video is dripping with sarcasm and I love it. Dramatic Irony is a wonderful thing.
The captain's promotion is nepotism at its finest
If Zapp Brannigan was a cruise ship captain
Feels like John Hammond should have been on the ship tour saying "we've spared no expense"
19:08 hornet's theme
"Doesn't speak english" shows british flag. Damn right
I love how filler made it number 31 on trending
Damn this video was life changing
10:16 trying to keep his composure. LOL
25:22 jezus the amount of deets for just that shot
Someone please tell me what the music at 40:22 is, it seems sooo familiar!! I think its kirbys dreamland for gba????
Never have I ever seen an edited story time style video with such panic inducing... everything
Jacob skipping town is jokes lmaoXD at 42:12
I wish I could run over the captain with a combine harvester
22:33 under the cover of night, nice 24:15 and luck, wow
"There's water in the engine room" "You didn't see water" "I.. I did" "No you didn't see water"     "YOU DIDN'T!"
Thank you for the learnings
Man...this is a masterpiece
16 years isn't enough. should be 30 minimum.
You managed to keep my attention for the entire video. Well done.
This is like a worse version of titanic... someone should make a movie about this
bro!! I fucking lost my shit when the skullgirls music started kicking IN
Music at 24:00 is halo 3 ost: Luck
As a captain, you don't HAVE to go down with the ship. You just have to be the LAST off the ship. That often entails that you do go down with the ship yes, but it's your duty to the people in your care as captain.
38:49 he did NOT actually say he will cause him a “boatload” of trouble lmfaoooooo
Scatino sounds like the russian for animal but in a really rude way
internet historian should do a video about the adobe flash player, because it would be one lenghty video about it's creation, rise and fall.
That Twomad joke left me in tears. Happy to see him again here.
I love how everything in the world is just barely competent enough to work, and disasters like this makes you realize it.
Hey, I've noticed the Hollow knight Ost in the background
Stede Bonnet: You are by far the WORST captain ever! And yeah, that coming from me, the guy who thought it'd be a good idea to make Blackbeard my Shadow Captain!!!
I hate cruise ships.
We had watched a documentary on the Costa Concordia while training for work on a cruise ship in Hawaii. Actually a pretty terrifying thought knowing just how incompetent the captain is, the guy who is responsible for the thousands of lives onboard. Also on a side note, my dude Historian got good taste in music.
"He can't keep getting away with this" I fucking dieddd
As an Italian, I can say that we all lived and still living this disaster with shame.  We all asked each others how the fuck did this thing happen and how the fuck did that asshole get the helm of that ship. I hope that the punishment of the ones responsible can at least partially morally refund the victims of that total lack of braincells and I hope that this disaster will increase the safety and hiring measures of private sailing companies worldwide.
I really like your style of making dramatisations, its perfect 👌
The amount of research and effort that must go into these videos is insane, easily one of the best channels on YouTube. My man can even make a fucking nord VPN ad read entertaining
I missed u pls upload more god bless peace n luv peace n luv
NOIR VPN
Linus ship tips   If you know you know
Queue bootleg titanic theme*
The biggest tragedies always start out with people that should have never been in the positions they were in. Like it would’ve been so easily avoided if actual qualified personnel where in charge of the ship. Like it blows my mind the dude in charge of steering couldn’t speak italian or english and Schettino was head of security first. Like what the actual fuck who thought that was a good idea???
No more 45min videos? Awww sad face
I've even endured some lame ads for you. Great video.
what a story
The question is how the captain became a playboy? after all those disasters [historically speaking] he should be hated for the rest of his life. Why were those women attracted to him and more important, did this had to do with him climbing up the ladder from a security staff to the captain?!
bells are full of expensive metals. that shit is worth thousands alone probably if you can scrub the name off. totally worth it for some italian diver that knows a guy who knows a fisherman.
the deputy mayor was a badass
This video finally gave me the title of a song I've wanted for 5 years. Thanks, Historian.
Finding a new Internet Historian video is like finding 20€ bill on the street "Oh sweet, this is going to be a lucky day"
Did he get to Blow the horn at least?? xD
I guess I dont read as quick as most of your audiance. shame :-(
31:48 oh god not again 😂🤣😂🤣
So when we getting the Wall Street vs Reddit showdown?
This captain was such a clown.
This was dramatic and funny..... i love it
did good ship captains peak in 1912?!?!
i don't get it, why spend 570 MILLIONS on a ship to give on such an unprepared personnel?
Love the Halo theme during the gravitas.
I know these videos take a long time to make but they’re truly masterpieces. You can watch them again and again yet still enjoy them every time.
Halo and Dead Space OST, nice. A "system engineer" would have been helpful at that time
We saw Schettino swimming in the ocean while awaiting trial. He'd spend time every day in beautiful surroundings swimming away his life
This is an art good job m8
Wow, I actually managed to completely forget the whole Costa Concordia thing. Great retelling.
good shit
I worked there as an officer between 2012-2019,ask me anything
22:04 you did not do that phone call enough justice my man.
I'm so glad he did the jewel thing with the Bell, exactly what I was hoping for
That "Linus shiptips" intro was great 😂
Interestingly enough, while the captain's decision to do such a close sail by salute and his handling of EVERYTHING post collision, he was actually a competent captain, speaking of the whole maneuvering thing to avoid the rocks. Honestly, if not for the helmsman fucking it all up, everything would end well.
Domnica is a bigger wreck than the Costa Concordia
Real talk: let's say in some alternate dimension the captain stayed on ship and did EVERYTHING to save everyone and admitted his fault. Do you think the public would have been more forgiving? Delaying the emergency evacuation seems to be a huge factor for the fatalities
ya got yarself a sub! amazing presentation!
How are we supposed to read those "*" texts when you leave them up for like a a fraction of a second and youtube slaps their progress bar and icons over them whenever i pause?
communism is when you do insurance fraud
The editing in this is absolutely spectacular.
It is pronounced DATA, not DATA. Wtf man? 9:50 I'm not Inglish and even I know that! Great content.
Cant wait for the Texas Blackouts video
The biggest question I have about all this is why was a tobacco shop owner with the mayor of this place? Why were they rushing there together? I am so confused by this one little tid bit
Me: Oh nice a new Internet Historian Vid, this’ll be funny. Me for the first 20 minutes: FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFU-
22:38 damn that halo music hit just right
Lmao XD
Oh my dear IH, you remain masterful at what you do, sir
Love your vids man
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA FINAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLYYYYY
13:55 now that's a masterpiece of a sign! Canwe get a merch of it?  Also I did not see the LTT to make an appearance. GJ on that one, caught me off-guard
Holy hell, I missed your content
Watching your mouth move, I was spooked
I remember hearing about this on the news. That "captain" is a goddamn disgrace.
Nice hollow knight hornet ost
DIOCANE CHE RICORDI
love from Italy <3
poptropica music holy fuck
The mullet really fits Assad
31:49 I'm dying.
I like blueberries in my pancakes
When the "captain" is released from jail I hope he's greeted by a crowd of people wearing those 'get your ass back on the ship!' shirts.
Did I hear the ship music from SC: Chaos Theory in there somewhere?  A fellow connoisseur, I see
I just realized after almost a few years that I wasn't subbed.
That was a boatload of information. You've flooded me head with knowledge. You did a great job navigating through the rocky murkiness of this event.
magnifico
Subscribing for "the deefts" joke.
“How many compartments have flooded??”  “5. Not great. Not terrible.”
Schettino giving me the Dyatlov vibes...
The good news is if THAT guy can be a cruise captain, I SURE can!
I'm sure the book was called if I did it....
I've never been this angry watching a youtube video. The captain's denial is making me stroke out
Omg you took the fucking bell, Hahahaha
I was on the Concordia on a high school trip 4 months before it sank... I remember the day after we all sat around a map of the ship with our room cards trying to figure out if we would have died.
Why is this video so good 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 I think this is the best video I have ever seen. Greetings from Germany 🇩🇪 and please keep up the good work 👍🏻 👏🏻 In any case, I will subscribe to you and leave a like there
This video pleased the bappidi within me
so happy the lady in the box made it out <3
31:49 the comment on top says "for the love of god stay away from control cabins" lmao
Would not Estonia be a bigger disaster due to death count being several times higher?
Love the content!
I hereby request more sponsor breaks in your videos. Please.
This music is from Maplestory?
22:14 "From here, we only have mainstream news reports to rely on, so it's not gonna be super accurate" Ouch X D
Girl: I saw mommy this morning Pete: oH rEaLlY
Got new computer so I could watch this in stellar... uh... HD 1080p or whatever. Yum Yum...
19:00 is that hollow knight music
Yay now I have something other than Bright Sun Films’ Concordia video to watch!
I got a travel ad before this..... says a lot.
Can someone let me know when shroud watches it please 🙂thanks
Sounds like your using music from Alien when they explore the derelict during the after sequence.
THIS WAS AMAZING
37:55 that's in Ukraine's subway passage, those things are so deep they can withstand a direct nuke.
this is a fucking masterpiece
Wow you upped the stakes
lmao xd
Like always with Italy “Lions led by donkeys”
43:52 LMAO
As Italian, that hurted  Because he truth hurts
Me: I love you my guy-
This Titanic 2 was the best movie I ever seen. GOOD JOB MAN!😇
the production quality of this video was.... spicy
"You are not allowed to make film movie" "I'm allow." Good for that person... they aren't on the ship anymore so they can film whatever they want.
awesome video!
Crazy how this video is still trending lol
Your pronunciation of "Vada a bordo, cazzo" is my new favourite thing on the internet
He found his password
These transitions are killing me
And here, i thought Titanic or whatever its real name is, was bad. Imagine if they had coast guards and rescue teams back then. Not that it would've helped since something sinister was on the agenda since the beginning. This is yet another insurance fraud case?      OMZ the Sims 4 crew mates!! As a simmer this made me so happy!! :'D
Wow its Bin so long
ForsenCD Clap A true Champion
43:52 That is gold
Next on Internet Historian...  ...The Cost of Hall....
Finally
as an italian: yes
The highest production value of any internet videos
I can't stop rewatching this (??)
I was absolutely not ready for Linus Ship Tips
bravo.
As an Italian, I can say that you did an incredible job at telling the story, and there were at lot of things that I didn't know, too. Thank you for making this video, more people need to know what really happened.
This is the most interesting thing I have watched in Y E A R S on YouTube
you are like the only channel with more views than subscribers
s p i c y
I can't help feeling that the people that were truly responsible weren't punished. The bridge crew seemed genuinely incompetent and stupid, if that's the case (an not just funny internet video skew) then they should be banned from ever sailing again and from profiting in any way from the event but not jailed. The people that should be in jail is the executives that allowed such an incompetent crew to be put in charge. If a man puts a monkey behind the wheel of a car, are the deaths the monkey's fault or the man's?
Italy is the place where dreams come true. You can get jobs you're not qualified for. Even in high positions due to the corruption.
He graces us with us presence again! See ya all again in a year!
that helmsman is a legend lmao
no more 45 minute videos? anger
Can you explain why my parents got divorced?
The most shocking thing about this to me is that the Deputy Mayor, a POLITICIAN, went TO the SINKING SHIP TO HELP! Holy hell, if all politicians were like that the world might be a paradise.
this video was amazing, i didn't even realize i sad through a 45+ minute video until you made the comment about video length at the end.
The harbor master is what?
Wow this whole story is just problem central huh
That last skit is genius
I love the fact that "Schettino", when you pronounce it, sounds like "скотина" in russian, which literally means "brute" or asshole :D
Is this the inspiration for the show avenue 5?
6:46 _BY THE LORDS OF UNDERSTEER!_
you're blessed man. your ability to relay info is amazing to me.
this is exactly why I dont get on boats
Is that *halo* music?
2:10 that was VERY UNCOMFORTABLE
this video must have taken forever to research and edit, great job
These videos should be played in history class.
What an absolute fucking jackass Schettino was. Start to end. He crashed the ship and was still trying to cover it up when people could have been evacuated safely. He deserved life in prison for the 33 people that died.
1:16 "She was cursed! (Oh my gawd!)"
I do so hope we will see the continuation of the Varus saga.
I share my surname with this fucking moron
Spicy!
The captain’s mistress telling that random guy he isn’t allowed to record really sent me
I honestly kinda like these longer videos, I would completely be fine waiting longer for quality like this
Ship:  hits rock because the captains incopetence The captain: *cough* Time to abandon ship. *cough*
Man I’ve never hit subscribe as hard as that👍🏻
I like how there’s halo music playing throughout the video
Until they make a big-budget dark comedy based on the Costa Concordia disaster, this video will do. Thank you.
This was very intense thank you very much for this!
LMAO, such a good video
nordvpn is one of the worst.
The fucking Captain.. Oh my god. Just every goddamn step of the way.
You need to do way more videos. You're just too good at it. Your ads are also frickin masterpieces.
Why are these so damn good ever time I see a new video uploaded I get so damn happy. I honestly don’t know any other youtuber that makes such entertaining and informative work. Big love 😘
Felt rushed towards the end tbh
So basically everything went wrong
Can't wait for him to cover the great Texas winter apocalypse lol
What do you do with a drunken sailor?  You sure as hell don't give him the helm
I bet there is gonna be a Video about Trump thats like 1,5 hours long.
Sad the see the longer videos going away, I really enjoyed those ones the most. I still respect the decision tho, I get that they must be a pain in the ass to make
the Linus Ship Tips really got me
Lmao I find the guy saying: the compensation being offered is not comensurate; hilarious af
Relatable, i'm Italian
I am having trouble finding a job that would make me happy, even with a strong education.... yet idiots like that guy went from security officer to capitain in 4 years ? wtf...
This is just SO good.
thank you for the Raymond Chandler reference
linus shiptips got me
'When the world needed him the most.... He came back'.
I remember this shit that coast guard went ham on this idiot
You’re lip syncing animation and stuff? The improvement
This was the most dramatic story telling on this channel. The linus Shiptips was peak editing. Thanks.
Hollow Knight music, nice
I’m Italian, and this is 100% accurate. LOVE IT
I love the diverse set of music you use but damn, when I heard Non Piu Andrai I got very happy :)
"tacitly encourage" and the upper management not knowing about salutes are 2 different things u doofus ffs ppl died there! if you choose to talk about stuff like this you gotta be BEYOND perfect
No one:  The concordia at 11:30 : GAS GAS GAS
Can't wait for the IH video on the Texas Power clusterfuck.
I felt sad for the 33 people that died on the ship, but when Domnica Cemortan said she died twice I realised who the real victim was.
God i just want asmongold to react to this gold
For some reason the images of the ruined ship are very existential,  like finding the remains of a long dead civilization.
Dominica Semortan: worst thing to come out of Moldova since Dragostea din tei (the Numa Numa song)?
Didn't know Geoffrey Landgraab piloted cruise ships
I remember this day. I was glued to the tv watching the news from I woke up til I went to bed.
tbh it did seem like the captain knew what he was doing somewhat but it failed due to him being an idiot with other things and the language barrier with that one crewmate
Are we now gonna see a video on the GameStop, Reddit stock market fiasco after this great video?
Wow WTF
This was amazing.
Bellissimo👌
I'm dissapointed you didn't get ad sponsorship from another cruise ship service.
Goddamn THIS is quality content !
When the captain of the Concordia bailed he told the Staff Captain "Listen to me, you're the Captain now"
Lol 13 January is my birthday xD
I watched this 5 times so I can just appreciate his yearly upload
2021sexmovi
I'm always confused when not Italians read Italian words with "gn" or "gl" in them
🚢
Love the use of the Tanker Incident track from MGS2. lmao
The plot was better than the Titanic movie. Good work.
"slow moving" about the helicopter... ok, you want to add suspence to the story, but cut the crap, helicopters move based on their mass ofc, the bigger the slower.
A sunk cost.
21:40  Oh man even during emergencies there are Karens abound
i cannot be more proud of myself for recognising the hollow knight music
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE LADY IN THE MAGICIAN'S BOX?!?!
why do you have to be a chud :(
19:39 hollow knight!!!
The goosebumps edit, and linus shiptips edit were awesome. Watched them over and over again.
Indonesian netizen did try to find Jacob Bin Rusli last year. Did you offered them money or something?
Who hired a captain who crashed two other ships within two years?
OMG, I just discovered this channel. This is so good.
It's weird how the salvage of that almighty wreck is the most inspiring part of this whole debacle... Amazing.    ... Spicy
Did we not learn from the titanic?
In addition to being hilarious as always, this was actually quite informative and interesting, about a subject I probably never would've paid any attention to otherwise.
33 dead people and only 16 years in jail lol
Hell yeah, payday 2 music. That shit was more enthralling than any AAA movie
SEE YOU ALL IN ANOTHER 6 MONTHS GUYS 😘.
DAMN THAT WAS GOOD SHIT
26:00 I love when thieves start thieving 😍
I went on this ship about 15 years ago. Wow. I remember when it fell over
Yup F
Okay fine, it was worth the wait
Lets call it JANCOK, in Indonesia mean Bravo~
Well timed stranded charmin ad mid crash. Gotta love those little YouTube coincidences.
How do you spend 500 million on a cruise ship, then hire a dollar store crew?
You're the only channel where i actually enjoy the fucking comercials 🤣
Love the use of Payday 2 music
Appreciate the dead island music at 28:25
This guy can tell the best stories. By using stock images
I almost forgot about Harold until the end lmao
"Because he doesn't speak English or Italian all that well"  It's comically sad that barely anyone was really qualified to do something of this magnitude.
That commercial WAS HILARIOUS
5:30 When PayDay 2 music plays, you know shit's gonna go down.
Tldr the captain of a fucking water hotel shouldn't dick around when there's a language gap between him and the driver while being mere inches from very pointy rocks!
Linus ShipTips - Fucking brilliant 👏
40:15
Hi person scrolling through the comment section, "Le verità sommerse" could be translated to "Sunken truth".  Now you can scroll forth.
Anybody found a secret channel yet?
The Vice City theme during the part about the narcotics hit different
Incredible job. You took a subject I knew nothing about and could not give a shit about and got me to watch it. I am genuinely impressed.
And so the helmsman who had cheated law in the costa concordia incident, cheated law once again.
Linus ship tips
Whats more likely? No cocaine was found Or Sea divers really really like cocaine
I forgot about your channel.
FIERO DI ESSERE ITALIANO
I DO NOT LIKE ACTIVELY ANIMATED INTERNET HISTORIAN MOUTH OH GOD OH FUCK PLEASE NEVER DO THAT AGAIN.
So did the Captain got laid with that chick or no?  Edit: Yeah, it seems he did. Was worth it.
My seven year old and I were glued to the screen..that is a high achievement to keep a little kid interested in a story like this
45:17 “Italy’s most eligible bachelorettes” LMAO!
As an Italian, I feel that this shows what the regular Italian actually is
I watched the Terror At Sea episode for the story of the Concordia. The captain was incompetent and such a coward.
I am Italian and i can confirm this is 101% legit.  Se mai tu dovessi venire in Italia ti offro una pizza amico.
LMAO someone commented:"forget about cockpits, for heaven's sake!" under demnica cemortan's post at 31:49
40:22 anyone know the song?
what is  the game from 3:40?
Soon may the richer Link come, To buy some lamp oil, rope and bombs
I had to keep pausing every time you mention the girl trapped in the box
So you're telling me Michael Scott worked his way up the ranks to be a captain?
The tanker flooded theme from MGS2, just 🤌
What a story!
The music at 24:10 is from Halo 3 called Luck.
my brother was on that ship a year before it sank
30:21 How many Keemstar videos did you have to watch to make this bit?  Either way you have my sympathy.
i remember people memeing on this boat after it crashed
as an italian, i didnt need to be reminded of this, thank you.
Moral of the story: don't brag. Never.
The MGS2 Tanker Alert Music was a nice touch with MGS2 starting on a sinking ship...
put a mask you old fart
new video when
A masterpiece
Hell of a video brother, keep em coming!
Wow just readed and saw the reports f*** me what a s*** strom, but why would the company hire some who caused an earlier crash and someone who could not speak English or Italian well????????
Fun fact, Scotino coincidentally sounds like the Russian for "cunt" Upd: pelo is an absolute chad
That captain is probably one of the most disgusting people out there
gonna sound weird but i'd happily watch any add if it was by you, if you was Joeseph Goebbels (idk if thats right cba to check) i'd turn up early for the camps
24:22  "Like the others, you were strong, and swift, and brave. A natural leader. But you had something they didn't. Something no one saw but me. Can you guess? Luck."
THE FUCKING TRANSITIONS!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely fantastic video.  I especially love the use of the Halo music.
You deserve my ad watch. I will not skip this ad 😤
It took me a good forty minutes to realize that the 3D models of people were just Sims.
You’re telling me that China has a higher trust in their government then the us? That’s how you know that chart was paid off
this is very
When the police/mob find out about my crimes(hypothetically of course) im Shpeace-ing to Jakarta 🤣
"Who said you're allowed (to record a video)?" What type of question is that hahaha!
Story telling at it's finest!!!!!
Story telling at it's finest!!!!!
the payday music was the ice on the cake, great video
35:42 😂😂😂😂
Modern man vs. Rock. Rock win every time.
the way he said "stealin', pinchin' and thievin'" has me dead as fuck lol
I love how the ads make less and less sense as time passes. Kinda like ads today.
Virgin captain vs Chad Chief Engineer
Frankly jail isn’t good enough for the captain. What a disgusting human being and waste of space.
Italy is such a garbage country, everything is run by shady people lol
So someone cares about us italians
How many memories... Schettino was kind of a (infamous) tv star for a bit here in Italy
*My Heart Will Go On plays*  Gentlemen... it’s been a pleasure.
Linus ShipTips cracked my mind, I can't stop laughing
I approve of the use of Halo music in this video
What a fucking rollercoaster.
19:35 did people take off their life jackets??
"Vada a bordo, cazzo!"
i love you dude, you are awesome!
this is a cinematic masterpiece, love it
Why did the captain pass Elland Road in Leeds? 23:07
As an Italian this touched me deeply... As Schettino did when he tried to cheat on his wife again
40:16 PAULIE AND TONY   mamma mia
This is some good shit man, like you have truly perfected the artform
omfg the linus ship tips cost me a keyboard you bastard!
This is a more genuine documentary then most, just trough a zoomer lense
Incredible
28:30 oh look romanian news :"D
25:22 got me wheezing xD
WHATS THE SONG THAT STARTS AT 28:33
The bell bit at the end is pretty sweet
the halo music <33333
I mean the Swedish job was cool but these are getting a bit long winded.
Best channel
Your videos are all masterpieces and this is no exception but fuck did it hurt watching this as an Italian
O M G how have I never seen this channel before? this is the funniest thing I've seen all week
Now I understand the reason behind the random Italian stream, good shit my man
Best advert for NordVPN ever.
me, an Italian, watching this like: 💺🍿👌🏼
I caught that Silksong music, you sly bastard.
2:11, using footage of people boarding Royal Caribbean ship... Not okay! :D  I'll keep watching, but I'm keeping tabs on you! :P
Love the content hahaha
Gotta love the asmon stream :D
How are videos like this Free... These are better than most big budget Productions..
Hungay -_-
24:22 looks like fallout vaults
I don't know howt can be focused on a comedy standpoint withouth being too rude for the victims, but you could look into Monsanto and other food producing companies. There is so much wild shit, like making genetically modified crops, those crops' pollen inseminating other farmers' crops and one day those farmers receiving lawsuits from Monsanto accusing them of using their seeds without permission. And plants with very funny forms.  Also how through their exports they contributed to Argentina to dominate the secret Ant World War with ther Argentina Ant invading all continents and decimating all types of ant races. Very wild shit.
"cost 570 million dollars to build..."  Big OOF incoming.
Worst captain ever!
23:07 halo theme song hell yeah
Well, now I want to rewatch Titanic
when that halo 3 music kicked in, ngl got a bit nostalgic
Bruh, what a waste of spaghetti
The bit where the bell hit the ocean broke me! Very well done, sir! xD
'it's been 8 years'  Me thinking it happened like 2 years ago : WUT?
omfg I was watching icarly and the intro music went off right when the video started and I thought that was actually part of it.
That Domnica Cemortan girl looks very familiar... Does she have an Onlyfans page?
Took your lazy “sexy” ass long enough.
no wonder we lost WW2 with those as allies.
Fun fact: Speaking of Hungary, the Harold meme grandpa is from Hungary.
inb4 the big shnoze
No, please, more 45 min vids pls
These videos must take sooo long to research and edit. Well done sir.
Hollow Knight in the background \o/
42:22  Thats was very Indonesian indeed...
The amount of legendary memes you manage to squeeze into a single video is amazing 😂
Now that Internet Historian is trending, I imagine I'll be seeing a Netflix documentary pop up in the next two weeks.
Do Cyberpunk
Oh man can't wait for wsb vs melvin video.
Its crazy how people couldn't escape the elevator....
GReat idea lying to the harbour master, you know the guy who is in a position to assist you
I love your long videos, they're great to have in the background when drawing/working. I really hope it isnt the last long one you do :(
The vice city music in the part about the drugs is so spot on. Damn.
i am feasting today
Even the ad is enjoyable.
I can't tell from his narration if he was actually on the ship
Would love to see one about the Estonia Disaster aswell, there's just soo much wierd shit going on with that one, the  official story must be a lie
God damn IT. I might be living in poor country but still im glad im not living im italy. Fucking mafia and corruption everywhere
Wait, I just googled it and the captain saying he "tripped and fell into a lifeboat" was actually a real statement by him
Sir: your videos are pure gold. I love you.
this is a good channel
Linus ShipTips fucking killed me
19:07 OMG nice music taste, i like what you did there, hollow knight
how u get the halo song
Wait, did the captain actually go to jail or what?!
More plot holes than Swiss cheese
Is it just me that thinks there's more people at fault? The Helmsman couldn't speak the language and had never been in a ship this big before. Who's dumb idea was that?
Better than ALL OF HOLLYWOOD
one poINT TWO....... ... ... BIIIIIIILLION
Props to the Deputy Mayor for literally boarding the sinking ship to help people. Meanwhile the Captain and most of the deck crew abandoned the ship and left people to fend for themselves.
you ability to make anything interesting should be classed as a super power.
24:11 that halo music though
Nice Hollow Knight music
Bruh how could you have someone in that important of a position not speak the language of the rest of the crew
fucking hollow knight music for all of this is perfect.
50 minutes of internet historian... we do not deserve such blessing
Incredible that a youtube review of an event sprinkled, dipped and dunked in memes has more journalistic scrutiny than most media outlets
"From this point forward, we only have mainstream reports to rely on, so it's not going to be super accurate"  Big Balls on it in the true true.
Wow now i know I should commit insurance fraud in soviet russia
If you ever wondered if toxic masculinity can be dangerous, here's your evidence.
You better eat that pasta you wasted mister!  bravo another good one.
The drama, the storytelling... Even the advertisement was fun to watch... This is truly a cinematic masterpiece
"Who the f... who steals a big fuck-off bell?" 😂
LMAO the metal gear solid 2 music got me
This was really well done
Ima be calling the mumbo jumbo here
"And there they are... The DEETS". Oh my.
What an absolute legend. Such a great storyteller.
You even managed to make me Care for the ad. Man... You sure know how to tell a Story. Loooved your Pirate video. Please make a movie or something...
So, to reiterate, an incompetent and unskilled captain that has no business in beeing a captain wanted to impress a woman by ignoring all safety zones - and the ships bridge is filled with staff that also has no business beeing there either. This is basically the story of a corrupt and money hungry corporation casually risking the lives of thousands of passengers by hiring the equivalent of a bouncer for a captain (with probably zero nautical education) and a cleaning boy as steerman. I wonder how many other crucial personel was cut short just to save money.
23:11 is that halo music?
... wait the outside world knows about this?
This is the BEaST documentary EVAR!
Ah yes, the person that later went to university to teach "panic management"
Never i throught that would hear Hollow knight Soundtrack in internet historian video
"La verità sommersa" Schettino's book title means "The submerged truth" literally. I wouldn't know how to translate it better but i'm pretty you did your research you witty old men
Would like to see his take on holy trinity of youtube back in the old days. FilthyFrank, Idubz and Maxmoefoe
He shall upload said the YouTube gods
26:14 Twomad Appearance
Holy shit. The edit, music and narrative of this video are movie quality.
That linus shiptips caught me off guard, ngl.
this documentary is chef's kiss, I'm subscribing
6:22
Did anyone else love the Titanic theme tune with just the right amount of notes changed to avoid being flagged? 😂
me noticing the video is 46min long: "what, oh wow, this is going to be a while" when its over: "wait that was it?"
Masterpiece. Thank you sir.   Ps, I noticed the Halo music. And LST 🤣
Am i the only one who watched this due to the thumbnail
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
I love you man
WHat about the scandinavian star accident in 1990 where 159 people lost their lives.
Holy shit a super sized Internet Historian!
The ship's bell is the symbol of the ship, its sort of like stealing the hood ornament of a fancy car.
24:12 bioshock
Tag yourself I'm the couple who slept through an entire ship wreck
Costa Concordia up there with RMS Titanic, MV Herald of free enterprise, MV Plassy, MV Estonia, Korean Sewol, Mv Union star with substandard crew members
My day was actually fucking ruined but Internet Historian finally uploaded a long video again Day is good now.
great video!
16:19 when the captain is sus 😳
The takeaway: don't play eurobeat on the bridge of the ship.
I like how the first 5 minutes were basically a whole-mouth satire about the video topic. I MEAN HOW COULD anYThiNG gO wROnG?
As an Italian I really have to thank you: you managed to make one of the worst pages in Italian history fun and cute. When I opened the video I must say that I almost got angry thinking about the whole story and about Schettino's behavior. The worst thing is that a lot of people in Italy defend him saying: "He was in the dark, in the middle of the sea, at night" or a more banal: "He is a person, he is afraid and ran away. You would have done the same! " (And they forget that he was in the cabin doing bullshits) Yeah, it's a pity that I'm not the captain in command of a big ship and that, as you pointed out, Schettino himself literally went from being nothing to a commander of a ship. Unfortunately in Italy there are many who make their way like this. Schettino probably arrived on that bridge not for his abilities (what ability then? The ability to tell lies I think) but only because someone put a good word on him. And it pains me to say it, but as long as in Italy, to make a career, you always have to have a good word from someone or you have to end up meddling with the mafia (it happens much more often than it seems, our parliament is full of mafiosi and Berlusconi is a perfect example) you will never go anywhere and as an Italian I am very sorry.
The pubg reference had me rolling on the floor lol. Amazing video as always!
Costa Concordia up there with Rms Titanic, Mv Plassy, Mv Herald of free enterprise, Mv Estonia, Korean Sewol and Mv Union star with substandard crew
I have to say, that editing is impressive!!!! omg!!  I must have toke ages to make LOL.
Yes.
Can't wait to see shroud watch this
NordVPN Ads are getting wild!!!
For you, internet historian, I'll forgive all of the mispronunciations
Bruh, If I know that I could be a captain from being a chief of security I shouldnt have waste my time on Studying Marine Transportation.
Hello everyone from Belarus!  I am very ashamed to make that, but I have no other choice, because in a couple of days my family will be on the street. I'll mortgaged my house and invested in my project, but due to the current situation in Belarus, the investors who were going to invest, refused, now the project is not finished, there is nothing to pay the bills. If some $ doesn't mean anything to you, then it can save a lot for me. I will be very grateful for any help, and I will pray that your kindness will return to you. Have a nice and profit day!!! My advcash U 9714 3991 0931 My card 4585 2200 0931 0839 My Payeer P1024561512
I really appreciate the halo 2 music underscore in the middle of this video. Always gives me chills
The BLACK BOX STOPPED WORKING? Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzuuuusssssssssssss
Whoever stole the bell is a chad
I think it was just Bill Burr who sinked the ship with his submarine honestly.
21:34 Punch the bitch!
The most braindead crew in existence
Never thought Hornet’s theme would go so well with a ship sinking
Im Italian and as soon as I saw the title I was like oh nononono
Wilburger
They actually played My Heart Will Go On? That's pure sadism.
glorious video
This was the best action movie I've seen in a long time.
@ 38:30 that Anime bit broke me from inside...
This video is an accurate take on the event, built in with memes. Idk if I had this much fun watching a video on a historic event. 🤣
I miss Asmongold
Amazing video as always. I also love the use of Halo's music.
What is song at 20:31
32:39 a problem of modern seafaring is the absence of physical maps. It’s not uncommon for a cargo ship to use zero paper whatsoever therein navigation. What happens if the ship goes offline? Too bad.   We’re going to see maritime cyber piracy within the next decade. It’s easy as hell, even for a layman like me to do it and plan. But I plan for the sake of preventing piracy, which is more a human tragedy in both sides.   So often these pirates with beards turn out to be 13 year old children. How do you prosecute a child soldier in international law?
I never thought that a story about people steering a ship would be so intense.
Love the halo music
Come on: 'Not content with abandoning just his ship, he keeps trying to abandon his relation-ship.'
Those engineers were freaking bosses trying to hold ground like that. Badasses every last one  Edit: no more mega vids?! Noooooooooooooo
Just remember, don't follow her on instagram
Metta un like cazzo!
25:14 idk why noone else is mentioning this but you are not getting away scot free from this heinous sin you just committes
I wish I could hire this man to explain all my homework to me
wow, so rare to see a smart person in these stories. Kudos to that lawyer
Life is disturbing enough without you picking up spaghetti with your bare hands..
I really wasn't expecting you to be able to continue upping the bar, and yet here we are
The absolute God of Youtube is back
You are so good at presenting information. Why the fuck do I know so much about boats now
now if i ever left jordan i guess i inow where to go, and how to impress my Boyfriend
This is the best  black commedy in years.
40:57 "Le verità sommerse"= "The submerged thruths", if you are wondering.
Varus part 3, when? Gamestop, when?
Keep these videos 40+mins long for the love of gawd!
"Spicy!"
Really love the video!
The company should of turned the wreckage into a tourist attraction, selling scuba diving trips. That would of been pretty sweet.
Costa Condordia is the same as my flooding galleon in sea of thieves. 1 hole and my crew goes apeshit and we sink
Why was I sent this..?
Thanks for this video, I was on another Costa in South America at the moment that happened, jeez
the the beat ended up like 100m from shore just swim you useless passengers
man, when the hollow knight OST kick in. I felt that <3
pretty sure more italians died after seeing what you did to those spagetti
Sims 4 was solely made for this video. It has served its purpose.
This video is a gift to the world. Thank you.
one of your best
Russian Roulette - Holding a shotgun  xD
46:32  45 min videos = wires 3 x 15 min videos = raycon
still can't believe this channel doesn't have like 5 mil by now.
Asmongold 0_0
They Tokyo drifted right into those rocks
this is like a lesson on history + filmmaking  I'm enthralled with this
"No more 45 minute videos"  I know there are probably algorithm reasons behind this but still, :(
I am ready for your Cyberpunk 2077 video :)
I actually really like the cinematic black borders at the top and bottom, with extra text there to explain parts of the situation that are going on
A friend of Halo-Soundtrack I assume ;)
Whatever happened to the lady in the magic box?
The editing in this is just world class, please never stop what you're doing
hold up secret channels?
Is that some halo music you've shot in there? Love it!
There they are, the deets!
Make a video about TitanicHG
Also, Francesco schettino gave panic management course in university of Roma 2 years after the event. like wtf
Moral of the story: Communication is key. And also to make sure you hire the right people.
Ur videos are always awesome and well done. Ty for ur work ma guy.
_Mario. Would you teach me some Italian?_
The deputy mayor actually getting on the ship and helping with the evacuation is a pretty badass move
First of all i am amazed how you managed to create a Desaster documentary filled with memes, that is this great of a quality.
...and you'd think they would entrust their multi-million-ships to *COMPETENT* people...
you are not allowed to make ah film movie
Jacob somehow managing to get away with straight up leaving instead of giving his testimony is the funniest shit I've heard in a long while, that man's a champion.
but how much did it cost. are we talking ten quid? 100 quid?
19:10 you successfully recreated a PTSD sensation in me by using Hornet's theme as background music.
Man, this was BIG back then. So much enragement, so many memes. Last thing i expected was to see it brought back to life by an "outsider", even more so by one as big as you, and with this kind of quality. Great job as always
THE DEEDS - I AM DEAD DUDE - SO DEAD
“There they are. The Deets!” I really dig it when IH cracks himself up.
24:56 Fallout: Concordia
chaos theory soundtrack? :/
i seriously learn history from this channel in the most hilarious and fun way :)
Just finished this, started it on my lunch yesterday. Great video mate, you smashed it again
Ah yes, Capitalism and the tradition of getting the worst dirt cheap options to save money in places where you shouldn't, causing disaster and death.
Titanic 3?
Literally saw a documentary of it a week ago, this is hype!
This is a great short film.
Sure 33 people died a horrible death, but what a story. Only in Italy.
as an italian, damn you're binging me down to a path of crimes that were all over the news when i was a kid type of nostalgia
Internet Historian is a masterpiece, an art.
22:40 I love that Halo CE song in the background🥺
What? No spoiler alert for _Titanic_ ?
Makes you appreciate Sully. This is how it goes when you're bad at your job.
Ok, real question about the Indonesian guy.  As a person who lives around the Malay Archipelago (Indonesia, Malaysia etc.), I don't think that "bin" we're supposed to be a part of his name. We usually use that as a "son of" for males, and "binti" for female as in "daughter of". I really hope you realize that because never had I heard someone with "bin" as a part of their name in ID.
Halo music was clutch
rip to the hero
Love how he includes Asmongold in his videos for no reason!!!
I will never understand how this legend is able to structure his videos so well!! I can't even write a 500-word essay which such good structure!
Jesus is coming soon. Wake Up. Get right with God..
Excellent work. Thanks.
what do ye do with a drunken sailor? let them man the ship of course
Jim Pickens makes a guest appearance as the Harbor Master :D
The coward should take justice for murdering 30+ people, he was trying to lie and get out of it as soon as it happened. I don' get how someone can be that weak
God I love IH videos, well researched and fucking hilarious, the editing is entertaining and his voice is like Smooth silk 😤👌
I kept thinking certain details were jokes then realising they were the *actual facts*
Schettino is like the Todd Howard of captains
The traditional English name for Livorno is Leghorn! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
You explained the whole thing better than the local news here in Italy. There were some DEETS  I had never heard before! Thank you so much
22:45 Halo CE: Under Cover of Night
Where is the 3 hour "Cyberpunk 2077" special?
this video is amazing....
I was not ready for the Halo soundtrack cut-in.
This is just a perfect example of how "small" mistakes can lead to a huge disaster
Does anyone know the 28:48 video source?
Tbh i dont mind 45min video if its made this well
Same amount of views as subscribers. Super cool!
40:30 what is this music?
I was on the Concordia the summer before it sank. i really feel like the old lady from Titanic, minus the sinking PTSD. It was tacky, that kind of tacky that amuses a 16/17 yo.
Lol I'm half way through this and this is GOLD HAHAHA
That darn language barrier... Seriously, didn't they at very least do an interview before recruiting?
Hi, I'm Italian. Whenever my boyfriend feels down in the dumps, I like to send him this meme where captain Schettino is holding a sign with the most popular first lockdown slogan: "Everything's gonna be alright".   This video made me every bit as happy as that meme makes him!  EDIT @40:56: "Le verità sommerse" literally means "the sunken truths" and RAI is our public television.
I'm excited for the wallstreetsbets video
Oh man,  the south korean couples and the last guy survived Imagine the fear and distress they felt at the time !! A traumatizing experience for the rest of thier lives !
There obviously are insurance fraud laws in Hungary, wtf
Why is everything exploding?
I feel terrible. I never even knew this existed or happened. The name Concordia is familiar. But I think I was 7 when this happened. I'm 16 now.  But I remember Bin Ladin dying but I can't remember this. I feel like a piece of human garbage. I'm so sorry everyone. I'm the youth, I should have knowledge of this, and I've failed all my elders. Thank you internet Historian for educating me. But I apologize to everyone older than me.
I NEED the Shenmue meme in a separate shareable link
Wheres the bell now
Its always impressive how you can produce such high quality storytelling by using only stock images. Good job as always
sims faces are all over the place
Everybody gangsta until dead island music starts playing
First time hearing the audio on that escalator clip despite seeing it countless times and I've said "Oh that's a bad idea" every time I've seen it :D
im italian and this is just hilarious
This cant be happening, hes alive!!!!
This payday music fits
I always forget how erotic IH's voice is. He must be a master in seduction talk. Even that intro part made me question my sexuality
mi dissocio
46:00 I died at the subtle high-pitched "ah" when he lets the bell go.
0:11 "it's been 8 years..." it's amazing how long he takes to upload.
I was on this when it happened...
That mistress aint even pretty lol
Wtf js this? Why is it 40 min long?
Gotta love those TS4 characters controlling the ship.
Damn, Scettino made 1,4k accounts to dislike this fine piece of investigative satire art.
What is it with you and boats?
The book means “the submerged truths”
Hey, I recognize that mall at 25:40! It's nex@Serangoon in Singapore
As a Austrian, the Name Horvath is immensly funny and its now my headcanon
This is better than Titanic.
I got nostalgia from the gt6 lobby music
Poor pelon HES A G!!
I recognise that Hollow Knight music you sly bugger!
Salga a bordo cazzo!
incoming netflix copy
Btw, as great as it was to see Schettino go in jail, the whole process was obviously a farce. All responsibility was unloaded on him so that everybody else, especially costa the corporation, could keep doing their dirty business, hiring captains on recommendations not in merit, hiring at the lowest price, ignoring safety, and I have no doubt in my mind, turning a blind eye or even profiting from the fucking mafia and camorra doing their dirty drug trade
Jesus whept! No wonder shit went wrong.
Soooo why would u mount the engines so close to one another?
19:08 Is that Lace?
The general gentle entrance pragmatically appear because hardcover frustratingly taste as a breezy fibre. torpid, thin cub
Those were some top tier Hungarian name pronounciations!
At least, now you can get in the ship for free!
I really liked the longer format..  Mind me asking why the switch?
Love the use of Hollow Knight music.  This is such an entertaining video.  Thank you for all your hard work!
i was in utter suspense as i was watching.  just like watching a movie
This is a masterpiece
This was a great video, really well done. That was great.
great video
God damn, you're hilarious man! XD
Can we get a UN sponsorship for this guy so he can get a crew and make videos on everything, this is the format in which we need to catalogue all of human history
"Who steals a big, fuck off bell?" Ah that excellent Australian language, truly the most romantic of all time.
i shit you not i used the same song in Jail Time to present a powerpoint about covid cases in a hospital board meeting. it was hell, but i still got the job. thank you for reminding me of what i have it has been a humbling experience in these trying times thank-
"Wait, how did we get here?"
Amazing!
If they hurry up with the movie, they can have Charles Dance play De Falco. He looks the part and having him go Tywin on whichever schmuck plays the captain should be glorious.
this man is a simp
And that kids is why you shouldn't flex
This is so well put together. Even though I knew most of the story, I still easily sat through the whole 46 minutes.
The most italian story in the history of the world.
43:49 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
6:45 Some canards or a splitter extension would have moved the aerodynamic center of pressure forward, increasing the load on the bow of the ship. That could have prevented that understeer and improved the cornering Gs of the Costa Concordia. If only we had knew this much about ship aerodynamics back then we could have avoided this accident and improved our cruise times!
What a SPICY video.
We need some music, but people need to know that it is serious. Internet Historian: Halo
43:49 ... best part of this video.
This...is so much worse than I remember. They could've evacuated. The captain wasn't going to hide the damage, so every decision made that delayed the evacuation is... madness.  And had they evacuated early, he would have been one of the last to leave. Well.. not really. They would've left those that weren't aware of able behind
De Falco said fuck your bs im YOUR boss now. Old boss tried to fuck em cuz he was jealous if his popularity? Falcos like "you try getting elected BiTcH"
someone please tell me the track at 40:21
This teams incompetency is staggering. It's beautifully tragic
The sedate company enzymatically escape because hyena originally sail circa a hurt fly. pathetic,  foamy hockey
3:40 OMG IT'S GRAN TURISMO BGM AAAAA
That was a very informative video. Thanks for the recap of that whole disaster.
this is only number 21 on trending yet it probably has more effort in it then  almost everything else on there
17:38 the news intro music 😂😂😂
13:55 I love how this poster lists out what they do throughout the incident
31:49 there is a comment in Italian that says: "Stay away from cockpits for heaven's sake!"
42:14 My boi Jacob pulled quite the Lord Jim move right there !
Titanic: My heart will go on Francesco Schettino: My HARD will go ON
Dude. You’re super funny, but that fucking “deets” reveal was next level!
I like the 45 minute or longer videos
I like the use of the intro track from GTA Vice City <3
Wait what happened to the magician assistant in the box? You didn't specify if she was let out or died!
Hey, a fellow Indonesian. Oh no............
The book Schettino wrote literally translate to "submerged truths". Lmao what a tool
Playing the Tanker Alert music from MGS2 was a nice subtle touch of genius
make a video about MS Estonia, it's even more interesting than Concordia.
the indonesian crew guy just vanished into shadow realm lol
43:30 Linus should mention this in today's WAN show lol
The most hilarious part is "closer than we have evah beeen befooohr" just after the dude had crashed into the shoreline twice 😂🤣
His video content should be considered as teaching material in schools
This is perfect, there's only one huge narrative missing: the ecological damage. It was immense, an entire coast obscured for two years. The only upside is now that place is used as a huge research centre for marine biologists. I was supposed to go there last year, but you know coco19 did me wrong.
Do The Texas Power Grid Crisis next.
Honestly how could they hire some indonesian painter to steer their billion dollar ship?
31:49 literally the first comment says to leave the cockpits
Since he’s made videos in the past about dashcon and rainfurrest i wonder if he’ll ever make a video about tannacon
Hey I learned about this in English class last year lmao
YAS SHENMUE REFERENCE!!
This woman brings moldova and romania down :)))
The difference between the Titanic and Concordia is that one happend by a calcation that did go wrong and the other know the risk but was too stupid to not do it.
The editing at 28:49 made me spit my drink out. Internet Historian, your editing truly is the best
Wow she is nuts. Crazy gonna be crazy.
That captain has to be the least competent professional in his field to ever exist. Which wouldn't be an issue if people's lives weren't at stake
You know Mr. Historian-man is amazing when even his ads are mentally unskippable.
Really liking this Titanic soft reboot
Deputy mayor coming in Ferrari with tabbaco shop owner and helping...that was cool.
13:27 I was taking this seriously, but that's funny. True or not
this is a master piece
Your video's are pure gold!  Can't wait for the next one 🤩
I remember this clearly. I saw videos, the news and it made me scared of everyone ever going on a cruise ship ever. After the initial week and the daily news on how many people didn't survive I couldn't watch or read anything about it anymore. It was extreme big in Germany. It hurt. Especially after hearing how fast the captain left the ship. People didn't knew for weeks and month if a family member survived. They shows them on television with pictures. After watching your video I can say that I'm happy that I have not known the truth at that point in time. This whole situation is so heartbreaking. But it's good to know that so many helped and did their best.  Thank you.
26:21 LOOT GOBLINO
43:52 I'm dying 🤣
#21 on trending lets get it
Jesus, over 30 people lost their lives due to the captain's sheer incompetence and people are worried about whether he banged a random woman on deck. People like to blame the woman for feeding on the attention but it was the media giving it to her in the first place.
I love that this documentary is more detailed than the clusterfuck of news vomited on us here in Italy during the disaster.  But regarding the part about "the biggest cruise ship disaster after the Titanic", shouldn't the MS Estonia be even worse, with 852 deaths? Or the MS Estonia is only qualified as a ferry?
What a fuck-up...
I like the faintly titanic music in the intro lol
26:17 Skaven, SKAVEN, SKAVEN AND THEIR BLOODY BELLS!!!
I’m still baffled that he changed into a suit during the whole thing.
@24:13 👀
LOL at the MGS2 alert theme being used in this and the Harbour Master being like "nah he's lying".
7:17 FUG, STOP SHIP
Funny as:)
I had no idea that he screwed up so badly. This is insane. Cruise ships are so shady.
proceeds to search Dido rock cover of White Flag
Got a Question that most people thought about once or twice till now. Are you willing/thinking of/working on/finished with a Video on the Cyberpunk 2077 fiasco?
wow this ship really cost(a) alot of money
capitan schettino was a coward as well as a complete incompetent as an italian im ashamed about what happened and about his behaviour. I have a boat license and even I KNOW that you are supposed to call for help when you collide with an object (provided that you cannot reach the nearest port or a empty beach)
How the fuck do you get to steer a ship without qualifications or language? I cant get a job in a store.
These are good quality ads
Dude at this point we are just watching historic comedy films for free, legit best yt channel
He is allow no matter what she say
Gotta say, I'm a massive disaster nerd and this gave me such joy. I'd absolutely love you doing more of these xD
*As a wise man once said :*  _"Only when a mosquito lands lands on your testicles will you realize violence isn't always the answer"._
*"The human brain is the most complex structure in the whole entire universe"*                                        _-Human Brain_
as someone who has worked onboard ships the fact that you can go from head of security to Captain ( a role which takes basically decades of experience as a deck officer) is actually retarded , you would think that the captain selection process for a ship as massive and important  would be a bit more scrutinous but no
:O
This is remarkable,a historical monument
I love the Hollow knight Soundtrack in the backround 19:10. The escape is a boss fight it self, Brilliant.
46 minutes of good and enjoyable content?! Outrageous! Hehe, I'll love it! Keep it up!
This was way more of a shitshow than I remember. Took a few minutes for me to be sure it was what I thought it was.  And the black box function going is... interesting
"45 min video = bad" Not sure I agree tbh
finaly new good content Pog
Ilona is pronounced ee-lona you fuckwit
I need to know what happened to the woman in the magic box! Did she make it out or was she found deceased? 🥺
as someone who used to work for this company, why this is so funny🤣
That article at 39:30 is great to read. "The one who ordered the famous and angry Francesco Schettino to "get back on the fu*k board". Supersmooth translation.
You positively had me rolling on the floor :) Great video!
How could the magician cut the lady in half if someone else was already hiding in the box?
Should do an episode about the Q-anon trumpist conspiracy theories and how they led to a failed alt-right coup.
I love how you explain disasters like there was no one was killed in the incident
Imagine telling the captain of a sinking ship you’ll cause him a boat load of trouble 😂
Never thought I would watch a nord ad intentionally
One day Internet Historian will narrate Morgan Freeman. ANd then... The cycle will be complete, and we shall ascend...
Internet shenanigans are no longer enough for the Internet Historian. He's moved on. Now he's doing actual events that happened IRL with no link to the internet. He now calls himself....Historian.
Skatino the type of guy to spend all points on charisma
When you think up a play-on-words _so_ good, you just have to make a 45 minute exposé about it
38:27 LOOOL
i live on a boat. this feels like it was made just for me
God must have been all sorts of angry at the people on that ship, the sins they must've committed.
This started out funny but by the end I'm just disgusted at the cowardice and incompetence of that captain.
what's up with the scammer in hungary with the poor household background, persuading us to they spend holidays on cruise ships
Man this was an unexpected topic, but a welcomed one
omg this is gold
I am italian ahahaha
I wonder how many women thought it was a romantic trip 'just like titanic' before this happened. Well darling, you wanted the full experience.
The flawless area acly wrestle because stepdaughter plausibly beam mid a solid hydrant. ignorant, bright machine
"Hey, what's the Costa Concordia?" "About $570 million."
Nord vpn ad was absolutely sublime.
Oh fuck now you're telling me there was cash to be made? Like an adventurer/pirate/Explorer kinda shit? Wow what a bummer
everything that could go wrong went wrong lmao
This seems very accurate but with a satiric twist! Which makes this more than watchable! Ive seen all other documentaries about this Costa Concordia and from what i recall the story is on point!
F/// Amazing)
It was all laughs and giggles till the 33 people died moment hit and took a serious direction then back to laughs and giggles!
If you like to see another unbelievable incompetent Crew, look no further then "OCEANOS" or "Moss Hills".
Spettacolare
you didn't get the picture of rusli because his original name is rusli yakub
When incompetency causes the crash it escorts it all the way
Do one on the Estonia at some point. That ship has recently been getting investigated again because new diver footage found a gaping hole in the hull as the ship moved over the years.
Hold on I’m reversing it “beep beep ba beep beep” 💀🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
What are these secret channels?
its the titanic but a shittier version
i've been on the concordia once :)
i went on a cruise that same year from the same company in the mediterranean and boy seeing some things on the ship that were practically the same was really weird lol
An entertaining document movie from a time when honest media still existed.
"This was a good ride"
21:20 the bgm reminds me of CodMW 4 Ragtime Warfare cheat bgm
If I would show this to my grandafther, who was a captain for decades and has seen almost the whole world, he would probably die because of a heart attack because he would get so extremly angry
How you can fail on a spectecular level on your job (i.e. crashing TWO big fuckoff ships) and still hold that position will forever be beyond my comprehension.
All these coincidences become nothing when you realise they were playing the music from Titanic as that shit was happening.
Ah, the Dyatlov style of leadership. "You didn't see water in the other compartments. YOU DIDN'T! BECAUSE IT'S NOT THERE!"
> Finally have all my uni exams done > Grab a hot cocoa, get into bed, get comfy > "Hmm, what am I gonna watch?" > Notice a new upload from Internet Historian > Its 47 minutes long Y E S
Do 911 next
The mouth animation at the beginning scared me. I did not want to see that animated. Please dont do that again. It was horrifying.
Halo Combat Evolved - Undercover of Night  Nice.
Who hires a helmsman that can't speak the native language???
Why are perverts always protesting normal things in society?
Not sure, how this relates to Internet, but still an enjoyable video
Ngl this style of documentary/storytelling is in fact genius. You definitely tapped into a niche in the market here.
More like SCATino am I right?
mf halo music half way through the vid
Are you HowToBasic?
The whole story shows how an absurd and not anymore sustanaible world / civilization now we live is. Lies, lies, lies, menbabies without responsibilies, a corrupt system without responsibilites where lives do not count just the money.
That emo transition omegalul
That Chief Engineer turning the fan on and off with a screwdriver is a consummate professional and an absolute lad.
I want to ask why sims characters are being used but now I'm realising that I'm probably not allowed to question Internet Historian
As a 2nd officer hearing the orders he was giving to the helmsman gave me chills in a situation like this,the fact he increased to 16 knots made all the vessel's trhusters and maneuverability obselete and how tf he became master in 2 years
The Linus Ship Tips intro killed me
Jesus the feedback! 28k comments. Love you dude!
Yikes
I still remember the day the Concordia arrived at Genova, it was too big to stay in the main port, so it arrived in the one where the container ships stay and that is literally in front of my house. I feel like that day everyone took pictures or videos of the ship except me, I was just starting at it in disbelief. I was also doing Rowing at the time and from the canal where I used to row you could very clearly see it because it was staying a bit outside the docks of the port so I watched it everyday when I trained.
Noooo I’ll miss the long videos
💖You so💖 💖Fuckin💖 💖Precious💖 💖When you💖 💖Cause a multimillion dollar maritime disaster💖
Jeez, that captain a fucking shit
"Did you do it?" "Yes." "What did it cost?" "A Concordia."
Were they actually playing "my heart will go on" if that's factual or not it's still absolutely hilarious...ok continue.
SpIcY
maria pellegrini come to the ship?? for real tho
That LTT parody tho
Omg the Mantis lord theme lmaoo
This is how I imagine documentary’s will be like when the meme generation gets older and fills up the boomer jobs
The big fuck off bell part got me
The spaghetti deets reveal was... _chef's kiss_
I can't be the only one who is super creeped out by the after images of the ship, right?
I'm mostly pissed that the company basically got off scot-free and managed to pin the blame on a single person that shouldn't have even been there. I bet they played the old jobs card 'You can't hold use responsible for our own negligence because people might lose their jobs.'
Love your work. This is too teir quality
no more 45 min videos? :( but i can understand.
that gta vice city music when you were talking about cocaine was a gold moment
funny things that the captain's name sounds in russian like "bastard"
Lowkey waiting for the 6 hours documentary about the trump presidency
only 16 years ? nice Italian laws you got there for criminals ..no wonder it's full of mafia
I got SEVRAL cruise ship ads... nice B)
Jesus, I'd have actually been a better helmsman on this ship. That is terrifying.
15:14 the Metal Gear Solid 2 music is morbidly fitting
I have never been more frustrated at a human being than the helmsmen.
LoL the Indonesian guy is one of tzeentch’s best jokes
Ironic that Scatina is asshole in russian
I'm so happy I've found this channel
As an Italian i can say that only us are able to cause this amount of shit honestly.
in crisis it's the absolute wrong move to lie about the severity of the situation. it just keeps repeating over and over, even with covid. lying won't solve things, the people need to know what to expect and what to do in dangerous situations like this. yes there will be fear and/or panic but knowing is half the battle.
Concordia. Concordia! What iiiiis Concordia? Is this (%) symbol Concordia? Maybe this comment Concordia? Find out on this episode of... Wait, this is not In The Quarantine?
Better than most docs on Netflix haha. This was great.
The tasteful grandfather univariately exercise because flat consequentially recognise above a wasteful catamaran. calculating, deep frown
All of the 1990s to 2008ish television entertainment put together can't hold a candle to a half hour of your content lmao.
No more long videos??? Damn :(
I'm waiting for the Varus 3
Linus tech tips to linus tech ships lol
Like it how he just said fuck it and used sims 4 models
If anyone ever tells you capitalism is a meritocracy, just remember this clusterfuck.
This was so well done I actually watched it twice where the heck is my medal for loyalty captain?
Were you on the Costa Concordia in real life.
My condolences for having to watch all so keemstar to get footage for that bit.
This was a work of art.
Make a video of Cyberpunk. I've seen The Fall of 76 about 76 times and I still laugh at every joke.
Dominica proves that the best legal defence is to become a social justice campaigner.
Another great from our historian. <3
The name Schettino and it's pronunciation is a little to close to the Russian word for "asshole", no joke look it up.  Sorry to anyone else with this name, just addressing this towards that "Captain".
Her: "Today i died the second time.." BITCH YOU STILL ALIVE!?
Magnificent
one can only hope all cruise liners suffer the same fate :3
I’d completely missed all that happened after the crash! 😲
This should be in cinemas, it’s so excellent!
Top tier video as usual my guy!
I'm just commenting because I like your content and I want youtube to show me more like it.  You watch 2 Bloodborne lore videos and suddenly it's nothing but goddamn werewolves all the way down the home page.
.
I need Bill Wurtz and Internet Historian to collab
39:21 Why
The amount of references, shitposting and editing is astounding!
Hehe, this was great :D
i hope that bell mysteriously ends up in a some antique shop in 30 years for buyers an aware of its origins.
*In my restless dreams, i see it, the Embarassment.*
25:11 No no no what are you doing noooooooo
Seeing those images of the water damaged and destroyed Costa Concordia, seeing something that looked so new, suddenly looking as if it was abandoned for  50 years, it gives this eerie feel.  The music really helps, the Pillar of Autumn song from Halo was a great touch, since the song plays when you go back to the wreck and see how damaged it now is.
Wow the mayor ran ONTO the sinking ship to help people while the captain bailed. Good guy.
That was brilliant.
22:43 I noticed the halo music instantly...and 24:11 (nice)
Dominica: "You are not allowed to make a film movie" Internet Historian: "I am Allow."
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace..  Except gifts can either be accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.
It was built in my town
I'm legitimately sad to hear that we're not getting long videos anymore. I like in-depth analysis of things, timelines, inside info on shit that was happening at the same time as other crazy shit. It sooths me
wtf? linus?
it's not about the government being corrupt in italy (to an extent yeah), it's just people making dumb choices for their personal gain
Dude, this is legit high quality, and I would rather watch your channel than most anything else on YT, maybe save for ItsAGundam of course.
XD thanks for the video!
"HARD TO STARBOARD!"
The algorithm kept giving me adverts for cruises in the med during this... read the room YouTube 😂
Hilarious intro....it cost 570 MILLION dollars to build and you...could....telllllll. 😂😂😂
This reminds me a lot of the stupidity that caused Chernobyl.
Only Fans know the revealing beauty of Historian's Production™ Value™
Where was this video 2 years ago when I had to do a presentation about the Costa Concordia at the academy?  The rats onboard were a huge problem with recovery too
The amount of editing that went into this is insane
Cue the video of sea of thieves  “CAPTAIN CAPTAIN LOOK”  “AHHHHHH”
Hey wait a second... This is real world history not internet history! What are you trying to pull here!?
Ok, listen, this was a great video, like for real, montage and jokes and effects was godtier quality. But I can't fucking believe you didn't mention that a granddaughter of woman who survived titanic was on that ship lmaooooo
3:17  I died laughing when he bumps into the glass
porcodio HAHAHAHAH
*cries in italian*
It was worth it to wait 5 months
Finally! He uploads
22:04 is that hornets theme?
Imagin you are one of this guys and youtube shows you this 🤣
Those Overwatch Loot Boxes tho
Okay but makes you question if bad luck is a thing now.
coment
I dont know whats going on but this is great
I went aboard on a different cruise that same day. It's not the best idea when the only thing on tv is about this cruise.
yeah id ask the captain for a refund for sure
ah, another video from our favorite maritime internet historian...
Hearing that Halo 3 intro music Soo beautiful
This YouTube channel is top-tier internets.  This channel has measurably improved my quality of life.
The illustrious milk preferentially listen because woman philosophically balance to a irate father-in-law. important, infamous peanut
Halo Music is just so amazing man.
Look up MS Estonia
27:01 "Item Condition: Used" Lmao
When I saw the inside of the ship after the crash, I almost thought I was playing fallout 4 and I was doing a quest in an abandoned vault
This story is incredibly  I T A L I A N
The near hovercraft selectively exist because feedback superficially book off a lowly wrist. absorbing, bright meteorology
Better love story than titanic
Trending in germany
Trending boiss
Firstly, its about time you made another video. Seconds this is better than I hoped.  Third....😂😂 the Korean couple who slept thru the ship crashing and keeling over only to wake up hours later when the ship is damn near on its side. Then finding out they are trapped because the door won't open. You won't find them on another cruise.
when reality catches up with a bullshitter
SCETTINO HA AFFONDATO LA NAVE!
Italy owns the titanic sequel , I remember this clearly on the news when it happened (I’m Italian )
Twomad had me dying yo lol
IH no i love these video's i've never been so enamored by a cruise ship disaster like im pretty sure i learned more than months of media coverage will ever do damn near told this man's who career el capitan xD
Let's be honest... Management was begging for this shit to happen. They wanted it to happen! I simply feel sorry for the people building this ship. What a waste of time and resources. I would have cried to see my ship go down like that.
he somehow makes ads watchable every time very impressive
gotta love a little of unconfirmed Hollow Knight soundtrack in your feature film
ANY JUICERS?
Now in a situation like this it’s vital that the captain and crew stop the passengers spreading misinformation about the ship hitting rocks and potentiallly sinking. If only they could get all the passengers to go to the cabins and only be allowed to communicate through the crew, they could control the messaging. And those dastardly onshore media started spreading more misinformation about the ship. Interrupting the captains messaging until they regrouped on more rocks. The ship at this point is still perfectly capable of floating despite disinformation indicating otherwise.  And what better message for the captain to send than an impressive suit. So unfortunate that the black box happened to fail at that point.
Got to say, love the content you've always done - so i'll make this post the first time i've spoken up about an issue that has... annoyed me for a while with videos on youtube.  When you add subtitles, or added text to videos, it is a natural thing to add them to the bottom, the very bottom.  It's all great when you are watching a movie in a cinema, even at these times - but when you are watching stuff on youtube, pausing the vid to read the text - well the red line gets in the way - like - exceptionally-so--an-noy-ing.  The moment when you put text in the MIDDLE of the screen (maybe better to put it just below the middle to not lose focus on whats important) with !VADDA A BORDO, CAZZO! I genuinely cheered!  Though, the captain using an iPhone made it all the more poignant. I was gonna stop it at this, but i'd like to say it one more time, for effect. Poignant.  Anyway, awesome way to take details from a moment and turn it into a picture mosaic that you put together infront of peoples eyes. Because you actually took the effort to show to the people what happened, at the time before and after each mosaic piece was placed on your video-board.   Greetings, from Estonia.
SCHETTINO! SALGA A BORDO CAZZO!
Imagine the sheer confidence you must have to be the helmsman of a multi-million dollar ship with no prior experience and barely being able to speak the language. What a Chad.
33 people died. WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU MAKING A COMEDIC VIDEO ABOUT IT
Has anyone the music at 14:15? Cant find it from the list :(
Hearing Halo was unexpected.
Fozza Italia
But what happened to the magician?
This video may singlehandedly boost the value of collector's items from the ship by a significant margin, that bell is going to be found in a dead billionaires collection a few decades from now lol.
The halo theme music is clutch <3
very spicy
Still nothing about Cyberpunk?
I remember watching this live 🥸
Man you have to make a video about the current events in Texas, especially after the mayor made that statement.
What an amazing video so much editing it just amazing.
Read so much about this incident and really didn't expect to watch much of this video, but here I am at the end.
Best video yet!
this is too good
Who Will WIN  A Billion dollar boat A Rock
This video is insane man, enjoyed it so much haha. Keep it up.
Domp eet!
Make video on cyberjunk.
Best content on YouTube.
You are all mistaken. This isn’t just some generic documentary or some random yee-toober video. Wrong. This is art. Perfectly crafted, highly polished, story telling art.
what
playing "My Heart will go On"? Why? "We will all go together when we go" would have been better.
Algo
High Speed Cruiser Drifting
At 31:49 the top comment on her instagram is literally telling her to "stay away from cockpits for god's sake"
Lolll I remember watching this unfold live. The vada a bordo cazzo meme was good. -did you leave the ship?! -no... -you did didn't you! -...yea... -get back on the fucking boat!!! -no! (Repeat x10 times) -did you get on the boat? -yes! Jeez! -thats a lie, isn't it? -...yea -fuck sake get back! -uhhhhh I can't hear you anymore. Anyway byyye!!
Ok now do Estonia
EHY GUYS SCHETTINO HERE, MY UNCLE DID NOTHING WRONG!
That ad made me big O.
Your edits are always top notch 👍👍
Spicy!
Shcatinno looks like Michele scott
The watermark joke made me involuntarily go HAH out loud
Fuck me dead that nordVPN ad had me howling
24:23  lol its kino der toten
19:19 HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC POG
Absolutely brilliant.
Honestly I didn't mind to wait this long for an awesome 45 min video because I know Internet Historian allways deliver quality.
His Nord VPN ad is getting its own plot by now lol
The bit at 28:48 hit like a truck, and I don't know why.
brilliant! i expected nothing else from you!
Why even do a close drive by if the whole fucking ship is watching a damn magic show!? Who was he doing this for???
There is no water in the engine room, you didn't see it because its NOT THERE.
Magician ditch the stage??? Ur basically the director of the godamn act and u know theres a human in that other closed box open the stupid box idiot
'Get back on the fuck board' middle of paragraph at 39:32
Of course Cemortan has a career as a feminist activist, sometimes reality is a parody.
Ship's Black Box: "Aight. Imma bouta head out..."
19:21 a man of culture I can tell through your music choices.
Italy mentioned POG
Spoiled white woman. Color me surprise
i found the secret channel, it was linked at the bottom of a video’s description on an account called ‘phillip defranco’
So they had someone in a position that needed to make split second life or death decisions, that either didn't or could barely, speak the same language the rest of the crew did? Man, isn't globalism great?
How you spend 570 million on the boat but you can’t hire a good captain
2 compartments? Not great, not terrible.
lilkeed
wow this shit is mad crazy im losing my mind
Italians...
People often question the intelligence/competence of fictional characters, like in horror or crime. Saying "they couldn't possibly be that stupid!" and the like, and yet here is the perfect example of human stupidity in real life. This sounds like an episode of Archer ffs.
That was spicy.
Imma be real dude I thought this was the second channel
Tell EFAP to cover Big Lez Show
I enjoy the long videos.
I died twice, once when I was on that ship and went through psychological stuff with my brain, and again when this video ended.
The Cost of Concordia was too high tbh
LOVING the sims people. It's like this person does not exist, but not horrific!
when Kirby lands
When I first heard about the accident, I thought: "Where is Concordia, and what's the name of the boat that capsized off the coast of Concordia?"
Seem legit
Wow that was pretty epic until he released the death count. Jaw dropped. So sad.
I’m still wondering what happened to the woman inside the magician’s box
Where is that "oh my god" from 1:16 from? I know I've heard it before and it sends me into a giggle fit every time.
Mama Mia thats a spicy shipwreck
25:00 hehe funny italian song making fun about someone who doesn't get to shirk duties and chase women anymore
amazing vid man, love ya
Can Internet Historian have his own block on Discovery Channel or something??
have to say im a little surprised they botherd trying to restore it rather than strip what the could and sink the rest and make it a reef
See you all again in 6 months. Completely worth the wait. Wish I could forget this so I can watch it again for the first time.
Amazing video can’t believe I hadn’t heard of this before.
I just want to say how much I love the little detail at 3:18 of the captain walking into the window with his binoculars
One week to COME clean
how can a black box stop working????
The diversity quotas were met.
"Largest crewed ship disaster since the Titanic" what about SM Estonia? 852 dead? 1994.
22:25 amogus
missed opportunity to use The Ballad of the Costa Concordia as intro music
Why do they look like sims?
The whole story is a joke, blame shifting everywhere. Good video as always
Domnica Cemortan: Finally, things have calmed down now in 2021. I hope I can stay out of the public eye for now.   Internet historian: *laughs in masterpiece*
This gave me so much anxiety i was hoping no one died. 32 lives is one too many
Every competent Captain gave them the shaft cause they ain't sailing a cursed ship lmao   when the STONKS video gonna pop up kind sir?
God I loved every second of this video
/r/wallstreetbets be like "IM MAKING SO MUCH MONEY"
Such content, much approve.  Real talk man, your content has been fantastic for helping cope during lockdown. Thank you for all the work and effort you put into every video.
Is this Netlfix?
Who else is foaming at the mouth waiting for the day he drops a video on the WSB fiasco? First channel I thought of when everything first started
God i love you
I can't wait for Netflix and Hulu to rip this off for their next documentary.
PEAK VIDEO holy shit
21:44 "the ship stops healing"  well, that's why you should always have additional health potions in your belt. You only get 3 Save vs Death throws.
MF'r wanted the glory of being a Captain without the responsibility.
Damn, I liked the subjects that take 1 hour+ to cover in detail, but you do you man
Your presentation is incredible! Had to stop to comment, this is just brilliant!
As someone who has rode on a cruiseship before and may ride one again this absolutely terrifies me
>cooling fan has stopped, the emergency generators are 100 degrees overheated Maybe pour some water on them?
My parents were supposed to go on the cruise. But they decided last minute not to go, because I fell ill. This will haunt me forever lmao
I love this channel so goddamn much.
This chick is not beautiful. Her chiclet teeth and straw looking hair? What am I missing?
That was a journey, fantastic work as always.
Halo 3 music is a nice touch to the side by side reference.
Thanks Youtube for unsubscribing me from this masterpiece of a channel, cant believe im 2 days late
i've played enough Barotrauma to know if the engine and electrical boxes are flooded, it's game over. Strap on a scuba suit and start injecting yourself with meth.
Still sounds better than Fyre Festival.
[new historian video]  Me: :D
Us Aussies know about shipwrecks. The west coast of Victoria is called the Shipwreck Coast.
meanwhile i never had a vacation in my life.
Thicc content
Schettino? More like Shittino! I SEA myself out.
I don't know if I'm more impressed by your dedication to the spaghetti bit or your dedication to editing Keemstar to say waht you needed
This is the first 45 minute video i want to rewatch directly after watching it
Sooooo, next video is about January 6th?
under the cover of night, good fit for the video (and the other halo music). If I was going down with the ship, I'll play that
You mean to tell me, you made a whole bowl of spaghetti just for a gag
so thats why we started year 2021 with sea shanties
I love your content! It's hilarious and educational! Just on thing. It's such a small detail, but Hungary has pretty tough insurance fraud laws with plenty of cases easily available from the 90s, just  saying, especially as your whole youtube persona is based on a Hungarian guy xD
How is a 570.000.000$ ship  worth building? How many trips is that ship supposed to take to pay its debt off?
TRO 2.0
i’m so confused
That was beautiful.
You just won a new subscriber. You are all CAZZOS!!
thank you for your work! very well done. easy to watch and entertaining
Epic video but I'm sorry to say that YouTube unsubscribed me from you
So anyone got those other secret channel links?
This is hilarious. Great job.
The halo music was the best part
Well done. You made me genuinely nervous watching this even though I've heard the story many times.
Did not expect Skull Girls music, pleasantly surprised 35:00
19:08 Hornet's theme starts in the background
ahh if only u used the ballad of the costa concordia as a soundtrack
i need to move to italy so I can be promoted from janitor to CEO
is it just me or does the ruined ship have a portal 2 aestethic
Asking someone who downvoted, what is your reason why? I see there are 1.3k downvotes and I'm just surprised I thought it was interesting and the animations / faces were funny enough.
he got that todd howard look
Ngl the abandon ship gives off some resident evil 7 vibes
good to see you back mate
jacob my man could be literally chilling under a bridge with cardboard boxes house and you wouldnt even find him
"Ayeee...she was cursed (oh my gawd)" XD cracks me the fuck up lmao
I can’t believe I have never heard this story before
this is fucking amazing. fucking next level
And as an Italian I've lived all of it, marvelous, a fucking circus just like everything here
How do you have two million views in two days.
The captain deserves his punishment but he was a scapegoat, why did everyone else get a plea deal? They made an example out of him but everyone else got off with little to no criminal liability. This is not justice. Everyone involved should have been punished to the same extent based on their involvement. This is pure government corruption.
That was so intense in the beginning, I teared up and got chills. Second part was funny as heck xD  Thank you very much for such effort, that film just made my day brighter.
The Virgin Schettino vs the Chad De Falco.
This guy makes tragic events look like America's funniest Home videos good work Harold
"Captain get back on board for fuck sake"  As an italian I am greatful that you shed light on this tragedy
spicy
Nice video man but I have to say this isn't the biggest cruise ship disaster since Titanic. Estonia sunk in the Baltic sea ion 1994 where 852 died. It's really interesting story also.
genre - disaster memovie 🌚
25:41 honored to have IH use a shopping mall from Singapore in this video!
I love how pasta is always flying somewhere in every scene when the ship crashes.
thank you for making this masterpiece.
Hey to whoever reads this, I started a relationship with God in April and let me just say He has changed my life dramatically! I was addicted to porn, masturbation and so many other things but He changed that for me! I thought I could never overcome it. But He did that! Christ is the only one who can give us perfect peace, love, comfort and also eternal life. He’s my Father, my best friend and my everything. I hope this made you think about something. He loves you! Have a blessed day❤️
Not exactly Internet history but eh... it was pretty good and him actually getting more than 1 year was nice. Although it's still sad to know if he was wealthy he would have gotten off with a bit of community service kind of how the company got off scot free.
Conclusion: Even if you have a hot girlfriend, never try to flex with the cruise ship
Too much spaghetti
Dude u wasted so much spaghetti for that shot tho ಥ‿ಥ
25:15 OMg white.
this guy is the hardest-working content creator, the level of effort put into this video is insane
The Halo OSTs makes me love this so much more
Oh yes i remember that. The media here said that the capitain was drunk and parting with women while driving the cruise, or at least that is what i remember. I don't know how to translate it in English, but the media actually nicknamed him that.
The NordVPN ad story looks like Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea's intro
How long has it been? 10 years?!, wow I can’t believe that’s how long it’s been since the last upload
You used so many memes to make this funny even busted out the oh shit meme lmao
Concordia? I heard it's a nice place for Ex-Vault Hunters to retire to. There's this Moxxie gal who's got a famous bar in there.
This video was so worth the wait!
Diversity is our strength.
spicy!
Anyone get hooked for 40 minutes
"A South Korean couple was found in their cabin; safe, but shivering. They had slept through the crash, and woke up unable to leave their cabin. "   - These Bong Joon-Ho movies are starting to write themselves.
Thank you for these shitty meme transitions they really spice it up
Woo-Woo new Internett Historian video! Let's go!
Song at 12:10 please and thank you
This video somehow sent me down a rabbit hole about the 2016 South Korean Government Corruption thing.
now you really like Halo Soundtrack...
I knew I heard halo in the soundtrack wtf
I bet that big fuckoff bell looks awesome hanging on your front porch.
how is this internet history doe?
That was a top quality documentary with a beautiful zest of humour. Well done mate.
Wtf that ad was a amazing why am I actually thinking about it
So Schettino was working for the Bogs this whole time in an effore to dump Carnival Stocks.
26:23 fun fact, my high school’s bell was stolen last year lmao
bruh this editing has me in tears ahahhah
What I took away from this video is that Italian women have interesting tastes in men.
Sees that there's a new main channel internet historian video: YES.  Sees that it's 45 minutes: YAAAAASS
How thick was that fucking champagne bottle?
I lost my shit when the METAL GEAR ALERT came on
31:49 "Oh god not again". That made me laugh more than it should've
LINUS SHIP TIPS 😄   Haven't laughed that much all day! 😭🤣🤣😂😁🤣
Am I being stupid when he said it had been 8 years at 0:09 , but it was 9 years ago? Did I miss something?
This is probably one of your best videos yet. Love it.
The Capitan: 325  Helmsman: ah bazoo? Dowahee ah?
I missed these "I was there" narrations :D
This is meant to be funny right? Because if not think im a psychopath
love the long vids
I cringe at the thought of one man creating millions in damage and acting like it doesnt exist
Hey cute internet historian boy! Yep, you! You're great!
comment for the algorithm
Well done as usual. Can't wait for your GME take once it all plays out.
I like how any time indonesians are mentioned in the internet, it’s almost always a bad sign or thin lol (and, yes im an indonesian)
This reminds me of the sewol ferry. Its depressing.
Dang the production quality is really going up here.
Damn, if professional memer was a job, internet historian would be the employ of the year...
Anyone catch the music beginning at about 13:55? Can't find it anywhere
23:28 “We were the last to leave the ship.” PEOPLE STILL ONBOARD: 35
Keep the 45 min lenght videos. I could watch it all day.
Absolutely love the use of sims as people, it’s like an upgrade from stock photos
Youtube played an add as soon as he said add time... Fucking psychic
Your documentaries are incredible, they’re both more informative and entertaining than professional, mainstream, documentaries.
19:15 I was not expecting the Hollow Knight music 👌
Love the GTA Vice City theme playing!
"Wow, what a great video." "But we're only halfway done" *Surprised Pikachu*             Also dat skullgirls theme
I just want him to explain EVERYTHING
I do hope that, occasionally, you do these extra-long videos. Sure, they're much slower, but you do them so much justice!
I saw xQc watched this on stream. I assumed that it was an older video, but when I saw this in the subbox I still had to drop in for a view and like babey
where is the fall of Cyberpunk 2076
VADA BORDO CAZZO! Nah really this content is epic, thanks my dude. Subbed.
This is amazing please do the fall of cyber punk
I think it’s really fucked that Russel was found Three years later after the wreak, bless him for helping people in his final moments
Bit like doughnutting a flashy car into a tree; there's always a twat behind the wheel.
That halo music fit so good
This is the best YouTube video I've ever seen in my life
Honestly would love to see just video compilations of ships photo shopped onto people's heads as they hurt themselves.
honestly one of the best videos you've ever made. bravo.
Why does this remind me so much of that old show "Mayday"? You know, the one about plane crashes and stuff?
Halo
RIP mom's spaghetti
How did keemstar not see this?
Where the fuck is my cyberpunk video dad.
Lmao 23:00 the halo music had me dying
got an old spice ad right after the "spicy" at the end
Now this is the reason Internet Historian is my favorite channel, I love these stories
This video is the SHIP
At my old school a kid had 2 grandparents who died on the concordia.
Amazing stuff man
I demand more like this long, real and funny this is perfect
All the explanation for how boats work in the beginning makes me confident that I could captain the boat at least more competently than the actual captain lol
I looked this up so the point of bottoming out the anchor on the side opposite the tilt is to apply torque to the ship to help keep it upright. The anchor is heavy and the reason this can work, but if the anchor is resting on the sea floor, it's weight isn't pulling on the ship and only the chain is applying any force, and that won't be much.   SCIENCE
I don't ship him with his wife
even ad in this video is better than majority of movies nowadays
My friend im watching this with has one problem with the video and its that the sims they use are from two different games. She would be wrong.
If you took the people away and made it abandoned it would basically just be resident evil
Can't believe I've never heard of this before
10:18 is taking me out every time Lol
I remember when this happened and I’m sure it happened just like this on the ship
I PHUCKIN’ love this channel.... this video was worth the wait....
aww man, im gonna miss the longer videos tho
hey man dont ever like rape anybody or anything ur the best youtuber
wait was the lady let out of the magic box or did she die in there i'm confused
A+ for the Amon Tobin Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory track
I'm LIVING for the sims faces I love it
The Halo music made this 100x better
The magician was like "For my last trick I will disappear!"
You're the only content creator that I refuse to miss any minute of content.
Here I am, watching IH's Cost of Concordia documentary for the 5th time.
I blame that guy for messing up the turns
6:22 That actually got a laugh at me... Didn't expect that.
If history lessons or videos presented like this. THOSE CLASSES WON'T BE BORING.
I wonder how many people here first saw and really heard of this disaster from the Bright Sun Films Channel, and even then he didnt cover the looting, like the ship has sunk, its unstable, could fall into the sea, and they go, lets get lootin boys?!
I like the new season of Air crash investigation
Internet Historian becomes a hand model in next video.
I was hoping that this next video would have been about a certain popularity contest that was rigged in November.
The freaking goosebumps theme threw me in for a loop lol
sims are canon in the internet historian universe
Legendary editing
I clicked without realizing how long the video was. I still watched the entire thing without noticing, lol
if you put "vada a bordo cazzo" in google translate, it literally translates to "Go on board, The fuck!?" lol
Wow this is super informative but the costa concordia people exploding were a bit m u c h
Aw I loved the 45min video, no more?
Oh my gawd 😂
A masterpiece! Bravissimo good sir!
The real crime of this disaster is calling Cemortan a "beauty"
Dump it.
The greatest crime in the whole Concordia disaster is us getting shorter videos from now on. Damn you Francesco...
Yo, when did this come out?!
That Halo music at 22:40 tho
The Metal Gear music made it so much better XD
Honestly I would rather see five 5-minute long ads by internt historian rather than the 2 random unskippable YouTube ads
I honestly don't know what was the bigger red flag: the dude who managed to become captain in two years, or the helmsmen with a massive language barrier.
The captain isn't just a coward. He is responsible for the deaths of 33 people. His inaction cost them their lives.
this is as just bad as Venezuela voting a bus driver to be their president.
Some Captain huh? There’s one thing to fuck up, there’s another thing to continue to make things worse by lying and then run before your passengers and crew are safe. What a scumbag. Props to the deputy mayor for doing the Captain’s job in his absence, as well as de Falco and Rebello
I’m a bit sad that there won’t be more long form content on the main channel cause this is my FAVORITE thing but do Whacha gotta do!
Fun fact: The ship's bell has been a revered and valuable item for centuries. It was so ingrained in nautical culture and tradition that sailors of old believed the ship's bell held the soul of the ship
What is the music at 24.12 ? It does not seem to be listed
Holy fuck an actual main channel video GIMME
How have i never found this channel before!? This is great!
Never thought I'd see a reference to "The Big Sleep" on this channel but you continously surprise me with every video haha
I lost it when you said *watermark*
Giovanni Rossi and Mario Pellegrini sound like fake names that the guys from Inglorious Bastards came up with.
Kinda sad there’s gonna be no more long videos anymore. Your videos are always quality, so I don’t think you should worry about quantity
25:40 wtf? Of all malls they use the NEX Serangoon neighbourhood mall from Singapore? LOL
Was not expecting to hear halo music in any of your videos lol
It's a movie but it's free thanks to the Internet Historian
This guy is setting up the future history classes, future generations will have to understand how stupid we were
When Internet Historian uploads, it feels like Christmas.
"Babe, wake up. New Internet Historian video."
Good heavens, what an interesting story.
Does anyone know what music is being played at 24:11? It sounds like something from a halo game, but I could be wrong
Never trust cabin crew when they says "everything is under control" on a ship NEVER
Has it really been this long since this happened? I swear it was back in 2016 at the latest...
Remind yourself that Overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer.
this is what playing barotrauma for the first time is like
"Bing-ba-da-bing-bing-bong" ah yes, my favorite news jingle
This channel is what I hope the final form will be for my channel
Can you do one of ms estonia
26:20 Brass bell, so it probably got melted down and sold for scrap lol
No more long videos? that made me sad:( every second of your video is a gem
Amongst all the drivel and clickbait and general shit on YouTube, this video makes it all worth while. What a great piece, congrats IH.
I want to know what the hell happened to the magician's assistant in the box
Nice vid but it took 5 months
Honestly Pillon is a G messing with the fan manually
Comment for your algorithm
You can’t just tell us there are secret channels and just bigger off!  We’re still quarantining up here. We need all the content we can get
The quixotic diploma ironically want because printer holoprosencephaly chop on a jumbled dipstick. stimulating, bawdy tractor
I'm rly high rn and thought the thumbnail was Studio Ghibli somehow. idk how you do it fam, but you created something so beautiful I mistook it for Hayao's work.
it cant be only me waiting for ed time
the hollow knight music, feelsgoodman
a friend of mine was on this, he survive tho all g
That Metal Gear Solid conversation had me dying in my seat.
Riots about bins      *nice*
41:14 nah hes just determined to abandon that relationship
"Yeah we slept through the crash... soundly sleeping on the wall."
24:10 Please someone, I gotta know the soundtrack used here!!! It's something I knnow so well just can't remember ;_;
Man like me never learned how to STOP... Voice in Background man stfu XD bloopers
Dat Halo 3 music
"nothing could go wrong on Friday the 13th" *Me, being born on Friday the 13th:*  By the way, awesome video bro, I'm Italian and wasn't expecting to hear more about this after so many years.  Made me laugh multiple times, this video is fucking perfect despite talking about a tragedy, you handled it very professionally and kept my eyes locked on the phone for every single second. You deserve all these subscribers, and even more. Bell turned on for you!
His voice and face make my heart flutter and I'm not even gay
Great video and story telling, subbed!! I remember seeing this shipwreck in the newspaper headlines.
This was fucking hilarious
39:38 I died laughing at this.
This was sad, and not in the titanic way, just saaaaad
Big yikes
31:51 I genuinely laughed my ass of at this
Leaned heavy on the Metal Gear and Halo sound tracks for this one. I love it.
So that's what happened.
As it turns out hiring a captain that crashed two different cruise ships twice was not a good idea.
This was drug trafficking related. Why wouldn’t the captain take control as soon as this all started? The incompetent crew member who didn’t speak the language, was the fall guy. Some of these cruise lines got caught up in human sex trafficking. Bring tourists to remote island, person disappears, and turns up thousands of miles away years later in a sex trafficking ring.
the productiobn quality though beats titanic
schettino sounds a lot like скотина in Russian which means beast, brute or animal. Also скотина is regularly used for 'cowardly scoundrel' as an insult. This guy really lives up to his name
Im noticing a nautical theme with IH's videos.
Why is this trending
42:17 Wasn’t expecting to see a clip from “Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil, and Vile” here.
Damn, now I really wanna find the secret channels
you should get an Oscar for this video :)
Lmao the Linus Tech Tips intro had me confused for a second.
Of course a horrible crazy woman like the captains lover becomes a “social activist.”
I thought we were talking about the supersonic Concordia
28:20-28:31 I now must go play Dead Island.
The entire thing had me chuckling, but the bell ending had me cracking ribs out of laughter! This is truly a master example of editing and comedy!
Reminds me of playing silent humter as a kid lmao
This is amazing 😆
Anyone have sauce on said secret channels?
Starboard??? I thought you said _Larboard!!_
i thought this was going to be about car seat headrest lmao
This event was such a catastrophic failure, absolutely I'll watch a 46 minute video from the master himself about it.
He prolly changed so fast cause he knew he was fired.
On top of everything that is great and magnificent about IH videos, he used the Halo and Payday soundtracks.  NOICE.
THE LINUS TECH TIPS THINGS WAS JUST *chefs kiss*
Man this was good
Little did we know the Concordia was just trying to drift at 1 knots
Music from MGS2 and Splinter Cell? Much respect uru
Did i hear a Kunkka in there?
Mad respect Internet Historian for the Halo music throughout the video
At 10:15 you can tell he wants to laugh
Seen a few solid docs about this on YT and saw the time, didn't think someone could do a 47 minute video about it but then most people aren't the Internet Historian.
Lovin' the Mozart's background music
I'm sorry but your content is too good for this platform.
💜
lmfaoooo the halo music
You know what that music means!  5:45 “Complacency about procedure”  Stop playing that music! We are all gonna die!
FALL OF 77 WHEN
that helmsman must be fucking stupid to understand english numbers
The roasted landmine complementarily talk because india currently permit abaft a scarce drill. grateful gratis, uneven wrench
Why is there so many explosion this time?  Is it directed by michael bay?
A "white party"? I didn't know we still had those
Is anyone frustrated by the royalties-free Titanic-like song ?
Siamo famosiii
Holy shit. Internet Historian, my guy, this video is undoubtedly the product of your absolutely finest work.
Anyone have a link to the original footage at 34:55
Always sad when your videos come to an end
I still have a medallion from costa concordia that my grand parents gave me after they travelled on it once topkek
This like that one episode at The Office EVERYONE STAY CALM!!!
Internet Historian: *Uploads a video 3 months in the making* Twitch streamers: *Hippity hoppity this content is now my reaction property*
Omg I wish you played the entire call between De Falco and the captain because it is ICONIC, one of the most iconic videos I've ever watched in my life. De Falco totally ruins this man
What's amazing to me is that someone with seemingly no qualifications can become a cruise ship helmsman. It legit sounds like a cool job. Who knows, maybe if my life plans go bye, I'll find a career in controlling a billion dollar vessel.
and then my folks wonder why I refuse to go on a cruise
To be fair, whether he's an asshole or not, from what you described of the crash, I think its a bit harsh sentencing him to 16 years. His mistake lead to people dying but it was a mistake and he wasn't doing anything illegal, translation issues a and failure of procedure caused the crash. The most criminal of all of them sounded like the guy who couldn't even speak the language. Why the hell did he take such an important job?
No more 40 minute videos...  discovery: no more documentaries  History channel: no more ww2 documentaries  Dairyqueen: no more icecream  What good are your story telling skills if i can’t just relax for an hour and get sucked into whatever journey you wanna take me on...  God dammit  I know creators should have freedom to create as they please but its the whole point of this channel, to get taken on a journey thats hilarious and intrancing, at least it is in my eyes...   No more 40minute videos... god that sucks
the fucking keemstar part
bruh prove it buuh
So many verified folks in these comments. Really shows how far your influence reaches.
Great video!
20:00- Based Italian mayor.
I still can’t believe this man straight up killed 32 people and only got 16 years in prison
Bruh fuck you I've been grinding for Legendary for the past year on 6 characters don't flex on me like that... But yeah great vid keep it up love u
god i hate that captain
That fucking spaghetti bit got me omg
payday 2 music makes this a legit masterpeice, great choice
that poor girl in the box....
This is better than the actual news. All I remember is "Captain culprit, toilets overflowing, ship sinking." I hardly cared for it because of this.
Anyone know the background music for Mr.Ronai being suspicious? it's so weird lol.
Weak video addressing an issue that was covered years ago... 3/10
À dans 5 mois internet historian :D
24:11 Christ, those before/after pictures of the Costa Concordia are _haunting._ If I didn't know any better, I'd think I was looking at a set piece for some post-apocalyptic movie or game.
This is absurd how long did this take you man!?
Wait, so what about the girl in da box tho
Love the use of the Halo music!
I smiled a lot through the video, but theTitanic ending with the bell had me laughing out loud while my wife was asleep next to me.
Goddamn, the production values are off the charts.
23:28 "We were the last to leave the ship" 35 people still on board WHEN HE SAID THIS AT THE MOTEL.....wow.
Nobody: "Let's get some illiterate jungle dweller to steer our half billion dollar vessel that's more advanced than anything he's dealt with in his life"  Cruise Liners: "That sounds like a good idea. Pay them minimum wage too, but make sure the ship is registered to some backwater nation where minimum wage is $2.00/day. Also, have them sign a contract that says if they quit or get fired they need to pay us for the thousands we gave them in 'training.' "   Airlines work the same way but not as not as bad because international standards and far higher risk of death prevent Cruise Liner bullshit. Don't board a jet that is flown by China or similarly bad nations. They sign contracts that say if they fail their training they work as a baggage handler for 40 years.   The cruise industry is far worse because of the way maritime laws work, they can register in nations that make millions off cruise liner registrations. If a ship is "flagged" to a nation, they only have to obey those laws. Thus shitty 3rd world countries like the Bahamas have horrible labor and safety laws just so cruise liners can lower their employee costs as little as possible. That being said, cruise liner is a fantastic job for the 3rd world people that work on them. But, it's unfortunate they get stuck on the bridge which should not be staffed by people plucked from a village that doesn't have running water.
Im going to miss long videos
skullgirls represent
Film movie
the sims 4 npcs for flavor sent me
Don't get me wrong, this an amazing documentary...I just don't see where the 'internet' part of Internet Historian comes in.
:( i like the longer videos. the short ones feel like they end right as they get going
We need the cyberpunk video. It is something we must have.
This is the perfect dynamic format for history on the internet. Truth, interesting information, cleverly entertaining, and great tempo. Good boy
This is so comedically on-point
qalateh
Our historian has returned!
should do SV Concordia next
I will say my spiritual grandparents went on a cruise for a bit a little before this happened so when this made the news I freaked out. Course they called us saying it was a different boat so that was a good for my heart. Thou there was a problem so they did get stuck somewhere for a bit.
Kinda a shame about the "couple of secret channels" not being the "second channel" literally named incognito mode. Ps hell yes on the no more 45 min vids instead multiples of 15 min vids. They fit better for here imo
Anyone know the song at 40:25? Wife and I are going crazy not being able to figure it out.
This is exact-a-fecking why I'll never go on a cruise. Nope thanks.
Every video this mans makes is a banger.
you are my ultimate favorite Vtuber, dont ever rush a video. you are what life is for.
Yuo*
24:10 that halo 3 opening music though, wasn't expecting the nostalgia feels damn
I just love so much how far Internet Historian has come. And it's so cool that were all here to witness it! big youtubers to small commenters
Amazing video, love the music choices. Wonderful as always, good sir
I get the language barrier, but if you see an island on one side, and open sea on another...
loved it
OMG haha, this topic is so unexpected but you hit it out of the heart, all these animations are SO HIGH EFFORT
This video is somehow very familiar to Korean. Sewol ferry accident
That sucks you can't do long videos. The Fallout 76 and No Man Sky videos are my favorite because they so much of the insanity, just like this one.
24:04 baltic sea waters - ship Estonia claimed 852 lives (1994) --- or you meant strictly cruise ship disasters ?
The Vice City opening theme was a good touch in the background of the drug storytelling part 28:38
MY BOY ASMONBALD CAMEO
less than 1 yrs /people's life? what a joke
I gotta ask... Are you interested on directing films? You really have incredible story flow and you throw the facts perfectly without affecting the story flow! I just love these! I seriously have to rewatch these everyday!
well done
Thank you thank you THANK YOU for including notes at the bottom of the screen.  They have not gone unnoticed and are indeed very helpful in understand wtf was happening!
I hear that sweet hollow knight music.
Your a little late
finally
the captain messed up big time, sure, but there were no rules by his superiors, he was allowed to do that, the helmsman's language barrier and the lack of information about where their location had much more impact, his crimes are lying to authorities and not admitting he hit the ship, the other two should have the same punishment
The hornet fight music at 19:07 internet historian I see you
Skullgirls ost. Nice.
it's not a cruise ship, but what about the MV Sewol? That South Korean ferry disaster in 2014? Wasn't that the worst maritime disaster thus far?
"... while on the job..." *watches Asmongold stream*  Time spent wisely
@43:55 linus ship tips
What song plays at 24:12?
It cost, alot
watched 20 seconds, paused, scrolled down, subbed, and finished. I don't regret it.
lol why's all the music halo
"Linus, ShipTips" <3
Way to end the tone, by contextualising the significance and arrogance the captained maintained with how many died because of it.
Fantastic use of halo music in this. Mad respect ✊
19:08 nice use of hornet’s theme
Never trust the Eye Talians to do anything right....
Definitely worth the 5 month wait
Love the hornet music going during this
Goddamn IH, this is GOOD SHIT.
I'm not super happy with the ending. The captain was a shitty one for sure, but clearly the main problem is who put him in charge of an under trained crew on such a massive ship. How many safety regulations did the company breaks on that cruise alone.
i didnt know my attention span could go up to 40 fucking minutes holy shit nice video 10/10 nice memes
Ok I like there will be more regular content on this channel. But I hope the shorter videos more often won’t mean there will Never be a Epic vid like Engoodening of No Man Sky if it a story is deserving of such a treatment.
daddy's back with the milk
The "shut the fuck up" in the middle of the ad killed me
ok who has got me some links for those secret channels?
If I'm ever in the area I'm looting that thing
Congrats on being on the trending list. Keep up the good work old man.
they wouldn't cheaty petey .. would they?
Is that Mantis Lords theme at 19:30?
The Chad “De Falco” vs The Virgin “Schettino”
The cost of the salvage was twice the cost of building the ship itself.
Absolutely fantastic video, loved it.
This was a great watch.
i thought i was listening to the intro of lord of the rings wtf
what the fuck did youtube recommend me, why is this so good
no more long videos?....damn... thats what i loved the most about your channel.
This was so good
Man, that Indonesian guy didn't give a FUCK lmao
24:15 the name of the music? Pls
The linus ship tips is amazing
It may have been 45 minutes, but the time just flew by.
can we appreciate his ad breaks?
Worst captain ever
I have never seen such immaculate aftereffects compositions with such shitty assets before. Truly unique.
Not what I expected, but damn it's so good.
oh my god the weirdest thing is I REMEMBER THOSE CONCORDIA ADS That's like a twilight zone moment in my childhood and I don't know what the fuck to do now that I remember it
I can't speak for anyone else but I love the long format videos as much as the short format.  Obviously depends on how much Historian has to enjoy about the topic.  I'll be watching either way.
Domnica marry me. I love crazy chicks. It has been my downfal
The dumb younger brother of the Titanic.
"IT'S FINE, IT'S FINE" the movie
A THOUSAND upvotes to you!
I'm a Romanian guy who grew up in Italy and i gotta say... i love your accent and editing. Keep up the good work
you, Internet Historian, amaze me.
Cruise ships should be illegal they are just the worst thing
THE BELL AT THE END😅😂🤣🤣😂
please make one of these for the franklin expedition
Looting lol.
I really appreciate all the meme effort in this
What do I need Stan for again?
Don't mind me, I came back to watch the ad read again exclusively, that's how good this guy makes them
I like the Payday Soundtrack being used^^
I'm triggered that you wasted an entire pot of spaghetti for a bit
is nobody going to talk about how he said at the end of the video that he has like 4 other channels, besides Incognito Mode.
Thank goodness they had those giant people to help siphon the gas and raise the ship!
This was awesome. Almost perfect, you just missed the opportunity to use the titanic kazzoo music at the end.
Halo 3 ost luck <- you forgot this one
Can we all take a moment to appreciate the use of the MGS2 music? Especially as it’s a video of a sinking ship...
The whole thing was gold, but the "oh my God" at 1:15 still has me laughing
New internet historian video?  Hell yea!
The story of the father and daughter dying is heartbreaking. fuck Schettino
HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU NEED TO CRASH BOATS?! This was his THIRD boat!!!!
That's bad ship design vital stuff shouldn't be right next to each other
So basically, it's not so much the ship is cursed as it is the captain and crew didn't do their fucking jobs.
Channels. Channels? Channels?! CHANNELS.
One video in 2 years....fak off. We used to care. YOU abandoned us. Unsubscribed.
What are the odds Austria and Australia would be right next to each other on that "trust in Government" chart?    Maybe they _are_ the same country.
Awh man I'm sad, I love the hour long journalistic pieces  I hope they're still going to exist but on the second channel or something
It should be illegal for something to be this entertaining. I'm glad it's not.
The denial and utter lack of action really pissed me off-they’re lucky even more lives weren’t lost
Halo music
Internet Historian finally uploaded?? Looks like all those calves I've been sacrificing finally paid off.
I can never not laugh at "They're very good lawyers who won awards, etc. I'm just having fun plz no sue."
Holy shit. The captain's overcompensation would've killed everyone on that ship.
And they say there was no titanic 2
Props to the deputy mayor who risked his life going to the ship and helping people. Most politicians would be like the captain
imagen the recovery cost is more than building a new ship :O
The Titanic of the 21st century. In a manner and style we needed and deserved. Truly excellent film - I'd nominate it for 14 Oscars!
The Halo music half way through 😂
Plot twist: Internet Historian stole the ship bell.
you're the captain we need, internet historian
what is the song at 16:28
I don't know if i should laugh or feel sorrow for your great account of this true and tragic event.
25:00 "but this is just the half way point" *Checks time stamp*  In the name of Frank's RedHot Sauce, how does this get worse!?
I am Italian and I genuinely could not believe my eyes when I read the title. Historian, you make tragedies feel so damn entertaining, especially when they are this close to you.
Favorite channel EVERRRRRRRRRR
I love all the Halo 3 music in this. Really kicking my nostalgias ass
Schettino really said "I'm finna whip this hoe"
Mario, could you teach me some Italian? Oh, of course! VADA ABORDO, CAZZOL Means Get back on board for fuck sake
One the the best channels out there... Glued to every word.
Great vid! Now do one on Estonia (the ship) :)
more 40 minute videos!
I was having a terrible week until I saw you had made a new video, 😁
Should I have laughed at this very dangerous incident ? Because I did
_"...he doesn't speak english or italian very well at all."_ Incredible.
Ah fuck me I teared up about Russel Rebello. It's always the lowest paid, the lowest rung, that are the most to suffer. Poor fucker was probably working for pennies on the dollar, and stayed to help other people, even though it lead to his death, while the captain ran at the first opportunity. Same old story.
That sponsorship transfer was so smooth.
I would steal a big fuck off bell...What are they going to use it for lol? it's a great decoration for the garage...
I wish all ads were like your ads and I would actually stop paying for Premium and let your ads flood my eyes
why did I actually feel tension when the ship was getting closer and closer to the rocks? like good job IH, you made more tension filled scripts than most screenwriters of today
Wait what happened to the lady in the magician box
Good use of the Halo soundtrack at 24:35
"It even has a water mark" 😂😂
Who steals a bell? A pirate.
Do the Oceanos next the story is just as good.
sundance when
4:57 "but before we talk about that, let's talk about another bit problem" totally thought you were about to say something like "people who dont use nord vpn while browsing online"
35:42 gotcha bitch lmao Internet Historian never disappoints!
all of this just because 8 seconds of not realizing a mistake.
What was the name of that halo song he played?
“I’ve got a good feeling about this.” -Internet Historian
Skullgirls music at 35:00 ! Holy shit that was so unexpected haha
That's what they get for hiring the skipper and Gilligan to drive the boat.
this is gonna be it boys. #1 ON TRENDING
Tremendous
what happened to the magician's assistant in the box?!
This guy figured out how to make sponsorships actually fun to watch, what a genius
Man, it’s been a while since I’ve seen this video by “Bright Sun Films”, it’s always a classic.       Wait why is hide the pain Harold the thumbnail now!?  But in all seriousness, it’s good to see internet historian coming back with the story of this sad yet hilarious sinking of the Costa Concordia.
(actually Titanic was capable of floating w/ up to 4 compartments flooded; she wasn't a weak ship by any means)  Your face is one of the most cursed images I've ever come across on the Internet. But your storytelling and teaching is good enough to where I'm able to overlook that. Seriously: learned a lot more about the Concordia that I didn't know previously. RIP those 33.  Also your humor is great. Made this a lot more enjoyable to watch. Not to mention that ad was the single best ad I've seen on YouTube before in my life. New sub right here. 🤣👌
This story is pretty,   S P I C Y
I think this event really summarises the situation in Italy:  -Incompetent people get prestigious positions where they have big responsabilities -They fuck up in the worst possibile way, killing 30 people and causing millions of dollars in damage -Schettino is basically free to do whatever he wants for 5 years before getting arrested (house arrest is a joke in Italy) because trials take so long for no reason (I have seen trials going on for almost 10 years)
Awww man I missed you :)
I was on this ship few months before it sank. it had beautiful emerald like elevators that made it feel like you were inside giant jewellery... This gives me the chills thinking about it
He finally got his password back
I humbly request for "the fall of 77"
"There aren't enough lifeboats readily available" this sounds too familiar
THE LTT INTRO OMG This whole vid was amazing
rip to 45 min videos
The ship wouldn’t have crashed if the captain used Nord VPN instead of his thumb.
Saw this on xqc's stream. Had to watch this myself
5:30 hell yeah the payday music
Is this actual game footage?
19:09 the fuck,hornet's soundtrack?
**Vada A Bordo, Cazzo!**
the longer videos are so good tho :(
Return of The King
The possessive may presently pat because payment additionly succeed via a ugliest sharon. rare, knowledgeable yugoslavian
The drama, the effort, the tasteful memeing, the sound mixing, the research for the documentary. Bravo. Well done.
Hiring a Bilingual Indonesian guy is never a good idea if they put "Bilingual" in their CV they probably mean they speak local language and Indonesian. You need at least a Trilingual Indonesian okay. Small tip for employer or freelance seeker out there.
Linus ship tips lmaoooo
Well done, you should win an award. And also Tom Hanks as Peter Ronai was a nice touch.
gotta love the sims 4 crew
At least the engineers knew what the fuck they were doing...  Also, I love that De Falco was so determined to chew the captain out that he called him on his cell phone.
Whats with the halo music
He really went and used the goosebumps theme
What’s with the random callout of a socialist nation?
Probably one of the most darkly humorous parts of this was Martin the Magician’s disappearing act (ba-dum-tish) during the initial blackout.
Bro I don't even mind your 45 min stories at all. I wouldn't mind more ads from your channel. Could listen to your soothing voice for days.
Why was Francesco in denial of the situation?
10:12 My god that’s fucking gold.
Linus ship tips was the best part
So good seeing you doing these videos again
Gg on #15 trending
amazing as always
arent political activist just Domnica wanting to be in somesort of spotlight?
44:38 is a bloody fever dream
Can anyone tell me the hiring process these cruise line ships use? I had my first cruise with my wife and her family and the entire crew barely spoke English and was from literally all conners of the globe. I had a awesome conversation with a lifeguard who was from Belarus nice fellow but it only made me wonder more how the hell they managed to hire him. Wasn’t even a global cruise just from Long Beach to Mexico and back.
I don't know why but maritime disasters always make me feel emotional.
Did you make that guy in The Sims 4?
It's IH the streamer that always erase his vods 0.1 sec after ending the stream (I will never stop being salty about it)
I feel like 20-30 minutes is the sweet spot but I nonetheless enjoyed this.
You know it’s good when in 2 days you’ve got 290k likes
Dash on the ship
Wasn't expecting the Linus Shiptips intro lol
I love the Halo music thrown in there
10:42 top notch sound design right there, Mr. Historian sir
I took the brakes off my car man like me never really leARned *almost laughs* how to stop  Guy in the back: Shut the fuck up *laughs*
Awesome i get 2k ca$h 𝐇𝐃𝐑𝐎𝐙𝐀.𝐈𝐍𝐅𝐎
Awesome i get 2k ca$h 𝐇𝐃𝐑𝐎𝐙𝐀.𝐈𝐍𝐅𝐎
Honestly Im glad you're returning to 15 minute videos. I love the 45 minute ones but I miss Dashcon sized videos lol
The best VPN advertisement on the internet. Period
Animated Internet Historian at 2:10. Can we get 50M likes?
Did... did he force me to watch full ad again without make me want to skip it?
Better than 99% of the mindless crap being made in Commiewood. Only in Europe would that guy cause so much to get a slap on the wrist
This is like the best video ive ever seen
Literally every shit captain has mistress and more then 3 lovers . From Costa captain Maximo has his wife and other 5 girls  he take in every week . Just like captain Garena
Internet Historian, I love your content, please keep doing these amazing videos, lots of love from Poland!
These editing skills coupled with his story telling skills makes this video absolutely perfect
Can you make a t series vs pewdiepie video?
Yay you got your password
👌 using the halo 3 intro song. A fine vintage
How can they even sleep with that guy without feeling disgusted, he isn't even attractive nor does he have a good personality, clearly. Not to mention the whole cheating thing.
1912: Captain does everything to keep vessel afloat, is last crew to leave ship and refuses place on lifeboat instead swimming on to his death 2012: *causes accident* *denies accident* *changes into suit* *abandons ship*
What
God damn, those before and after pics gave me goosebumps
1.2........ BIIIILLLIOOON dollars
27:57 hit her, on the, rock it, tipped her, bow.
So uhhh the varius part 3?
42:31 My man pulled a Viet Cong
hes back
24:28 How are those bottles still standing on the counter?
2 milion views in one day 😳😳
this is the reason why i'm not going on any cruise ships
Dame that halo music it got 24:22
Do the GameStop meme next
Wait.... A helmsman of a cruise liner doesn't need to go through certification to be at the helm ?... I had to go through at least 2 weeks of training to drive a ship in the Navy and that's just on open sea. Anywhere near land you need a Master Helmsman cert which is a way longer process.....
I literally shit myself when the Linus spoof showed up.
I like the halo music
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOLO
theres a reason Mavrick and Goose got into trouble for flybying a Tower and there is a reason why fly by salutes are not done anymore.
I love those raised-ship internal shots. Urbex to the extreme.
I've been on cruise ships, they're a lot of fun, but I don't go on them anymore because they are truly evil companies. They are world renowned for covering up thousands of rapes murders and other crimes, treating their staff repulsively and causing a gargantuan toll to the environment. A cruise ship traveling the same distance as car causes 1,000,000 times the pollution.
That ending with the bell is so good, that i watch it daily.
Ok yeh on the surface it’s the crew (esp captain’s) fault ... but I truly blame whoever hired them
Aw no more long vids? Was really hoping to get a good cyberpunk video.
This was amazing.
I'm never getting on a boat again
Surprised they haven't caught Jacob again yet
38:32 had me in tears holy shit
So excellent!
Good shit bro that was hilarious!
genius.
here before the crhs fans, so i’m gonna say it  I USED TO LIKE THE MORNINGS
TORNI A BORDO CAZZO !!!1!!!11111
It was my 8th birthday when the ship sank🥳🥳... wait😳
I love this video so much.
The fuckigb transitions though
Great video!
Wow congrats on trending 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
I enjoyed the bootleg titanic music
Sinky boat go whirrr
loving the skullgirls music ❤❤❤
Oh how I've missed you
*Animated-lips 2D Harold isn't real, he can't hurt you.* _Animated-lips 2D Harold: __2:10_
You’re probably the most entertaining mans on YouTube bruh
I strive to be able to retell stories as amazingly as you do. A horrific event told with humor and tied all together in a beautiful video with so much care and detail. Amazing, as always! :)
If everyone I knew was not hurt physically or psychologically, $11k would be a great compensation
Of all the topics, didn’t expect this
Every video you make is a banger. This was so good.
You’ve taken something I knew nothing about and never wanted to into something incredibly interesting and entertaining.
holy shit this was 45 minutes? felt like 10.
Who wants to move to Hungary now?
Awesome video. Do GameStop now. Might need some time with that one as it’s still playing out
Great video but where is Shadow Man?
The Sims faces, Ricky Gervais moment and Goosebumps theme song just killed me. New level of awesome! Love your work.
What fine cruise company owned and operated the Costa Concordia?  I'm feeling bored during the pandemic and need some excitement.
Captivating and riveting per usual, molto bene 👌 would be curious to know the hours you clocked into making this mondo video tale, I hope you cover it in the Q & A; also, the multigenre adventures of NordVPN man, never stop. Was dying throughout the gumshoe clichés
These are the most entertaining videos on youtube.
Why was the one who could not speak English getting sentenced at all? seems like they took advantage of him.
My man sneaking in some Halo CE OST! 22:50
24:05 - MS Estonia doesn't count? 852 dead in 94
How many references can one video contain God damn
You are so good at storytelling man, I love you
It more fun for me to watch this video . Because I was there working as a housekeeper at the pool XS
shout out to lightskinmonte's oh shit for being so OH SHIT!
Love the 'ship tips' gave me a chuckle! I mean, a lot of other pieces did to so.
MAIN CHANNEL? I MISSED YOU!
That LTT reference caught me off guard
This comment section has more checkmarks than a twitter thread
Original comment alert: I've never clicked a video so fast, i missed you :')
The god👏🏻damn👏🏻 *suspense* of the narration is just *mwah* 😚🤚🏻
That Halo CE soundtrack tho
Anyone in these comments that ever been on the Costa? Just curious
This is better quality than anything I've seen that's funded by big companies
Internet historian is quickly becoming my go to source for everything
Bruh. This is a reason why you keep a redundant manual steering station at the rear of the ship.
The fact I can’t even get hired and the captain maintained employment after so many fuck ups is both astounding and depressing
They should have left the ship there, like the one in that Pokémon game
The MGS2 Tanker music though lol
Me at 19:15 "HOW ARE THERE 20 MORE MINUTES?!"
Don't watch this if you're a sailor lol.
Why did I speed read the title and assume it was a carefully disguised Corona video
By far the best work after the tales of the viruses videos!!!
good video, only youtuber that can keep me entertained for 50 minutes
The ending is one of the best things I have ever seen. The fucking splash on the face killed me.
Also, I've been diving. How the _fuck_ do you balance out your weights to steal a bell???
Its amazing how villians and heroes so easily emerge from a situation like this
imagine you’re taking a shit when the power and water go out
You should do a video on different dance crazes
Hoist the sails?   Lmfao
we live in a ridiculously decadent society..  I mean really? A floating palace?
If you needed to answer a question about what situation that just couldn’t get any better, here you go.
I prefer the long format videos
We can all agree that Pilon was a badass
I can't help but think of that Futurama episode where Zapp Brannigan steers a cruise (space) ship into a black hole...
The ship’s bell can be redeemed at some bars to get a lifetime worth of a free drink every visit.
I’m confused about the Halo music, but nice choice
See you in 100 years for the next cruise line disaster
37:45 "Do not worry comrade, the soviet socialist republics need you to usurp money from the capitalist dogs who had an unfortunate boat accident."
this is some of the best content I've ever seen on here. Cheers, can't wait for the next one!
I am Italian myself, and hearing TG5 news jingle really struck a cord in my heart
Lmao the Sims characters 🤣
Say hi to Mandalore from us
I had to read about this for a STAAR test once
Bruh, hearing about how he crashed was so painful. especially after being in the navy for 5 years. They could have easily dodged those rocks by SLOWING THE FUCK DOWN!!!
Your ads are absolute fire
I love what you're doing man keep it up and who knows maybe one day they'll made a documentary bout u ;)
39:39 Shepard: Do you have the DSM?  Ghost: We got it, sir!  Shepard: Good. That's one less loose end. Ghost: No! Price: Ghost! Come in, this is Price! We're under attack by Shepherd's men at the boneyard! Soap, hold the left flank! Do not trust Shepherd! I say again, do not trust Shepherd! Soap, get down!--
Outstanding
How could they let somebody that incompetent be in charge...  Edit: Nevermind, remembered Trumper... 😂
25:11
24:30 is like portal 1 vs portal 2
2.3M views in under 2 days. Getting the views he deserves for such class content
This video makes me confident that I never want to go on a cruise ship.
The captain not only caused the deaths of so many people but had the Gall to APPEAL, absolute madman
can we all just say she hell cut tho for real
That Linus thing really messed me up.
You make very wholesome videos with lots of substance
finally an upload
It's insane to think how ALL of this happened with 32 people losing their lives in the incident and several hundreds traumatized with half a billion dollars in damages SOLELY because it's a tradition to swag on island locals with big loud horn and music to show how rich and cool the people on the boat are.
Moral of the story: Never put Mayor Quimby's Italian cousin in charge of a cruise liner.
capolavoro
So an average barotrauma session?
Only channel where I don't skip sponsors
24:11 they let me pick. Did I ever tell you that?
How much research did IH do about ships for this video? Jesus christ
Is it bad that I’ve rewatched this 3 times already?
nice one! waiting for that cyberpunk prime time too
I KNEW IT!  LINUS FUCKING DROPPED THE SHIP!
damn this editing tho
I always get a kick and a laugh out of your videos. But I truly lost it with "Linus Ship Tips"
God damn. How bad could this captain be at his job?!
ok unironically do three mile island or chernobyl you're v good at this
35:00 Great choice of music. Skullgirls is a fantastic game.
This was worth the wait.
"ad time" - *Sky ad plays*
Can't wait for GME diamond hands !
What's so internet about a crouse ship...
From which games are the two animated scenes towards the end, they look intriguing?
my boy where is cp2077
TIL I could be a captain of a massive ship
The splinter cell soundtrack during the lawyer section had me floored XD
*slow clap
Every project you make blows us away more than the last. Fantastic production. Fantastic researching and voicing. This is a masterpiece. This is what YouTube is for!
"Sentimental Relationship"= DAY FOKKIN'
32:31
a shitstorm of epic proportions
This is the funniest shit I’ve ever seen
Dude you did the Goosebumps intro from FoxKids?! Boy did you light up memory lane
a true masterpiece fine sir
Why didn't they armor it?
Viva Greg the falcon
Let's gooooooooooooooooo
Internet Historian's style is often imitated but never matched. I see a lot of YouTubers injecting memes and pop cultural references but they're always so jarring and breaks up the flow of the video.
Really great story. Thanks for including how they cleaned everything up afterwards, I was really curious.
Bumping for algorithm
THE DEETS! im so glad i watch the stream
There’s something so attractive about being an amazing storyteller holy shit
It makes me feel uncomfortable when I see old videos with no mask. They really did make it the new normal huh
I love you're videos but I feel so bad for those people who  died!!
Internet Historian: Memes. Memes. This man died a hero helping resolve one of the worst shipwrecks in a hundred years. Memes.
Wonderful choice in music
the linus tech tips part was a nice touch lolol
We will miss you daddy. Until next time good sir. And your amazing story telling.
the halo music at 24:00 is great
The bonk of his binoculars on the glass is excellent foreshadowing
That's a lot of effort just to be a massive prick to the locals.
Please do the sinking of the Oceanos at some point; less incompetence and more downright cowardice, plus no fatalities miraculously.
I’m only 2 minutes in and I’m dying of laughter 🤣🤣
46:26 banana ?
Please do the next on on $GME! The craze is not over yet, to the moon!
Oh fuck, i have been watching this for 47 minutes?  The pizza must be charcoal at this point...
I get this is supposed to be a firstly entretaining video but I hope a good amount of research went into making this vid. I mean sure there was a lot of mistakes made in the process of evacuating the ship. But regardless I wouldn't want anyone to be accused of wrongdoing lightly.
I had to study and play Oh My Beloved Father (the song played when the collision happened) for my GCSE music.
I ate spaghetti today
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!!!!!!
You unlocked a memory in me I thought I had repressed...
excellent use of the halo soundtrack
Can’t wait for the Jan 6th insurrection video
You cannot tell me there isn't a chadder name than "Gregorio De Falco"
Cool
15:26 excellent choice of music
I'm surprised a security guard was capable of such a maneuver.
God damn it why are you so meta
I only watch these vids for the adverts now
wew lad
epic!
Boato Drifto
This video is so incredibly well made.
Your channel is an absolute masterpiece, love you Historian!
the best channel on Youtube and it's not even close
Thats some good shit right there
Whoever came up on leaving a million dollar worth cruise to an incompetent captain
I don't have anything funny to comment but your videos are always amazing and a treat to watch! Thank you I.H.
@37:50 - it's actually not uncommon in many places that insurance "fraud" doesn't actually occur unless there is an exchange of money.  Attempted fraud is a difficult thing to convict.
Kinda makes you think they shouldn't hire complete crackheads to manage their half a billion dollar floating village
Damn... I love these!
This is some awesome content
This was extremely great and all but can I get a hint at those hidden channels?
4:53 only 16knts?
it is as the old saying goes: "every ship deserves a captain, but not every captain deserves a ship"
You just keep getting better at this! If you make another 45 minute-er I wouldn’t complain!
For those who are wondering, the title of Schettino's book translates to "Submerged Truths"
the captain probably wouldn't of gotten in trouble if he stayed on the ship
I saw it on live... My mother woke me up and said: "La tua nave preferita sta affondando" (Your favourite boat is sinking)
Someone reveal the secret channels to me.
Storymode is one of the hidden channels btw, less than 10k subs lmao
Thumbs up for the Halo music. And the rest of the video, I suppose
Preeeeeeeeetty proud of the halo soundtrack bit at 22:45ish
how is it even possible to sleep through all that, im amazed by terrified by that south korean couple
Approved
38:32 anyone know the band who did this cover? Damn I want to listen to it now haha
4:07 the the
"There's a whole veritable spaghetti of details to untangle" can't wait to use this in my next essay!
Carnival really gonna cheap out on hiring a helmsman. Fuck em. Let cruise ship companies die
Hate to be that guy, but I swore I recognized the tune. 24:10 is Luck(arrival) from Halo 3. I don't think it is used in Halo 2's Mausoleum Suite.
The Captain changed outfits quicker than Hitman after a takedown
Here in Italy, Schettino is one of  the most hated men in the whole country, and rightfully so. That coward piece of shit.
This content was... SPICY!  Loved every minute of it!
pog
Using Skullgirls menu theme for the background music eh??? Good taste my man, good taste.
Where the fuck have you been?
Gold.
Brandon Rogers at 28:48
23:50 Me: Wait, the last SURIVIVOR! So, the rest... IH: In total, 32 died... Me: Fucking hell...!
im italian and i saw all of this happen live but it could never compare to this masterpiece you created. thank you
Beautiful shit
Quality content, noice
Is it bad that I’m rewatching this video yet again just for the “ed time”?
I mean technically he did do the closest sail by salute of all time?
This is the Sims 4 expansion pack watership down  Ironic that his mistress ended up in a cockpit  Ha ha Linus Ship Tips I see what you did there
Fantastic video!
Oh. My. Gosh. Best one yet.  Long, short idc, great job!
you are a freaking legend for giving us this 46 minute journey, thank you
If you’re ever feeling lazy you should just make a podcast :3 I would listen to you tell any story
WHERE ARE THE HIDDEN CHANNELS?
I wonder how many people this video made google the definition behind 'Hitherto.'
Algorithm
I hate every staff member on that ship, so incredibly incompetent it's insane
I have never seen so many verified youtubers in one place
he should narrate audiobooks
17:38 you cannot tell me this isn't the greatest news jingle ever. Fox News NFL theme been real quiet since this banger dropped
Bruh the FF7 post battle music had me dying when you intro'ed the capt.
The drugs part ... uhm not really for the mafia ...you would not belive how much drugs are taken by the staff on such big ships.  Just to funcition and be able to work.  most of the time 7 days a week 17Hours a day.  One of my coworkers I met in austria worked as a chef de partie on the MS Europa . He showed us some pictures. Bags of Amphetamine and Coke.
LUL EU MALDING
They stole a bloody bell. LMAO
welcome ladies and gentlemen...... to the fawlty towers of the seas!!!!!!
I guess someone wanted the boat to win a "no-bell prize"
What is the song that starts at 24:10 called?
20:30 *CAP* (tain)
Absolutely Masterful. Haven't laughed so much in a while, thankyou bro
34:29 i've never laughed so hard at a video on youtube in my life
I literally guffawed at "Zvolt Horvath"
“Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio, per carità!”
What a fucking Chad Gregorio is, ripping the captain an new a-hole while spitting mad puns.
Very poggers, yes yes
Absolutly massive document
*did you know that they used to shut the gates at the Colosseum, and flood it, and have small ship battles in there?*
Not even a big budget documentary/docuseries could be this entertaining and factual
I would be shitting myself as the magicians assistant in that box.
The amount of effort put in this was amazing
Beautiful
I have to watch this three times to appreciate everything..the editing..the story telling..the jokes..this is gold
This stressed me out so much
That payday music is a nice touch
ahhh Italy
your video's will go down in history
*Hears "tales from Nordtown"  "Oh ffs... I mean I'm still gonna watch and enjoy it.. I'm definitely still mad..."
The level tree effectively sin because barbara dimensionally check sans a used algebra. crowded, boorish approval
Fuck yes
What ever happened to the lady in the magic box?? Did she get out or not??
Ah, yes. Lying to everyone. The #1 thing to do in an emergency situation 🤗
I honestly don't know what was the bigger red flag: the dude who managed to become captain in two years, or the helmsmen with a massive language barrier.
the halo music really seals the deal 10/10
Sad thing is that if the captian just admitted he fucked the pooch, he could have saved 33 more lives
Ngl, I thought you were doing a bit when you said they started playing “my heart will go on” as the ship was sinking but I looked it up and holy shit it’s true
I didn’t want this to end it’s soooo good
And thats how Internet Historian came to Fyre Festival
I don't understand why they went after the helmsman? he's like the lowest on the list and he was just following orders! it's not his fault he wasn't instructed correctly (for ship driving or by his captain)
Spizzy!
23:33 That’s actually horrifying, they must have fully expected to die in there.
Shoutout to everyone who gets the Metal Gear Solid tribute music in his videos. I know you’re out there...
For some reason the crew members on the bridge remind me of npcs from kingdom hearts
40:16 amazing
If I remember correctly the cost guard guy said “you may have escaped the oceans wrath but you will not escape mine”
"Men like me never learned to stop."  "STFU!"  I'm dead!🤣
I always wondered the causes behind the sinking. Thanks for the video!
I love these videos
Internet Historian content always makes the day better.
24:15 to 24:55 reminded me of the ship section from resident evil 7.
That Halo OST was oddly fitting, ngl.
oh spaghet- wha..... *WHAT ARE YOU DOING NOOOO*
As an italian guy,i can say that i feel ashamed to be such...
Fuck Shakespeare. You’re the greatest storyteller of all time.
When the payday music kicks in
I just wanna say, congrats on getting so big you rack up 2.5 million views in only two days.Your success is well deserved and I hope it only grows, IH!
For centuries, Italy was renowned for being the homeland of saints and navigator  Schettino managed to fck up both of those
props for the linus meme. props for a well made video on something i wouldn't have given a shit about before.
ive been avoiding this video for 2 days now after seeing it recommended it to me for so many times  thank god i clicked
hey Historian, when will you do the Gamestop stock story?
Well this was SPICY!
hollow knight hornet music at the approaching shore section? sick
Two different halo tracks used in this. I approve b
"Let's just give this ship to idiots lol"
42:15 this dude ain't a snitch though. Real shit
So is no one gonna talk about the fact that internet historian has secret channels?
“Tres furioso” is not correct whatsoever, it seems like you mixed Spanish and Italian (which are completely different languages). it doesn’t mean anything in Italian. You meant to say “Molto furioso” which means “very angry”.. those ignorant poorly researched phrases that make Italian sound stupid are part of the legacy of ignorant people who think stereotypes are actually real.. fucking stupid if you ask me. Too much Spanish mistaken for Italian here... seriously.... focus less on these visuals/animations and more on getting the proper wording... Lol, this reminds me of that meme about historical accuracy with “Nazis” wearing ancient roman vests fighting the first order..lol .... please get the damn language right at least next time.  Nonetheless, apart from these minor annoying things, this was a very good video. Good job.
31:48 was too good
Noir VPN. I like
Never clicked on a vid so fast
oooo! a disaster! i love these!
Why was the helmsman arrested thou? Sure he was bad at his job, but is that really a crime? Shouldnt they charge the person who put someone so inexperienced at that job?
I feel like if I were a survivor of this accident I would be really offended by this video *edit: only because it appears as though he is making a joke and a mockery of a very serious event where people were terrified for and lost their lives. If he made the video not in his usual style of cartoony cutouts and choppy animation, it would have been much better. it is still a good video that had a lot of time put into it, that is obvious, but idk it just feels weird sympathizing with these passengers who are rightfully thinking they are going to die while such light-hearted storytelling is taking place. maybe its just me.
F**king hell this was good, keep up the amazing production value
How can there be so much incompetence on one ship?
Me: aw yeh another quick lil internet doc.. IH: >46 minutes  Me: *oh*
Man the second that idiot got us off course I'd of switched his language barrier ass out I change my opinion the captain is a complete dumbass that couldn't take responsibility and even ran to save his own ass instead of doing what a captain should do to insure the safety of their crew and passengers
I recognized the music and then realized it was halo music. Damn I live that music
But I like documentaries. :(
LONG SHIT
Funny thing, a year prior this event, I actually went in a Costa cruise with my family. Things got pretty gloomy when the incident happened
Boat: There is land here. Land: There is a boat here.
you know its a good year when Internet Historian posts
Bruh we have no laws against insurance fraud? Fuck yeah, I was on the Titanic and I want money
Always a nice surprise to hear hollow knight music when you don't expect it
22:39 Under Cover of Night from the Halo CE OST... a truly kino choice in music.
I cant think of a better channel on this site :)
Amazing video but please Internet Historian, stop making asian jokes, I get that there may not be many asians in Australia but you have a history of doing those jokes ignorantly and even offensively
5 months that’s the cost 5 months and 10 cents.
30:44  Its so painful how she tries to make it sound profound, but really can't.
remember quality over quantity
We need some vigilante justice on that captian
We need WSB and Fallout: Hunt Down the Frontier!
Better dramatization than CW shows.
the little titanic squeek when the bell was returned to the ocean was top tier
Estonia is probably the worse cruse disaster between this and Titanic. Over 800 dead in 94
*IT'S NOT COMMENSURATE!!!!!!*
I like serious documentaries. I've seen literally every documentary about Costa Concordia and the Titanic. This is seriously one of the best I've seen in a while.
This is such a tragedy of outright hubris, but your storytelling to me in your documentaries really exemplifies Jean Baudrillard's theory of postmodernism in the best way I've seen, you're literally constructing the hyperreal out of simulacra to the point that your vids need to be looked at in a film class, this vid is a fucking masterpiece!
I wouldn't even think twice about stealing that giant bell.
This must be one of your best ones Especially the transitions at 24:12 with the coordinated background music, what an amazing composition. What an epic video. I am so amazed.
All joking aside, people died, and the folks responsible largely got away with it.
42:01 Anyone else see a certain irony that he's wearing an America's Cup jacket at a shipwreck trial?
This is nothing! you should check out MS Estonia accident! Such a web of crazy teories! (soviet weapons, submarines, MI6) and even some of them turned out to be true!
i'm very concerned about the korean couple. where are they now? are they ok? please tell me they're alright.
no one needs to know how little youre going to post. you already do that. just let em out when you do. like jontron. not like whe dont enjoy the shits.
As a motorsports fan, I really appreciated 6:45.
Duuuude you are so good at telling stories brooo tf
All of this could have been avoided if they didn't let an Asian drive
what is that music from starting at 2:15 from, I know it but cant place it and its killing me!
We always understood that the CC was a total and avoidable disaster. But what the hell DIDN’T go perfectly wrong throughout the entire ordeal? Unbelievable.
The most Italian shipwreck in history.
Its been 9 years
Serious fallout dead money vibes from the aftermath
Could be made into a movie with this director xD
Man just smoothly starts playing Hornet boss fight music and thinks I won't have PTSD
Let's take this cruise ship to Fyre Festival 😂😂😂
18.00 if the water blocks the fan blades , the mechanical waterpump isnt turning either :/ bc ther are mostly mounted on the same mechanical shaft .   so bye bye engine cooling.
How did we get here
Fun fact you might have forgot to mention!: Running into rocks on a big ship is bad!
I went to youtube ads the very instant he said ad time then watched the nord ad
Freaked out for multiple unrelated reasons. PUBG mobile ads which I’ve never seen referred to out of my town, the ringtone BU THE SEASIDE, my ringtone which I’ve been told was weird and LASTLY the EXACT American psycho clip I saw in an obscure post like yesterday.  Anyway great stuff love your vids
Idk but this was incredible
Feeling the Halo soundtrack on this.
Why does schettino look like a off-brand Steve Carell?!
33:57 I cant believe all this company had to do to avoid criminal charges was pay a measly $1M fine for being responisble for the deaths of 33 people. Laws only apply to the poor.
"you are not allow to make a film-movie"
Up until you brought it up I was thinking the whole time the second I knew this ship was doin down it's Yoink season and I'm going hunting .
The creation of sea maville from pokemon
I had no idea about any of this. In the UK it was on the news constantly but the only thing said was basically “the captain was an idiot and crashed a big boat”
its been 8 years since this guy posted his last video T.T
13:55 my favorite part. Had me laughing
28:48 please tell me where this is from 😂😂😂
these videos are what keeps youtube alive
A glorious video
would you upload faster if we all become patreon? or at least most of us?
No, MORE 45+ min videos on main channel
I was talking about this with a friend just two days ago wao
27:00 legendary Australian shitposter
The payday music really makes it more intense
those meme video segues are brilliant, do it again
why spend 1.2 billion to fix it when it's worth 570mil to build a new one?
I was about to skip the nordvpn ad but it immediately began as a different type of ad-read. Bravo. Bravo.
This was balls, great job!
The one channel where you look forward to the adds
You sacrificed spaghetti for this video... +respect
That little squeal when he throws the bell overboard is absolute perfection.
I wonder if that random stock picture old dude even knows that his picture is a placeholder pic for one of the greatest channels on YouTube.
language barriers suck don't they?
I keep hearing Pilon as in Elon, Elon Musk.
Back to 15mins stuff? Huh, I’m going to be watching this video for a long while after aren’t I? Also where are those other channels?
What I’ve learned from this video is don’t hire Indonesians
Hungary has proven great creativity and the true need for money... Magyarok like!
Titanic pt 2.
ni
Its such a shame your earlier vids made a bunch of people idealise a bunch a Nazis on 4chan
Only channel where I’m actually excited to watch the ads. Just as entertaining and story driven as the video itself.
Lmao they sure had high quality workers in charge of people’s lives. But I didn’t know that it was because of miscommunication. Did they just pick the cheapest people willing to take the job not even all even understanding the language. SMH But I thought from the beginning that mafia was involved based on the introduction of the characters. Next Seowul ferry!
Great as Ever
Even KEEM somehow made it into this crazy story.
wonderful, thank you :)
Its not accurate at how it al happened
Great video
For the qna: why would the company keep a captain who crashed 2 different boats without firing him, wouldnt that also make them partly responsible as well?
well done
43:50 RLY GOT ME LMAOOOO
Not gonna lie. The shots of inside the cruise wreckage is very haunting
THE MOTUH MOVED AAAAHHHHHHHHH
Internet Historian is the best youtuber since Filthy Frank.
I love how non italian people pronounce Schettino
✍️research✍️the✍️captain✍️
I stopped watching at around 24:30 and came back to hear halo music
I’ve played of World of Warships and I know how turning my ships and speed works and this guy couldn’t? Man, I’m glad I’m smart enough not to be in charge of a vessel and just to play games
Can't wait for the Fallout Frontier episode
Yet again reality proves to be even more fascinating and gripping than anything fiction writers can come up with these days.
MGS2  Tanker music fit so well!  well played sir
Spicy
I missed you so much
I heard that Amon Tobin track at 36:08. Good shit.
35:17 There it is bois!
I was on that ship a month before all this lol i even met schettino he seemed cool..
I don’t know how he does it, but every video of his is a masterpiece   *Chef’s kiss*
He is back
._.
The judge: 16 years for killing 32 people, sinking a ship worth millions bc of your imprudence and lying several times to police when questioned if you needed help. This dude: but c'mon I didnt knew what I was doing it was my first time! The judge: mmmm that's right, 26 years it is!
8:49 ARE THESE SHADOWS ON THE WALLS? WHY????
MAMMA MIA 😳😳 THIS A 👏TOMATO SAUCE 🥫🍅 IS A TOO🤌SPICY🤌
So anyone can be a captain of a cruise ship is what your saying
Hungary: You don't need to worry about insurance laws if you don't have insurance  *Stonks*
I remember this man, it was so weird to see it unfold so slowly. I haven’t liked IH since his 76 video, a game that’s just way too damn hated and was barely given a chance to stand before it got ravaged by assholes but I’m starting to forgive him with quality videos like this
smh the autopilot wheel from walle would never let this happen
*Watches to the death count and  footage of the wreckage of the ship* "Damn, that's sad. What a bunch of idiots." *sees that there's still twenty minutes left of the video* _Oh no_
25:14 hand reveal
anyone else just loving the halo tunes in the background or just me?
I’m here waiting for the video about GameStonks
What a clusterfuck!
Your best work yet. Well done!!
Why are there even downvotes?
Excellent storytelling, as always.
great
Hello she was murdered
there they are  t h e d e e t s
i always found it to be a morbidly fun fact how while i was celebrating my birthday some random ship went ahead and tipped over off the coast of italy.
Scettino didn’t do much wrong. He gave the right orders but his people fucked it up. Edit: ok he fucked up the rescue
When I killed 32 people I got the death penalty but when he doesn’t get it smh
I already know everything there is to know about this event, yet here I am
He's back!!!
The boat was going 290mph!? No wonder things went to shit so quickly.
Internet historian slowly becoming boat historian
How have I not seen this channel sooner? New subscriber.. I  love the way you do these stories. They much more entertaining and interesting... That captain was a disgusting lying coward..
Just noticed the Hollow Knight music at around 19:20
Amazing Video!!!! I am always excited to see a notification from you!
good lord i just keep coming back to your videos! thank you so much for sharing this content with us
He's back
Brilliant!
24:10 literally gave me chills
Main channel upload poggers
Spicy as always. Good job, IH!
Is THAT A SIM
titanik
Loved the shenmue cameo. It's all about the sailors hahaha
This is a masterpiece
Do the capital assault lol
Man, feelz so long between yur story tellin' diamands, dude. Haven't pressed play yet, gonna enjoy this.
The payday music in the background is the best music they could've used for the mood.
The morning of January 13th, 2017 my mom was driving me to my tilt table test and told me “omg Emily, remember the Costa Concordia?!!” Then two hours later they fuccin rushed me into the cath lab for emergency heart surgery and the last thing remember before going under was how incompetent that captain was.
Adding the Halo music at 24:13 was the correct choice.
I have mixed emotions because I am dying laughing at your content but keep getting sucker punched in the feels by your use of halo 3 music 😂
22:38 24:10 Got to be some of the finest uses of Halo music outside the games
There's a multi-billionare which hired a night guard to captain a ship and somehow there's a girl which has less brains than him in this story. Incredible.
East? I thought you said _Weast_
Why are the ads so good?
SALGA A BORDO CAZZO!!
Why would you skimp on the goddamn NAVIGATION on such a vessel?  I'm not in boatmaking, but I have to imagine these cruise ships are at _least_ $200.
This is incredibly engaging.
YES ANOTHER UPLOAD
Was the captain a mafia membre? I mean... how did this bag of potatoes became un command !
waiting for the day one of these videos is like a 10 minute history lesson and a 20 minute NORDVPN man special
Seriously amazing video
i think you outdid yourself with this, which is crazy in and of itself.  bravo, che bello
The best channel on the Tube!
So im watching the video and am currently at 24:51 wondering WHY THE HECK IM STILL AT HALF OF THE VIDEO WHEN THE SHIP IS SUNK! Edit: 3 secs later i get my answer 😑
28:48 You're welcome
Not just 550 million dollars of damage But alllll of the passenger possessions And loot
that woman has Chris-Chan energy about her
Damn, you actually had me glued to my phone, you've really improved on your narration (which was always great). Good to see this still trending because you deserve it👌
It's the First Time i leave a comment but holy sh*t this was so well done!!!
The storytelling was amazing though you have to admit, the date of the crash was spooky.
Stop fucking recommending this shit
10 minutes in and i expected the video to be 40 minutes in and end there but hes still going strong
they have 570 million fucking dollars to build a ship but not like 100k a year for a good captain??
Of course a Hungarian would make a scam out of this fucking disaster
We've missed you ❤️❤️❤️
song/beat that starts at 40:20 anyone???? or even just the old ass pc game it's from (like a Goosebumps or similar point-n-click adventure type thing? idk..)?? pls halp much nostalg
Good accent on “stealing, n thieving”
I WELCOME YOU ALL TO 2012 ITALIAN'S MEME MATERIAL, thank you internet historian to make this possible
Eyy I hear Hornet’s battle music
21:38 The ship is sinking! Go mind your own bussiness, Karen!
What are the secret channels that were mentioned?
Imagine being a musician on a cruise ship playing My Heart Will Go as all the lights go out and you hear the very blatant sounds of the ship hitting something.
Linus Ship tips had me rolling
Gold as always sir
31:49 a comment on the right says "for God's sake stay out of cockpits"
The pubg bits killed me LMAO good job
24:28 Damn those are some stable bottles stuck on the bar after being half rolled over
I remember when this happened. So crazy.
26:20 - The Goose!
Cost of Concordia? It's about £35 on Amazon. Wait, you don't mean the board game?
What does this have to do with the Internet?
I like how all the top comments are people who are verified lol
This was amazing. Please keep them this long!!!!
he posted after 11 months
25:12 As an italian i can say that seeing you doing that is like showing me a video of you ripping a man's heart out.
The Cost of Cruise Costa Concordia and the Captain trafficking Cocaine for La Cosa Nostra
The effort that goes into theses videos is astonishing.
He's finally back
Doesn't have any insurance fraud laws? Hmm.. I know where I'm moving.
26:14 That's Mandarin Chinese, not Japanese language
Internet Historian, reminding us that real life truly is more bananas than fiction
Every year, as many as one people slip and fall due to dangerous levels of ravioli underfoot.
You'd think that with all those asterisks, you'd just re-record.
38:28 Hands Down funniest clip of the video 🤣🤣🤣
Man this Office special episode is crazy
Watch your videos daily but still didn't pop up in my recommendations!🙄
Patrolling the Mediterranean almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
But that ship... has sailed
The halo music felt so fitting, almost reminding me if when High Charity was destroyed.... By the Flood.
so good dude, this was even genuinely exciting during the first description of what happened
Since the Frontier mod for Fallout New Vegas, (which was in development for 7 years), was so utter shit and bursting with controversy, could you pretty please do a video on it?
Those pictures made me think of uncharted with the u-boat
A fuck up of titanic proportions.
0:09 its been......5 months
Therapist: Emo Schettino isn't real, Emo Schettino can't hurt you.  Emo Schettino: 38:31
Time to watch this over and over again
A bellend steals a big fuck off bell.
I don’t think this channel has ever made a video I don’t love
Words can not explain how incredible your editing is. The only person that I could even compare it to is Bill Wurtz. Incredible!
Woah a main channel vid!
Nice work, Bambino.
This channels videos leveled up with this one
Coming from an italian, you genuinely explained in 3/4 of an hour what the media struggled to get together in months. I literally understand the whole process way better now, despite of the hours of news I watched about the topic. Cheers.
Jesus, this was incredible.
YEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
This looks like the siera madre as a boat
Oh my god, the Linus Ship Tips into near the end had me crying
Romania wtf
The Cost of Concordia and the Captain on Cocaine.
If there were no human casualties (and other mess) this whole incident would be funniest shit ever. Then you remember those things and it stops being funny and becomes infuriating. I hope his reception in Italian prison was warm - those Sicilian men of family businesses might be very good cellmates to him.
I am dumb, I never realized they had two people, one for each box in that magic trick.   Welp, I am an idiot
The offer given to the passengers of the Concordia may not be commensurate but Internet Historian uploading a new video sure as hell is.
i didn't know i could laugh this much in a 45 min period.  i know he's not american but Internet HIstorian needs to be preserved in the Smithsonian.
One of the only channels that I get more excited the longer the video is
You absolute genius, get outta here
"I've got a good feeling about this" good God that was a good line
This is the Night to Remember of our time.  Walter Lord would be proud.
This is gold
Besides being funny as hell, I’m actually really impressed with how well this was made. Excellent job!
I would try and comment "first" but that ship has sailed.
thought he was dead
A solitaire tear rolled down my cheek . . .
my god the amount of verified people in the comments make me feel even more small
so fucking good
I would like to remind of the people who died in this tragedy. Their death could have been prevented.... Rest in Peace...  Brunhilde Werp (GERMANY)  Christina Mathi Ganz (GERMANY)  Egon Hoer (GERMANY)  Elizabeth Bauer (GERMANY)  Gabriel Grube (GERMANY)  Horst Galle (GERMANY)  Inge Schall (GERMANY)  Josef Werp (GERMANY)  Margarethe Neth (GERMANY)  Margrit Schöter (GERMANY)  Norbert Joseph Ganz (GERMANY)  Siglinde Stumpf (GERMANY)  Dayana Arlotti (ITALY)  Giovanni Masia (ITALY)  Gual Guillermo (ITALY)  Luisa Antonio Virzi (ITALY)  Maria D'Introna (ITALY)  Maria Grazia Trecarichi (ITALY)  William Arlotti (ITALY)  Fancis Servel (FRANCE)  Jean-Pierre Micheaud (FRANCE)  Jeannette Gannard (FRANCE)  Mickal Blemand (FRANCE)  Mylene Litzler (FRANCE)  Pierre Gregoire (FRANCE)  Erika Fani Soria Molina (PERU)  Tomas Alberto Costilla Mendoza (PERU)  Gerald 'Jerry' Heil (USA)  Barbara Heil (USA)  Girolamo Giuseppe (ITALY)  Russel Terence Rebello (INDIA)  Sandor Feher (HUNGARY)  Israel Franco Moreno (SPAIN)
Schettino taught a fucking panic management course in a university after this
can't even understand the language...
All these memes get old really quick
Pausing at the start... So i  dont  know if he addresses this.  Cruise ships are just about the most evil thing in the world. Ecologically, they are a nightmare, because unless they've developed a super green energy only operated cruise ship. They are straight horror shows for the environment. They output so much pollution and greenhouse gases, that them existing is choking the planet out. Then there's the insane opulanse  and luxury that the guests enjoy, where as the staff for them tend to be on near slave wages. Usually because they are incorporwted in tax shelters with really shitty labour laws, which 2 fold means these companies get to dodge so much tax, while paying their staff bare subsistence wages.  Also, due to greed on the part of the management, they have minimal downtime because they need to keep operating, so they are almost always lacking in maintenance and have shitty cleanliness. Also, the nature of them all being close quarters, diseas spreads around the like a Petri dish.   I'd say that the building and operating of cruise liners is up there with some of the biggest failings of the human race.
This is art.
Gg my Guy.
If this is how shit went down I'm surprised the italons didn't drag him.through the streets. Italians don't fuck around
He looks like Bashar assad
Well worth the wait... phenomenal video
sOmEbOdY tOuCh'A mY sPaGeTt!¡!¡!
The use of Halo music. If I wasn't subbed already I'd sub again
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
#10 on trending. every vid from this man is a banger guaranteed
The deputy chief engineer looks like John wick
Italian here, and, as glorious this video is, the funniest part is that 45+ min of video covered maybe half of the things that happened, there so much more, starting from Schettino invited to an University to give a speech about Work under extreme pressure, to the actual dismantment of the Ship, which was supposed to happen in Piombino, a small city in Tuscany crippled in debt, but Genova said no lmao and forced the ship to go to them
Just when you think its dead...
24:13 when you go to Frigate Orpheon for the 2nd time in Metroid Prime
I wish you were my teacher in highschool
You have the only ads I've never skipped and always look into amazing video
This video was good. I'll have like 12k likes of I had a tick for a comment like this.
Amazing honestly how you are able to, even with the atmosphere of memes and jokes around you, to tell an incredibly well-investigated and thought-out story. This channel is amazing.
Can you please do a video on this terrible virtual cons that these companies are doing.
I was watching this vid like it was Speed 2.
God I fucking love this guy and his amazing videos!
39:23 that was a fine Band Of Brothers reference
I don't understand why you would ever, under any circumstances, play "my heart will go on" on a ship. Why would you ever do that
Magnificent
lmao, isn't that lass romanian? if I remember correctly she was all over television back then in Romania
Well that was quite intense. I never found out what happened to the captain till now. I was told the ship went close to the shore to show off to some chick on land. Anyway awesome as usual from Mr Historian.
I never knew Keanu Reeves was in the story.
Why does this sound so much like chernobyl
bruh that was Epic
Internet historian: This is what happens when you leave a cruiseliner turned on its side in the ocean.  My brain: Halo music
How on Earth does committing manslaughter of dozens of people, causing a shipwreck which damaged the environment, abandoning the ship while there were passengers and crew on board, and lying to authorities equate to just 16 years and 1 month?..
What this video really teached me is to check everyones background
Pretty sure it's not the worst disaster since the titanic. M/S Estonia for example had hundreds of dead.
Francesco Schettino: Ohh baby a triple
The sims faces lmaoooo
The  transitions are absolute gold
great video. a lot of midrls
how does one reach this level of storytelling
But I like the 45 min vids
People ought to listen to De Falco’s entire call, it’s beautiful hearing the absolute dressing down.
30:00 yay Halo music
Corruption in Italy: The Movie
I have no idea who this guy really is but his calming voice and accent makes me think he is astoundingly smart and eloquent...
First 10 min got me shitting my pants
“Effectively doing nothing” has gotta be one of my favorite sayings
Your are like a online history teacher that actually cares for his students.
I'll never understand why the fuck people go on cruises.
...waiting for episode on wsb and gme
Are we gonna get a Cyberpunk2077 video?
To save some of you the leg work: 16 knots =18.412 mph
24:25 the Halo music lmao
*you couldnt just pay keem....*
Vada a bordo cazzo!  By the way: Shame to all the crew of the ship, dickheads...
its been so long
how the fuck do you rehire a guy that has crashed 2 ships and a guy that can't even be comunicated with.
That "LMAOXD" got me real good
I wish this was a video game
spicy
Im sad to see that you decided to stop doing the long form videos on this channel. But I do understand you'd rather work on more videos than just one big one. All the best, IH, will still be here to see it all.
Congrats on getting #10 on trending
Schettino is the Dyatlov of the 21th century. At least he didn't pull the "i was in the toilet" card
This was really good.  Worth the wait. 👍
How the fuck did the helmsman get charged poor bugger had never steered a ship before not his fault.
easy to see why some random loser was made captain, easy scapegoat for a beyond corrupt company, also that drama alert clip pfttttt
This is the most dramatic I.H. vid so far!
lol the slomo scene with italian food and drinks flying everywhere, hilarious!
still a better love story than *FARTS*
DUDE AT LINUS SHIPTIPS I CHOKED SO HARD
The Halo music. Mad respect.
Funny story. So a few years back I was returning from basketball practice with my mom and right when we stopped at a red light a car bumped on our back. We talked to the guy and he gave us his contact so he would pay for the damage. When I got home I searched his name online looking for any crimes or major news linked to him. We actually found out he was the Brazilian Jack Dawson (as we are from Brazil), he was at the Concordia and met his wife while they were waiting on rescue.
I love these Sims faces
Great as always. Please don't impose such a small timeframe limit on your videos. Make them to your own liking no matter if it takes more time. Videos split into multiple parts also ruin the aura of the story; if you were to release part 1 of this now, chances are that by part 2 I've already searched this subject up on Wiki and read everything about it, so there would be no need for me to watch the full trilogy
Love a man who doesn't even consider slowing down.
When people usually bring up these tragedies- the first things that come to mind are the Titanic and this one. But rarely anyone talks about the MS Estonia Ship that sunk 27 years ago and lost 852 souls...
Just what I wanted and needed today perfect gem this is what the internet was ment for
oh my goodness I started watching this video while doing chores and I had to stop the chores because this was so thrilling, dramatic and hilarious at the same time, terrific video!
I just came seeing this notification
AWESOMENESS!
This story wild AF bro. However, in the end 33 people died who weren't supposed to die... RIP
16 knots is like 18 mph
25:57 Nice touch folks,  nice touch.
Criteria for the helmsman by hiring dept. 1. Yearly wage lower almost like slave. 2. Know the meaning of : right, left, port, starboard, english number from 0-360, hard, midship. 3. Good hearing and experience is a plus but not mandatory.
So many Italian words spelled wrongly but I did still love it
You should review the disasterously cursed cruise ship "The Triumph"
Another excellent video, love the work that goes into these!
Once again your storytelling surpasses anything Hollywood could do in recent years.
masterpiece
❤❤❤❤
What a bloody masterpiece again!
20:09 he gave an f12 scissor doors. Idiot
25:15 as an Italian, I am offended A waste of spaghetti
finaly
dunno why, but the ltt intro killed me
pyro give petscop 2
Fuckin finally
i was hoping for an 11 minute song
Payday 2,  hollow knight ost in the second titanic story with memes and sims 4 avatars. Perfect
First!
OK nordvpn,  thats your best ad ever
The Mall, the casino... Ch-ching, ch-ching hahahahaha
A true contestant for video of the year already so far.
Absolutely love this channel. You're fantastic.
8 years? no friend its been 8 months since you've uploaded lol
Lmao "THE DEETS" got me pretty bad
this is amazing!
This video is amazing. Very well done.
Incredible! But what happened to magic man?
Wir werden auf allen Ebenen belogen und getäuscht – Illusion. Die Illusion ist das, was jeder einzelne jetzt für sich beenden kann. Die richtigen Informationen, Vertrauen, Selbstliebe, Dankbarkeit und eine immer größer werdende Vorstellungskraft, um den Plan und das wahre Ziel des Lebens erkennen zu können. Sie sind ein Muss, um mit dem wahren Leben mitgehen zu können – und dadurch die Wirklichkeit in sich selbst erreichen zu können. Nur darum geht es jetzt für jeden Einzelnen.  wir-kl-ich-keit de 💙
The chain of bad luck at the start says it all
The halo music makes it just that much better.
<3
Halo 3 music is actually fitting
The couple that got trapped in their room are So lucky to be alive.  Yet imagine the flex. "Yea we slept in a wrecked ship tilted sideways"
What an absolute coward that "captain" was. Not fit to hold the title of captain.
Can imagine if he added the final dream scene of Titanic at the end of this
31:49 :DDD     2101/9/11   story repeats itself every 100 years
Gme vid when
wtf that "captain"
Great video, amazing details, you even included the little sound the lady makes while dropping the jewl! However, I like your content more when it deals with computer/games/internet/meme events rather than just any real world event.
never clicked something so fast in my life
Concordia? That’s a weird way to spell Cyberpunk but i’ll take it.
Halo 3 arrival hits different in this video
NOICE
My theory: Just a blackout on the ship, emergency generator fan stoped working soo they just watercooled it.
I guess he's been promoted to general historian
im starting to think that captain may not be qualified
Did he hire someone to thumbs down the video?? wtf how did u get so many for this masterpiece
What SONG is it on 39:14 - 39:38?  PLEASE HELP!
*a walk in the woods and luck starts playing* oh i see you're a man of culture as well
Not surprised at all that the bell got stolen, divers love souvenirs from shipwrecks and the bell is by far the most sought after.
1. Amazing video & presentation. 2. I can't believe this happened just because someone wanted to flex there boat skills.
wHAT THE Fuck
Best upload schedule
Bojler eladó Just because we have Hungarian names in it
Secret channel?
How much, HOW MUCH time, honestly, did you spend on the <10 second Linus Shiptips gag?
Every video from IH is an absolute banger. How does he do it?
How did you decide on this topic?
I like how there is sims characters
Ayy james its meee The dude in whatsappppp
Production quality is as high as its ever been. Sad 30 something people died because of simple incompetence though
I am never going on a cruise
The only YouTubers adds I watch
When Under cover of night hits 😩😩😩
Bro with the Halo soundtrack usage?!
You don't season lasagna with olive oil! Get your facts straight, man!
This is one of those YouTube channels that are actually worthy of watching on TV
Trending in germany on #36 right now
Three next topics: Gamestop hedge fund incident, Fallout Frontier disaster, and the Cyberpunk launch disaster.
Im here From xqc, but i wsnted to support you specofically so here grab a like
In the after pictures, it looks like a apocalypse movie
Damn, props to the lady and her daughter who called the police, they probably saved lives that day.
He then had another affair with her. "Not intent to abandon his ship"
Pilon is the real hero, him and his screwdriver.
Amogus
I remember this. This was a tragic event and I was so little. Hard to believe it’s been so long.
10/10 dont have anything more to say. Definitely earned a subscriber!
Who steals a fucking bell? A person who wants to get filthy rich by selling a historically signoficant artifact to a rich collector.
this is not funny
I was going to watch this in pieces, but it was so entertaining I watched the entire thing. Loved the Payday music in the early section when they were dealing with the crisis initially.
Fun fact: The captain went on to teach a panic management course two years after the incident. Talk about irony.
I haven't watched yet but I just want to say that I can't wait for the sponsor of the video xD (It's the only channel where I can say this)
I probably would've dropped the charges on Jacob.  Unless he was the most persuasive man on planet Earth that could convince you to do a merry jig in a thong for a nickle, then I'm pretty sure they just didn't give a shit who they hired.
I love the use of halo music throughout this
Amazing. Have you thought of doing a video on tekashi-snitch-nine. Yes he's trash but his story is wild.
Yeah they all sound like horrible people lmao. Sucks for the people that were lost but props to rescue team to prevent a horrible disaster being worse
I had to pause the video at the spaghetti
So I just kept attention throughout a 45 min yt video. Kudos to u
What a shit show.
hollow knight music completely took me out god damn
Watching this channel is better than sex. I also don't have sex. So I watch this channel.
Your videos need mor Hollow knight music. Nice choice. And like always, nice everything :)
I liked the 40+ min videos.
I'm a janitor. Brb I'm going to apply to Costa cruise lines for the captain position of a half billion dollar cruise ship because their recruiter told me I'm exactly what they're looking for.
What happened to the lady stuck in the magicians box? Was she one of the passengers who died?
Who in their right minds hires someone who can't speak the language?
I hope Internet Historian knows about the NordVPN scandal that caused many Youtubers to drop them as sponsors. They got hacked, and personal data was leaked just like the souls on board the Concordia. :)
"Everything's fine" *Hollow Knight music starts playing* "EVERYTHING'S NOT FINE"
Classic Italians
I hope James Cameron makes a movie of this. Or better yet, Wes Anderson.
I've watched this three times already
6:22 Missed opportunity to say "Iceberg right ahead!"
your pronounciation of vada a bordo cazzo was the most terribile i have ever heard.  but also the most funny. good job
Donato
Y tu
Hello
So basiclly, they put as much money as possible in the ship, but the crew was minimum wage.
Coming from a react streamer, going to watch the whole video again, subbed and liked. we need much more content on this level
The abandoned ship looks like something from Fallout.
The Linus' Ship Tips intro had me crying of laughter
very nice video sir
Fantastic work!
what are the other secret channels?!
watching for the third time bc we all know internet historian videos have details/jokes hidden in every ten seconds of content so multiple viewings are required cuz i don't wanna miss any of them
Not gonna lie, I'll miss your long videos. Genuinely top tier viewing.
This was insanely well made, intresting and informative.
Best channel
" ...Not content to abandon his ship, he was determined to abandon his 'ship' as well... "
So the captain was an idiot with a past bad record and the people in charge refused to replace him
Is it just me or does the comedy really ramp up in the second half?
Did he really untangle a pot of spaghetti
If you ever feel anxious about your job remember that this dude had thousands of miles of ocean and crashed the boat being a dumbass
I like the sad halo music 😂
I thought this channel was dead tbh. Glad to see it isn’t.
Alberto the engineer lookin like Keanu Reeves
If only the quartermaster was there
I literally just watched a movie for free. Thanks NordVPN!
Sponsored by God's toilet. Because holy shit is this good.
E.
nice halo reach music
the remains of the inside looks like a horror game setting
As with all Internet Historian videos: _People were harmed in the making of this video_
He had the bell!
this is huge finally omg !!!
Hey Internet Historian, do you do any audio book recording? I think you'd fit right into that community. Such a lovely voice.
The little "ah" when the bell is dropped is without a doubt the best part of the entire video
42:15 what a fucking mad lad
absolute top quality job! :)
Oh my god you put the boat level theme from Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, such a nice touch lol. You are an easter egg god in every video.
My man made at least 6 on trending finally some good content on there
This sounds like parody
This is a masterpiece
good very spicy
I never ever skip through the ads on your vdeos <3
All the work Internet Historian puts into his videos are on a whole new level, If you're reading this Internet Historian, I just want to say that you are THE Internet Historian
Yeah, we're still mocking schettino with a parody of a song about captain hook
Lesson learned. There is no such thing called unsinkable ship.
I only came here for the ad
Anyone wanna help a brother out with his “secret channel” it would be very much appreciated
The ballad of the costa Concordia
This is amazing content.
So Internet Historian has secret channels?
"The captain sends the officer to the left wing..." -- IH shows the officer perched on the right wing.
Linus Ship Tips I’m weak
I love how your giving us a history lesson with memes.
Why everything is so funny with you my dude? Damn...
19:09 thought you could sneak in some hollow knight music?
I honestly hope that one day you go to check your P.O. box one day and there is Just this massive heavy and of course spicey package. So you lug the thing home open it up and inside you find that you have just become the owner of the Costa Concordia bell.
When the Halo music starts playing, we get introspective
“SCHETTINO TORNI SU QUELLA CAZZO DI NAVE”
best nordvpn ad, the character break was brilliant
31:45 best part
19:08 I was not expecting HK ost! Also the looting animation is excellent! The editing in general was excellent! (also absolutely fucked how as usual the company gets a slap on the wrist)
Ive had to pause at 22:03 because I'm laughing so hard I can't breathe 🤣
We’re witnessing Divine level youtube content here, ladies and gents
Let's be honest, we're all here for the ad time
27:53 You so f*cking precious when you... Smile
It’s hilarious to me that the whole time I was thinkin; damn... I bet a lot of the retreating passengers stole a ton of cash/valuables while escaping.. and then the entire second half of this video is based on that fact lmao
I don't know if the best Nord VPN ad creator really is an accolade worth pursuing
Meritocracy seems to be a thing of fiction.
just use the water to cool smh
Internet Historian has blessed us again
The human race really is something. Being able to do so many amazing things like make these ships, massive minds to bring them to safety and to recycle them and all it takes is one bad apple for it all to go down the drain. Honestly hats off to whoever was in charge of that salvage project. Amazing feats.
Noting the Halo soundtrack at 23:00 nice choice!  Edit: and the Halo 3 soundtrack at 24:15!
Your content is never not perfect lmao. Also, pressing the f key with a cigarette made me laugh for some reason during the ad.
i've never heard of Concordia before today, but since it's an Internet Historian video, I'm about to learn.
I love that this entire comment section is filled with "verified" accounts. Can't find comments by normal comments for the first few pages.
So this is a new one. This video was displayed as fully watched although i hadn't played it yet. Anyone else?
Doesn't matter how much big and strong ship one built, it'll be never be as strong as the strongest ship there is i.e. friend-ship
6:20 OH SHIT! 😂
But i love these 45 minute videos i hope they come up occasionally
How tf is this not trending
This was better than so many movies I've seen
Wait that guy crashed 2 cruise ships and they gave him a 3rd one ?!!!!!!!?!!!!!!
"largest cruise ship disaster since the titanic"  how about M/S Estonia? 852 lost their lives.. but i bet you doesn't even read this
40:28 - Goosebumps theme song!
39:06 Very sneaky lmao
46:01 jesus christ, THE ACTING
Damn, even Keem was on this story back then!?
That captain was a massive piece of shit and I hope that he knows it
I finished the video at 19:12, how poetic
43:51 this destroyed me
Best Content on Youtube
This is just brilliant
for those who dont have the time to sit through 46minutes, the cost is $570million
great set for a horror movie
All your videos are fucking flawless
long awaited masterpiece. hats off
I never watch ads, but I will gladly watch the ads you make. They are hilarious.
maan, Internet Historian is such a troll.. And I love it lol
This is like watching a car crash in slow motion.  Except exponentially worse, which is quite fitting to the fact this is a boat crashing.
The drama alert bit was incredible
Only channel who’s ads I don’t skip
Internet Historian is like LEMM!NO but a shitposter. I love it.
Another "victory" for nepotism!
You sure do get max value from your internet historian ad buys.
still in awe of your storytelling abilities
24:42 the contrast shown in this picture blows my mind
titanic but a bit safer basically
As per usual amazing editing and info... ty for the content <3
Everyone on that ship deserved it 😂
I love these longer videos. Please don't stop making them
Fun fact: captain’s surname Schettino sounds exactly like Russian word Скотина, which translates to scum, brute or crud.  Though something like bitch or bastard would be more accurate translation
What is this music in 38:30? Anyone?
Those are some sick sound effects at 10:40 wat de hek
Were there any Japanese torpedo boats?
HE LIVES!
As an Indonesian, that Indonesian guy was a shipwreck. Pun intended.
I always knew Italians were SIms 4 NPCs
17:31 Karen
Much good music choices. Hearing Halo, Splinter Cell, MGS. Very nice 👍
Is weird that I wished I could be on this ship, just to witness and experience the utter clusterfuck of shit happening?
i thought it would say linus shit tips
Great video, but what does this have to do with internet history?
a fucking embarassment to the proffesion
The captain's mistress looked like Stormfront from the boys
Oh my 10 on trending, nice
You are fucking hilarious man.
The ship cost 500m but salvaging it cost 1.2b? Why not just leave it there?
Nice
Who is going to see 46 minutes of video...  Hey this is actually interesting...  Well those 46 went quickly.
You’d never see any athenas emissary doing this
No more 45 minute videos on the main channel  *sadfaceemoticon*
My man Jesse out here covering for these passengers
I was there, nothing to scare. Not even close titanic (I was there too).
this content is far more interesting than any of the shit they air on the history channel.
I can't believe this all REALLY happened. The universe works in strange ways...
Jesus those before and after pictures are haunting
If you're not careful you're going to become a serious history channel.
This video/story is a great analogy to why Italy is a mess.
I was real fucking concerned there for a second that you were gonna tell us that woman drowned in that box.
I just used this video to train my new Sailors in the US Navy with why communication, watch standing, and following procedures is important. lol.
Let me get this straight. They decided to put *original* artwork on a cruise ship? Why not just get copies and not risk them to be stolen/sunk?
As a Hungarian I'm ashamed of those people who tried to make a fraud out of this. 11 Hungarians have died 4 of them performers and these people just wanted to make a quick buck off peoples suffering.
They seriously hired a guy who couldn't understand numbers are you kidding me And they just let him dip during trial 11/10 would go on that ship again
Two men are sitting in a lifeboat watching the Concordia sink.  Man 1: Wow, I almost feel bad for leaving them like this. Man 2: Don't worry, I'm sure the captain will think of something Man 1: But...I AM the captain.
Why are they sims 😭
Congrats on getting #5 on trending, you've gone a long way from Battle Toads.
This deserves a damn Oscar.
I lost my shit a 6:20 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
An absolute masterpiece. And I'm in the patreon credits :3
Always legendary
how is nordvpn still sponsoring you
31:14 Wow I didn't even know she was in my country
CAZZO ! That was magnificent
im glad 'especial' care was taken xo
Is that the Hornet 1 theme from Hollow Knight I hear at 19:08? That’s some damn good music.
No more long videos!? Lame.
Ad ends at 10:46
I think you are the best YouTuber on the planet.. like not just personally but just the sheer quality of your videos is unmatched in every aspect
this is honestly an oscar deserving documentary
I love it! Quality over quantity! Never change historian!
I'm ashamed of myself how hard I laughed at "The Relation Ship".
I Gigglied a lot while watching this :)
The Halo music... i love it
Nice use of the Hornet boss music around 19:00
Ngl i would call dibs on that bell
570 million dollars wasted
This was an emotional rollercoaster. Fuck the captain. The crew that died saving people are the true heroes. Beautiful video Internet Historian, thank you
Right now the video is rocking a solid #36 on German Youtube Trends. Really good video!
Another amazing video!  I got sad when you announced that there wouldn't be long form videos anymore, but I understand. Keep up the great work :)
Perfection
Did anyone catch Calling All Units from payday 2?
The Linus shiptips intro was great, made me LMAOXD
33:57 ah yes, Italy
Ahh Always a delight to see one of your vids!
It seems people still haven't found your gaming story Channel.  Love the content please bring out more.
i love your content, and you will always be one of my favorite youtubers.
What happens when the Mafia spend $570 million on laundered money but spend pennies on hiring the crew
I can’t stop rewatching this. A pure masterpiece. Thank you for making this!
The longer I live, the more I understand that: no one has any idea about what they are doing
italians on the sea
Amazing
Its kinda not funny when people died
holy shit that twomad bit got me good
Would love to know what nord think of these epic ads
Men i love this Channel
This disaster was not the worst since Titanic. M/S Estonia that sunk back in 94 was way worse with 852 people dead.
I can’t wait for him to talk about $GME in 2028.
24:17 are you sure those pictures aren’t from Resident Evil: Revelations lol
Diversity Hires strike again
Is that the Halo OST 24:11 from ODST
“Can’t wait for Internet Historian to tackle the GameStop  or Cyberpunk debacle; it’s right up his alley.”  Internet Historian: B O A T
Worth the wait.
good shit
What are these secret channels mentioned in the end card?????  I need more internet historian in my life!
spicy
A quality use of the Dead Space soundtrack.
I understand the desire for shorter videos, but I really appreciate the deep dives in the longer videos like this one
You know, this is why Italy never had a successful navy.
I will go down with the ship 38:22
Internet Historian is making some of the best, if not the best, content on YouTube. Scratch that, some of the best content on all media full stop.
What are these secret channels mentioned in the end card?  I need more internet historian in my life!
2:11 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Watches reaction vids for chat,  Still watch this one in the background to give the view. Great video.
I own several of Rossi's pipes, he's a master.
I swear the first half of this video up until the aftermath was like watching the ending of chernobyl when Legasov explains how it happened to the court.
What are you sinking about
incredible production value this video. better than many professional documentaries
This is GOLD!
*Hebrews 9:27*   _Just as people are destined to die once, and after that to face judgment_    *If you were to die today, where will you spend eternity? Its worth thinking about. Accept JESUS today and avoid everlasting(never ending) torment in hell.*     _Acts 4:12_  And there is salvation in  no one else; for there is no other name under heaven that has been given among people by which we must be saved [for God has provided the world no alternative for salvation].
It's a good thing this happened in Italy, where justice is Perfectly Balanced with No Exploits.
FINALLY
The fucking Linus shiptips killed me. 10/10 my guy
Halo 2 New Mombasa music when 50 or so are still on the ship. at 23:00 Then it starts playing other Halo music. IH loves Halo apparently, he uses them a lot.
this is peak Italian mentality :D
Cool vid dude, but I ain’t seeing no internet in this history
The halo song hahahahaha
Anyone know the secret channel?
Fast and furious concordia drift
Your channel is a real GOLDMINE !
Loving the halo background music
24:05 I don't know if it counts as a cruise ship but I definately think you shouldn't forget about the M/S Estonia, which sank inbetween Estonia and Sweden, which ultimately led to over 850 people's demise, otherwise fantastic video!
Masterpiece
17:37
I love this video, it's a masterpiece! But i can't help my self stop thinking, that this is still a rock bottom hitting tragedy.
Bad omens since the beginning (The Champaign bottle not breaking @ inauguration, voyage on friday the 13th!?)
Amazing video
Yea, but if he hired someone who could understand critical orders then he would have been a racist, so....
all those characters from The Sims 4 took me off guard, glorious
How are your meme-filled, constantly joking documentaries so much more informative and professional than 95% of the stuff on The History Channel, Discovery Channel, and the BBC combined?
28:20 she looks like a karen
2:10 Internet Historian's icon having accurate lipsyncing animation is terrifying.
29:07 People dont run cocaine in their hair, it is actually your body that deposits certain parts of the drugs in hair for god knows what reason, but since your hair grows slowly the drugs will stay in your hair a lot longer than in your blood.
Amazing
skipped to the ad
Quality Content <3
Elizabeth II 05/26/2021 Nicolás Maduro 10/13/2021  Papa Francisco 07/09/2021 Kim Kardashian 09/25/2021 Kanye West 05/02/2021 Madonna 12/19/2021 Bruce Willis 12/13/2021 Thomas Cruise 09/10/2021 Donald Trump 07/27/2021 Michael Jordan 06/29/2021 Jürgen Habermas 08/07/2021 George Soros 11/28/2021 The Undertaker 04/20/2021 Bob Dylan 08/10/2021 Robert De Niro 06/13/2021 Arnold Schwarzenegger 12/03/2021 Pelé 11/12/2021 Ariella Ferrera 06/02/2021
do the gamestop history !!
Wow thanks for using my track in such a good video !
Truly comedic, that some "people" could do such a thing
This is just regular history, I'm mad. Not that much though.
I much prefer videos with a length of 45 min +.
Was not the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic. Look up M/S Estonia.
this was more entertaining then the Titanic movie and i love the humor in it!
And we're all just blowing by the fact that they were holding that court hearing in a theater auditorium?
*_7:07_**_ Language Barrier isn't really a thing since the crew uses Maritime English, It's like speaking in broken English but with added Maritime related term_*
Attention YouTube users. I am being harassed by YouTube for posting conservative opinions, speaking out in favor of the Second Amendment, expressing my belief that the 2020 U.S. Presidential election was corrupt, and calling the Biden Administration “Illegitimate.” For my comments, YouTube emailed me the following:
Wow! I knew this accident was a shit show, but damn...
"we only have mainstream new reports so it's not going to be super accurate" had my laughing! be careful I'm sure google might have something to say about that
Holy shit. What a nightmare.
This is journalism i dont care about source checking. I just believe it because of the immens work this must have taken.  brilliant.
Bright Sun Films video of the same subject brought me here.
the editng was actually insane ive never seen a video this edited and good. very good video i give it 10/10
as italian i am happyly rappresented
one day its gonna be the roentgen of chernobyl
"Schettino did not only tried to abandoned ship, he also tried to abandoned his wife".  "My ship is called the Ruthless. It is named after my wife, Ruth, who unfortunately doesn't enjoy sailing"~ Captain Villads  I think I just found another part of Villads's wisdom, he knew it was going to happen...
Horrible, corrpt judgement. The captain was made a scapegoat. He shouldn’t have been the captain in the first place, and what about the hellmsman the company hired, how could they allow it is beyond me.
What are the secret channels
I honestly don't think I've laughed so hard and so much during the last 11 months. Great job all round
LinusShipTips❤️🔥👍
I hope the victims of this disaster are resting in peace
24:04 Except the Titanic was an ocean liner not a cruise ship.
16 years for multiple deaths AND all the other stuff???Damn,that's what a good lawyer gets you
I love that you use the Metal Gear Solid "Tanker Incident Alert Theme" on minute 15:25 it just fits lol!
This just reached “history of japan” levels of amazing. Genuinely informative, hilarious and all the animation feels a lot more focused and much better paced, what a glow-up! Major kudos!
Considering what all is going on in the world, a video on the Costa Concordia was the last thing I expected. However, considering all the horsefuckery involved in this snafu, it worked nicely. 10/10.
I only know about the main , second and gaming channel any one know of any others
What a shipshow.
I love how he plays boss music at 13:00  (Song is Boss Fight 2 from Kid Icarus Uprising)
As an italian I never thought this day would come :D schettino is a bit of a meme here in spite of this accident
Another video lets goooo
I was disappointed this wasn't about gme or cyberpunk but the quality is just so damn high I can't do anything but appreciate the fact that these are free to watch
Didn't the Titanic also hit the iceberg because the helmsman turned towards the wrong direction while trying to avoid it?
This is some of the best content on YouTube. Thank you for providing such fun and engaging storytelling, but also keeping with the facts!
That Auntie Fee clip, what a throwback. Too bad Brandon edited that video into swiss cheese.
From deserted islands to looting cruise ships, Hide the Pain Harold sure gets around doesn't he. Living his best life, while.. of course.. hiding the pain, so that others may may not be burdened.  Bye you Big Boisterous Bell 👋  we all loved you.. *splash*
Someone put that captain in touch with Ted Cruz
Noir-d Man
This is one of the saddest stories of my country.
Spicey.
Fun fact, I was born on Friday the 13th and bring bad luck.
fuck me spent half a billion on the ship but couldnt get a half decent captin
The comment by 'marco piccari" that says "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità" translated means "Forget about cockpits for god's sake!"
I am wondering if this is the big channel video i mean it's big but no woman sky was bigger i mean it was this 🖐️..........................................................🤚big
35:48 Putting this music track, for this little time... Should be a crime.
I love you
Dude, you can't just tease the hidden channels and not leave any clues on how to find them!
The captain was so incompetent and cowardly that you'd think he was from some kind of parody.
I hereby charge you.  With stealin'.  And theivin'.
this reminds me of HBO's Chernobyl... Good job
Salga a bordo cazzo🥳
how hard was it to find a pic of the captain? i saw you searching for it on twitter and it seemed like a needle in a haystack situation lol
This reminds me of the less funny ferry disaster in Korea when the captain evacuated himself without telling anyone else to. I believe hundreds of kids died? Bad times.
Fuck cruise ships
As Italian i got so much more INFORMATION from this video then to our media, in Italy we got only gossip and about 10% of actual facts, i even forgot about this clown of a man, he even went to school to talk to how to be composed under dangerous situation and how to be brave and thoughtfull... This man is a lair and deserve the life sentence in jail...
glad to know that a devastating event occured when I turned 6 years old
I feel so dumb, ive heard about the Costa Concordia before, some of this video's information was new to me.  But the title... the title got me, it took me two day's to find out "The Cost of Concordia" is a play on words of "The Costa Concordia"... bruh.
I cant wait for the next advertisement. The other bits are pretty cool too I guess.
Muito bono 👌
Look man, you can't just use the Halo theme and make me have the feels of childhood halfway through the video. That's against international laws...
42:15 “And he said...” *Ad plays*
damn imagine being so hot someone sinks a half a billion dollar cruise ship because of you
Oh my god, the edits, the details you put, it makes the video so much entertaining and funny, this is perfection.
Oh god, I remember the memes. Changing the fonts to *Italic* and "Do you know where we're going? - "Off-course".
music at 28:17 ??? sounds like left 4 dead or something
nice thumbnail 😂
What an absolute disgrace this captain.
I'm always impress by the effort you put in. Hilarious!
I'm especially excited for you to make a video about Cyberpunk 2077
It’s the sims characters for me
Astounding storytelling.
IH probably spent a couple months working on this video. He put countless hours of passion, sweat, research, and spicy memes into it for us. And while he was hammering away at this, the r/wallstreetbets hostile takeover of Gamestop happened AND Fallout: the Frontier got released only to be a massive creepy poorly-written pedo-baiting shitstorm. Our poor boy can never get a break :')
God-like editing
I'm assuming "the largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic"-line isn't talking about the number of deaths, because that's absolutely not true lol.  Anyways, good vid
The emotional whiplash of saying 33 dead to...shoving your hand into a bowl of spaghettis.
Much enjoy, such wow, very nice.
The Halo music and Linus Tech Tips reference slapped. GG
I honestly thought this was satire until like 10 mins in.
Having never heard of this incident prior(which is kinda weird), this was the best way to learn about how it happened.
It's been 3 videos and i haven't explored all the planets in No Man's Sky. You have some explaining to do.
What a clusterfuck
Its waird how well the halo music fits
My boy on trending!!!!
lmaoxd
Man i  trully adore your work i enjoy ur content so fucking much. If i ever will have suicidal thoughts i need to remember about your channel making ouer lives somewhat worthy.
"Trust me I'm a capitan!"
I cannot put into words just how good this video is, genuinely amazing work, holy shit.
But, where did it all start going south?
Right lads this was amazing see you in 5 months
That captain put all of his skill points in charisma. How could he still be a celebrity and a guest of honor at a huge party
One of my favourite things to do is to research shipwrecks; from freighters to liners. It was absolutely glorious to watch one of my favourite YouTubes do a video on one!!
i just saw this video on a react channel and just came here to leave a like  great job my man <3
23:10 ...I know that ring.
your musical choices were absolutely perfect in this video
Amazing - IH's videos are totally worth the long wait between them!
Even though it's the captain's fault, I am shocked the helmsman didn't get killed for his idiocy when it came to that steering.
this cruise was too close for comfort
that captain personifies the peter principle being overpromoted beyond ability
Spicy
cool
I like that he used halo soundtracks awesome  and glorious nostalgia
The Hornet theme in 19:07 honestly made my day
Whats up with companies spending millions on something just to fuck it up with budget cuts
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel" So it means that there won't be a Cyberpunk, because I don't see 15 minutes video to give justice to the fuckup that was that mess :( Anyway, great stuff as always :D
Wow, someone talking about something happend here in italy?
no more 45min videos? but cyberpunk wont fit into 15min :(
you could say  that Scettino  Hit rock bottom  *please clap*
Fantastic video, I didn't know just how much of a fuckup the entire company was. Surprised they didn't go bankrupt.
That boat on xgames mode
Can’t believe I kind of share my nationality with that woman 🤦🏻‍♂️
Those exploding ship transitions 🤣😂 25:24 27:11 31:52 34:53 37:55 40:25 43:46 42:06
The royalty free My Heart Will Go On tho
This video was a jolly good time
I love how he showed more than just the ship crash, most of the videos on costa don’t go as deep as this video, this is quality
Can I get a like for whoever stole that big fuckoff bell
I had no idea what Concordia was, but now I know
I hate boats!!!
My man discovered a goldmine in the form of a heeled boot shaped peninsula. Shitton of spicy things to report there, video ideas will FLOOD your mind once you get ahold of all the bs in there. Trust me, i am an insider.
Please 45 min video are so good
as always top notch content from one and only blessed saint internet historian
my teacher put one of his videos on one day and that's how i found this man love the content keep it up
all because of a sail by salute, and a language barrier
algorythmus
<3
The 45 minute videos are cool
I'm actually happy that the lawyers turned out to be the good guys.
Fun Fact: in Italy there's a comedian called Simone Schettino (no relation). For a while, people on social media began mistaking him for the captain of he Concordia, writing the worst possible things to him. The comedian. A completely different person.
to be fair to the Indonesian guy who fled back to his home made the right call.  there is no such thing as "double jeopardy" (in the legal sense, not the game show)   in Italy so he could have easily been picked up for this crime again.  He was safer going back to his home country and let the Indonesian government deal with the Italian government because they would probably protect him from getting picked up again.  Lesson Learned: if you are under any suspicion of any crime, find your countries embassy and get there ASAP because they will protect you.
Did I just see Band of Brothers at 39:22
wtc now.
The "Linus ship tips" had me dying!!! What!!?? No more 45min videos!!?? Those are the best!!! Great job Internet Historian!!!
Concordia became Rapture. That’s crazy.
Fun thing is, on Domnica Instagram  post you can see an Italian comment saying "Let cockpits alone for for God's sake"
Srsly! You guys outdone yourself. Luv it all the way through
Mr Internet Historian, your use of El Cargo from Splinter Cell has made me very happy
u make some damn good videos dude.
MGS 2 music as the ship is beginning to sink.... nice
Payday 2 music makes every dissaster, adrenaline filled
How much do you think this is worth?
Finally a new video on the second channel.
15:20 Music from MGS2- the tanker part :D Dude that is a nice easter egg there!
The modern day titanic, except stupid as fuck
31:04 you can literally see Moldova between Romania and Ukraine my guy
The captain looks like Scott Disick
R.i.p. 45 min videos, but my god what a story what a ship, what a bell
Woah woah woah, will we get two videos  before he takes a half year break? Tune in next time to find out!
good video
So much about safety regulations. From now on, I'm sailing only with companies that can't afford bribes.
Passengers: "Ah it's probably nothing, the captain has this under control. Let's just continue our..." Telecom: *Emergency! User death imminent!* Passengers: O_o'
Complete bullshit and a setup.. the rocks were a paid actor
Love how they use Metal Gear Solid 2 Tanker Incident music
This might be best vid yet holy shit
Orang kita beban cok
Laughed so hard I couldn't breath at the looting part. Wife got annoyed lmao.
Nautical Lies
okay, nice story.   BUT WHICH FECKING DIVER GETS A FUCKING BELL OUT OF THE WATER BY THEIR OWN?!!?!??!?!?!
Phrase of the day: "But that wasn't true"
this channel has the BEST ads ive ever seen i never skip them. @nord give them more money
POG!
Imagine the company buying that ship for over 500 million dollars and puts that people in charge for it.   Well spent money.
I remember learning about this in a class
I'm a simple man I see a IH upload I click immediately!🙌
I feel bad for people who had to live next to the removal for years
Great video
why did the Helmsman run?
This is actually so good.
I'm italian and that's literally the best documentary on the concordia. Never had I understand better what happened on the deck
The comments in this video def has to be the best ive seen for some time. Internet historian has one of the best communities here in youtube
There should be a badasses section in these video that talk about all the people much more competent then the Captain at helping people
Jesus, this is surprisingly intense
Linus ship tips would be a good content channel since Linus is constantly dropping and breaking expensive hardware parts, we should see how he does at a helm of an luxury cruise ship.
HE UPLOADED!!!!!! THE WAR IS OVER!!!!!!
U can do the Texas power outage next?
10:18 Is this your lover?
When he said "ad time" I legit got an actual YouTube ad at this very second
That spaghetti shot pissed me off
So... you stole the bell?
God... I know this video had a somewhat light tone, but I genuinely felt upset as it went on. I only vaguely remembered this incident from news reports. In the beginning as I watched this, I thought "oh, the captain made a mistake, but since it was mostly because of miscommunications I can't blame him too much" but then, it just keeps going. He denies the idea that his crew and passengers are in danger until everything's more than blown up in his face, turns down help, plays down the incident, and then has the nerve to abandon ship while other people are still on the boat. I feel bad for the couple who were trapped in their cabin, it must have been terrifying. More than 30 people died, and I can only blame that on the captain's stupidity.
This video is a piece of art.  You are the best.
Insurance Fraud is legal in Hungary?
The fact 30 odd people died due to utter incompetence is gut wrenching
This is the perfect mix of education and entertainment. Absolute masterpiece
OMG that video was like 3 seconds long, make longer videos or I sue you with my pet fish that drowned on the Concordia
This is just so weird to see all over again nearly a decade later, but in English on youtube. Amazing video
The Linus thing got me good Mr. Historian!
the post crash interior pictures looks like a horror game
But what happened to the magicians assistant in the box???
they got rid of all criminal responsibility for a million euros? WTH!?
This may be the best yet!
I thought the Capt. was having dinner at the time of the crash
Already 30 seconds in and this is already a masterpiece
Simply amazing. One of your best videos for sure, couldn't imagine any other documentary doing it justice.
Aaw man, was really hoping for a 45 minute Cyberpunk or CD PROJECT RED video in a few years
Always amuses me that he reads from the script without understanding some of the words he has put on there, nor how to pronounce them. I would love to have this level of confidence.
I always get excited when I get your video notifications. You never disappoint.
Loved the halo music, it was a nice touch
Damn, I remember that accident. But I only remembered the part with idiot captain with too much bravado stranding luxurious ship on an island and that it was quite a spectacle - all over the news. I didn't know it resulted in over 30 fatalities!
Your dedication is insurmountable but; you are the internet historian why are we talkin about normie news? Game stop? Star wars? You know internet stuff. You lost your way.
Im gonna say....bro.....I fuckin hate ads.......I liked your ad......
my mind actually refused to realise that IH actually posted on main-
THE LINUS INTRO HAHAHAA MAN I LOVE YOU
such a good fucking video
How hard is it to not put people with zero leadership skills, and zero integrity into high leadership positions where they even have the responsibility of protecting hundreds to thousands of lives.
Man fucks up sick drift to impress mistress. 33 people dead
Best ad breaks ever
The magician was doing the act where he pretends to cut in half his assistant right before the accident  **Sweats nervously**  Thank god that didn't take a morbid turn
This video was a phenomenal experience
How long did this take to edit???
"I'm a whore but I'm a woman so, what's makes you think I care about 'responsibilities' or 'consequences of the choices I make?'"
but what happend  to the lady in the box tho?
I love seeing that menacing face in my notifications! I'm definitely not gonna roll one up and enjoy this! 40+ mins......YEAH BABY!
Im sorry you had to watch enough of keemstar to put together that bit.
Cemortan has a VERY inflated ego.
It's like the Titanic, but stupid.
I feel like this guy could make a 9/11 video funny and inoffensive.
Hahaha, what a masterpiece! 😂🙏❤️
if i was a reporter at the second died part i would of just walked away lol
31:13  Where do these simps come from? It's like they're waiting in the gutters to overflow the streets in defense of literally anything a woman does.  These are the nutsacks that keep women from wanting TRUE equality.
First time when an ad is actually interresting, i didnt even know an ad was going by how nice his voice sounded
"We're in the Matrix, it's all a game, a thought experiment." -Erin  Valenti, Utah Tech CEO with no history of mental illness, found dead in  backseat of own California rental car, days after going missing/calling  her parents   ------ what did she find?
has anyone sent this to will toledo yet
26:03 I mean if I'm on the ship that visibly recoils from a crash fuck putting on a vest, the first thing I do is nab myself a bottle or two. What are they going to do, stop me?
This is one of the best YT videos I've ever seen. 👏👏👏
Thank you sir for another classic
First vid I've seen from this channel. Fully hilarious 😂😂 Even the ad
Lmao the halo music for the ruins hahaha
A woman with an empty threat designed only to cover her own ass?  Nooooooooo...
I thought the video was over at the halfway point.
24:22 portal vs portal 2
me i would steal a bell im that kinda guy
I have seen this three times, and I keep seeing more details
.... was that a nuclear blast alarm siren at 14:00 ish? O_O?!?!
Holy shit i just found this channel and I love how this video is a huge meme but also factually accurate.
This tragedy would have never occurred if stede bonnet was in charge.
Captains don't seem to understand the meaning of "Get the fuck back on board"
this reminds me of a really bad 80's mini series.
Awesome as always. I cyberpunk 2077 video would be awesome btw
Alright fellas, see you in 2022 when the next video drops.
Internet Historian, from now on, you shall be known as...        Historian.
A former security guard captain and a ship pilot who hears english as a mix of morse code and navajo.  Ah yes. The dream team
I really loved the documentary style videos you put out. I'm gonna miss them.
I think I'm speaking for everyone here when I say.....       MAMMA MIA!    .
As an Italian, I remember this like it was yesterday... Also, I'd never thought in my life that the tanker music from MGS2 was playing during the accident! The more you know...  PS: The book written by that "journalist"  is titled "the sunken truth"   You all have a nice mamma mia
Thank you Internet Historian. Once again you have made my depression disappear for a few days. <3
Nord-body puts VPN the corner.
the audacity to use sims 4 characters & parasite characters asdfdfkdkd I'm dying
This is incredible. Have a comment.
Jesus, why is that captain covered in grease in every picture?
*Grabs hat and gets up on horse* Now I'm off to find the Hidden City of Internet Historian Channels *cue the Indiana Jones music"
Why am I just now realizing the pun in the title...
Love your videos. Hoping we can see something on theranos/GameStop in the future
That thing at the end about no more 45 min vids on the main channel is so sad. These long vids are the best!
Not sure about what he said regarding this being the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic. The MS Estonia disaster in 1994 had over 800 casualties for instance
Man I just remember hearing about a big cruise ship in Italy tipping over because of an incompetent captain, never knew there was so much to this story.  Also this disaster is not the worst since Titanic, but it might be the worst since Cruiseferry ship MS Estonia sank in 1994 where only 138/989 people on board survived.
25:10 well that's enough for me I guess, see you guys in purgatory
Wow you really used a hollow knight soundtrack at 19:20 ? The moment i heard it my brain fired up.
Imagine an Internet Historian episode about Chernobyl
Splendid work.
man the funniest part is when the ship explodes
"Captain, do you even know where we're going?!??!" Schettino: "Off-course."
Thought this was a different cruise ship disaster were the crew abandoned the ship leaving the passengers alone and confused. Yeah I dont wanna go on a cruseship ever
wait, how did he join that white party when he had to serve 16yrs?
Fuck, I'm going to miss the nice, long videos.
brilliant once again we want more more more internet historian
what song is the one playing in 38:32?
I think its modi in thumbnail
The biggest tragedy is that wasted spaghetti.  Don't mind me, I'm just hungry.
Is it just me or does the before and after pictures of the ship look straight out of a fallout game
This was glorious
Please make video about fallout frontier
Cyberpunk when?
BEAUTIFUL
How can one man be so ignorant
I don't know why you think us italians are so fixated with pasta , we only eat it once a day
You don't make us italian look  very good
FINALLY A PROPER VIDEO !!!
Maybe your best video yet holy shit that was great
DUD ur a legend nice video love it, I watched this twice One here and one in XQC's channel when he reacted.
One of your most fantastic works I’m sure I’ll be coming back to this one a lot
HOLY FUCKING SHIT YOU PUT THE TG5 INTRO IN THE VIDEO THIS HIT SO HARD I AM KEKKING SO HARD RN
So here is the lesson, make sure the bottle breaks up...
Pls tell me that this man is in jail. This is negligence and life endangerment at its finest!!! Wtf?!
neat
I've witnessed the tragedy of the Costa Concordia and I was abso-fuckin'-lutely FLABBERGASTED how moronic the whole command staff was during the crisis. I mean, that's literally what they were supposed to train for.  This video, watched almost a decade later, finally made me feel at peace. Now I understand that stupidity is something that can only be ironed out with rigorous discipline.
the Deputy Mayor is a badass
Is the internet historian an.... Actual historian now?
I for one enjoy the long videos and think they are worth the wait. Really shows your supernatural editing skills
2:11 love it
This happened on my tenth birthday.
As Italian, I'm offended: there's not enough pasta in this video. A minor nitpick: 38:48 De Falco did not make a pun (sadly). He says: "Le faccio passare un'anima di guai", that translates literally to "I will make you go through the soul of the troubles", as the quintessence of the troubles, or the worse of troubles. It is not a pun, but a figure of speech.
I like the 45 minute video :(
this really took a while
Really good job
I like the choice to use what I assume is Sims 4 sim heads
I'm going to miss the long videos, they have a lot of rewatch value and feel like a movie, I've watched the no man sky video like 4 times now, but I'm certain the videos will be just as great in the future, thanks for the great vids, poggers
10:18 love how you left that in haha
I had somewhat repressed memories of this incident. Especially the "vada a bordo, cazzo!". The barmaster at my old job (italian sourpuss) who used to swear at everyone and everything gained a new swear word for about 4 months which was funny. Also, great work - keep em coming! I still wanna see your take on the Stockholm G4S helicopter heist of 2010!
Please everyone that sees this send at least $1 to my cashapp...I’m in dire need of help 🙏🏻
35:00 I never expected to hear Pick of the Litter there but it fits perfectly
I thought this level of incompetency only exist in politics.
It's so weird yet so interesting to see foreigners talk about Italian events
Guarantee there will be a Netflix copy of this is 6 months time.
cyberpunk 2077 please.
The harbormasters expression makes me laugh every time hahahah
that was 46 minutes ?! oh my days.. that went quick. great job!
They sundered themselves
I can't for the cyberpunk video.
Hahahaha slovenia is forth in trust in goverment hahaha we’re definetly doing something right
I wonder what Tim Dillon thinks about the poeple on the ship.
29:18 broke me.
This is probably single handily the funniest video I’ve seen on YouTube
Spicy
Ok see you in another 7 months homie
The halo music was a nice touch
God this was a trip and I enjoyed every second of it
The nord VPN ad was absolutely amazing. The first ad for this that actually had me captivated and genuinely interested in looking into it
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the titantic" the titanic was a ocean liner NOT a cruise ship
"Not to worry. We're still sailing half a ship"
Your historical renderings of events should be required in all public schools.
the sims were really what made this. thank you
that is italy for you
Hello. Have you heard the tragic story of "albicla"? Propably not. I really reccomend looking into that thing. Yes, it is about stuf from Poland and the research might be difficult, but it might be interesting.
Bravo! 👏👏🏿👏 Well-done.
The guy on the right said "Leave cockpits alone please!" 31:49
"Linus ShipTips" made me spit coffee. 10/10
Your Videos are so great that I procrastinate from watching them.
What happened to the good old times when captains that made grave errors just shot themselves? Are there no aesthetics left in this world?
Stupid, wasteful and outdated industry. Hopefully it'll do what's best and stay down after the pandemic.
you cover nothing better then utter incompetence
Everyone gansta til internett historisk makes a epic til history
payday 2 Cost of Concordia underwater dlc when?
In online school, this video is exactly one class for me and it’s just so great. One internet historian video a day, takes the pain away (but of course, watching more than one is a great idea).
Please more 45 min videos :(
the subtle racism is sad
anyone know what's the song on 38:30?
I was young when the disaster happened so I knew very little other than the basics, thanks for educating me! The pandemic made me forget how much our government sucks
he looks like modi pm of india
What a video
Pretty sure they were playing Beyblade in the captain's cabin.
The captain made 1.1k accounts to dislike the video
As an Italian I approve!
1:27 lmao
Hmmmmm
anybody know the secret channels from historian, called in the outro?
I didn’t know lawyers were like off brand detectives. That’s pretty cool.
The freakin'  *GTA Vice City BGM* hit me with nostalgia~! 😂
Finally
q
Still waiting for Fall of 76 PT2
I don’t remember this episode of black lagoon
But but what happened to the girl inside the wooden box (the magic trick one)
Maybe that bottle not breaking really was a bad sign
“REMAIN CALM ALL IS WELL!”
42:12 made me burst into laughter.
Internet Historian will at some point be a reference in someones essay.
You should make a video about the Sewol disaster.
I'm italian and I wasn't expecting this, I 'm pleased
Drop everything, new internet historian video
Internet Historian: Lets give this Italian language a shot... eh ehm.... "trés furioso" Me: Is that a french word concatenated to a spanish word?
41:02 the book's title translates to "the sunken truth" lmao
you make good videos
Facimm' 'o inchino!
LInus ship tips broke me
Gregorio de Falco: “ star fox refferernce “
I wish I could've explored it post capsize like an uncharted map
What happened to the woman in the box?
If anything happens to the Helmsman please do continue the story
dang, I've been enjoying your longer videos
21:39 “ you are not allow to make film movie”
I kinda feel bad for Schettino because none of this would happen to him if the company have put a good restrictions on hiring a captain of a cruise ship. I feel like the company just got off Scot free. The company should have faced criminal liability.
As an Italian, Great job! there were things that i did not even know on this video
I dont think anyone minds waiting for your long really well done videos
"2.5 compartment flooded ? not great, not terrible"
What a fitting last name for such a piece of shit like Captain Scat-ino
Omg I was watching this on my iPad and it went out of power right after you said things are going to be foggy because the black box went out and I just waited a bit because I thought it was part of the video
Hollow knight song
thanks to the code for suggesting this channel, funny and quality content :)
I was literally just wondering like yesterday why this channel hasn't uploaded in a while and here comes a new video
10:11 OMG HAHA. love your ads never skip them
My god playing Tanker Incident from MGS2 was genius
this is a goddamned masterpiece
are you serious about their former professions? omfg...  I´m a apply as head neuro surgeon a.s.a.p.!
This video is powered by Sims 3
I died from linus ship tips. you owe me monitor cleaning
Another addition to my list of "Reasons why I will never take a cruise".
Can you possibly still do some 45 minute videos as well as 15 minute ones I love the long ones
God, I love this man's work so much.
I live for Internet Historian and Lemino Videos. Best Content on Youtube !!
32 people died only 8 years ago and here you are with the meme version of history. Shame on you
Spicy
You can't really blame Jacob for his role. Its not his fault the company hired someone completely unqualified
this was better than the last 4 hollywood movies I have watched, congrats 👏 now how do we find this secret channel you were talking about at the end
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live" ...   "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends" ...   "It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more th
As an italian i have only one thing to say: "che gran figura di merda"
I remember when this clusterfuck happened, and all of Italy was shocked: damn, the nostalgia.  Anyways, does anyone else think that Domnica Cemortan looks like Draco Malfoy if he was a woman?
this is a fucking masterpiece
Best quality content, as always. Cant wait for Cyberpunk 2077 video, my call is 4 months from now.
Buitiful video
26:22 can someone explain to me the Aussie slang meaning of “fuck off” as it’s used here?
what did they spend $570 mil on?
Friday the 13th 2012 Century since the Titanic The damn champagne bottle doesn’t break Inexperienced helmsmen Terrible captain ...not even 4 minutes in and I think ‘hehe, the passengers are in danger’
your production value is showing. nice.
#6 trending in Canada
hidden channels??
It's now also rumoured that Schettino was having a spicy affair with Internet Historian.
20:20 : pls i have yet to know what a "tarmac" is
And 2012 being the year everyone thought the Mayan-Aztec calendar would kill us all
damn this is just like Chernobyl
Love the MGS music
The amount of Italian things flying around when they hit just had me
I kind of prefer the waiting a couple of months for a long video.
Those Italian lessons are not showing in the pronunciations.
How the hell a fisherman dude got into the bridge of a half a billion luxury ship. Like, this is some comedy movie type logic. The dude probably have a hell of a story to tell to his grandkids
That fucking ending intro. Actually laughed out loud 😂
fuck 10mins videos! We need 1-2 hours vids every 8 months or so.
Rusli kayaknya jadi ojol di jakarta ato jualan gado2... Sori ga bisa basa enggres
"He just said LMAO XD"
So, being from moldova, I got emberassed that that woman was born in my country
41:03 Two little notes: “Rai” is actually not a magazine but our national broadcasting service “Le verità sommerse” means “The sunken truths”. Such a funny guy.
This is why you lie on your resume. Because this man can crash 2 cruise ships before he was allowed to crash this one
dude must have had terrible social anxiety to go halfway across the world instead of testifying
This was the longest episode of Linus Ship Tips ever
Italian here, glad that I can experience this story again in detail, as I was a very little smol when it happened. Also glad I can share this with English speakers!
Great video like always
pls do cyberpunk 2077 next vid
A friendly reminder that this was entirely the captains own doing going closer than anyone's gone to that coast, and then accidentally getting closer. Imagine the old captain who told him that the safe distance was about 1.3 kilometers, and then he hears hours later the entire thing fucking crashed into the rocks
The return of the bloody legend Internet historian
Really incredible video, imo your finest work. Keep it up, Storian!
Cant wait for the fallout the frontier video
cant wait for the bald one to react
As always, i fucking love the use of memes
*chefs kiss* absolutely sublime as always
Great use of metal gear solid music
Love the way you narrate, as well as the animations man. Good Internet Historian, good boy!
Who else watches ad time
One of your best videos. Holy shit.
Annnd it’s not The Fall of 77 but great Video
this is a masterpiece
Can't say anything better than other comments, just doing it for algorithm. Felt like Liking wasn't enough.
The editing is top-notch!
That noir Nord VPN ad though
the sheer fact alone of how this accident could've been preventable in the first place, astonishes me.
What an absolute contrast when you look at the captain of the Concordia & the captain of US Airways Flight 1549. One (the Concordia's Capt) deserts his ship leaving all passengers & crew in his charge to fend for themselves - thank God for the locals & Maritime services that were able to get there to help.  The other (US Airways Flight 1549's Captain) does everything he can to land & not only to preserve life  onboard, but anyone on ground as well. Then STAYS until the very last passengers/crew have been rescued  & saved, as well as walking through the wreckage multiple times trying to look for anyone who might not be able to call for help due to injury or death - which, thanks to his heroic efforts making his choice for landing manner & site, there were NO deaths, even with the threat of hypothermia from the icy Hudson Rivers waters. An ABSOLUTE contrast if I've ever seen one. But I suppose that's why one landed in prison & the other landed himself a medal of heroism.
Lmao: “sure, here’s a plea bargain, but only if you help us put your boss in prison?”
The titanic was plagued by Coal Burning ( when coal ignites for no reason) and weakened the compartment where the engine was, when the water got in, a thermal shock happened and the water got inside the whole ship
46:00 I was hoping to hear that sound, nicely done)
Cemortan really likes to portray herself as the victim! And holy fuck those "protests" of hers are atrocious. Basic white girl activist, it seems.
This was fucking amazing! Best content creator on youtube for sure.
This one was okay tbh
Please make videos more often, dude. This kind of content is hilarious.
Linus Ship Tips got me roaring, not gonna lie. Great job.
Alright, u got me a laugh with the linus ship tips
I have 69 words yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!
Schettino in russian sounds like "скотина" (ska-tee-hah), that is an insult to a vile person
I remember seeing the Concordia in the news but never really delved into the story. What a clusterfuck.
I shouldn't laugh at this, but the collision part was a moment artistic comedy. The opera music was perfect
Why did they hire a stupid guy to pilot the ship? What on earth were they thinking? The captain must have been excited to be the captain even without experience. The owner is the only one to blame aside from a dumb captain who think he knows how the ship work hahahahaha, a funny stupid comedy killing the innocent
Internet historian becomes real life historian! Fear the memes, loser academics!
I'm gonna tell my kids this is Titanic.. Far more enjoyable viewing experience.
The perfect use of Halo 3 music
How dare you waste spaghetti there are starving children somewhere
Really shows that to heck up that bad you need to do a lot of things very very wrong and disregard any safety in the meantime.
I know it's still kinda a recent thing but I can't wait for the day he covers youtube rewind 2018
babe wake up new internet historian video dropped
Can Nord VPN man be my best man?
They flipped the bitch!
a very italian story indeed
How dare they come for my boy De Falco
but heyyy  noononono  we are Italy most beautiful country in the world our goverment is like the ship we run on pasta, raviolis, and improvisation you know european standards its is not the captain fault, its the immigrants that dont speak italian and seduced the capitano we are the best like Salvini and Berlusconi forza Juve mamma mia !!!! where are my spaghetti.....
i don't think i will ever go on a cruise ship now.
31:50 there is a comment in italian that says, in short: fuck off with pilot cabins for god sake.  Not the exact translation, but the meaning is lol
Great story telling
Can you cover what happened with $GME?
Best nord vpn add ever
See you in 5 months
15:27 SNAAAAAKE
Why does this sound familiar?
The part about Hungary sounded correct. 10/10 representation and images.
We can say, that Dominica Cemortan is something of a Moldavian Monica Lewinksy rip-off
As a fellow Italian, I'm glad to see there was the spaghetti and wine flying around during collision.  This is an accurate interpretation of our cruises.
Great video, always worth the wait. See you guys again in 5 months.
25:10 Internet Historian is How to  Basic confirmed
Now that's a spicy-a deetball!
This video is FANTASTIC. You covered all the quirks wonderfully and the editing is your best yet!
As an Italian i approve this video,is very accurated end usefull
Why is this so good
that linus techtips gag killed me :D
I hope you never change internet historian. You're one of the few goods one left in today's world.
I'm not supersticious, but come on. How they ignored all those red flags from destiny? XD
Thanks man! You 3d track master.
32 Deaths and those people only get 2-1 year prison time/house arrest? That doesn't seem right in my opinion.
Pleaseeeee, just one 45 a year :(
9 years ago ? Damn I am old!
What a mad lad
31:47 Ah s..t here we go again LOL
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
so, the best part about this is that a couple of years back Schettino was called to lecture a class at the university La Sapienza in Rome. The topic, you may ask? Handling pressure under extreme stress circumstances. I wish I was making it up.
I see that pun in teh title, well played haha
Who else had an ad when he said ad time.
Well that wasn't Wholesome 100
holy shit, what a wild ride. i remember when this accident was on the news in 2012, so long ago lol.
What a great video. Ngl. Very interesting n fun as always!! Great job !! :3
Only onion thicc Babies can like this 🔥🔥
I've missed these❤️ please dont leave us alone for too long
Why would Costa hire someone who couldn't even understand Italian OR English? Do they have no standards in hiring people who actually know how to steer cruise ships? Also why was he even allowed to steer a ship in the first place?
bruh i remember seeing this on the news
I didn’t even watch the video yet and I liked it
One of the few times i don't skip NordVPN ad.
I started watching a lot of cruise ship crashes recently and this is by far the most entertaining 🤣
Internet Historian is a god damn artist.
So you had the bell all the time
Well... i wont lie, was starting to get worried
Man that narration of the crash was out of this world. Had me hyped up even though I knew what happened. Amazing content!
Make this a podcast ❤️
This channel is so funny lol
I really must know what your connection to Leeds is... You keep using images/videos of my small city and i must know why...
Not enough spaghetti references if I’m honest.
You missed a pretty huge scandal: while being under trial and not under strict house arrest he was offered by the University 'La Sapienza' of Rome a place in a conference panel about handling panic and distress. Of course this fell into nothing and the professor who invited him was fired
You've done it again, mr. historian
I can't believe that YouTube is letting you trend
Fucking love these videos
this content is so high level i cant even
I'm Italian, and it's good to see an amazing documentary about an Italian disaster
This was a true work of art. Spectacular work.
The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship, it was an ocean liner. Not exactly the same. :-P
Very great content my guy
I have nearly fuckin pissed myself when linus intro came up. ffs man, you are a genius!
This man has some of the most impressive content ever seen on YouTube and deserves like 10 times the subscribers he has. So that we can get more of this!
Why he sounds like sonny evans so much
The Return of the King
the ending was so heartwarming. i cried
22:38 and 24:09 made me realize just how good HALO music works in documentaries wow!
See you in 2 years
concorde?
i swear i got like 10 ads in this video. wth
Can’t wait to watch Asmongold react to this. I don’t mind seeing it twice
yessssssssss
Doubt anyone was "having fun on the slides" on the 13th of January in Italy ahahah It was most likely closer to snowing.
Just turn safety mode on lol
I would love a video about Bismarck or any German Warship from back in the day from the Internet Historian. That would be awesome to see.
As your biggest Hungarian Fan, I reject the aesthetics of the home of these idiots.
Chaos Theory music? Awesome.
Im gonna miss 1 hour Long internet historian videos
The phrase "comedy of errors" comes to mind.
I don't remember when I watched 46 min long video on youtube and enjoyed every goddamn second like in this one! brilliant
He’s emerged from his cave
I was expecting inital D when the ship drifted into the rocks.
LMAOXD
This is just a brilliant piece of work.
Now we need a arm reveal
Hahaha Pasta Mama Mia how quirky
I love the Halo music in the background.
See yall next year for the next video.
hearty landlubber keks!
Wasn't the Estonia technically more of a disaster than the Costa Concordia? 24:02
What's the song that plays at 40:22? Been trying to find the name of it for ages.
come on man make more content. your vids awesome. also fukc nordvpn, the app is broken af
This is your best content yet. No breaks on this train, because you never learnt how to stop :')
You’re a king for this one
bloody hell that was engrossing didnt even realise i was watching a 46 min video till it was done
Somebody touched his Spaghett
The Linus tech tips bit really got me good
So basically: Titanic 2 electric Boogaloo
Fucking hell, rest in peace, I mean I feel like you could maybe have handled the subject of the deaths perhaps more sensitively but still very informative and a good light into the disgusting disregard corporations have for human life
Finally a video yare yare
you've really outdone yourself on this one champ
still waiting for the cyberpunk video.
" Va da bordo Schettino!"
film movie
Domnica actually has a recent picture of the Costa Concordia on her instagram, wow
Hajrá magyarok :D
17:38 this timestamp is for me only
Linus ship tips fuck me I am going to get a prolapse with all this genuine laughing.
Halo music on point my guy
I like the long videos
The wait is painful, but the results are always worth it
Halo music keeping this tense lmao 23:00
Comment.
So this is what italian incompetent look likes?
oh
Lmao great video
13:55  Concordia: In case of Emergency, lie to prevent panic  WHO in 2020: In case of spreading virus, lie to prevent panic  Number of case on human STONK... The world sink in to the abyss....
That Halo song
The engineering crew sound like they actually tried their best.
>buyer to collect classic straya humor
I felt physically uncomfortable watching this 2:12
I'm Italian, for us this was quite a big thing when happened and Italian journalists and TV news talked about it for years, I had no idea tho that this was such a well known thing outside our country.
Nice use of the Payday 2 OST
35:28 skullgirls. Great choice
10/10
Why does this channel have two videos per year?
I hope this idiot rots in jail, and that he stays there forever
better then any documentary on this lmao
How do you manage to steal a giant ship bell and sneak it pass authorities
finally
Took me a while to realize the clever title
As an international student and an outsider in the country that currently living/ studying in (which im not going to mention because Ive also met some good people here), I can tell that this is a classic case of "the outsider got it wrong", dont get me wrong, working in a non native language is difficult and being an international/ expat doesn't make you spotless, we also make mistakes like everyone else. However I can tell that this is a Boss non fit for leadership. Personally Ive had many bosses or team leader in a group project that are extremely unstable and unfit for leading a team (not saying that i am but its one of the reasons why, Id usually never volunteer as a leader) and that would usually turn to me when things get messed up, mumbling unclear "instructions" just to frame me afterwards and say that I hadnt understand his "solution", rarely people would side with me saying that he didnt say anything and thats just an old framing tactic...(the worse part is during the first years that Ive lived here and when I was unable to understand the slang, aside from framing you behind your back they'd speak in dialects and slang so you wouldnt understand them and defend yourself) With that and judging by the captain's history of messes I think that this captain is clearly incompetent and tried putting all the responsibility on the Thailand-kid and honestly thats messed up and cheap, it was the Boss' responsibility to hire him and keep him as a team member, he should know his strengths but mostly his limitations and count them in, it is him, the chief, who agreed to hire him for whatever reasons,  it's extremely dishonest to use his competence (that made you hire him in the first place) and throw him to the sharks as soon as you mess up... Real dick move and honestly not cool at all, its already hard enough to work in a foreign country, its even harder to work with people that lack humanity and dignity (But im happy the people got it, since it was him that got sentenced in the end and not the Thai guy, way to go world!!)
Bellissimo video, ma sentire le pronunce sfasate è cringe
the fact this occurred on the 100 year anniversary of the titanic really is the cherry on top especially since in England a lot of schools were doing  the titanic for history lessons at that time
The listing part really reminds me of the MS Estonia
I would mind waiting this long to have such a great content like this,you are G.O.A.T
This is juice
Had no idea the crew was kinda all over the place and poorly disciplined for such an expensive ship
I'm an italian and as fan i'm happy of this video but sad of the memories, thanks again
is this dude using fucking dead island music as background??
the use of Halo 3 OST...phenomenal *chef's kiss*
damn
How tf do you know so much about boats?  Still a good video.
Wouldn't have crashed if the ship was captained by the great Stede Bonnet.
So I got this on my recommendation and all I watch is gacha how-
"who steals a big fuck off bell?"  To be honest, I was thinking to myself "I want that bell right there. It would be annoying during online meetings"
Quick tip for port and starboard, port and left have the same amount of letters and are the same side, works every tim
"Vada a bordo, BASTARDO!"    Ezio Auditore
How did the South Koreans couple not wake up from them (probably) rolling off their beds and on to the wall?!
10:10 I'm out😂😂😭
That fucking Keemstar edit
Dude at 32:18 looks like David Cross and George Lucas had a kid. Not important, just an observation
wait this guy had already been in 2 other crashes. And wasn't even a real captain.
There is a famous character, a Google search for "signals walter bulls". He made a fortune for himself back in 2018. Recently, such services have appeared that allow copying the results of professional players. This guy shows how to copy after him automatically using such a service. We must try while the market is on the rise.
Well done mate!
the la noire music sells it ( im sure its off that game )
can we talk about how much of a don the engineer is
Mf it's the What Culture music!
Came for the ads; stayed for content.
I can't believe that SK couple survived locked in their cabin :o
This is the worst Titanic remake ever !
38:46 Ringtone "By the seaside", nice detail
We don't deserve this content.
Yeah, yeah, 32 people died, but did you really waste all of that perfectly good spaghetti for a deet joke?
Well it is a happy thing that it did not have a high death tolling polling like other ships like The Titanic, Lusitania, The Britannic, SS Sultana, SS Eastland, The Bona Paz, And The Wilhelm Gustlof
The Ship, the Rich and the Audacity of This Bitch
He shouldn't have went to jail for so long. 2 years max
That has got to be the worst captain i've ever seen
Idk what i am doing here
Perfection.
Finally baby
Can’t wait to see Netflix rip this off like they did fyre fest.... smh
Welcome back main channel comtent! I missed you <3
Amazing work as usual, can't wait three years for your take on January 6th.
19:10 That's HK soundtrack. absolutely love it ahha
What happened to the magician's assistants though?
Please never stop giving us the deets.
dude great video! totally worth the wait!!!
nobody talks about the secret channel?
Spaghetti reveal
Why does not this man have 10 million, heck, 50 million sub ? A question that keeps me up at night. All time fav youtuber.
Honestly hope Carnival Cruise is destroyed forever, fuckers repeatedly break laws every year because they can just afford the fines, dumping garbage into the sea, polluting waaaay more than reported, hate those fuckers
bruh dont hit me with that halo 3 soundtrack
I almost forgot how much of a shitstorm this whole thing was lmao
When I was a kid and my brother was super hungover, we would sit in the basement all day and watch documentaries. I remember one distinctively about the Concordia and I was astonished, I’m glad it’s story is still being told
Mamma Mia! That’s a bumpy ride!
Please make a video about Fallout Frontier :D
This is a great story, but I fail to understand how it has anything to do with the history of the internet.
Am I the only one who would rather watch a two hour version of this story written by the Internet Historian rather than a movie about a giant lizard & ape having a bit of fisticuffs?  Brilliant stuff.
i think i heard this news but never heard the name of that indonesian guy... (I'm indonesian but it seems this lil fish knows how to dodge a bullet)
Can I get a refund?      FOR THE BACK 95% OF MY SEAT BECAUSE I ONLY NEEDED THE EDGE!!!
I’ve watched this 4-5 times in the last 24 hours. Great video!
8:38 onwards sent me. 😂😂 The production value *chef kiss*
It is honestly surprising that this few people died given how corrupt and/or incompetent parts of the crew acted. I mean tearing a 50 meter hole into the ship then calling erveryone to go as deep into the structure as possible is probably the worst thing you could do
This channel has the best ads I've ever seen
Tanker Alert theme killed me.
Only channel on youtube that I can watch the ads
I will never get on board a ship that doesn't have an Anglo captain.
Hell yes.
This is a wild rolercoster of beeing very funny, highly infuriating and just plain tragic, very well made
You've outdone yourself this time. This is awesome.
That part at 31:44 was genious.. Seriously man, I should stop drinking when watching your videos. It never ends well due to moments like this one :D
holy shit schettino is an idiot
Amazing video! Instructive, funny and detailed
IH: “ad” “CHARMIN TOILET PAPER!!”
linus shiptips
as a fellow mechanic, Pilon is my hero.
I'm afraid it's been, 9 years
Pirates? Shipwrecks? Now do Naval combat please! There's a theory that any future war between the East and West would be predominantly at sea.
Is that hornet theme at 21:20?
42:13 best moment lmaoxd
nooo, but i like the 45-minute vids at least shorten to 30, not 15
24:09 Halo 3 "Luck" <3 It sure brings back some sweet memories :D
What happened to the magic trick girls?
Congrats on trending
guys, he finally recovered his password
Dyatlov: I raised that boy
why is it weird to see people near each other
38:48 there is no pun here in the italian language, he is saying "le faccio passare l'anima dei guai" and if we tranlate it literally its close to "i'm gonna get you in a soul of trouble" which obviously doesn't mean anything in english.   The closest italian equivalent of "a boatload of trouble" is "un mare di guai" which was not used here so (unfortunately) there are no puns here, it was still an hilarius exchange between the two, check the full log if you understand italian.
Estonia was a far grater disaster.
The DEETS? Is this perhaps a Cyberpunk hint?
nice
finally i will understand the car seat headrest song
Amazing video always, very spicy, you are allow to make more film movie
actualy with modern ships anchors there isn't such a thing as too much chain i think, the chain is the actual thing that is supposed to provide the stopping force not the anchor,  it is the chains weight that actualy anchors the ship
It should have been the captain that died and not the crew member. That captain is a bitch ass coward
44:27 Now, THAT seems like some real-life Evangelion footage right there!
I saw this via reaction streamer and I've come to pay my dues. +1 view, like, let whole video play in other tab to maintain good watch time metrics (volume at 1% not mute)
This is cool been dying to watch it. Wasn’t disappointed
Dude I love it when you put out a 45min video full of memes and facts, it's f*cking brilliant.
h
Fantastic!!!!! Loved ittt
I really shouldn't laugh at this as hard as I did...
Watched the whole video no fast forward or pauses Great video.
The only way I see that man was still a captain to man the Concordia was by money and influence, how TF was he not kicked out earlier?! And why TF was that Jacob guy the helmsman?!?!
This nigga straight up just using Halo music
What happened to Marvin?
Love the choice of halo music, very fitting
Cant w8 for the GME Stock video in 5 years :)
Loved the shenmue reference
Thank you
pleeeeeaaaaaase in your no man's sky video you haven't updated the song list ;-;  what's the name of that catchy as hell background music that plays in that video at 16:15?
u ok?
whats the song at 40:27 ?
23:00. A man of musical culture I see
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
Concordia a beatiful boat!... Me: Concordia city in Argentina. WTF is THIS shit.
Fantastic video as alway and very tasty but honestly these long videos are much more fun than short ones. Much content, much tasty, much memes - me like. Keep doing you great work.
I can't even with the Linus ship tips. That's straight gold
Gamestop video?
21:21 !! Hollow Knight?! Edit: Hey 19:15 too!
43:51 Lmao, Linus better see this
good one, love you internet historian!
That god damn thumbnail though.
The Estonia was also a fairly recent (1994) disaster.  852 died and it was possible to recover the ship from the shallow bottom. But Swedish officials tried to bury the ship in rocks and made it illegal to dive at the site. Unfortunately the Wikipedia article isn't translated to English.  The whole story makes me ashamed and angry to be Swedish. Recently a documentary was made and they discovered, but it will probably will never be aired outside of Sweden.
I'm already waiting for the gme retardation saga.
LMAOXD
This is the best video of the interwebs
Number 2 on trending  I think YES
The Caesar hath returned.
I needed this, See you all again in 6 months
42:13 They let me pick. Did I ever tell you that?
31:43 XDDD
The Linus Tech Tips animation caught me off guard. Top work.
This was an incredible journey, thank you.
idk i somehow like that long videos
better than "seconds from disaster" :D
I'm Italian and this Is exactly what happened  "Schettino salga a bordo, cazzo ! " Pure Gold
2012? WHAT?
The Editing God has blessed us. Revel in his Comedic glow.
Cruise ships are a cancer on this planet
This is a masterpiece. You are allowe
You finally made it on trending.
Amazing. Truly beautiful and inspiring. Thank you for this.
When Internet Historian a dude on youtube does a better and more informative documentary then most tv networks :D Well Done Sir
this is doing YouTube right - i will happily wait many months for videos when they are high quality
What happened to the woman in the box?
Thank you for mentioning that it was the wind that pushed the Concordia back to the island and made it come to rest on the rocks.  Many documentaries and mainstream media get this detail wrong, and keep reporting that it was Schettino who piloted the ship back to the island and make him look like a hero who prevented a much larger disaster.
I'm actually from Grosseto and i was 13 yrs old at the time. i remember almost everything of the first few days after the ship ran aground, when the city got full with press, and of course i remember the trial in court to schettino very well, as i live next to the bulding and even saw him getting escorted out by police and into a car from my window. Your video is perfect and shows well just how crazy this story is lmao
whr gamestonk?
I don't know if i'm missing something of English. Just a little point: the translation of De Falco "but i will really hurt you" is not quite correct, in Italian he says: "Ma io la porto... Veramente molto male"... That's not a really correct sentences, like he want to say something (like "la porto in tribunale", that mean "i will take you to the courts") but he changes what he is saing during the speak... The meaning of his sentence was: "I'll get you in serious trouble". I don't know if the "hurt" has to be interpreted as "Physical blackmail" in English but it's that not in Italian
noooooo more 40 min videos
That captain channeled his inner Christopher Columbus when he took a job he wasn't qualified for.
"The Cost of Concordia" This title .... is just GREAT
I don't know if it's just me but I noticed a lot more effort was put into this video than usual. Brilliant as always, bro
Oh, non credevo avrei rivisto quel nome su questo canale. Bhe, che dire-
You've practised your tricks for years. All the classics, and some new spins to make them your own. You've bought your top and cape - you're finally ready to take the world by storm. You just need a name. Something that will grab the attention and make you stand out from the other magicians. 'I know', you think. 'Martin. I'll call myself Martin.'
Hey internet historian when will you make cyberpunk video :)
This video is a masterpiece
Nah its been 8 years SENSE YOU POSTED
"Is it still flooded"? No the water pumps, without power, decided to work anyway because hey, that's how they work
The worst part of it,  from what I heard,  was that a number of people died in an elevator.... I can't imagine the slow horror of being trapped in a full dark elevator with the ship slowly tipping and filling with water.
video reveal
...anyone else wanna watch a noir nordvpn series now.
Outstanding)))
The fact that they paid their way out of any judicial pursuit really shows the sh*t world we live in. What a shame.
Linus Ship Tips XD
Diversity hires literally sunk a ship
25:40 Singaporean mall hahas (NEX serangoon)
Lmao I lost it at when he dug through the pasta for deets
Didn't expect that Linus reference :D
Can you make the virus part 3
BONJOUR (OU) Bonsoir Monsieur ou Madame (s) JE M'Appelle Gregoire Kouglo. JE Suis Un Maître Voyant de l Compte de l'Amazonie de Porto Novo Bénin. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA SORCLERIES. * JA ..... Savons de hasard. * JE LUTE LATTE D'ARGENT CHEZ QUELQUELUN QU'ONL LUI DOIT. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA MULTIPLICATION D'ARGENT AUTO AUTO AUTO. * JE LUTE CONTRE LANE LA SOCÉTÉ BONJOUR (OU) Bonsoir Monsieur ou Madame (s) JE M'Appelle Gregoire Kouglo. JE Suis Un Maître Voyant de l Compte de l'Amazonie de Porto Novo Bénin. * JE LUTE BONJOUR (OU) Bonsoir Monsieur ou Madame (s) JE M'Appelle Gregoire Kouglo. JE Suis Un Maître Voyant de l Compte de l'Amazonie de Porto Novo Bénin. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA SORCLERIES. * JA ..... Savons de hasard. * JE LUTE LATTE D'ARGENT CHEZ QUELQUELUN QU'ONL LUI DOIT. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA MULTIPLICATION D'ARGENT AUTO AUTO AUTO. * JE LUTE CONTRE LANE LA SOCÉTÉ OU DANS GREGOIRE KOUGLO LE ROI DES ESPRITS DE L AFRIQUE CENTRALE. !!!!! LA SORCLERIES. * JA ..... Savons de hasard. * JE LUTE LATTE D'ARGENT CHEZ QUELQUELUN QU'ONL LUI DOIT. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA MULTIPLICATION D'ARGENT AUTO AUTO AUTO. * JE LUTE CONTRE LA SOCÉLANETÉ OU DANS GREGOIRE KOUGLO LE ROI DES ESPRITS DE L AFRIQUE CENTRALE. !!!!! DANS Daah"AZEBADA" LE ROI DES ESPRITS DE L AFRIQUE CENTRALE. !!!!!
I’ve seen many videos on this topic but somehow this is the most informative while also being the funniest by far.
dude, use some of that NordVPN money to fix your kitchen
What I find most unacceptable is that they lied to the public about what was actually going and did not contact the italian/french government for help.
As an Italian I remember this as a really huge thing
How is this anyhow connected to Internet?
The editing made this so enjoyable
45 min video = good, 15 min vids = bad
Dude i swear to god that your ads are better and better :D
Part of me wishes Internet Historian was my Dad. Just give me fatherly advice already!  Seriously though, one of the top tier raid (Shadow Legends) bosses on YouTube. Keep up the good work Dad...I mean.... you tuber guy
Thank you for reminding me of thise beautifull italian disaster (i'm also italian)
Is there a movie?
23:00 that Halo OST
Man... the ship company should have been shafted through hell and back. Also, the guy who accepted the million dollars from them should have been jailed and banned from ever being part of the law.
No matter how bad your day is... just watch one Internet Historian video and your day will ether start perfectly and/or continuing to be a good day <3 A pleasure everytime!!
I think the indian witness was murdered.
Love me some of that Halo 3 OST
Dude Captain crashed into Warnemünde? Ah helll no.
Linus ship tips.....Truly epic material there mate, well played!
Why did so many people die? We’re people injured because of the initial impact? How were they overlooked?
Glaube bringt niemandem weiter, Wissen schon. Wer an einem Gott glaubt, an dieser Illusion festhält, rennt vor der absoluten Wirklichkeit davon. Hoffnung endet, wo Wissen beginnt.  wir-kl-ich-keit(punkt)de
Linus Ship Tips ?! NOONE ?! :D
Spicy
i cooka da spaghetti n meat-a ball
Lmao this got on the German trend site
Utterly brilliant!!!
It's absolutely insane that they would invest that much money into building the ship only to skimp out on the people who are responsible for keeping it afloat.  And that they'd hire a famously incompetent captain!
I worked on ships (engine dept. 3/E) and can confirm this is how most captains act if there's so much as even a whiff of actual emergency onboard. Deny and shift the blame.  There are some who are decent, but based on the reports; Schettino is probably the worst captain i've ever seen. Him being a security detail to being a captain of cruise liners in only 4 yrs is VERY shady as hell.
This is awsome! The title of the Schettino's book is "Sunken Truths"... and is full of lies... XD
46:00 You did not use that sound clip from the Titanic movie XDDD. Beautiful!!!!
The fucking beyblade theme with the helicopter killed me LMAO
Linus Shiptips intro killed me
damn good choice of music for the before and after state of the ship, gave me chills.
Cheers Erik
All of this just makes me remember how much I despise Italian politics and high society. The worst boomers the world has ever known came crawling by that gaping sphincter of celebrity in Rome and Milan, I swear to god.
Every doc is a masterpiece from this man. Best entertainment on the internet. We need more IH docs. Please Hollywood give this man his own show.
This is PURE CONTENT
Great video
Instantly recognized the LTT music!
Moldova!
the hollow knight music fits so well lmao
Wait, did I miss something or did the girl in the box die?
Congratulations on trending number 6
'im gonna get you into a boatload of trouble'  seriously what a fucking chad
No gamestop saga??? Comeonman!
I was on the ship 2 weeks before it sunk with my family.
24:03 The sinking of MS Estonia was a far bigger catastrophy. Between 800 and 900 people died.
I loooove videos like this. Keep it up!
k
Thank God for that lady who called her daughter
They should’ve played the Titanic ‘Nearer my God to Thee’. xD
Vada a bordo CAZZO
He’s literally perfected the strategy to getting 100% watch time
Best video in 2021!  Vada a bordo cazzo !
So basically the plot to Deep Rising, but without the giant tentacle monsters.
omg the linus intro
Yes.
what is wrong with you? I can't handle all these uploads😂😀
Another  magnum opus of youtube
Ah yes. I remember. The cost of Concordia.
Even AD was brilliant! Amazing channel!
Man i love the Asmongold and linus tech tips references! The ltt intro remake was epic.
you made this pandemic bearable, and you continue to bring some of the greatest content yt has to offer.  Thanks IH.
Good recommendations
Knowing what I do about maritime travel this story is utterly batshit insane. Like every rule that’s there to prevent shit like this was ignored
Well THERE'S your problem
I've literally watched this 3 Times since it came out 2 days ago and am still catching things I missed
Holy shit, that was a good video
Hello everyone from Belarus!  I am very ashamed to make that, but I have no other choice, because in a couple of days my family will be on the street. I'll mortgaged my house and invested in my project, but due to the current situation in Belarus, the investors who were going to invest, refused, now the project is not finished, there is nothing to pay the bills. If some $ doesn't mean anything to you, then it can save a lot for me. I will be very grateful for any help, and I will pray that your kindness will return to you. My advcash U 9714 3991 0931 My card 4585 2200 0931 0839 My Payeer P1024561512
You are not allow to make a film movie
Love the sims characters hahaha
i like how you use Sims4 characters on this
how can a company hire ppl this incompetent for a ship of that size ??
Tell ya what, fucking props to that deputy mayor for having more balls then not only the captain but every other politician in the world.
I like the 45 min onez:( only long yt vids I watch
de Falco eroe nazionale(almeno in questa vicenda).
Captain got promoted to whitebeard.
Very important Video! Thankyou.
like in a shitty action movie where every character is doing the opposite a sane human beeing would do. I can't watch this
Internet hisssssstorian, my dude, ya know what we want? YOUR INTERNET SEARCH HISTORY! That would be a gold mine. Can you do a vid on search history and internet regulations around the world? Like the one in china and N korea where internet and free speech aren't allowed.    We also have to crowd fund a CROWN for you mate.
The boat crash edits are killing me.  Also "I'll cause you a *boatload* of trouble."
If you fall over you explode in internet historian lore
PARTY TIME PARTY TIME EVERYBODY'S DOING FINE, CUZ IT'S PARTY TIME
Ah that Halo theme, A Walk In The Woods
Still my fav YouTuber. Lol <3
Let’s build a fucking expensive boat and put incompetent people to steer it
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
I don't like the new CG "animated" faces... prefer the old style, real photos of faces. (with some animation).
Why I haven't unsubbed this channel yet.
Going 40 minutes without a "IM DE CAPTAIN NOW" joke only makes it better when it comes
If i go to a old costa concordia video theres gonna be atleast a million extra views there now
I literally dont get how its possible to cramp so many imbeciles in one bridge
Finally a video. After all this time
46:24  There is *more* than the 4 channels? (main, incognito, live and green)
2012, the anniversary of the Titanic, Costa Concordia going down and Star Citizen, coincidence?
im gonna miss these 40+ min videos
Oh my god that "linus tech tips" intro, you are a legend
Sweet mother of Jesus this level of editing is insane; holy shit.
Wait did he put a suit on to get on the lifeboat hahahah
Bruh I remember that in Italy we wasn’t talking of nothing else that this for a year
We must find that Indonesian guy ASAP
Internet Historian mustve lost a lot of braincells editing that drama alert bit. Poor guy
Indonesian when Internet historian mention someone from Indonesia in the video: that's my people nih!
Italian justice, a joke on its own.
He has returned!!!
Between the Corona videos, pirate videos and this video, internet historian is now just a historian.
Why didn't they drop anchor when they realised they were on a collision course?
This is a big pog champ video
Wow, Domnica is like the Italian Britta Perry....
Holy crap for once actually good yotube content finds its way onto the trending page. This might be a first, not counting the odd pewds video.
FUCK YEAH LETS GO
why si everyone cutting video times down to 10-15 min? 30-60 min videos are where it's at
So this isn't superstition this is a case of incompetence.
“hey i'm poor" “I want to raise my family from poverty " “but youtube not giving me views” “Ya I am worse then others”😞😔😭🙏
Being born in Budapest, I can confirm that its representation in the video is 100% accurate
"HM: Captain, could you provide a report of the current situation on board the vessel? CC: I know nothing, I am not on board anymore. HM: This is not acceptable! A captain is supposed to leave his vessel only when the abandonment and rescue operation are completed. CC: Somebody pushed me into a life boat! HM: Fair enough, now listen to me. You go on board, fuck! And coordinate the operation like a real captain! CC: But I cannot! I wish but... HM: My goodness. Captain, are you refusing to go on board, fuck!? CC: Yes, it is too dark there! I want to go to an hotel and forget all this story. HM: Listen to me and listen carefully, you go on board now, otherwise I am going to ream your coward ass. Capish?! CC: OK, I will go on board."  Acronyms: - HM: Harbor Master - CC: Captain Coward Author:  "themilfonian"
Anyone else get chills from seeing the before and after photos starting at 24:15?
The ads are always my favorite part
Amazing content, as always. I think it's the Sims characters being cast in some of the leading and supporting roles that really elevates this from a work of art to a masterpiece.
Cant believe Moldova made it on Internet Historian,   great country
Is it still there
Where would we be without you.  Don't mind the 45 min videos once in a while, makes for a fun watch
HOLY COW!!! The animations and editing is just SUPERB!! Youve outdone yourself, well done!!
Sinking of MV Sewol next? The South Korean Ferry Disaster
She aint that much of a beauty... and to think 34 people died bc someone wanted to impress HER?
should have had a quartermaster, it seems
You deserve so many views
Great video dude. Your vids are always worth the wait
That gal is a pure concentrated cringe in a form of a gold digger. But to give her credit, she went for a ship not a car :D
The 1:45 Final Fantasy VII post-battle music... Excellent choice.
2:23 fake footage, reflection of the hand does not move
Linus Ship Tips... omfg!
Zsolt Horváth [ʒɔlt ˈhɔrvaːt] Ilona is [ˈɪlɔˌnɒ]
Passenger? Yes Not allowed to film Lol wtf
35:59 horvathslos😂😂 @jokebrothersproductions
mmmm the halo music makes this so haunting.
This is an actual masterpiece.
You could have switched the captains face with Michael Scott in some shots and I wouldn't even know.
What happened to the woman in the box
Imma watch this 2 days in a row cause it's just that good.
33 lives foolishly wasted by some irresponsible, pathological liar egomaniac
This is a true documentary in every sense. NatGeo would not have been able to convey the Captain’s level of incompetence without dipping their hands into any spaghetti memesauce
I was on that cruise ship one month before it went down
My expectations are always exceeded by the Internet Historian!  Now this is some good schtuff!
I like how the GTA vice city theme comes on it fits so well
"That's the ship that made the Giglio sail-by in 0.35 miles!"
snakes for crewmen? good fucking idea.
Great
I love the little info bits you put around the edges to add extra context to things.
my fav: 27:53
the inside is absolutely horrifying. it just is
Beautiful
"Hold on, I'm reversing it. _Beep beep beep beep_ " fucking lmao
i thought it was gonna turn out that you were the disappeared Rusli all along
I love how much effort he puts into these videos. At 18:49 you can even see the text in a bit behind the guy’s head.
This is so dumb, they should have had sonars or something. Self steering ships dont wreck themselves. Also when everything else fails why there were no cameras in every compartment? Its like the only thing they learned in 100 years is  phones and diesel.
i know you said no more 45 minute videos but i think you should make more 45 minute videos. just a thought
6:55 Obligatory: GAS GAS GAS I WANNA STEP ON THE GAS
Not gonna lie this is one of the best videos, the last 2 were kind of meh for me
You know, I had a moment of apprehension thinking about your levity-filled style mixing with a semi-tragedy, but you executed brilliantly. A special nod to the frantic editing of the disaster in the moment, even including a current-time? Damn good.
I will never understand why idiots in leadership positions in these types of situations don't communicate honestly to passengers? What if something truly bad happened and, because of miscommunication and saving face, the passengers weren't prepared with lifejackets and ended up drowning? That's what happened to the children in the Sewol Ferry Accident in Korea. They didn't communicate the severity of the issue, the passengers (including hundreds of children) were laughing, having the time of their lives thinking everything was fine until the very last minute, and then innocent children lost their lives. Whole future generations of humans just perished right there and then (sorry for being so serious, it just annoys me).
God this channel is the only one that can give me a genuine laugh. Love the vids
talk about sunk cost amirite
The varus
The lazy yard parenthetically pedal because coin expectably like around a strong freon. successful, moldy handball
Me: Oh i wish this video was longer Me looks at time marker: how the hell have that been 46 minutes
Masterpieces, all I see are beautiful masterpieces on this channel
Deputy mayor was bad ass
HOLY FUCK HE USED THE FOLKLORE GAME MUSIC HOW CAN I LOVE YOU EVEN MORE THAN NOW
Aawwww, i love the 45min documentations :( But more content is good aswell, so im looking forward to more videos
"You’re not allowed to make a film movie"  Cause it- BITCH-
the production value of each of these videos sets the bar as it breaks the old one every time. I've always wanted a dramatization of the entirety of events!!
Wtf this is like a government that doesn't know whos doing what and so everyone fucks up.
This is a masterpiece.
Good video
The captain is literally Zapp Brannigan, who else would crash a ship trying to impress his mistress, leave the ship first like a coward and deny all responsibility.
Finally
AND SKULLGIRLS SOUNDTRACK? your editing choices are unparalleled
Actually theyre dumb they swung the bottle over the edge at such angle it became a pendulum and slowed down, should have used longer rope.
What's the song that plays at 24:11 ?
As an Italian, I was getting pretty triggered by all the overused stereotypes, but then I saw Ricky Gervais with a wig at 28:13 and I lost it.
There were genuinely American news networks that covered this with the headline “THE REAL LIFE TITANIC”.  Umm, yeah, titanic was already real life you pellet.
I saw 46 minutes and laughed.   Nobody. I repeat. NOBODY would make me watch a 46 video movie on Youtube.  Me after 49 minutes: "I saw 46 minutes and laughed...."
Thank you Linus Shiptips.
Instantly clicked off video when u put a 2 minute video ad but also ad the video itself.
Imagine if they had flex seal on hand
Jacob: Stealth 100
It’s strange to see how an actual naval disaster is being covered on this channel
i rode in the costa diamdema i mean its close enough
Really appreciate the Halo music for the ship before and after
boooooooooooner !
huoooo nebunooo ca faci riduri
Domnica The cruise BJ head officer
I clicked pewsiepies video, then saw this was uploaded, so I dumped that stinky loser and hopped on the cool train
Let's go straight the verdict GUILTY!!!
Dude can you make an hour long video that's just ads?
The end made me cry and laugh :), take my like good sir.
Damn, the man who fled to Jakarta - that's very interesting that they were able to find him. Likely they didn't want to bother looking for him a second time, but would be able to find him.
I hate that the long vods are going away in exchange for more short form content.. the fo76 and Nomansky vods are to die for... guess I gotta go elsewhere
This is incredible quality!
you forgot halo 3 - luck in the soundtrack list
...did you just use Sims 4 for some of the faces?
These videos just keep getting better and better!
Don’t ignore this Jesus Christ Is coming back soon Repent he Loves us so much ✝️❤️.
Linus Ship Tips
incredible
Loving the hollow knight music
ah the old Splinter cell Chaos Theory music.... i know that soundtrack all too well.
Primo music choice in this one lad
When Call all units starts playing you know the shit is gonna hit the fan
the before and after pictures gives me so much Portal wibes
It's funny to hear this story when you are an Italian
do a video about the titanic plz
Sooooooo All crew were lying like politicians?? Holly shit
GOD The tanker alert from mgs2 was pitch perfect! Master stroke! I love your videos! Also really can't believe they were playing my heart will go on
The most worth it content across youtube
35:17 bald
I remember some years after the crash, schettino was even asked by a university to host a masterclass in crisis management...That caused a lot of hilarity here in Italy...
Please tell me how someone steals a bell of that size and DOESN’T get caught Like, how hi Marc, what’s that massive bell shaped lump in your bag Drugs, crap
incredible video. I wish i could nominate it for some sort of award
the editing in this is sublime.
The Captain: It dont go down  The Harbor Master : IT DO GO DOWN
I think that's the sims Edit: thanks for no likes Edit 2: it's been three hours, still no likes? Edit 3: what the heck is the sims Edit 4: okay so sims is a game that has faces and that is the sims Edit 5: why aren't there likes it's been 2 days Edit 6: I can like my own comment LOL Edit 7: hey would anyone but the sims for me Edit 8: hlao music! Edit 9: * halo Edit 10: 1 LIKE FINALLY!!!!! Edit 11: it's mine in dumb :( Edit 12: 2!!! 2!!! YEEEAAAAHHHHHHH Edit 13: I accidentally unlocked it for awhile LOOOOLLLLLL!!!!!!!! Edit 14: I like halo anyone else? Edit 15: search Rick Astley song on YouTube and click the first thing! You'll get funnies           Rick rolled LOOOOLLLLLL Edit 16: I am funny right? Tell me the truth? Also what is irony can someone explain please? Edit 18: this isn't edit 17 you missed it didn't you LOOOOLLLLLLOOOLLLOOLLOLOLOLLLLOOLLL Edit 17: likes please Edit 19: it's been 3 days start liking please
27:01 "Used" Definitely
The captain is actual living representation of Zapp Brannigan
Art isn’t dead, we are a group of artists creating content for the people! check out our channel for music, dj sets, vlogs, films etc...the modern way!
I wish I could have been at the news conferences and leagl hearings. I also wish that i would be allowed to heckle the bozo capitan and his wench.
"Hold on im reversing it"
Why you no Tales from the Varus 3?
So that's who took the bell.
I can't imagine how disappointed Dido must have been with that Captain.
A voice like honey, a smile like a sunshine, and humor better than all cast of F.R.I.E.N.D.S.  Here comes Internet Historian
40:22 Song?
Employing cheap 3rd world second officers?? Hahahahahahahaha You can't make this shit up
First video ive watched and not my last
I'd have totally stolen the ship's bell. What a conversation piece.
The only bad thing in this video is keemstar
Already disappointed by his hands.. 2/10
The bell is such cherry to this topping ontop of disaster frappe'
Honestly I'd watch this in theatres.
Metal Gear Solid and Halo music in the one video? Very good, sir.
Hooman stupidity never fails me.
Holy shit a MILLION points for the subtle Amon Tobin Splinter Cell soundtrack usage.
Largest in terms of what? Certainly not deaths. The horrible Estonia disaster here in the Baltic caused 852 deaths back in 94.
doamne fereste cu dominica asta XD
19:49 - Hornet’s theme definitely fits the action packed yet, yet tense situation. Never heard of this disaster til this video
I liked the video and great job but I feel like this is how our kids kids are going to learn history by old memes,emojis,and clipart lol corna made them dumb
Best episode to date!  Completely gased from laughing so hard!
That Indonesian guy has secrets to getting a paid job without effort
The cruise ship that was featured in a film called Film Socialisme (2010) which is one of the absolute worst films ever made.
you need to do a video on the tenerife plane crash
2:19 HAROLD IS ONBOARD
THANK plz moar.
halo CE soundtrack i hear lol such a video
It's been 15 years... And I can still smell the fresh disrespect coming from the captain...
For anyone wondering the woman in the magic box (Rosalyn Rincon) DID survive!
i'm deeply disturbed on how you use sims 4 character creator for the actors instead of stock photo people anymore
What is the song at 38:32?
25:15 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
A captain that was literally an Italian player stereotype...
Fantastic
LOL the picture of nexx mall
I feel bad for the rest of the crew and the crisis guy, yeah they fucked up but they were honest mistakes that were exacerbated by the captain's lies.
I can't believe it's been so many years since that ship sank! If you'd asked me I would have told you it happened 2 years ago, that's what it feels like.  Gee, time speeds on by.
Amazing video, the effort you put into these is insane
31:14 Shes lucky those werent american police. She would have been shot 81 times for pushing that cop.  Then the police chief would have fired him for going too soft on her.
It is kind of amazing how many layers of stupidity were required to have this accident.
F in the chat for all the sims who drowned
43:50 that edit had no business being that clean
#2 on treanding and you finally upload. <3 <3
The amount of production value you put into these videos along with the intense research makes these videos an absolute delight. Not only do you make top quality meme content, you actually get the facts straight and present a clear picture of things, fantastic work! : )
no tim :C
holyshit this happened at night? It makes everything much mmore terrifying wtf
I can't be the only one but cruise ship design seems pretty terrible why put the engine right at the bottom?
i thought i made stupid misstakes but this helmsman and captain takes it to the next level haha
ha, i get it. good dad pun. cost of concordia. cost a concordia. costa concordia. ha
We need to stop calling ships "unsinkable" when 2 holes in the oversized water balloons can flip the entire thing.
These fucking ships NEED 360° icebreaker rotors. A rudder is ancient shit for tiny sailboats. It's like a 40ton Truck without hydraulic steering. Wtf!?
It's been 8 years....you sly dog
Jesus! How corrupt is the Italian chain of command if a freakin’ security guard can make it to Captain quicker than more qualified personnel??!!
I paused and laughed for 5 minutes straight at 1:30 AM when she choked on the cigarette hahahahahahaha wild card indeed
Fuck, this boat was more cursed than the Titanic.
I’m loving the use of halo music
This was an amazing video! Your best yet!
Neat.
Ooh that glorious LTT intro spoof though! Lie-nus would be so proud! 😁
38:30 man the creativity on this. Laughing my ass off
3:35 Gps: am I a joke to you!?   (seriously. Why do they bother to put modern shit in there!?)
Why is there a vietcong soldier?
Good use of the halo soundtrack
Those 8 min 36 got my heart beating a few ticks faster bro like damn I didn't know if they gonna make it or not. A-class storytelling lol
Well damn, #6 on trending.
So the captain was released from prison?  Wdf
It will never sail to Fyre Island again 🏝️ 😭
Not sure if the secret channels he means are the ones you can find by looking 'Internet Historian' up on youtube and filtering by channel but yeah.
I wish i wasn't too broke to support you :(  I'll still click your sponsor link maybe you'll get something from that
Bit of a mistake at 4:07. It says "He essentially came up the the idea". Otherwise, beautiful, as usual.
This is great editing.
this halo music is so fitting lmao
26:14 this fucking edit here, c'mon how can I not laugh.
I was 12 at the time, i still have a clear memory of going outside and seeing a man wearing a t-shirt with "Torni a bordo cazzo" (Get the fuck back on board) written on it accompanied by De Falco's face. An incredible piece of clothing indeed, i should have gotten one. Edit: oh shit it's right there.
Comment for Algorithmen
I’m at 15:58 and still waiting for 4chan to come in
The LTT rip off was truly brilliant
NO HAHAAH
why did you use that Halo song?!!!? you’re making me feel nostalgic
Ah yes, the Italian version of titanic
i guess it's nowadays a trend to have the LTT intro if something hits the ground isn't it?
Sad to hear you wont be doing longer vids anymore, they're my favorite.
So this is what they meant in that song "Communication Breakdown".
Brilliant!
What a cracker of a topic! Even the normies will enjoy this vid... Millions of retirees with cruise ship deprivation syndrome will be tuning in - that's a whole new demographic! Lol seriously mate, this is your best yet 😁👍
Damn, top notch production value, m8!
"Secret channels" Holy fucking shit what where
Dad has returned with the milk
31:19 that news article is acutually romanian, not italian. But a very entertaining video nonetheles.  edit: i was wrong about the site. it is romanian, but that lady was romanian. my apologies
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" Lusitania: "Am I a joke to you?"
‘Who steals a big fuckoff bell’ you. You do.
Like a cap. Zap Branigan in Futurama series
all of the upper command should've faced harder penalties and captain should be life in prision... ffs this 33 people who lives are lost cause of this dumb ass
I consume these like crack. Keep them coming old man!
Funny thing is, that granddaughter of Titanic survivor was onboard.
It's nice that you use a mall that's only 5min way from my house. Well done once again
Domp eet
Linus Ship Tips   I`m dying 🤣🤣🤣
Mmm, Juicy
“Well there’s your problem”
that delivery @10:11 is soo good hahah :DD
""the deets"   I'm glad you found them in there
I knew the Captain was a POS but I didn't realize how much he crashed multiple ships prior
I saw fashion multiple times. When was it restricted and what for?
Ad read ends 10:48
I’m so sorry you had to watch all those Drama Alerts for that 3 second clip
SECRET CHANNELS?
Nice halo 2 music♡
"I took the breaks off my car. Man like me never really learned how to stop"
Never would've guessed that YOU were on that ship
New Second Channel Video: Fashion.
Internet Historian is slowly becoming a genuine legit respectable filmmaker.
Loving that Skullgirls music in the back :D
people are rats... i'm sure the people who demanded a bigger amount of money as "compensation" didnt loose much, and thoses who had family that died asked for nothing....     my proof is that when you see at 34:40 that lawyer asshole and some passenger laughing..
Wow, such great videos. As always!
0:11 "it's been eight years" good god it feels like 2 or 3 years ago tops
Good lord. Soooo many mistakes happened all at once
i would like to thank the shout out for Hungarian gang
Just when I thought Internet Historian was already the perfect channel you played freaking Under Cover of Night.  Humanity has peaked.
That Drama alert edit was a masterstroke
20:14 The deputy mayor of all people boarded the ship to help? That's fucking badass. I wish our politicians were like that.
y33t
It's not the biggest since Titanic, what're you on about?
29:17 is fucking hilarious 😂
That cemortan lady is really nasty and disgusting for talking about dying when so many innocent people lost their lives because of possibly her. And she goes out to get interviews and champions herself for women rights? What a joke. Nothing for the women and men who suffered. She and that captain are similar.
Please don’t go back to shorter video’s, these are amazing.
As expected from the clowns at carnival cruise lines
I quit my job and sold my house to watch this video
Let it be known that on Feb. 18th, Internet Historian hit 6th in trending. Good video : )
Little correction at 38:20 - A commander (Navy O3) is equivalent to Captain (Army O3). You may have meant Captain (Navy O6), which is equivalent to Lt Col (Army O6).
Dear God I love this channel.  Can't wait for the GME one in a few months.
Can't wait for Boldman to see himself in your video again :D
Man, the MGS2 music is really on point.
Hungary was never communist. Stalinism is anticommunism.
Not sure this was the best topic for a video. I found it rather hard to laugh after being informed that thirty-two people died on that ship. Nothing against those who could, it's just that it really puts a damper on things; the whole rest of that video, the phrase "in the end, thirty-two people died" played over and over in my head. Good video, otherwise.
You revealed the magic trick! The Alliance of Magicians won't be pleased. :o
that halo music showing the ship is perfect
Nice spaghetti. You've outed yourself as Howtobasic.
Awesome and hilarious documentary. This is video collage artistry.
Titanic was safe with four compartments, not two.
This is absolute gold, well done!
Boy, the new sims expansion is really involved!
HOLY SHIT ANOTHER VIDEOOOOOOOOO
Yet another incredible video that was long worth the wait. Though I was quite surprised and saddened to see the image of the priest that consoled Schettino was actually an image of our Bishop, Paul Sirba, who died suddenly early last year 😔 definitely wasn’t expecting to see that...
I have to say, I love how this provides such a detailed in-depth coverage about the events of the Costa Concordia.
Im Hungarian and it was amazing hearing you trying to say Zsolt Horváth.
music at 24:10?
The phone call between Schettino and De Falco scolding him as he was talking to a stupid moronic child was memorable.
When did this channel change from memes to full on investigative journalism? I like it.
I wept when I watched this.
Dude, you're Australian, say it how you were taught, not how a terrified American (of the Christian censors) does. It's TIT-BIT. Remember to say the TIT bit, Im sure you can picture something to remind yourself. I generally choose a cute little bird.
Thanks for introducing me to the White Flag cover
this is the kind of quality entertainment you cant find elsewhere. Much thanks
Oh what could go wrong
Internet Historian, you are a fcking legend.
Music at 7:04?  At 8:04 it’s o mío babino caro
You know it’s a good video when you gladly watch through the ad parts
Love your use of Hornet's track at certain bits.
Not only is he internet historian, he is now Historian
Absolutely worth the wait.
2:24 Everyone so far looks like they're out of an 80s coke fueled gangster movie set in Miami
43:52 I bet that linus tech tips Will respond
I dont know whether to laugh or offended with the Parasite couple bit... All i can say, genius
22:00, is that hollow knight music?
linus ship tips, wow :D
Your content is awesome
Spicy.  Oooh!
Loved that the gran turismo 5 lounge music is in the video.
Took me fifteen minutes to notice the mgs 2 alert theme
Ugh I miss your videos I love falling asleep to them
"...where they were playing 'My Heart Will Go On'..." - Thanks for rubbing it in, reality.
I normally love the way you narrate your content. But I'm not sure this format where it's all about laugning at the absurdities is appropiate for a case where human beings lost their lives.  Also - This is kinda "just"... history. Not Internet History :)
4:56 as an italian I loved the accuracy
If Italy was a ship It would be Costa Concordia.
Man, these productions are GOOD!  Just the perfect amount of meme humor
Linus Shiptips OMG!
bravo.
10:17 Fredrik Knudsen?
hi internet hisorian,  would you do a video on fallout frontier or gamestop stock squeeze
The first Internet Historian video I've ever actually seen.   My thoughts?   Cheese
广州南方国际钟表城实体档口，经营顶级复刻名表：浪琴、欧米茄、卡地亚、劳力士、积家、江诗丹顿等。本档复刻均一比一正品开模。送礼自戴首选，欢迎咨询合作。更多详情咨询客服WeChat：qwqwqw754
Pure QUALITY as usual. Looking forward to the more regular uploads!
Very disappointed by the lack of "The heeling has begun" joke. Just terrible mate.
Unless your making the change for personal reasons, I’d prefer you stay with the long form videos.
Anyone watching this thinking they at least dodged a woman as crazy as Cemortan just hasn't met enough women.  They're all Cemortan.
I loved the Alien theme 😂
When he shown the shipwreck it looked like something came out of a Fallout game
Amazing as always
I thought I accidentally clicked at Linus tech tip video
I've been subscribed to you ever since HWNDU and this video is hands down the funniest, most interesting and best quality you have made so far. The memes by themselves make this video gold, but the way you describe things with the visuals is 'unique' yet i feel like i learnt way more than I should have. Congrats on #2 on trending, you've earned it. btw thanks for adding that *eh* at the end when you throw the bell my parents always joked about that scene
Top 5 YouTube channels 1. Idk I don’t watch them 2. Idk I don’t watch them 3. Internet historian 4. Idk I don’t watch them 5. Idk I don’t watch them
Good stuff as always!
Internet Historian, Internet Comment Etiquette and Internet Today really to collab one day. That would be incredible!! 🐏
Oh god!
He's back! ❤️
another banger boys
The hollow Knight ost fit surprisingly well
That goosebumps theme moment 40:25 I lost it.
Wait a minute, I made a beyblade meme of the heli ages ago too lmao
holy shit A new video
Ad end: 10:47
Talk about a TITANIC SHITSHOW
Is it still flooded??
As soon as he said Ad time, an ad about not paying as much Taxes in New Mexico appeared.
Love the Halo music in this
Is this true story???
The ship's remains look like it's from Fallout. wow
the halo music worked surprisingly well for this video.
It would have been pretty sick if they drifted the entire ship around those rocks
Holy fuck, this was almost as worse as the firefestival
This is Gold!
That bit of menu music from Gran Turismo 6 at 3:46 gave me some nostalgia
Glad this is #6 on trending, I love this channel.
But without cheap immigrant labor, who will crash our boats for us??? He cant speak your language but hey at least the helmsman can identify what is authentic Indonesian food.
PLease tell me you ate the spaghetti
THE Captain did crash twice before that!? whata hell seriously ! is there no righteous accountability in this world?
wowowowowow
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
lmfao the pubg mobile  twomad and beyblade killed me edit: everything killed me with the joke
why don't ships have redundancy compartments one the sides of the middle compartment with the essential components. empty left right and bottom compartments around the main sections so if they get punktured its not problem. its fkn simple.
Mmmm, I dunno. There were several scenes that lacked pasta, breaking my immersion.
Sad Thing : One Week after the incident, I would have traveled with that fucking ship on the same route... Well, call it lucky or unlucky...
Where cyberpunk
Did the chick in the magician box live?
Fucking Godlike love it xD Worked on one the whole story is a mess for showing up for that lady.
I just find media and the people responsible for the accident disgusting. People died in this accident and yet all media is covering a corrupt captain and a low IQ bitch? Poor people who died by the people's stupid relation.
Holy shit this was really funny!
Dude I'm always happy when you post a video
Wait i saw that shit in Dubai and i kept seeing it 5 year all the time wt the same pierce all in dust
Hollow knight music? Is that Hornet?
Glad ur back
Micheal Scott in his finest
God damn these videos are always so interesting
Welp, it's official. I'm never flying on a civilian aircraft again, not as long as SHE'S anywhere near the cockpit. I think I'll just stick to flying on military aircraft from now on...  E: HOLY SHIT THAT LTT INTRO THEME I'M FUCKING DYING XDDDDD
This ship is just a symbol of how corrupt and chaotic today's modern society is.
Stay off the oceans please theres so much you dont know about the industry. we don't need people who dont know how ships and the industry to come in here and pretend to know all the information.
I didn't know so many people died...
YES YES YES
Mmmmm, dig that Skullgirls OST at ~35 minutes.  Oh, and this is pants-on-head insane, for sure.
Dude... this right here is your masterpiece. Wow!
Liked just cause of LinusShip Tips
Can’t wait for the GameStop video
Let's be real here... Costa Concordia is just the comedic parody of Estonia.
Yo, that Halo ost in there is slick as hell
Sounds better than fire festival.
This certainly where the phrase "What Could Go Wrong?" applies.
Oh god this was intense.
The license plate on the back said "Enoby".
another classic! your trending #6  too atm congrats
The fact that you didn't cast Stede Bonnet as the captain is a crime against humanity.
its not CASZO ITS caZZZZZZOH
Seeing that spaghetti get toss like that was akin to a hate crime to me, but only cause my friends got me high and didnt feed me
Another high quality video as usual, keep up the quality content.
at one point i was like "wait a minute is that Kid Icarus Uprising Boss Music? No thats too random" and i hate that i was right
Bravo! 💐💐💐
secret channels??
Love the Halo soundtracks you're using.
its actually the chain of the anchor that holds the boat in place, not the anchor itself
Our bois on trending!
Wow amazing how that South Korean couples could sleep through all of that
amazing vid
0:10 since I uploaded a new video in this main channel
How one woman's pussy slaughtered so many people
46 minutes of the finest editing on YT, well worth the wait since last vid
Schettino sounds like russian 'скотина' (skotina) which roughly translates to 'asshole' :D
The amount of effort you put in to make this look low effort was effortless my friend
Omg. He is alive
waiting for the stonks video
But I love the 45 minute videos...
pool osaka on the costa concordia :- )
If they make a movie about this Steve Carrell should play the the captain.
W8 she's from Romania or Moldova?
I’m proud of you for not immediately going to ave maria
As an indonesian, running away from responsibility is indeed our specialty
Amazing video! Good research xD
Me as an italian i'm feeling violated by the english pronounce of italian names
That mayor... Damn...  Also that engine room crew also did a hell of a job
Yoooo the man is back!
Being honest, I'll miss these longer videos, but I can understand why you won't be doing them anymore. Looking forward to whatever comes next.  Now I've got to get back to playing Animal Crossing: New Leaf on my Nintendo 3DS. Also have to find these mysterious hidden channels...
A lot of Halo OST. Marty O'Donnell is always a good choice.
damn this shit was depressing
How come I’ve never heard about this story?
I Work in Costa... and I had two contracts where I worked on the same ship as Ciro Ambrosio he is well known for being a very restrict and short-tempered Safety Officer... but he is not arrogant. I can feel the "human" in him. To watch this video is... very weird to say the least.  I must admit that I got a little troubled to see Schettino reaching the captain position so quickly, skipping previous positions that he had to experience to become a Captain.
Bruh ur #6 on trending
Капитан буквально скотина.
Sleep in the same bed every night
Wallstreet bets soon?
The before and after looks like a cosmodrome  location from destiny
The sheer corruption of both the cruise line and the Italian government is mind-boggling, thanks for the video
Linus ship tips, lol
Great use of Payday 2 music.
The Ad never Disappoints 😁
So happy you’ve made a video about it ✌️👊 watched documentaries about this but what better coming from yourself 😎🍻
14 years on, and I'm still curious where you buried the bodies.
Like the halo song lol
Ah Italy  always that problem     *Lions led by donkeys*
Hollow Knight, Halo 3, GTA Vice City... my man !
You have got to be the most subtle funny channel I’ve ever had the pleasure of watching, ever.
yo but seriously who the fuck stole the bell?
the linus ship tips sent me
Damn I love long videos like this.
What a complete and other clusterfuck
What a waste of money and life.
Never leave us again!!!
When I was studying Economics we did a research project on cruise line market, lots of shady business going on. Basically it’s all about cutting corners whenever you can, evade taxation and exploit cheap labor as much as possible. And there isn’t much choices for you anyway due to Oligopoly. It’s wild.
I'm just confused as to why the command crew and even the crisis guy were brought up on charges
What are the secret channels?
This is not true. This never happened. Don't listen to him! Fake news!
Love that you used some good old halo music for when you showed the derelict wreak. Top marks for nostalgia there mate.
Why do so many youtube video credits miss half of the songs they put in their videos? What's the point in crediting songs when half of them go uncredited anyways?
While many questions have been answered about what happened there is still one  left what ever happened to Martin the Magician ?
I KNOW THE SECRET CHANNEL!!!!!!!!!
This is quite literally, the single best and most accurate recreation of events of that tragedy i have ever seen! No wonder it all happened, regarding that most characters only spoke simlish!
30:03 26:14 35:44 21:59
So much attention to detail here. Amazing vid as always.
This is some kind of cure for today's nintendo direct
'33 dead. Not great, not terrible' -Captain Schettino, probably.
Ok the acting from Internet Historian is phenominal! I just can't get enough of this! Also the animation and music is just perfect!
I wish school actually taught like this, I’d actually be a good student
I remember watching the "Bright Sun Films" video about this event. Now I can see the retelling in internet historian's style. Fantastic 😊
Linus ship tips
Every time I see a Asmongold Easter egg it makes me laugh
24:05 S I N C E  T H E  M T S  O C E A N O S
I feel like the helmsman shouldn't have done time. Dude didn't speak English OR Italian, had no experience, shouldn't have even been on the dang ship much less in such a high position.
I need the sauce for the hidden channels!
"Oh god not again!"  So she distracts the pilot and the plane hits rocks in the air?
Payday 2 soundtrack? Hell yeah!
Anybody know what the other channels are that he mentions at the end?
After humming Tusk's theme from Killer Instinct Gold, I'm surprised to hear it again here. Aside from that though, great video once again!
number 6 on trending bro you did it!
Imagine if this would've happened in 2020 or now, the ractions to it would likely just be "meh, not too bad all things considered" or "at least the iceberg wasn't on fire and the water too hot".
One of the most intense and heartbreaking videos I've watched from you so far. Keep up the great work.
another masterpiece
The 45 min vids are dope too
How could you not follow up on the magicians assistant stuck in the box for the saw trick?! For anyone wondering: She did get out of the box and fled to safety.
Some things never change. Some lessons are never learned.
Congrats on being #6 trending
Dude! Linus ShipTips got me
This video has more production quality  and script than the last 3 star wars movie, Holly cow!
This...this is art
Holy shit that's good!
Payday 2
I remember my mom telling me about this when it happened. But I was like 9 at the time so I didn't care and forgot it even happened until now.
Glad that u put a little teaser for the GameStop fiasco. Only 40 seconds left in the video and I was bouta freak out.
Damn, the longer videos of yours' are my favorites. Sad to see them go.
Bruh... this  video  is trending, congrats  my friend. 😎
I missed you so much big boy :'( please never leave again
The solution: make all ship captains watch the Titanic movie as part of their training.
does anyone know what are his secret channels are?
"It even has a watermark" killed me
That linus cameo
Damn. That was great. 40 minutes and still doesn’t feel long enough
Did not expect dead island music. Holy shit that's a good fit.
Yo why tf did I just get a Carnival Cruise ad 😂😂😂
If it hasn't already been stated ad nauseum, this will be another of your videos that I will more than likely watch repeatedly for both the story and how you tell it in such an entertaining manner. Keep up the good work!
Now I never want to go on a cruise. Thanks. jk.
Can someone timestamp the point where he includes a meme from American physco please? It’s important
Here I was thinking you would make a video about CDPR Cyberpunk 2077.  Oh well... A ship is interesting too.
Amazing
amazing video, narration and editing made me so anxious i felt i was actually on the ship ;_;
26:57 Jesus
GOLD!!!!!!!
Awesome use of the Halo soundtrack
That Deputy Mayor is a frickin legend though.
Jacob really said fuck it i dont know what I'm doing and ran and is still running.  a real fucking clown. This man was just randomly put as helmsman. Fled his trial fled his other trial and is just like fuck it. I can't I'm dying fucking laughing at this.
I like that Hollow Knight music I was hearing good taste.
16:17 rofl
"Ed time"
i was listening to this on my headphones while working and didn't see the bell being dragged and only heard the sound and i'm like wtf why is there some sort of monster roaring at this part?
*The Deets* should be the name of a new show of yours, IE.
God bless all the people that died, but it’s fucking cool how was like “fanculo, understeer drift it is then boys”
What are the secret channels? Whose got the deets?
The Captain is Zapp Brannigan.
I will have a large butter chicken with rise. My friend will have Kashmir lamb and this striking young fellow will have MacDonalds.
i heared the payday music and immediately knew, this mission would turn to shit...  its ok bain, no need to apologize, wasnt you who completely incompetently fucked up
I heard the *click-click* and I was like "Oh you are _not_ doing the LinusTechTips Intr-"  *BPWOO, BOO, BOO, DEWWW-DOO*   I cried. I literally cried from laughter.
Shame that these titanic 40+ minute behemoths aren't coming out anymore, I personally really enjoy them. I still personally hope you'll make them at least sometimes, but even if they don't, 10-15 min videos coming more frequently is nice to hear too.
Bro, you wreck one semi and your trucking career is over but you can crash two giant boats and still be allowed to drive a cruise ship?!
Good job.
This had a more satisfying narrative conclusion than some major studio films that I've watched.
ad ove
All this because the captain was playing 200cc when he thought it was 150cc
Bravo mate. 10/10
xqcL came to give a like
0:09 since last Internet historian video
A little Italian lesson: Whenever a C or G is followed by an E or I, it makes a Ch and J sound, respectively. (But when an H is between those letters, the consonants become hard.)
14:27 Humans are fantastic:)
For posterity watching this video in 3021, I love you all.
Good call on the shorter videos going forward, From what I've seen long form content has been seeing a drop lately
What do you mean "No more 45min videos"? You still need to annihilate Cyberpunk 2077...ᵖˡᵉᵃˢᵉ
It’ll be a cool urban exploration sight
“Who steels a big fuckoff bell?!”🤣 NewZealand/Australia 💯💯💯💯
great video as always! but im starting to miss the clunky footsteps and the "body-nodding" way of talking.
But I like long videos :sadface:
(The ad is over at 10:48)
love the halo tune at 22:39 <3
Yo but when’s the Steakumms video??
This is one of the funniest, most informative and even exciting things I have seen in a while. Gold star, Mr. Historian, gold star!
The editing is getting better and better. Love it my dude!
I swear Im going crazy trying to figure out the song at 24:12. Even going through the description I can't figure it out. It's one of those songs that's so familiar. It sounds like a halo song but it's not.
I like that you are venturing into more history outside of internet stuff. Also, I like these long form videos. Maybe limiting it to 20-30 mins would be an okay compromise.
good video I hit like 5/5
The little squeak when the bell dropped lol
That ad for a VPN was amazing
This is the best channel ever!!!
Silksong
Love your content man! I always get excited when I see you have another video up. Great job on this vid!
That was awesome
Mr. Historian, your videos _never_ disappoint.  This was amazing, thanks a lot!
#2 on trending, nice job man.
All because he was trying to show off to a girl . uhhh captain i think we hit the rock  nahh everything is fine i am the captain you sure ..? yeah without a doubt.....
It's incredible that this happened. Seriously, the dude was willing to risk death and millions to honk close to shore
Really? 2million views in 1 day about a tragedy that happened almost 10 years ago? dang
The hell does giglio mean and why is the ship tackling it? Was it the name of the rock they hit, italian for disaster, what?
10:13 "shut the fuck up"... lolz
Tony Soprano and Pauly in the Italian parliament at 40:16 had me dying. 😂
Historian once again providing viewers some much needed deets.
love the halo reach music
Strange but good. Well done
You outdid yourself. Bravo
This videos coming out just as the sea 'shanties with the boys' meme is blooming...bueno.
The legend has returned
music used at 19:20 is Hornet by Christopher Larkin
The hollow knight music was an odd choice
Incredible content
I was legit terrified when IH's mouth moved
What ever happened to the magician's assistant in the box though?  I'm just assuming she was helped out of the box after it went into the crowd, and then got off the ship.
Good MGS 2 music  And Halo music too
Keep it up
Man you trending 6
22:40 that halo music tho
We all know that since Internet Historian did not mention her, the woman that was about to get "sawed in half" by the magickian still lays in that ship, locked in a very small box. Press F for respect!
I can't believe the production quality on this
only 16 years. aw
Neat
God the mantis lord theme is great for this
I'm an officer in the American Merchant Marine Fleet (3AE) and I'm amazed at how well researched and explained this is. It's absolutely heartbreaking that this tragedy occurred and it's all because they didn't follow proper procedures. General Alarm should've been sounded wayyy earlier but I guess that might have to do with the captain being more focused on saving his own skin. Luckily some crewmembers actually took the appropriate actions in this situation and prevented many more deaths. Great video!
That asshole that caused all this should have life in prison and all belongings forfeit.
Only slightly disappointed that Linus didn't voice at least a small portion after that linus Shiptips bit
Not even a tip for the hidden channels?? C'mon man
> no more 45 minute videos on the main channel where are you planning on posting them, then? Because don't you *dare* stop, they're incredible.
Everything’s under control
Good boat story.
It's this type of shit that will be used in the galactic court as evidence against us when the aliens put their case forward.
I never want to watch ads, NEVER But DAMN, it's like a miniseries, if I don't watch it I'm missing too many jokes.
Wait, largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic? What about MS Estonia?
43:53 WTF~ Hah! 😂😂😂😂👏🏼🤣
Internet Historian > Vice
IH is one of the few people who could crack jokes at a funeral and actually get away with it.
42:13 LAMO XD. oh comic historian never change
Linus Ship Tips , the greatest thing I have ever seen
Didn’t know Todd Howard’s brother was the captain for the Concordia😯😯
THANK YOU I've been waiting for months for this...finally a new Nord VPN ad!
I love this guy
Spicy \m/
"I'm giving you one week to tell the TRUTH about what happened IMMEDIATELY"?? 🤷🏾‍♂️ So does he have the full weak or did she want him to confess "immediately" 😂😂 Ominous treat indeed 😶😂
well this is just another sign that ai will replace us for being so stupid
Schettino the kind of guy who gets speeding tickets while cruising a ship
The Halo music XD
why a bunch of stock images and sims characters can make so much tension stop
Bruh that Linus tech tips intro tho 😂
Is that fucking silksong music I hear!?!?? You sir have a fine taste
Peak indonesian moment
40:16 *molto molto bella*
Who else realized the iPhone and some cars used was from the wrong period?
I never clicked on a video so fast, I saw Concordia with internet historian, about broke my phone screen.
as someone who doesn't know anything about this boat and has never heard of it, its an anxiety inducing experience listening to this wondering what will go wrong and when
This is so hilariously f*cking entertaining i couldn't stop laughing for most of it.  Moral of the story? *Don't be an arrogant ding-dong.*
I remember seeing this story unfold in real time in my 5th grade classroom
i cant wait to watch this on asmongold's channel
I would love to know where the hell Jacob is now.
...You had better eat that damn spaghetti.
oh god your mouth is moving
24:18 Halo Theme starts. goos bumbs
Can we get a video on Fallout the Frontier pleaseee
I did not expect hornet’s theme in this video
‘Linus ship tips’ 😂
You're not making any more 50min videos?  Aww, this was probably my favorite thing that you made.
What a humorous & horrifying account with such attention to detail & creativity. He's really outdone himself with this one!
i was born in the right historination
If only Stede Bonnet lead the ship, everything would have been fine
finger licking good
I dunno seems like it was worth it
29:59 Anyone knows the name of this song? Apparently it isn't in the list on the description alongside other songs (like Tusk theme from Killer Instinct Gold).
Algorismn:^
ahahha the Shenmue thing! so random. so topical. also, serious question, did the woman in the Feet box survive? I dont think I saw anything about that..
Holy shit is this a car seat headrest reference?
Ok
"who steals a big fk off bell"  that part got me good XDXDXD
De Falco: Noooo! You can't just abandon ship while there are people on board!    Schettino: haha lifeboat go brrr
Get this man a deal with Netflix/Hulu so he and a huge team can make large scale, easy to follow, hilarious, and casual documentaries. Or continue with yt, whatever makes ya happy
Big chunges
I can't wait for the Cyberpunk video or the fallout 76 pt2
The after images of the ship are hauntingly beautiful; I can definitely imagine a game being set there, and you need to get into certain rooms to find special items for the overarching story.
To the people who will never see this comment  I killed a man
I appreciate the hollow knight music
This reminds me of how I tried to dodge torpedoes when I started playing World Of Warships..
Your ads rival your content in terms of gold, haha. You really should have a compilation of it..
La belleza de la vida, permite disfrutá de esta belleza
Imagine seeing this a day after it was uploaded
I was sad but now I watch video I happy
Don't take 3 people on a 1 month cruise.  4 people in an office cubicle is a bad idea.  If you're the short one you sleep on the bed that hangs from the ceiling.
"OH GOD NOT AGAIN"
35:23 yooo we getting some of that skullgirls music?!?!
Basically dumb people try to do something amazing on an obviously cursed date. Very funny. Oh it was real I hear? BAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA LMAOOOOOOO
The only thing more disastrous than incompetent people being put in charge of other people are natural disasters...
let me out let me out let me out
Spicy
Such a tragedy shouldn't be this funny.
Than damn linus ShipTips got me 🤣🤣
Why the fuck are you using the Fate/Stay Night font for the footnotes
“Dump it” lol whoever is your editor is or if you edit but god damn it’s engaging and funny
Bro good video but how is this internet history
Were they really playing my heart will go on? 😆
I love the linus ship tips
Sacco and Venzetti were also guilty. Just sharing.
I was laughing my ass of the entire second half of this video but I can't share it with any of my friends or family because none of them find this kind of humor funny
Honestly, Jacob shouldn't be held responsible considering he should not have been hired for the job in the first place - they should punish the incompetent dunce who hired him.
I love how this was not only hilarious but highly informative as well. :D
the waiting is finally over and it was worth every minute ^^ i remember watching the rescue on cnn. nice work.
Womens rights lmao
Who steals a Big F*ck Off Bell Well me of course because it handing above my mental for IRL
My God.. his avatar is evolving.. It has *_lip animations._*
why is the "go down with this ship" joke so good
1:31 hey that was my 6th birthday :)
As a sailor, this...just...gets worse and worse and wosre...wow. How is this real life. Thanks for the video.
Brad’s wife could have turned the ship to safety.
The fall of envy cover of “white flag” got a shit ton of views because you put it in this video😂
i gotta say the moving lips is weird
Talk about mismanagement at very high levels. The guy should of never even been considered for the position of a near billion dollar ship with 2 crashes on record. Let alone his advancement path career wise, its definitely all due to his having some level of charisma to charm important VIPs while he was working security that let him make that jump. Also the pure lack of regulation on the company level for allowing a jump like that probably with very little verification of the man's capabilities and also deviations to planned courses, its clear he was eye balling because he didn't understand what all the instruments and what not did and actual physics of a boat that big. I'm impressed the company managed to get out by blaming the guy cause it was in the grand scheme of things their fault the guy was even in charge to begin with, given his lack of ability.
The best work you’ve made yet.
Anyone know the secret channels? Cazzo
Isn't this just Titanic 2?
The titanic is fucking pissants compared to what happened to the poor Wilhelm Gustloff. 9,000+ lost on a single ship.
I vividly remember the newsreel of the sinking. Its honestly crazy looking back at it now as opposed to being a small kid
"Schettino vada su quella cazzo di nave" "Ma io.." "VADA !"  *Actual conversation between Schettino and probably Sun Tsu*
No more 45 minute videos? D: but those are the best ones!!
how you present its really funny...  xqcL
Estonia was a greater disaster
This is the weirdest game of the sims I have ever seen
Mario Pellegrini ultimate chad:€
So you think you could do a history video about Spiderman: Turn off the Dark? You know, the play that caused the death of someone in set?
gr8 video, m8
was this the same ship where a class of kids died? or was that another cruise?
This just made 2021 so much better
why do you always have to tilt your phone while watching top 10 videos: Because they're always listing
other youtubers: raid shadow legends is fun, I like this character who wears raycons and uses nord vpn, privacy n shit.  Internet historian:  also internet historian: advertises raid shadowlegends on a RTO video.
No god not again 😂😂😂😂
OK now do Sewol
The time and effort that goes into these videos is phenomenal and makes you my favourite YouTuber
love this, a mixture of all the experience with your storytelling from your fanfiction readings and classic internet Historian videos. This right here is the best one yet.
46:01      I know what you did there.  >:(
What a masterpiece...
Superb content
I just wanted to sing Sea Shanties with the boys...
Italian Monday craftsmanship in a nutshell.
This was an amazingly made video!
Gotta say, I do absolutely love the more long-form content over a quickie, they are always worth the wait!
Beyblade!
can someone link his secret channels
honestly im just here for his ads lmao
i president Abraham Lincoln command you to make a video about what happened to game stop and wall street bets
Lol the primms hood cinema soundbite.
This was amazing holy shit
quality
Ad time  Navy ad
23:35... anyone who has ever seen Asian uni students sleeping on public transport or in lectures is absolutely not surprised by this.
School nah internet historian yes
I'm sorry but we have a real problem on our hands.   I'm very unsettled by the fact that the budget is so huge he can animated his lips moving and actually syncing to words (at 2:10).  What happened to the choppy low budget historian we know and love?!
It's not fair Jacob Rusli Bin escaped to Jakarta, hope he get haunted with the ghost who died in the ship. He should learn language more often and learn more about the ship navigation
My god, my parents both in their 60’s absolutely died laughing at this haha
What happened to De Falco is super fucked up & beyond corrupt. He did absolutely everything right here. & While he spoke very passionately & was clearly pissed off, he was also dealing with the danger to all the people on board that ship & a captain who kept lying & preventing help from arriving sooner.  He did not deserve to be demoted & fucked over.
Ah yes
mood
Can’t wait for GameStock video!
imagine what someone who just crashed a half billion dollar ship thinks
Jesus love you, he died on the cross for you, accept him as your lord and savior he can change everything. For God so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life" (Jn 3:16"  But you must repent too. From that time Jesus went about preaching and saying, Let your hearts be turned from sin, for the kingdom of heaven is near. (Matthew 4:17)"
So you were on that ship...
I only wish they start showing this in all the mariner schools.
Damn, gotta love italians, I dont get it how this guys made best empire in human history...
31:20 Ah yes, modern day activism   Complaining about a problem that’s non existent, the causing more havoc about it than the “bad guys”
mgcñ
16:06 sorry to break this up for u mate but thats not how livornesi (people from livorno) talk. I suggest to change the audio file with "boia dè, boia" ando nothing else.
I wish for these numbers in a video lol. I am getting there though
At this point, I'm kisa surprised that the ship wasn't also attacked by a gigantic Archeopriapulida.
"Vado a bordo, cazzo!" - based Gregorio de Falco
Big life tip, never Board a plane/an event/boat with Internet historian, There always big disaster
This is pretty much Speed 2: Cruise Control, but the captain was just a dumb bastard. I mean, good lord. Just start slowing down the ship once you realize you started going off your original course. Jesus Christ.
They literally had to devote serious money and manpower to build a steel underwater carriage for this f**ker just to flip it over lol
Goddamn that halo hit at 24:40
Plot twist Internet Historian actually did steal the bell.
‎
#6 on trending. You must be proud. Great job, man! ... though your association with Sseth already guaranteed me following you.
howtobasic!!!!!!
Return of the King
Wait! The Ruby Princess is owned by the same parent company!?
Editing perfection, IH kills it again. Just.. 🤌
actually good ad wait what
Top notch content  as always
Gotta love how he’s only hearting verified accounts
Wow awesome video. LinusShipTips are the best
The only reason I watch YouTube today. Thanks for  this.
Cemortan is kinda cute ngl
Too many ads jfc
Get back on that fucking boat, what a badass
When an ad interrupts ed thyme. 😒
I hear that juicy hollow knight banger
If I'm honest I really prefer these 45 minute videos more than the 15 minute ones
Can we have more information on the trial in the Q&A? It was probably pretty straight-forward but we need to know if there was any spice
Where the hell is the secret channel?
I love the subtle hollow knight music
"Is there water coming in?" "Yes" "Not great but not terrible" Hmmm?
Italian Naval Admiral: "Fuck you and your leadership, De Falco! You've outshone me and I'm gonna bring you down a peg or two. You won't lead anything ever again!"  De Falco: "Guess I'll go into politics and become a national leader instead, fucktard."
Truly history
Here we fuckin go
Imagine having just one too many piña colada’s  up top during the day and passing out during this whole fiasco. Only to wake up to not only a massive hangover from the cheap booze but also a sinking ship.
19:09 hornet protector music
Thank you, Internet Historian. Thank you.
Anyone knows where the footage from 44:00 is from? It looks like it's from a game
Twomad speaking ancient Japanese tho
The use of Metal Gear Solid music is giving me PTSD flash backs of anxiety and i love it ha ha HOLY FUCK!
29:08 Big Ed 90 Day Fiancé may in hair reference i see you
They literally played My Heart Will Go On on a sinking liner? Surely this would calm the people down.
Idk what make me proud more. The fact that Jacob is Indonesian  or  he act the way i expect him to when they call him for court
This could easily be aired 1to1 on tv
What a nice birthday gift! Honestly excited each time I see a video in my inbox, because I know, no matter how long the wait, it is ALWAYS worth it!
A Banger has been gifted to us.
Yet another solid one from internet historian.🙌 But no more “long” videos on main channel? Whyyyyy? 😩  The 46:48 mins was so awesome, time well spent, including the sponsor add 😂
Holy crap, #6 on Trending. I am so proud.
31:49 Guys that’s a PLANE’S cockpit, not a bridge oh fuck.
The payday music is great
I screamed when I heard the hornet fight from hollow knight.
Loved the El Cargo bit at 35:51. A man of culture.
What Narendra modi doing here tho
The gentleman pirate would NEVER have let this halpen
You should do gamestonks
i know all of IE's secret channels but i ain't telling yall muahahahahaha
Wo it’s so long. Could have ended halfwayand I would have been satisfied. Bless you IH
Sucks that it's like "And then finally he went to prison!" fuck that I want to see him actually making things better for people, actually repairing the outcomes of his shitty behaviour not sat in some cell wishing he'd got away with it all
I never expected skullgirls music in this masterpiece of a video
Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip... From a port in the Tyrrhenian Sea aboard this cruising ship.  The captain was the careless type, with a helmsman practically mute... 50,000 metric tons set sail on its infamous week-long route, its infamous week-long route.  The parties started getting hot, the horn must blast, no doubt... Incompetence bestruck the bridge and the ship would bottom out, the ship would bottom out.  The ship capsized off the shores of this police infested isle. With Schettino, his mistress too. A naval bloke, who has a brain. 5 turbulent years 32 dead souls, loots, lawyers, manhunts, and the vessel was scrapped.
Wtf i was just watching a salvaging of this ship
10:11 just to refer back to. Thanks
When he said "Buenos noches you later"... I don't know why that got me so good. I spit out my drink laughing
The exploding boat was not necessary at all but highly appreciated
This is like stupid Chernobyl
spicy
linus ship tips this video is gold
Oh sweet there's hollow knight music in this
woah new video?
Very good
Surprised the entire ocean didn't turn brown with the sheer magnitude of this shit storm.
The captain is very stupid ain't kiddin also what an asshole he didn't even help the passengers he only said shit what a liar Rip Russel he was better then the captain
But I like longform Internet Historian videos....  :D  God I remember seeing that shitshow live.  If there's one lesson that could be taken from this is that regulations and best practices are written in blood.
I missed this content so much. I laughed, I cried,  I got angry at times...
So what happened to Martin?
19:20 Hornet theme, YES... YEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
This is a protocol shitsfucked
Worth the wait
The sentence mixing done on the Drama Alert clips was absolutely beautiful. Holy fucking shit.
lol linus ship tips
internet historian. you utter fool. the titanic could withstand up to four compartments flooded, not two. BAH. pathetic.
Congrats on trending Mr. Historian
So like we're gonna do $GME next right?
I love how I understand this better now than when the news was covering it.
Finally...
These videos are so good, how is this free?
ViVon
still waiting on that 2019 SEA games video...
captain Danko the origin
the transitions are incredible. Bravo.
This is an amazing video 😂😂😂😂
I ......
Holy shit he posted
and this is why you shouldn't become rich be broke and happy than be rich and probably die in a cruise ship
bruh how the fuck you level up from painter, to 570 million worth boat ship handler, oh wait, they probably payed him with peanuts
I remember watching another video on this, the conversation between the captain of the coastgaurd and captain of the ship was serious, the coast gaurd captain tells the numbskull repeatledley to do his duty and that he will make sure that they don't get away with this.
bruh the halfway point got me so good lmao
24:20 that’s some Koyaanisqaatsi shit.
What happened to the magicians assistant in the box?!! I must know!!!
I waited half a year to watch a 45 min video about a ship     sounds good carry on
"You're not allowed to make a film movie." "I am allow. I'm allow."  "Who say you are allow?" She is allow alright? now let her film a film movie
Has someone who loves Maritime history this was AMAZING😂
That single Bogdanoff frame at around 30:00 made the whole video  EDIT: Ok the Linus ShipTips did
Damn using a lot of Halo songs
I work on a cruise ship and as a new hire we sit through a 40 minute video talking about the costa concordia with explanation and details from the officers. They should show this video. It's so well done and shows the true dangers when there's poor communication and procedures.
Oh man, digging into the spaghetti deets xD
Nice use of under cover of night
F
What is that footage at 45:09 ?
Halo music
He's back!
Pop
My only complaint is that you didn't flip the clip of Titanic busting open horizontally.
31:48 ah shit, here we go again.
You're a big inspiration to me. Really looking forward to your WSB video!
the king is BACK!
This was an amazing piece of history
The Halo 3 Soundtrack was a good pick my dude.
i know someone who was on the ship that day, pretty weird
I won't go down with the ship I will put my hands up and surrender There will be no more flags above my door I have lost, and I always will be
I have to say out of everything done right in this video the music selection truly is fantastic
Ship: *Currently sinking*  Guy with the aux cord: "I'm about to do a pro-sailor move."
pls do the frontier mod, comedy gold mine
ive never been so stressed in my life and i knew what was gonna happen
10/10 those Italian police uniforms
Anyone else here like Car Seat Headrest?
If I was a history teacher I would show this to the kids on the 1st day Just so they can get a taste of how the year is going to be
In the end The hero get thrown under the bus While idiot who cuase the accident still get fame  And people wonder why being the hero is not worth it :/
Shout out to the Italian rescuers. At least someone had their shit together. Also, I'd love to be a fly on the wall when the captain was dressed down by the harbour Master.
A
X
Did I spend an hour watching this? Yes. Did I enjoy it? Absolutely.
*A true horror story.*
32:00
Nice Skullgirls OST use.
Thank You.
Why jotaro crash the 🚢
I love you
Come on man, where the hell is the stock market video
Pour one out for Russel Rebello.
*"I took the crush with my psychological brain and, uh problems"* did anyone else immediately think of Chris Chan?
He's captain of the ship?                  *SINK IT*
Omg the memes and jokes are fucking golden. Great video format. And super well researched topic.  If i wasn't learning facts in the video i was lol at it. Keep em coming like this
Schettino looks like the Jersey Shores version of Gru
what are the hidden channels aboot? at least i can start looking?
Rusli Bin is a peculiar name for me because in Icelandic, Rusl = garbage. So in Iceland, if he lived here, he would be called a garbage bin behind his back.
Had to like when I heard the Hollow Knight music
I love all your videos, you have an amazing way to tell stories and share nothing but the facts and only only facts using accurate depictions of what happens. Keep up the great work!
Swear to god every time this man posts he makes YouTube history
I'm never going to hire an Indonesian ever again
Incredible.
LINUS SHIP TIPS
You got most of the Italian names in the beginning wrong but Giglio mostly right, wtf
Using the "Tanker Incident" soundtrack from MGS was utterly inspired.
45 min, 15 minute, same difference! Just do what's good! Also, you're legitimately the best historian, Long live IH!
Your videos are the best. Wish you were my history professor
That LTT edit was masterful and... out of nowhere
Mr. History man  Nice vid 👍
I usually watch every video at 2 or 3 times speed but an Internet Historian video is a godsend, with such high production values This is so well made
James Cameron watch out, the Historian of the Internet is coming for your next millennium best picture.
The real tragedy is all those delicious bowls of pasta that fell off the tables.
It’s been so long since I’ve tasted your sweet sweet content. Thank you.
Love the use of Halo and Hollow Knight music!
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you🧡 Never give up on your life!
Waiting for Varus episode 3 the Artic Vortex!  ^_^  Plus  How does Asmongold keep making cameos!!! 35:19
This is a masterpiece.  I'm talking about the Nord ad, obviously.
Every single video impresses me, the quality is just insane
Your videos are well done. Do you do this all by yourself or do you have help with an editor?
Didn’t think Hornet’s theme would be so fitting for a tragedy. Good choice of music.
The halo and dead island music 👌👌
*This guy is weird*
Bravo to you IH, you have completely outdone yourself. This is a mother fucking master piece.
This felt like the Chernobyl miniseries all over again.
The Return of the King
Wait until Netflix see this
The edits are SO funny! 28:49 and 27:54 - 27:59 😂😂😂
I can already tell a mald man is gona react to this. His hairline probably got worse after that texas weather
This is one of those clever stories where you have to figure out for yourself who the real 'bad guy' was, excellent job
Plot twist,the cruise ship actually headed to great exuma after passing giglio.
Yeah, #5 on trending babyyyyyyy !!!!  Like if you agree !
loved it but where tf is the gamestop video
The boat is flying 😂
its not their fault they crashed that ship its the people that hired them thats at fault LIKE WHAT THE FUCK they were not experienced for that at all
IT WAS AN EXPENSIVE MISTAKE
I see the animation has upgraded. Now featuring mouths.
While I'm sad about no more 45 minute videos, I hope that the shorter videos means either more frequent uploads or episodic videos. Great stuff!
The fact it cost more to recover than build it... That's impressive.
Man really ruined a pot of spaghetti for a gag
Wait... so you took the bell
Oh shit. He returns and it's not a Window of Life video.  Still waiting for it.  Years later.  Plz
I love this video Visit my channel
I love this video Visit my channel
I love how this is just another payday
Love the halo music
Thanks for ruining the magic trick. 🙄
30:43 You know how the saying goes: "Died me once, shame on you. Died me twice, you can't ... uh, you can't be died again."
this video is 10x funnier when you’re literally a cadet at a maritime academy watching this in your bunk
dump eet
Decades later, there will be a kid's movie called "The Legend of Concordia" featuring a beatboxing cat.
... --- ...
This was amazing! In Italian: Bravo!
Was just vibing till I heard that payday 2 vibe
its really a shame you're saying you wont do long videos anymore because this is the greatest Youtube video ever made.
I personally really enjoy these long videos they are super entertaining
Simply the best YT channel. I never would have know about this otherwise. Internet Historian is amazing.   Oh, and terrific music choice, especially with Under Cover of Night. Also, no more 45+ minute videos? Shame.
Fucking amazing! some actual good content!
Linus Shiptips
Wow I was just binging ur vids good timing 😩
excellent content as always. only wish there was more, quality > quantity I suppose.
movie
Cyberpunk video any time soon?
If there is something i learn from this is that we can always "lmao xd" our way out problems.
I was prepared for a whole story arc based on the magician box girl and it never came
YOO WHAT CONCORDIA WAS THE NAME OF MY SCHOOL’S UTOPIA PROJECT LOL
"your not allow to make film movie" me: "oh Im not allowed to record my own death?, whats the copyright law for that?".
The halo music was a great touch
S A L G A A B O R D O , C A Z Z O
oh god  I clicked so hard when Internet Historian posted new video
He found the password guys Were back in business
The costa company played itself, by hiring this guy without much experience
The uncredited song that plays at 24:10 is Luck - Halo 3 OST
Internet Historian is probably the only Youtuber who makes ad sponsors so entertaining to watch
Peak Internet historian right here.
the captain is like an italian michael scott lmao "i fell into the lifeboat" GET THE FUCK ON THE SHIP "aw jeez ccchhhchchckhzkhchthth youre breaking up i cant hear you" *click*
Never would've guessed that YOU were on that ship
Finally! Some good italian representation!
Pilon the Chief Engineer was a damn hero
*gets this reccommended* Me, an Italian: *laughs in 2570 bil debt* By the way, Captain De Falco didn't actually make a pun in italian, the literal translation would be "I'm going to get you into a 'soul' of troubles" which is just a generic expression to say he's fucked lol.
Best ad in a minute
"Camo Skin" HAHAHAHAH XDDDDDDDDDDDD
Yes
Ok the bell thing is weird but honestly not the first time I've heard of a gain ass bell being stolen. In 2005 there was a 3,000 pound copper bell was stolen from a Buddhist monastery. Apparently someone loves stealing them
46:00 he actually included the sound old rose made when dropping the diamond. I’m dead!!
No more 45 minute videos after this? D: I love watching and rewatching your long form videos while I'm doing dinner prep ;-;
Secret channels? You’re such a tease! ;)
Moistwetness is the only way to describe this video. Thoroughly enjoyed!
I love it when people think they have a situation under control untill they realize it's far from under control.
The  fixed tanker evocatively suffer because tendency antenatally annoy failing a hot huge entrance. vivacious, befitting birth
The halo music made this amazing
What about the Mayor of Giglio??  Another hero?
good job on getting fifth in trending
Brilliant work!
I expect copycat shows on netflix soon™
The Return of the King
This incident wasn’t the only tragic thing I witnessed. How much water do you use when you make spaghetti my guy, shits drowning 💀
8:35 holy moly, that montage was beautiful. I can picture everything happening at that moment in my head, so clearly. Thanks, IH.
is noone gonna mention that idonesian dude that just fked of twice? being the actual hands that steered the ship and all that and scott free? little bit pissed about it but lowkey kinda impressed as well
that boats old
I'm just bopping to the hollowknight music as all this goes down
Wow, this was incredibly entertaining.
Dude’s shenanigans on a boat that kills 32, injured many more and costs well into the billions only gets 16 years.  Meanwhile in the US, rando kills someONE while drunk driving gets potentially 30 years and som other rando who gets caught dealing weed 3 times and gets life.
dank
Good
"He just fled the country!"  Incredibly based
Note to self: Don't take any voyages to Mars in the year 2112.
What a fucking disaster... but, I bet that lady was giving head on the deck.. She'd do anything for that spot. His mind was literally blown when that shit started.
That Linus intro fucking sent me
wow..... the wait was worth it.... this was amazing.... one of my favorite videos by him easily....
The ads get better and better.
I really like your videos
the hollow knight music is on point btw.
This should qualify for an Oscar for Best Documentary Feature.
everyone boss till i swim to shore with the survivors holding a stack of 1800's paintings clamped between my buttcheeks and a bag of wet wallets
Awesome but.. what does it have to do with the internet? : 3
Your editor is a mad scientist artist wizard.
"Gonna hoist the sails?" I fucking died laughing.
Who do you think Internet Historian mains in Skullgirls?
Love the vid but it became god level with the judge rinder at 34:00 amazing
that linus joke got me hard
Trending
Very good video I will now subscribe to NorvDPN thank you web man
NOOO, i dont wanna wait again nooooo. make this video keep going. :( miss u Internet Historian
The Halo soundtrack really makes this hit different.
What are these animated faces from?
the return of the king
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo. Critics say it’s a cheap remake and “in poor taste”.
Congrats on getting on the trending page!
Back to 15 minute vids? Unsub!
Last time I was this early the titanic was still afloat
this video boils my blood AND makes me want to sob.
I never heard about this at all. That's why I like your channel dude ^^
You had me at the Halo music
halo music eh?
brilliant
love ur vids
LMAOXD  -Jacob Rusli Bin
A glorious video good sir ^^
Martin did his disappearing act.
Internet Historian is like an uncle who doesn't molest you:  Greatly missed when he's gone, but on the few times he does return, he's well loved.  Thank you sir.
Asmongold please come back. 😔
I remember the news breaking of this crash years ago but never actually heard the story of what went down, it's much more absurd than I expected. And I couldn't ask for a better person to recant it to me than this man. Dynamite ad in the video as always too
LMAOXD
this is kind of a masterpiece
God this was stressful to watch D:
I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. Amazing stuff!
You should tell the story about cruise ship with the backed up toilets..  I guess it turned into a real shit show.
How in the hell were they allowed to have a helmsman who could not speak Italian or English?
Omg I'm so hype for a new upload.
Internet Historian is one of the few channels who can make a 5 month upload gap actually be worth it.
22:00
I was expecting an Uncharted 3 reference and I wasn't disappointed. Good job man!
How about those 32 people who lost their life? Are they trapped in their cabin or something?
What is the title of the gt6 song ?
you kind sir, are a genius !
Hollow knight music!!!
Fucking twomad dude 😂😂
fuck man this video is a masterclass of editing and absolute comedy gold holy shit no wonder it took so long to make
Waiting for the bald man to watch this masterpiece
welcome back
After watching so many ships smash into islands in Sea of Thieves I'm not surprised that a former head of security did the same in real life.
Song at 40:27
Very cursed story.
This channel is genuinely and by far my favorite on the whole fucking YouTube.
you're telling me he went through an entire pot of spaghetti for an analogy?  you have truly earned my highest respect.
*sPaiCii*
Who amongst the IH team is a fan of classical music? I hear a bunch of great Mozart being used in this video.
Thank you, our glorious leader, for gracing us with more content.
Well, there's your problem.
This video is just perfection. In every single detail. The research, the edit, THE. MUSIC. both intro and outro.  Oustanding. That's it. Thank you for it
the funniest part for me was homer disappearing into spaghetti
some say martins greatest magic trick was disappearing the fuck off that boat the second the ship hit the fan
10:18 forsenE
nice footage
Got a good belly laugh out of the google translate gag. Thankyou sir.
Never went from wanting to go on a cruise to being ok with never being on a cruise so fast.
When asked to return to the ship doing the ladder in reverse schettino replied "but It's dark" ...yes
spicy.
God I'm so glad your still around.
I love these videos. So interesting every fucking time.
why was there so much water at the bottom of the spaghetti bowl, shits gonna be soggy
How do you crash a cruise ship twice and still get to keep your job as a captain
I pissed my pants at "gotcha bitch" omfg I love this channel.
Nice LTT reference
Never knew the whole story. Thanks
The only good thing to come out of this whole ordeal is this video!
spicy
Rock beats boat.
Check me out
Dope
There's too many deets in this video for my circbrain.
Zip me the deets
Man, I know they are probably a thousand hours of work, but these long form videos are the best. I hope you still do the occasional one now and then for the worthy stories. Great job!
Cruises are peak Boomerism 🚄🚢⛵🚤🚣⚓
This is art
4 people died trapped inside the ship's elevators. Christ, those poor guys must've had a slow death.
Titanic 2; Electric Boogaloo
This Channel is the most accurate news ive heard ever. it deserves the Pulitzer Prize
Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic? The sinking of MS Estonia caused around 850 casualties in 1994.
WHY DIDN'T THEY SLOW DOWN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What’s the song when he shows the wreckage before and after thing? I know it’s a halo theme but what is it called
When the dumbest person on the ship is the captain.
How the hell did they think this was gonna end !!?
God damn this is trash.
I LMAO'ed at linux ship tips 43:52
This is straight-up a documentary and a very well fucking done one, may I say
The melodic washer behaviorally wipe because pentagon visually test next a talented cloth. round, tricky guilty
Italian here, super happy to see this from you. That disaster is a total shame.
ITS HAPPENING?! EVERYONE FUCKIN CALM DOWN.... its here 🥲
And thus, I'd like to present to you, a new drink I've created in spirit of this video. I call it, The Schettino  (1oz=29.5mL)   In a shaker mix   •ice cubes  •1oz Malibu  •1.5oz salt water  •1oz pineapple liqueur   Shake  Into a martini glass, at one ice cube  Shake drink, double strain, pour over the rocks (harhar) line the rim with cocaine and garnish with the side effects list of Plan B.  Or should I call it the Shittino?
As usual, my favourite youtuber smashes it out the park. Too funny, thanks for the Asmongold easter egg.
The clip at 31:53 what is that from? Thanks
Anyone else have their google assistant play sherk for them?
This video is a work of art.
This is the quality content that youtube needs.  Nice.
The whole thing is very Italian. Sorry if you're Italian but it's true
This bitch drifted a cruise ship what a legend
Damn I'm so broke I never even heard of this ship☠️  Edit: holy shit just reached the middle of the vid, the fuckin ship is still there☠️
I’m just more shocked about how the internet historian broke the magicians code of revealing how the lady in the box works
Ah, yet another win for globalism.
Where are secret channels????
This was spectacular. Youre great
LMAO xD
Mr internet, I know you said back to shorter videos but this long form format absolutely elevated this video to godlike status. Please consider doing more of them, it's okay if they're not released in quick succession!!!!
I quite liked the 45 min videos.
That was better than  90% of the movies I've seen this year.
he remembered his password guys
Ahh yes the captain coward story, one of my favorites!
Why in the hell would you hire a helmsman who doesn't speak the same language as the captain and crew? Not to mention he's not a trained sailor. Paying someone who speaks English and can drive the damn ship has to be less expensive.
I don't even know what this video is about but I'm staying for the voice lol
The boat crash memes are sinking me...
You have other channels? How didn't you told us that.
Amazing video as always
I did not expect hollow Knight music
Probably one of internet historians best  videos yet
After watching the whole story, I say it was still worth it to get a sick ride by near the shore.
... Just...
I was actually on the costa concordia the year before it sank. Very cool 😎👍
35:19  tl;dr Baldy  Also I bet the bow doesn't drop
ad skip at 10:47 You're welcome.
I demand blood as compensation for the poor souls lost!
The message I got from this video is that Italians just shouldn’t sail.
*a new Internet Historian video comes out*   A blessing from the Lord!
We need more videos like this. This video was long, but god damn it was so good and entertaining. Good job bro
my first grade teacher was on this ship
Bevy of hidden channels?
Hornet's theme adds so much tension to an already tense story, I love it
Do you know Ssethtzeentach?
Wait did the girl in the box die????
I'm not gonna lie, I want big bell.
26 years doesn't seem nearly enough for causing 32 deaths
He's back
This channel is GOLD
Damn it's been a minute
It's a bit painful how many details you have that weren't in US news coverage I saw.
happy to see a new internet historian vid (you should make one on the reddit stock market stuff)
Köszönjük Világháló Törtènèsz! Nagyon hűvös.
24:44 these comparison shots remind me of this strange old horror film where a group of mercenaries goes on a ghost cruise ship which was attacked in the past and all passengers were murdered by running a steel wire through the crowd, cutting people in half.
I will subscribe to Nord VPN to support Internet Historian.  So deep is my loyalty.
God, do I love your shit
THIS WAS FUNNY AS FUCK! I LOVED the way it was presented, I didn't get that information unlike the second and third that I actually saw for the first time.  Whooo! That was intense. Awesome job.
Fantastic.
What about the lady in the magic box?
Hollow Knight ost huh
Internet Historian is just always pumping out amazing content
What an incredible disaster.
45 minutes of epicness! See you in 6 months! I laughed my ass off from start to finish
Loved the halo ost
What about the lady in the magic box?!
When the Ad vid is more creative than most of youtube
At least I've never fucked up anything this bad before.
Not the fucking MISTRESS of all people saying "you can't record"
This level of shitposting is just incredible, this deserves an Oscar for best documentary
He doesnt always post videos but when he does they get 1.5 million views in under a day.
Nobody: Dominica: *SPIcY*
Are captains of ships required to drown if the ship capsizes?
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈
Your videos are fantastic, and i love the 45 min long tales like the no man's sky video but i also wanna see you more often. The longer videos i think have really good pacing and coverage on some of the more juicy topics and id hate to see these mini documentary's go away completely. All your stuff is great though, keep up the good work and thanks!
I was royally disappointed at 43:50. I was 100% expecting a Linus cameo to make a cool tech spiel on shipwreck recovery. You could have at least tried to impersonate his alto voice. Great video though. Please give us moar
So this is what would have happened if Trump became a boat captain and not a slumlord.
i would have never predicted that this would be what you'd cover but i'm here for it
40:16 Tony Soprano and Paulie Walnuts VA FANGOOL
there were soooo many opportunities to own up and possibly save more people how at the expense of so many people do you still turn to self preservation wow get back on fkn board n stay there
I love you.
Zip me those deets...
Yoooo #6 on trending, YES DUDE!
Cant wait till he covers the gamestop thing.. i bet he does
the like to view ratio speak for itself. better than a Gus Johnson video
Moral of the story: People are EXTREMELY stupid.
So what about that magician's assistant that was locked in that box? Nobody helped her out and she died?
Linus Shiptips got me
It's always nice to see not italian people get surprised at how wonky we can get things.
Mr. Roni with that Splinter Cell Chaos Theory music
omg its just 1:30 and I'm crying  thx you
If anyone is wondering the title of the book can be roughly be translated to "the submerged truths"
Wtf this is so good! EVEN THE SPONSOR SEGMENT IS GOOD
It's only been 22 hours and this video is near-viral what the actual hell?
Internet Historian is my favourite Youtuber. Ever. Period.
I like how the production went up, but the spirit remains the same
But what ever happened to Mike the Magician?
*S P I C Y*
A clusterfuck of truly... *googles list of maritime disasters*... Noronic proportions clearly demonstrating the importance of a chain of command which isn't corrupt all the way up.
I see what you did with the title there. Well played Sir...well played
Soo thats wtf xQc was watching
lemme get my popcorn before I watch this masterpiece
I'm sorry, but this is the funniest story by FAR. You sir have mastered the art of ironically shitty animation and coupled it with griping story telling. BROVO!
@38:29  Anyone knows the name of that song?
The magician knew what was up
nice
Wait no PLEASE MORE 45 min videos! It's not just fun to watch, it's nice to get all that extra info in!
I don't think you should stop making long videos like this on the main channel, they are actually increddibly enjoyable and re-watchable. I mean, this is the 2nd day your video has been up and it has one and a half million views.
So 6 month jail for kill, now i know where we argentinians learnt to give sentences.
I can't believe this is something that actually happened in real life and I never heard about it wtf
Perfect thing for a Texan like me to watch while I  pass the time huddled up in blankets. Maybe in five years internet historian can do a video on how an entire state larger than some countries lost power.
a 40+ minute internet historian video? holy shit mum get the camera
no idea how you dont have 100m subs
Imagine letting 570 million dollars turn to scrap metal because of incompetence. Like how do the fuck do you have a helmsman who can't speak the local language and isn't experienced?
Internet Historian taught me more about nautical navigation than any naval documentary ever
Thank you god for giving me the internet historian
This to me sounds like the Indonesian took the fall for the accident and was probably paid handsomely to accept responsibility
#5 on Trending?  Congratulations IH. I’ve been a sub since the Fyre Festival video and always enjoyed all your content on the main channel and Incognito. You sir, along with your uploads, are top quality.
the death of raID SHADOW MAN caps
I swear his animation has evolved
I know he said no more longer videos but i hope theres one cyberpunk
that nord vpn is top keks
14:07 cruise ship: fragile swimming overpacked hotel  ocean liner: made to cross the pacific. sturdier, looks more like a boat than a block when entirely out of water, deeper keel, lower center of gravity, faster, safer. got replaced by airplanes tho.   costa concordia is a cruiser, titanic wasnt. compare the pictures of ocean liners and cruise ships in dry docks and you will see why its not compareable.
PLEASE MY MAN, CONTINUE THIS GREAT CONTENT! Also start a patreon, cause yur fucking awesome
what could possibly go wrong
The Script A Mafia Story! Read the movie for your mind
That "Ah!" noise at the end when he drops the bell into the sea made me lose it. So funny.
Brill
The Payday 2 music was unexpected, but welcome.
Congratulations on getting on the trending list!
You butcher Hungarian names very well
I saw the ship from the sky on a flight to rome a week after the ship capsized, you could see it completely submerged. Ironically, we were going to rome to go on a cruise, it was a bad omen to be sure.
Mmmmmm
as soon as the metal gear solid music came on i felt compelled to give this video a like
Gonna wait for that Juicy Gamestop vid everyone's expecting you to do  *Also I learned something after watching this vid impossible*
There is no better video, and audio editing on the internet. This channel is master class.
The production quality of these videos is actually getting out of hand
Wait, Internet Historian isn’t black? What the fuck
The Captain sold his soul to the 😈 to become Captain and this is what happened. What a twist!
Keemstar will claim the video.
As an Italian, i remember this story like it was yesterday. It was a fucking nightmare for the whole country and I wanna thank you for this video, cause nobody should forget what happened and the lives that were lost.  Fuck you Schettino and always Vada a bordo, cazzo. P.S. Schettino's book title was basically "The submerged truths". Yeah.
he came back from the dead for like..... 4th time ?? i think
I saw what you did there, 8:20 "*ashore* hit"
If my school teachers taught like this, I'd be five geniuses.
Anyone else notice the halo music at 23:00
Alright. I now want everyone to post videos of Jesse Pinkman driving/riding around on various things, telling people to take the money.
Love it
Babe wake up, Internet Historian made a new video
Don’t stop doing 45 minute videos. They’re always the best!
10/10 video. fucking legendary.
anyone know where his secret channels are?
Impossible levels of narcissism.
This is hands down one of the best YT channels to date.
Love the Hornet theme playing while they are evacuating
Its a good thing that woman called her daughter, cos sure as hell Schettino and the gang wasn't going to call the harbour master. Who knows how long rescue could have been delayed then
*When you're italian and know everything that happened quite well but still want to be entertained by IH's recounting of the events.* The pronunciation alone is greatly amusing, but it's the MGS2 Tanker music that really seals the deal.
Thanks for spoiling the magic trick.
Fricking halo music in the backround
I love the long videos, pls keep
How cool would it be to have that bell though?
Which final fantasy is that win music from ~ @1:55 ?
I had a dream you were my biology teacher
The Linus Intro killed me lmao
this is by far the best YouTube channel
Internet Historian's adverts are so entertaining it makes me want to buy a subscription holy shit
That wasn’t a hand reveal. His voice was off to the right. The hands were the of the laughing man.
I just realized internet historian video about game stop stocks is gonna be gold
27:00 Aussies truly are the masters of shitposting.
How have I never heard of this WTF?
Honestly the memes in this are pure gold
My man actually used a fall of envy song with the "white flag"
3/10 didn't mention anything about the Mirelurk problem during salvaging
Video on Putins palace?
3 on Trending! You go girl!
man I hope nobody gets hurt
Lost it at collision napoli time Hahahaha
I can't bring myself to skip your Nord ad.
What happened to the woman in the magic trick?
the king has returned
Best ad commercial  "shut the f up"
I would've been scared if I was the captain, just like him, except I'm not trained to deal with this... With proper training, the captain wouldn't even have to think, it would be second nature.
Why does twomad always somehow manage to make a sneak cameo in every video
Honestly if you were my teacher in college or highschool I'd ace your classes because of how you present topics. It's so entertaining and hard to forget. I can still remember several lines from your narration of the My Immortal series to this day.
I love how there's an ad after the"Scams" title card
🛳
This is a masterpiece, your team seriously is good at this
I love the use of hornets battle theme at 19:08 and 21:20
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen.
Amazing effort, thanks for this ultimate tier content
Coming out never: Cyberpunk 2077 and Wallstreetbets
“I’ve got a good feeling about this.” -Internet Historian
I remember watching this on tv
They spent all that money on the fucking ship, but then hired a guy who crashed two ships already to captain it? How can anyone be that incompetent?!
Hollow knight music :D
The Halo music is on point
This video was one of the most entertaining I've seen in a long while
Damn can’t wait for XQc to react to this one
That's criminal what they did to Falco. No wonder the Italian government has less trust than most countries
That's a spicy meatball of a story
Guaranteed dude became captain because as head of security he carried out dirty work for the company and was a "company man" or "yes man".  Not because he was a good sailor.
At least they saved some money on the Helmsman. Spare every expense, as they say.
I did not know that Avenue 5 is based on a true story
6:22 That does it I'm dead😂😂😂
Pog
Chesse sandwiches
Yeah, more but shorter videos are good, this this is a magnum opus about the most scandalous nautical fuck-up in decades, if not since 1915.
my only claim to fame is that i have the top titanic comment on some random costa concordia video
Scudetto be wilding
Someone somewhere actually believes the secret gf is at fault for the crash.
18:00
14:36
Begin the 6 month countdown for "the fall of 77"
I want 5 mins alone with that pos helmsman, yeah yeah yeah, we all know that the captain was the worst captain to ever captain a ship, but after the captain, the helmsman holds more responsibility than anyone ells on the bridge for what happened, and he fled the county, and is now living his life free of all consequences of his poor ship handling, what a terrible human being
"How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship? How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship?"
All those episodes of cruise ship murders finally prepared me for something.
Cruise ship companies have been some of the most unregulated, unaccountable and downright scummy entities in existence for a long time now and its not gonna change anytime soon.
The legend himself is back
HE DIDNT SPEAK ENGLISH OR ITALIAN THIS PISSES ME OFF SO MUCH!!!
In the end, this was caused because they didn't know how to drive a fucking cruise, and couldn't be arsed to communicate properly.  It's mental.
The spaghetti joke 👌🏻
Great vid
The first half of this is like an action movie through the perspective of a documentary
That Capitan was a Twat
No more 45 minute videos on the main channel?! But that's the *good stuff*
Sad to see the long videos go
nooo the 45 minute videos are amazing keep them if you can
When the LTT music started playing I thought I was having a stroke
This was generally stressful to hear you tell the story
43:51 yo that went hard was that custom or can I find that, what's the name of the song
Watching this a second time really replaces laughter with dread as I can't stop thinking about the 33 lives that were lost...
What's the name of song that plays at 39:05?
alright internet historian, im picking up on the hollow knight music
anyone know of the other hidden channels???
10:14 that got the biggest laugh out of me!
the man, the legend
Its sad how those ships get scrapped after a few years anyway
you cured my insomnia
this is illegal internet historian never uploads on his main channel
Does this mean that as a low key Trump endorser you now understand how the rest of us feel about leadership etc?
xqcL
You’ve outdone yourself
26:14 ahh yes
please never stop making videos for for the rest of the entire time ever pls and ty
I’m guessing the Malaysian Airlines lost plane should be arriving in like 3 years ?
xqc stream is down sadge
I want to know where that bell is and how someone just ran off with it
From one who lives in Sardinia (so still part of Italy) I have only one thing to say: VADA A BORDO, CAZZO!
Internet Historian ads are like super bowl ads... they're part of the show! some say the best part
The way you pronounced the names is a disaster second only to Costa Concordia
xqcL
You are 11th in trending even in Austria. Deserved.
How long until Netflix makes their crappy version of this masterpiece?
Very unrelated but I clicked because Leonardo Dicaprio
How is Schettino a real person? It’s almost as if he was a written character from a movie or show
Hand reveal
Now imagine for one second if a women crashed the ship how people would have reacted. I’m mean we just pressed and humiliated the girl just to see if she had a love affair with this dumbass. Don’t get me wrong they’re both idiots but I feel the girl caught too much shit, like getting blamed for the dickhead crashing the whole ship😂.
Love the payday 2 build up music. I feel the tension of a police raid.
God this was so good I hate that it's over and I gotta wait for more
Thank you blessed history dad
I love that this dude added in the Halo 3 soundtrack at 24:30
I didn't even know this was a thing until now,
This is the most Italian thing I've ever seen.
There's nothing quite like staffing a 500 million dollar ship with the cheapest, least experienced, and/or most incompetent people they could find.
Wait, is that actually what Silvia Cornica looks like or is that a joke picture of Pyrocynical?
Ay skullgirls music
After seeing the Fyre Festival, I didn't think the Internet Historian could recite a more jaw-droppingly disastrous event than that... boy was I wrong.
43:51 best part
I love the fact that he used silksong music for this. it just fits so well! your videos never disappoint Dude!
The incompetence and cowardice by key staff and the captain is just sickening.
Suggestion for future video  Shipwreck part 2, Sewol Boogaloo
Literally the only ads I will watch on the internet. Hilarious.
How do we nominate the ad for an award?
Why would you ever go on a cruise?
1625836
We're trending boys
It was an expensive mistake.
Sad to hear that the odyssey esque, 45 minute long videos aren’t coming out anymore. I liked the long form storytelling
6 ON TRENDING!
Oooohh trending
I forgot how beautiful and haunting that Halo 3 music is.
44:00 I’m so glad you put in some Uncharted 3 footage hahaha
This is a cinematic masterpiece
This is like Tiger King quality. It could be a Netflix special.
The spaget bit was really good an absolute 10/10
This editing is the best😁
Absolutely beautiful as always
why was there spaghetti flying
I've got a good feeling about this. Gave me bad feelings.
LinusShipTips - LOL
Lemmino but more memes.  I can dig it.
James Cameron needs to finish up those Avatar sequels and get started on this movie asap.
Its not often he updates. But when he does, by golly. We know it's gonna be good.
I enjoy this mans editing so much I don’t skip the ads
"If that ship be sunk properly, then its Captain should be sunk with it!" ~jacksparrow
ITS ALIVE
Plz Subscribe
Quit using that halo 3 music or im going to play every halo campaign in order
Why wasn't there a giant black cat on the ladder?
still not good for a 5 months wait
The amount of effort that was put into this, from the spaghetti to the Linus Shiptips logo, just... _titanic._
Great video, here for the algorithm
from xQc
"Who steals a huge big off bell?"
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
So well done.
The Sponsorships alone are better than most YouTube content
Haven’t seen a captain this unqualified since the Franklin Expedition
Can't find the nostalgia-indusing superhero music from 24:10, someone please help
problems all up in my psychological brain
Sauce for the “secret” channels?
I am so flabbergasted..........that you wasted so much delicious spaghetti for that one deets gag!!!!!!
This was a shit show.
When you turn off ad-blocker before klicking on a Internet Historian Video
He looks like michael scott from italy
🍝  👐
Interesting. Just make sure you LETEMKNOW
Finally
xqcL
I'm gonna miss these free movies you make for us man. As always, another perfect video!
WAP= wireless application protocol
As an Italian, I loved this video!
16 years isn't enough
xqc
xqcL
How much Seconds from disaster did you watch to prepare for this.
xqcL
We have to guive some merit to te rescue team to be able to peform the rescue in these conditions
How on earth did I forget this shitshow happened?
I have to say the add in there was the first I have willingly watched
The after images of the shipwreck look like a dope post apocalyptic world
Not only do you have the best ads in the internet, but your videos are always a joy to watch.
im not gona lie i liked the use of halo music in this
FUCKING LUCK FROM HALO dude that's badass
thanks for reminding me why i dont like boats :(
Sweating i was expecting the war for GME but I like this alot.
I'm 12 minutes in and everything that could go wrong has gone wrong. Wtf is left?
The legend is back
Hey Xqc
The audio of the captain trying to explain he left the boat is beautiful. The Italian somehow just makes it more funny.
I remember hearing about this when I was a teenager. Even then I thought “that guy is a god damned coward”
*SCP-173* is in the bell at the end of the video
Level  1 cleaner  transform into level 100 cruiser captain...
another masterpiece!
I had to rewind and look, they waited FIFTY EIGHT FUCKING MINUTES after the collision to order evacuation?! That's an emergency situation eternity.  I'm not a sea captain, and I've only ever been on one cruise ship, but it seems to me the safest, least negligent course of action would be to order everyone off and to safety/rescue IMMEDIATELY upon running aground like that. At that point you're already fucked, don't let major accident turn into a catastrophe.  There really is no such thing as getting to safety TOO early.
Very nice video, makes me want to put a large ship into a bunch of rocks
Costa Concordia be very very sus
How badass would that man have been to have realized how badly he screwed up and actually just gone down with the vessel saving passengers?
Is it just me or does that captain look like Hermann Göring?
Wake up babe, new Internet Historian video.
Is it bad that I was most excited for the ad 😅
I actually like the 40plus minute videos.i watched your No Mans Sky video twice. Once before I played the game. Another after I had sunk 100 hours into it
Man I didn't know Keanu Reeves was a lead engineer
good that spaghettis looks good...you fucking monster
44 seconds in and we already have the answer to the title
Domnica: "Today I died a second time" People who actually died a first time:
Actually the rock is underwater..
That is legitimately, the most random thumbnail I’ve ever seen on the Internet as of my whole life of living.
for some reason i felt very anxious during that story about collision. Almost like i was expecting reactor core to explode at any moment.
"You wouldn't cheaty old petey would you?"
I had to turn this off and find another video. The storytelling is great but there's way too many unrelated cutaways, it started getting really annoying. Just get on with it! It's a 46 min video but a good chunk of that is just cutaways that have nothing to do with the story 🙄 I had enough when that twat keemstar popped up on screen. I'm here to learn, not lose braincells.
It looks like the Concordia is in for a Ronhordia
Wait but I like the long videos... They go into so much depth that a 15-minute video couldn't.
YOOOO INTERNET HISTORIAN IS ON YOUTUBE TREADING ACTUALLY GOOD AND SOULFULL CONTENT AND 2016 ERA YT REPRESENT!!
I'll never understand why it takes criminals several YEARS after they've committed a crime to go to jail, nor why they always end up facing a mere fraction of the punishment they were supposed to
Moral of the story: trying to tail whip a 110,000 ton cruise ship, is a bad idea.
Bojler
What’s the song at 35:00 called? Where do I remember it from?
xqcL
Schools should just hire you to make videos on whatever topic they need to present to their class. My god you know how to keep someone's attention the entire way through.
This just makes me realize. Being on a sinking ship and having to swim away would be the WORSE. I cant even imagine knowing there's a sunken ship under me with out chills!
After seeing that trust in government graph, being brazillian, I now feel a strong sense of brotherhood with italians and greeks.
That Hornet soundtrack made my day :D
the hollow knight music really adds to the experience I’m getting anxiety just listening
Not gonna lie, I thought this was gonna be about the Poop Cruise of 2013.
ahhh yes... one of the most famous italian memes ever memed, truly the relic of a different time
Oh, Officer Sins. Glad you’re here to help.
when the captain is sus 😳😳😳
This looks just like chernobyl
My day is made because you uploaded
Me and the bois jumping off to raid the cruise ship. Me: Where we swimming bois?
Would be asking too much to make a video about operation carwash in Brazil?
the editing is beutiful
Was not expecting the hear the Hornet song on Internet Historian. A man of fine tastes.
I’m reminded of the sewol
Linusshiptips 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yaaaas love it cuzzy wuzzy
Man it must be nice killing 32 people and only getting 16 years and not being held accountable at all
Kid you not I think I saw her sister ship when I was on holiday and it was straight up called the COSTA FORTUNA.
Bro just wanna say as an Italian, first why the fuck did you do this topic now but still you have an amazing content
"5:26" Yea i've been getting paid with 𝗣𝗣𝗢𝗡𝗟𝗖𝗔𝗦𝗛.𝗖 𝗢 𝗠 i'm making over $2223 a week with them!   ਹਰ ਜੰਤਰ ਤੇ ਉਪਲਬਧ ਹੈ
Dude the music choice was phenomenal for this video
oh wow! this story was incredible! i was on the edge of my seat the whole time!!!!
Sir, your storytelling is truly impeccable. I've never come across such incredible narration on a Youtube channel and your silly but creative visuals are wildly entertaining. This is truly a tragic story and the sheer incompetence and negligence on the captain and  Costa Crociere's part is unfathomable. They could've easily gotten everyone on board killed.
"My Heart will go on." Is the one song you don't want to play on a ship.
the costa concordia wreckage photos give me sierra madre vibes. so spooky and cool
Internet Historian is the best documentary filmmaker of our time
Needs more explosions.
Halo music with sinking cruise ship...
Moldova is HERE! In my hart!
Why all the sims lmao
Internet historian is becoming an actual historian.
your editing is the best.
lol the spaghetti bits are too much
Hahaha yes! This video made the "explore/trending" tab on YouTube! Finally, something there worth watching. Well done!
NOT SIMS 4 CHARACTERS
who else thought this was a second channel video?
the drama alert cut had me SCREAMING
you’re videos are amazing
why was this so interesting to watch.
That had to be pretty terrifying, seeing the physics of what was happening, that no matter what the collision WAS happening, and at that point all you can do is helplessly watch it happen.
Cruise ships are fucking wild. Most employees make about $2/hr, they exploit international waters laws to cover up crimes including murder
It's wild that YOU had the bell the whole time. Really crazy twist. Never would've guessed that YOU were on that ship. So Kooky xP
Talking with an Italian colleague, he'd inform me that work in Italy is more favoured to those you know rather than better qualified.
Absolutely wonderful. I like the idea of shorter videos but more of them, can't wait to see more.  Spicy.
For those wondering how on Earth the Korean couple slept through it all; When I was younger I was travelling a lot with my mother as she worked abroad. We were in the Sheraton Paris (hotel) when the fire alarm went off, apparently an American couple we met at breakfast slept through that because they had taken sleeping pills. I would not be all that surprised that Korean couple slept through it. Especially considering the alarms probably failed quite fast due to power outages.
Now imagine if a women crashed ship and how people would blame it on her gender.
I leave this running in the background while I watch xQc react.
Linus Ship Tips XD
Right here, great material for a great court drama movie!
man I forgot how cursed the context of Concordia's maiden voyage was
Oh God...The little "ah" after he returns the bell to the sea really got me.
6:22 OHH SHIT
how are your videos always such high quality. You truly are one of the best youtubers, wow
Ayyy there's a CSH song about this
1.5 million views in less than 20 hours!
I've only rewatched this like 8 times already, Nothing to see here
19:12 that’s hollow knight music lol. Hornet
27:53 got me good
I tried to check Wikipedia for an article about "Domnica Cemortan" and it just redirects to the "Costa Concordia disaster", someone should go and make a proper article about her, make it happen internet...
What about the woman trapped in the magician’s box?? Did she make it out?
You really love that Halo music eh?
@3:45 the real tragedy here is that looked like a fine plate of spaghetti and meatballs. Why do horrible things have to happen to fine cuisine?
Anyone know about the secret channels though? Asking for a friend
I’m not sure if anyone did it, but if I was on board id be really tempted to wait onboard till everyone almost gone and stuffed a bag with loads of cash and then got onboard a life boat. But at least people were smart enough to dive and get some.
Finaly!! Thank you!
best content on yt
That Payday 2 OST Soundtrack was just perfect
As an American it is crazy seeing how short the jail sentances are in other countries lmao.   Just today I heard a story about someone who got sent to jail for longer than the captain here, for having sex without disclosing his HIV+ status (he didnt actually give anyone HIV, he used protection and was on treatment that made transmission impossible). Not to mention nonviolent drug offenders etc.
I alredy Know this Costa Conocordia  Im a ship Lover i Know White and Blue star Line  and i remebered The Ship Hits The Rock so Thats how it Sank
incredible.
The captain looks like he's easily confused all the time 😂
19:08 Hornet? Is that you?
I don’t know if I should respect or be disgusted by the dedication  to clearing out an entire bowl of Spaghetti for one joke.
You have the best fucking ads in the world, man. I literally watch your monsters video over and over just for the intro and the Nord VPN ad.
Idk why but the plate sliding across the floor had me dying.
There's a reason that people in the 17th and 18th century didn't trust females onboard of their ships. They were a sign of doom and a bad omen for the crew.
Halo music during the aftermath scenes was Perfect
Need.....more.......content......please
Looking forward to captial riots and gme video
So I knew the story but I had no idea that captain was *This* incompetent
"I've got a good feeling about this" I'm dead
Damn you brought back memories I forgot I had
24:00 omg I heard about this but I had no idea so many people died! That sunuvabitch captain that ran off and left his crew behind to die... 😡😤
Thanks for Halo 1 music. Stay stongz
you’re on the german trending page :D
This was superb.
How is this trending?
Ah, Lauren Bacall, nice
Thank you.
trump has trade war with china , make china fair for us!  what is your have joe biden?  what is your plan against china huh? maybe i choose the wrong guys be America president!
"My psychological brain"
That goosebumps theme giving me mad flashbacks to that episode where nobody could see or hear the kid. And he was stuck in limbo alone forever.  That shit me up.
omg the linus ship tips
35:00 skullgirls?????? unexpected but appreciated
Honestly thank you even as an Italian I didn't remember the story so clearly and you have a great ability in narrating things lol
I think there should be a "Nordies" award at the end of every month where somebody nominates the funniest NordVPN ad and they run it on their main channel.
Great job man. Every video you do is better than the last.
The sight of the wild Internet Historian is so appreciated and rare that the phenomenon known as 'trending' occurs often.
Pride was the real reason why the Titanic and the Concordia sank
Alexa play coffin dance music.
No more long videos :(, great production work either way and great video as always!
it's actually pretty amazing that so many superstitions happened on that day
This is the most thrilling account of stupidity I’ve ever witnessed
god bless russel rebello, a true hero
That Keemstar edit had me DYING
I've seen mabey 3 video on the Costa Concorda, this probably the best one lol.  Leave it to Internet Historian lol
"oh shit."
Well that was hilarious and informative. Thanks.
How dare you ruin the spaghetti
ahhhh the gym
Time to wait another 5 years for the next video
nice usage of the halo ost.
I love this channel. I was here from the start and its amazing how it has grown
i freaked out when i saw 11:52 it's  a really rare name
To be fair to the guy, being a boat captain seems like a stressful job lol 😕🙂
do one on my parents divorce
I love the Metal Gear Solid suspense background music at 16:45.
Delicious knowledge
Just like every time I play Barotrauma
i literally scroll down to see this thumbnail, im laughing to much
Just let Italians make nice cars, art and yummy food. They are literally clueless in most other things.
No, but seriously, is there more footage from the spaghetti scene? We need it.
Great video. nice of you to tell us at the end that you won't make anymore like it
Engagement
Good Lord. You've out done yourself
👍
Wait what, I dont understand,, what happened to the woman in the box?
As a FOLLOWER I was not expecting this video from IH, but as an ITALIAN OOHHHHHH BOIIIIIII IM SO GLAD HE DID
They should have let competing cruise companies to sponsor the floating of the ship and they can put *insert company name* fixing there problem
Does this channel even make money?
outside of jokes is one of the best videos that this channel has. so far...
Were all the animated characters made in the sims?
I wasn't expecting a 45 minute Internet Historian video, but damn this was a good one! Wondeful production quality.
Sad there won't be anymore hyper long videos made on the main channel, they're some of my favorite to space out to. Will they be banished to incognito, or just completely given up on?
Wow, IH, this is a gutsy move posting this video. You weren't supposed to be allowed to make a film movie.
I hope you included the original audio where the head captain screamed to Schettino "GET ON BOARD NOW FOR FUCK SAKE THIS IS AN ORDER" oh boy that was all over the news for a few months here in Italy lol
Oh captain my captain!
I’m at the 17 minute mark and currently in disbelief at how this situation could get any worse to warrant the remaining 30 minutes of this video
This makes me really sad. In most countries, if you smell lies and BS from authority figures when lives are at stake, you'll take matters into your own hands to save your life and the lives of others. But in the sinking of the Sewol in South Korea, the Confucius mentality of "obey your elders and authority figures at all times" caused the deaths of 304 people (out of 476 total, including crew members), most of which were high schoolers. They were just kids! About 250 teenagers died because they listened to authority figures telling them to sit tight on a SINKING FERRY. They died following orders. Guys, if you think that things are bad and authority figures are telling you sit tight, it's alright to question things. It could very well save your life.
I live in livorno and i swear bein mentioned by internet historian is the most relevant event in the city history in the last 30 years.
good video
For some reason the whole thing strongly reminds me of the Chernobyl disaster
The first thing I thought about was "oh no he's talking about my country"
So much incompetence and corruption. Just incredible..
How sad i liekd the 45 mintue video
That Linus Ship Tips bit was absolutely genius.
38:50 Not actually a pun, De Falco said "Le faccio passare l'anima dei guai", which is a Neapolitan expression meaning "I'll make you go through the troubles' souls". But yeah, "boatload" works too.
There should have been GTA heist that involved looting a sunken ship.
Thats a shame I like the long videos.
what the fuck?? 32 people died because some guy thought it would be funny to go near the shore??
It's a shame about the 45 minute episodes but looking forward to the shorter ones.
I'm Italian, I did heard about this Concordia thingy a few years back but never cared and never really watched anything on tv so I didn't know it was this bad lmao, thanks for the info
Secret channelssssssssss
I have to know Was that spaghetti joke worth it?
I really dig you moving away from stories that just happened on the internet, this was really cool
I wouldnt watch the tom n Jerry movie if I find this at a kids house im calling cps jk
You're the only channel where I watch the ads
"Linus ship tips" I'm losing my shit over here.😂😂
Ayo he be wasting that spaghetti
I had to pause this because I was watching it before bed and I was laughing too much. Content is spicy.
Everytime I hear about these ships sinking it always reminds to never trust anything any workers says while the ship is doing some funky shit.   "This ship is fine everythings alright"  "Sir the ship is tilting no its not"
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
isn't that the ship you used in the video with desinc?
The Titanic soundtrack hits just right in the emotional scenes.
23:53 Damn, when IH wants to get serious, he can punch you right in the gut. Fuck that made me sad.
Can we get a bruh in chat.
i stg this woman is more unlikable than the captain
Does anybody else notice the Halo music at certain moments?
Who woulda’ thunk it, cruise ships are mid-engined
I’ve seen so many videos on this topic and this is the best one by far.
Hello ! Can you tell me what's the music at 40:30 thank you very much !
How did the korean couple sleep through it all? It tipped like 80 degrees
Hold the fucking phone:   *8 years*?!?!?!?!?!
Ahh, Splinter Cell Chaos Theory's Cargo Ship OST during Ronai's segment
The fucking linus ship tips was the cherry in top
Holy fuck this is so scary!! The footage of it happening makes it feel so real!
Omg lolz
Wait Hungary still has laws on drug usage, Zsolt Horvath's excuse could actually get him into much more trouble than trying to scam the justice system.
Someone should have ensured the Captain went down with ship.
Man of Medan vibes
I mean, as much as a piece of shit this Captain is I still feel bad for him. This is a life-ruining mistake, and he doesn’t make it any better by continuously lying about the situation
"My Heart Will Go On" should be banned from ships LOL
6:49 What's the name of the music played in the background??
Hmm, 777 dislikes... And 222k likes
this is like a more casual chernobyl documentary
Internet Historian? in your personal opinion. who is the true hero of this story?
Why no longer videos?
The 2010s really happened and we were all here to see it
OMG, I laughed at a lot of shit in this video, but the "Linus Ship Tips" fucking killed me, well done internet historian....
I haven't seen a horror-comedy this good since Gremlins.
Spicy!
A similar thing hapened in Korea, well lets say that pepole stayed at their cabins and a shit ton of pepole died.
Titanic 2. Electric Boogaloo
Reminds me of Trump Excellent metaphor
35:00 Skullgirls theme? Nurse?! MAJOR SURGERY! XD
I still remember that day. I was one of the passengers in another ship from the same company, Costa Magica. In the middle of my trip, we heard about Concordia's sinking. I think it kinda filled everyone on board with a little bit of dread. Anyway, at one point hearing this, me and a friend, while passing by the ship's casino, decided to check on this screen in the casino which showed the front and rear view cameras of the other ships from the Costa company. We could still see every other ship on screen, except Concordia's, obviously. Its cameras were all black. Good stuff lol.
*The captain goes down with the ship.* Francesco Schettino: lol nah brah Also Francesco Schettino: Found guilty of manslaughter, causing a maritime accident and abandoning ship and is currently serving 16 years.
best video yet, really good clarity and accounts. a lot of info I didn't know
I swear every time this man drops a video it’s better than the last
2:38 Yes, the locals really do hate it, quite a bit lol.
31:53 Killed me
40:23 weird seeing my apartment building in a YouTube video lol.
pls i need more 45 min vids
Moral of the story, stop doing fucking sail-by salutes
Holy shit...why have I never heard of this?  Internet historian should have his own TV show. Also...is that music from halo about 24 minutes in ?
the wine bottle does not break, it is Friday the 13th and it is the hundred anniversary of the titanic? I'm sorry, but sometimes you have to listen to superstitions.   p.s: this is very well made.
2 spooky 4 me. I had only yesterday began watching videos about the Costa concordia's demise, looking into it,  then BAM. A large helping from my Aussie dispenser of truth!  2 spooky 4 me
if u won't against china!  let's fauces on America congrats America has half million people dead! best of this world!
Zip me the deets captain historian
What's with some songs from the halo ost's?
"Oh god, not again!"
That’s a flawless title
Internet Historian? More like.... historian
I can tell this video is going to become a rewatchable classic
This video >>>>>>>>>> the nintendo direct
So I went down into the comments and NO ONE is talking about the SECRET channels that were talked about in the credits. I guess either no one stuck around for the credits or y'all don't care about the SECRET channels....but I sure as hell do. SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE THEY ARE!!!!!!!
You can get more jail time for taxes than this guy got for murdering 32 people
love the halo music
a 50 minute video? this is gonna be good
#4 on trending!!! Internet Historian finally getting the recognition he deserves!
Russel Rebello, you’ve died a hero. Saving these people. We should salute you. I’m not trying to be racist or anything, but Unlike the man Who stole drugs illegally and stole stuff illegally (and even call the gun at a pregnant woman to rob her, and killed himself by overdosing on said drugs.), you’ve actually gave a damn about life and had always had a care for the world. You saved people and you will live on as a hero in the end. I’m just asking since you are the greatest hero on this incident. May Your Soul Rest In Peace and be in heaven for all you’ve done this time to save these people when they needed it most. 🪦🪦 *does a salute to the man who saved people on this very incident* like if you think he should get a reward for his heroic deeds that he did this time around on this very very incident. 🙏🙏
that blonde hella crazy
I have to say, I really appreciate the Visconti fountain pen flying around with the spaghetti and olive oil during the collision.
Really love how everyone just said "You know what? Fuck this guy"
I understand the move away from 45 minute videos in the future towards shorter videos, but I really like these longer documentary type videos. Delving deep into a topic with this much passion in the production and staggering amounts of research is immensely entertaining and interesting. Sure, videos running close to an hour might not be necessary for most topics, but I don't think you should abandon it entirely, just make the videos whatever length feels best for the subject matter. Great work as always!
I love these so much. Your documentaries are better than most National Geographic documentaries.
Omg he’s back. Gahghhgh
Linus shiptips. Lol
The madlad disguised himself as a civilian to get a lifeboat
best channel on youtube
this video was great!! Can't wait for the next one in 2022
imagine living through this and then being recommended this masterpiece of a YouTube content
Welcome back!
Spicy Indeed~
I was working on Merchant Ships for 3 years and we all know this story like the back of our hands, but damn this was done so well
24:30 looms better than it did originally.
that lil "ah" when he let go of the bell.  It's the finer details.
dude I hit the 25 minute mark and thought, "wow such a great video, guess I should go do something else now" and then he says that it's just the halfway point and my mind was blown. Such a well made video that can make me think 45 minutes have passed when it's only been 25
Fantastic video. You did this story and it’s weird ass quirks justice! agreed!
Total banger as always <3
Wait wut ? secret channels ??
every time I watch these videos, I just appreciate the sheer amount of time it took to make all this shit in photoshop
Seeing the pictures of the Concordia after everything is so haunting. Great work for making me care so much about something i never cared for before
Watching this in full again after Patreon, let's pump those views up!
italians LOL
Yes, dear lord yes, Internet Historian is what my soul craves. Take me on another wacky goose chase through the annels of digital history, you magnificent bastard
the linus intro caught me off guard
20:30 I'm assuming he put on the suit to avoid being recognized
When that Halo music starts playing.. "The final days of the Pillar of Autumn" - by the internet historian
LONDON2k12
Lmao I’m out
Almost cried at that middle part :,)
43:52 Okay, this made the whole video so much better.
I never would have thought you'd cover what happened to the Costa Concordia... but here we are.
I'm at work right now , cant wait to get home so i can watch it =)
Such great directing for a photoshop movie!!!! One of my favorite channels
If my waiter spilled something on me for the third time but the ship crashing was the reason should I forgive him?
That pronunciation of "Cazzo" truly hurts me, but yet it's so funny xD  Love your vids ;)
Damn dude I clicked so fast when I saw this. I wait with bated breath for your videos and it brings my day up to see em.
Just for you, this is the most important thing you'll ever read.  If you die today will you go to heaven? Have you ever lied, stolen, hated, used God's name as a curse word (O-M-G)? According to God's law, you're guilty, your headed for hell, ignorance will not be an excuse... But wait, God loves you, he made a way out for you, God's son Jesus died paying for your sin.  God so loved the world that he gave his only son that whoever believes in him will not die but have everlasting life. John 3:16    God is warning the world. End Time prophesies are jumping off the pages of the Bible, satan is ruling with his plagues, violence, idol worship, scoffers, and government control... The earth is experiencing birth pains like never before, earthquakes, fires, floods. People now are lovers of themselves, money, lovers of pleasure rather than God, we see sexual immorality running rampant like adultery, fornication, homosexuality, sexual abuse rape... the ultimate in child abuse mommies killing their babies in selfish child sacrifice (abortion), and religious persecution against Christians only (they will hate you because of me, Jesus (Matthew 10:22).  The world leaders are prepping for a,"One-World order," a "Great Reset," (please don’t take a number on your forehead or right hand, read Revelation a number means no heaven, and there's only one alternative, eternity in darkness, suffering in a lake of fire)  Soon the believers in Christ/Christians will be taken up, away with God, the world will be in turmoil, then the antichrist will come and fix everything, everyone will love him, he will deceive many with his worldwide lies... then the tribulation will start, you will be forced to worship the beast and take his number. Life on earth will be horrific.  Today if you hear God whispering to your heart please respond before it's too late. Say a humble prayer, pour your heart out to God, receive Jesus as your savior, believe God raised Jesus from the dead (Romans 10:9), and repent of your sins, you are now saved by grace! Ephesians 4:8-9(NOT BY WORKS)
Holy shit, I've only seen it being done in overly played out comedy sketches, but upon hearing the LTT-Intro music and seeing Linus Ship Tips, I had to spew out the water I was drinking. That hit me quite unexpected.
I already use nord vpn so its kind of a moot point, but i loved the creativeness of the commercial.
Don't know how much nordvn is paying you but it should be more Even the ad has some good production value on it jeez
Glad you got your channel back
Noice
To think if one man's cowardice wasn't so high, things wouldn't have turned out as they did. Fortunately, Schettino wasn't able to get away scot free from his incompetence lies.
25:15 - T H E  D E E T S
Hearing that Halo music while seeing the ship’s pictures gave me chills
I thought the crash scene was real. Had to rewind and read the small text. Wish it was real cus there would definitely be footage of that gem.
please upload more i need your videos lol
@31:04 it’s Moldova (pronounced mold-ovah) northeast of Romania, southwest of Ukraine.
when you dropped that LTT style intro... dude... why are you so good
*[Shouts in DeFalco]*
I need me some ships tips.
This is amazing thank you for this
45 minute videos are good though
Erm anyone else here cos of the car seat headrest song?
There is other Amazing story of a ship with incompetent crew, the Oceanos
1:38 i thought the titanic was rated for 4 compartments flooding.
19:31 hollow knight
Art.
I love your use of Sims 4 models lmao
I don't know why but, those intro transitions of the ship exploding throughout this video just kept causing me to misplace my sides
Jhhv
Bravado counts for NOTHING in this life. NOTHING.
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.  .,, ,, ,, , , ,, ,  . , ,, , . ,.  , , , , .
Maybe one of your best videos, funny, untertaining and well-documented !
damn dude really just dropped a giant bell into the ocean like it was a car battery
these people must have an intense fear if Cruzes
16:40 “Still flooded?” YES, YOU SHIT RAVIOLI!!!  XD
It amazes me that men with the brains of toddlers consistently find themselves in positions of real power and responsibility. At no point did anyone stop and think "huh, this guys a fuckin idiot'
The Linus tech tips bit ENDED MY LIFE 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
*BEYBLADE BEYBLADE*
That feint little "Ah" in the end as the fuck-off bell returns from whence it came, made me lose it for real! Historian I love you dude!
33 kills, 16 years  What the fuck
yeah boiiiiiiiiiiii
Bioshock on a boat
The fact that they were playing "My heart will go on" is just hilarious
theres the Uncharted footage I expected
I think captain mike from the office would of done a better job .
Me: hold on, this songs the Linus-  Internet Historian: LINUS SHIP TIPS
concon
"Some Australian guy even made a listing for the ship itself"  Suspicion increases
You went away from "Internet History", but I'm not complaining.
I know someone who is on the ship
Amazing.
Classic historian video. I never knew I missed them until I realized what I was missing.
what a story.  bravo
I watched this 3 times back to back.
Titanic 2: Italian Boogaloo
That NordVPN ad was beautiful
Italians should stick to pizza.  t. half-italian
Nooooo i want more long videos like this xD it's bloody genius
Top marks for Stephen Fry usage at 41:49
Im thinking Australian but idk.
I cannot get past the Payday soundtrack used so well
Riveting
So is the internet historian Australian or UKanian?
I need more 45 minutes, high quality videos like this!
Missed u
This is his best video he has ever done! I swear he is the best youtuber on this platform
italian child: i want titanic Mamma: you have titanic titanic at home:
linus ship tips with intro included  aight, i'm out
Today was a good day.
I just want to find the channels you don’t want me to find!
31:51 -- The guy in the comment says: "Forget about cockpits for God's sake" 41:02 -- The title translates to "submerged truths"
Friday 13th on a ship with a bad omen on the 100th year of titanic with a captain whos had 2 crashes before. What could go wrong? Its one of those things you just couldn’t make up
I laughed at the funny part
This got me on a binge watch of other Concordia documentaries.
A truly Italian affair through and through
Spicy
Did they ever get her out of the magic box?
That’s a pretty lethal like dislike ratio :0
Why’s it even matter if the captain was having an affair or not? He still crashed the ship so what does the affair have to do with crashing the ship?
HE'S BACK HE'S BACK HE'S BACK
So it was all jacob's fault
Some say the magician’s assistant is still in the box
On a different note, let’s remember the people who lived in the town who welcomed the passengers into their own homes and businesses in the dead of night and helped them get home.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE GIRL IN THE BOX?!?!?!?!?!
*This isn’t 16 minutes long*
40:28 song?
Make a video on the capital riots plz
Now he’s just historian
T h e      s p a g h e  t t i      b r o    why :c
Now do M/F Estonia and MS Scandinavian Star.
Largest cruise ship disaster since the titanic? I love your videos but that's just a lie.  Titanic was never ever designed to be a cruise ship and never went on a single cruise and neither did any of her sisters until her older sister in the 1930s to make some money during the depression.  Many accidents worst than this have happened since the titanic. In peace time and war.
The deets in the spaghetti gag followed by the laugh got my sub!
fucking incredible job daddy.   keep it  up
That Keemstar edit tho.  I feel like those are really hard to do
Been too long, lads
never thought I would hear skullgirls ost on a meme styled history channel, but here we are.
Brilliant. You're really doing future generations a service... In a few thousand years, this channel will be like the illiad and rosetta stone for memes.  "who steals a big fuck off bell" lol
amazing and hilarious as usual. 100/100
You managed to float a stern topic. Take a bow
Mourning the death of Rush today, so thanks for something uplifting.   Well, the sinking of a ship with people dying isnt "uplifting".  And the terrible judgement of the Parent Company, with so little repercussions isnt "uplifting".  Maybe "uplifting" is the wrong word.  Let's try "thanks for making a terrible tragedy so funny". :)
Just to be 'that guy' the Titanic could survive 4 watertight compartments flooded, not 2. And also the Titanic was not a cruise ship it was an ocean liner, there is a difference including into how the ships are designed. The Andrea Doria and Lusitania sinkings, both after the Titanic, were more deadly. K thx bye
Asmongold cameo around 35 minutes lol.
This is some high fckn quality sht. Education on another Level.
How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship? It was an expensive mistake. You can’t say you’re sorry and it’s over.
being Italian, this is fucking fantastic to see
as italian i feel well represented, i am happy
*YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES!!!!! A NEW VIDEO!!!!*
24:09 largest, how bout the ms estonia disaster?
Skullgirls music in IH video, fuckin nice
We've missed you
btw "Schettino" in English does sound wierdly alike with the Russian word "scotina" which means "a filthy stupid animal". coincidence?     I dont think so
You’re under appreciated.
It was an expensive mistake...
Internet Historian is probably the only channel on Youtube that I would click on a 46 minute video without hesitation
For what it's worth, I really like the long form videos!
23:15
Absolute best channel
The linus ship tips had me in tears!!! well played my fav video of 2021 so far
So you just had to waste all that pasta didn't you
It's always a long wait, but always worth the wait.
31:47 💀 😂
Imagine coming after someone for taking stuff off a sunken ship. If you want it so bad get it yourself
Waiting for Netflix or HBO to make a documentary on this, that will cost millions of dollars and somehow be far inferior to the Internet Historian production.
Alright, next episode is on the Tacoma narrows bridge disaster.
As an Italian, how the hell did this story travel all around the world? Not that I'm disappointed, Schettino was a disgrace, but yeah, still fucking strange to see an English video about Concordia
oh my god sam seder D:
As the captain of that ship i wouldnt have left the bridge - i mean im the captain first of all i need to stay there second of all they are gonna send a helicopter as soon as everyone else is safe
Outstanding quality video, as always
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel" Except, of course, for your epic takedown of Cyberpunk: "Fall of 77"! Right? *Right?!?!?!?*
Excellent balls
S C A T tino
That was a spicy video
another reminder that laws only apply to poor people.
it is actually sorta nice (in a sad way) to see people practice common sense and go to the muster points all by themselves, Crowds are not well known for behaving intelligently.
As an Italian that witnessed the disaster, I thank you for this majestic video
This was...  A fucking magnificent, just.... An exquisite, a gorgeous shit show.  This is.... Just awful.
Good god, I can't even begin to imagine the damage this caused on the environment. So much plastic, garbage and pollutants. What a fucking atrocity.
Got Chernobyl chills from this
Never fail to impress
24:20  was not expecting halo music but I'm not disappointed
I am so glad you did this video, it's educational while also hilarious on the people who deserve the ridicule.
The life of a naval captain is two extremes. You either die a hero or survive as a coward.
That Halo music really setting the mood
Thank yu !!!!!!!!
Fking gross dude.... this is educational...
Holy fucking shit. I thought greece was corrupted but it seems like our Mediterranean neighbors are even worse.
All the extra info at the bottom of the screen is too fast to read and hidden behind the video player when paused. Dislike earned.
46 minutes long This is actual documentary shit.
Nice video, I would also like to see a video on Oceania (a small cruise that sank in the 90s and is known for its crew abandoning ship and action being taken by the entertainment staff)
My god I actually deep delved into this myself. How about the swedish estonia boat accident fellow internet historian? Or Cyberpunk or another video game video? Driv3r controversy?? please more video game videos!!
WHO SAY YOU ARE ALLOW?
"The largest cruise Ship disaster since Titanic". Not so much. MS Estonia sank in 1994, with 852 people in it.   I'd recommend watching the Zero Hour documentary about it, wild stuff.
Between this and their judicial system, Italy's fucking wild
This video was brilliant. Great job!
Amazing stuff!
Pilon was the real MVP of this whole thing
36:05 That shit had me thinking someone was knocking on my door.   _NOT NOW MOM, I'M WATCHING INTERNET HISTORIAN!_
Well done
Animated internet historian cant hurt you he isnt real Animated internet historian : 2:10
But what does Ja think of this?
Wait, what about this page you showed about slaughtering animals and smearing their blood on the ship?! 1:24
I remember this incident but I never knew how much negligence was involved, insane.
i absolutely love that they were playing my heart will go on in the restaurant. why in the name of all the gods in all the multiverse would you ever, EVER play that song on a ship? it's like playing schindler's list in the dorm shower as you enforce curfew.
Damn the skullgirls song hits hard!
I remember watching this unfold on TV
The editor does not get paid enough
Internet Historian will be the next James Cameron i just now it
This is art
Internet historian has blessed us with another beautiful upload, thank god
Patiently waiting for a GME + r/web episode ❤️
Never watch these videos with Adblock on <3
Look at you hitting trending
Bravo!!! You make quality stuff!!!
The man has returned after five months to tell us about a boat
superb
5:49   Geoffrey Landgraab!  Well, no wonder this ship crashed.
28:47
Oh no- not this ship again lol  Pretty ship --> Decay. Shitty captain, too.
Even without finding drugs on the ship, the caliber of people they hired for important roles has me convinced something corrupt was going on. Those people were either on the take or blackmailed.
really dig the longer videos
Thank you for the video. As an Italian, this disaster is something I'll likely remember for the rest of my life, a grim reminder that your life could very well be in the hands of incompetent bastards and that at any moment notice you could find yourself in harm's way because of them. The captain was just an awful human being, it was refreshing to see a man with a strong sense of duty like De Falco rightly swearing in that pig's ear.
I'd rather keep the 40 minuite long videos that happen rarely. Feels like a holiday.
Glad you're back again😁 mr. Historian
i really dig the halo AND metal gear music
Jesus. What an incompetent captain.
Hold on I’m reversing it beep beepbeep beep
The disgraced cowardly captain should be played by Ian McShane in the movie.
HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
i remember this case, i feel old :(
Another goddamn gem of a video. My favorite youtuber by far, I cannot wait for the next one!
Jeez, the mad lad put a new video out and that's already something historical in itself, but it's about some shit that happened in our country too? You deserve free pasta and wine for life dude
Hearing Internet Historian say "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" as an italian is vaguely surreal
The sims 4 avatars for the people we don't have pictures of is fucking genius.
Respect for the Engineers who had to deal with this man
an incredible video <3
u need to make more videos bro
Too many fugging unskippable ads!!!!
Schettino liked his vodka like he liked his ship:   On the rocks
Amazing video you earned many subs with this and it's well deserved.
Dude stop I have carnival stock on robinhood
Nice use of Halo CE soundtrack there at 22:41. That's one of my favorite ones
That halo music gave me chills lol thanks dad
Knowing this is Italy’s debut on this channel makes me proud of the nation I live in
If only Captain Stede Bonnet was at the helm with his trusty Quartermaster
18:57 i read deus vult  . lol
great fucking vid
Wait so the captain doesn't drive the boat!???
i had no idea what this was about but then i saw it was off the coast of italy and was just OH NO  WTF this was in 2012?? damn i feel old
The yell I let out when you did the lil' squeak when dropping the "heart of the concordia" bell... the attention to detail-
The soundtrack to this video was 👌🏽 Every choice worked, I can see why you take a while to make these
What are the secret channels he mentioned
This deserve a YouTube Oscar
Do Estonia my man
This is a masterpiece, thanks for your effort
The amount of effort gone into the video is absolutely nuts. Would love to see the editing timeline 😂😂
why do they look like the sims 4 characters lol
So we just doing real history now?
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
Wow for a giant recently built modern cruise ship it looks like an old Soviet abandoned military base or something now
Guess whos back, back again.
25:12 Is that the Internet Historian: Cooking Channel preview?
Hey IH, big fan,  I come for the ads and stay for the video. Keep doing what your doing and you’ll be a stahr. P.S. love them hands handsome
Fun fact: schettino is still in jail to this very day
Bro legit looking like portal 2 in the before and after sequence
Nice piece, very enjoyable..
Why does he look like papa johns
wow
This is so sad, Concordia, play despacito.
Missed you Daddy
As a Hungarian myself, I want to say sorry about those money-hungry idiots.
Third time I watched this today. Still hilarious! And... informative :O
A sea change
have you heard about the estonia ship
Plot twist Internet Historian has the bell
MF casually using Hornets Theme lmaoo, good taste
My man is a Halo music connoisseur, respect! Gorgeously edited and narrated video as always.
Well there’s your problem?
good thing you finally got sims 4
men that skullgirls song really warms my hearth
spicy
Cyberpunk?
This entire scenario is a shit show from the get go. It's actually impressive for this many fuck ups one after the other. I hope the "Captain" got a great welcome when he got into his cell.
Love this video so much—can’t wait for the next!
The fall of 76
31:49 i died
Was that Luis Moreno ocampo
the payday music catches the intensity of the moment. I Love It .
I live for these videos...
wait? this isnt incognito!!
Why no 45 video split into 3 videos of 15 each.
I was playing Halo while watching this and when the music came on it genuinely took me a second to realize where it was coming from
Very much appreciate all the halo music during this one
that linus ship tips bit had me rolling
when you get 1.5 million views but less than 800 dislikes, wow
yo honestly, just become a history teacher man XD. I cant do my homework cause your videos are to entertaining.
This must  be the most italian story ever. A lot of valid and competent people taking care of business and a minority of morons who get the higher positions somehow...
It's funny, every time I hear this story I'm thinking that an American was stupid enough to do this...  But no, there are enormous dumbasses in Italy, too!
Great video, but seriously it ain't worth watching incognito. Too much self-congratulatory laughing at one's own jokes. Pretty cringy. The main stuff is great though. Don't stop making these long, awesome ones (just stop laughing at your own jokes - PLEASE!)
Main channel content!  Spicy!!
My man crashed two ships and they gave him a third?
I'm Italian and you have no idea how much I'm loving this. SALGA A BORDO SCHETTINO!
"And he is steering his massive..." Oh boy, it's coming!
Mate your graphics are unbelievable
Hiii
30:19 How many brain cells did you lose having to watch so many keemstar videos to make that little comp?
Dude I love your editing.
I missed your videos. Thank you for this!
the 1.2 billion dollars to make the ship float again was paid by who? That Carnival Corporation company?
EPIC!
Truly the only channel where I do not skip the ads. Indeed I am always looking forward to see them 😂👍 A class entertainment, keep it up! 😁👍
is this.... is this a new internet historian vid?
I nearly passed out from mirth at 30:40. As Chris Rock succinctly puts it: "women ain't gonna let a little thing like sense screw up their argument"
We've been communists for what? 50 years. At most. Out of a 1000. Fucking hell...
"I died a 2nd time during the crash, because Brain>Crash>Psychological>Eh." Got It Understandable, Have a Nice Day!
Are you going to do anything on GameStop?
Wow I want to explore a ghost ship
I see you too listen to Well There's Your Problem
Jesus man the amount of research that must have went into this is INCREDIBLE  I feel like you should win an award for this video
moral of the story: don't go on cruis ships. ever. theres like so many other things you can do to travel that won't put your life at the hands of another person's competence, or lack thereof
A maritime Covid-19 case
I didn't think I'd ever hear Hollow Knight music playing over a shipwreck 'documentary', life is wild
Best ads EVER.
Who steals a big fuck off bell? Me. Why? I don’t know but now I have a big fuck off bell that says costa concordia on it.    (This is a joke, I have never seen, let alone dove into the Costa Concordia).
Internet Historian is the only one you stay for the ads
Everything about this is my favorite thing.
Cruise ships are legit the worst things since the plague
the quality of these videos are amazing
Ayyy he finally posted again
Hey this is the highest quality video i've seen on youtube in years!
God I remember this on the news.
I like the long format videos, they'll be deeply missed
Aah, memories. "Vada a bordo, cazzo" is a milestone in mainstream italian meme history. Thanks for covering this, man. God bless and lotsa love from Italy
43:45 my home town!
Please stop leaving us
39:12 Is that a Windows Phone?
YOU SO. FUCKING. PRECIOUS. WHEN YOU. SMILE
As an Indonesian this is fuckin embarrassing lmao
I remember watching the Discovery show about the salvage divers that stripped down the ship.
Francesco Schettino forgot to do the reverse 2/70 tailspin, that's why the ship sunk!
You finally uploaded, good job. I hate the wait but your videos are so special.
glad Italian Dyaltlov was put away
Wow this is crazy
Man, the corruption in italy was known about, but I never knew it was this bad.
25:40 Singaporean mall? D:
Idk why but this is moi favourite YouTube  channel.
So it was the helmsman's fault
The phone call between de Falco and Schettino Is a national joke here in Italy the Schettino response to "get the fuck on board" was "but it's cold and dark" fucking masterpiece
CSH
My god, the animations in this video, the effort, the memes... This is a masterpiece!
Internet historian is a legend!
HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC wow
the level of effort put into this video is amazing
43:58 LINUS SHIP TIPS. WHEEZE
Excellent video, one of the best!!!!!
What a masterpiece of a video dude.
This is like our yearly drug dose
never heard a white brit refer to something as “big fuckoff” u know that bell was huge😂
ohhh mai gawwed
This also works as a video on the Houston Texans if you change the nouns
Please do more videos like this
I like how you waited 8 years to make the film..... Kind  of respectful
more 45 min videos pls
So many ads my dude... Too many...
Captains don't need to die on the ship, they just need to get off last
How scary!
The only time I wait anxiously for the Ad break.     And it never disapoints.
She was a one spicey meataball!
I really just want this comment to be blown up
Seemed like a beautiful ship too, that fuckin' sucks.
I already know I’m going to re-watch this at least 5 times before his next video comes out
This gave me more anxiety then a good thriller
Wait wait wait... secret channels?  Off we go, boys.
The GabbieShow’s true origin story
idiots, there are always utter idiots who cause tragic events like this. wonna investigate how one has happened? just look for the most utter idiot you can find, and you wont miss.
BELISSIMO!
I’m pissed that the company got off that easy. The negligence is just too much...
This is my favourite youtube video so far
I can’t with the transitions 💀
What a story! Never knew what a show that was. Great video, a youtube classic once again.
can't wait for THE FALL OF 77
I never thought this day would actually cum
Well There's Your Problem did it first.
Simply amazing: On one hand you have this engineered marvel crafted by human ingenuity over the course of 8 years, costing over half a billion dollars. On the other hand you have these complete and utter incompetent buffoons who run it into the ground on the first cruise.
Anybody else wants to meet de falco to tell them "Vada a bordo cazzo"
The “oops squeak” reference when he dropped the bell into the ocean gave me the lols.
when you post a video, I click to watch. Beats every movie released for cinema since last year. Maybe ever.
14th on trend=yt is getting to its #%#$@ SENSES
I'm so confused
Already on my second watch through
This shall calm my desire for a Cyberpunk 2077 video... for now.  Great storytelling BTW.
Only 16 years?
What kind of Korean sleeping pills are that effective?
Um excuse me bigot but a ship’s pronouns are she/her, not it/its. Educate yourself or face cancellation.
739 people almost sank
He crawled out of his cave
LINUS SHIP TIPS HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAGAHAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAGGA
Normally I skip ads on Youtube, but Mr. Internet Historian's ads are pretty enjoyable.  I'd say I sit through them ... (checks calculator) ... undefined times as often as I watch other ones.
Love the hollow knight music in the background
Bayblade Bayblade!
As a American I will never stop getting shocked by the short sentences that other nations give to offenders
Secret...channels?
Bravo man always love your content
god damn what a video
Dude. Your ads are legendary.
At this point the nord vpn adds are just as good as the video, I can't wait for them xD
Saved this video all day just to be able to sit on the couch, with some wine, and really appreciate good storytelling.
the start: I legitimately thought that was country roads.
This is possibly one of the most impressively edited and researched youtube videos I have ever seen. This is S-tier quality. You spoil us! The research alone is staggering, but there are just so amny funny bits you sneakily edited in. Man alive.
His new cutter is micheal bay
Ok that intro of a famous channel I don't want to spoiler was really good. Awesome video.
The linus tech tips cameo at 43:50 really confused me for a second.
I wonder who has the bell 😂😂😂
7:00 Song please? It sound so god damn familiar .
Holy fuck he upload on his maim chanell 🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇺🇸🤮
Sad to hear the loss of the 45 min videos. They are my favorite. Thanks for all the content!
I appreciate the Hollow Knight music
*IF ONLY THERE WAS A TANGIBLE WAY WE COULDVE PREVENTED THIS DISASTER*
I was going to sleep but sience of internet is draging me to lay that shit off and learn history
This. Was fucking. Fantastic.
Im going to miss the 40's minutes videos they were pretty interesting.
Thank you for this video, Excellent quality as usual
I literally just watched Titanic for the first time 3 days ago and now I’m seeing stuff related/about it.
"Day 56 of playing russian roulette [with a shotgun] seems I never win" I felt that
As An Italian I don't know how to feel about this
the hollow knight ost was such a nice touch
oh my god how do you do these beautiful animations
Aia ii Romanca sa moara mama
extremely italian affair
Do more like this pls!!!
what happened to the lady in the magician box?
So they crashed a 500 million dollar ship because they wanted to honk their horn and annoy people on land?
Exquisite content as always
Sad for the people on the ship.
Ah, mate. I've missed these
Always knew i would die listening to gt5 menu music
Great video and you are a true historian. Love your content
Internet Historian makes the best sponsorship clips. I buy whatever the sponsor is just because of the effort he puts in
You know that when Internet historian upload a video its gonna be a good day.
21:48 song guys please?
When the world needed him most, he came back
Linus ShipTips killed me.
This one was really good bravo
basically my favorite thing in the world is incompetence mixed with incredibly expensive things.
I love the level of detail. Also appreciate the music from Hollow Knight.
Omg this is soo good and the graphics as cheesy as they are make it even better. Well done good sir. 👍
I can't get over Rusli Bin (and others!) being a sim. I love it
*bang bagaban bang bing bing bong* -local television
Whats with Varus part III? And Cyberpunk disaster?! I legit lost a bet 'cause of you! Asshole!                ps don't take this too srsly
Brilliant video. One of your best. You put a tremendous amount of work into it. I must say that you definitely got your moneys worth from the explosion effect!
Is it sad that the first thing I thought was "I need to rob that ship"
What an embarrassing shitshow this was, great vid as always my man. Do you have any plans for a video covering something more current? Looking forward to whatever you put out either way :)
What a fucking disaster.
the transitions of the costa concordia itself doing some sickass parkour only to fail and hit itself against giglio island and explode makes me laugh more than it should
40:50 While under house arrest, he wrote a book. So that's what inspired Andrew Cuomo to write a book about crisis management while absolutely failing to protect those most endangered by Covid.
ngl i thought this was a different channel that posted this video in my subbox, so i clicked on this fully expecting a philosophical analysis of the flaws in the greek concept of marital 'concordia' in Homer
Take a shot every time the narrator makes a pasta joke.
Finally
WHERE?  WHERE ARE THE SECRET CHANNELS?!
Dude is so good at making videos he makes ads feel intertaining
Yay, he finally remembered the password
This documentary deserves some sort of award
More reasons for me to never go on a cruise ship...
28:30 wait, hold on, she's from MY country? That's news to me. But then again, this was in 2012, I was in 7th grade during that time and this is the 1st time I heard about this shipwreck
+
My health insurance company is called concordia and it's a mess as well
Virgin Schettino vs Chad De Falco
24:09 halo 3 beginning theme
15:07 is so funny. The combination of the line "this isn't like any electrical problem she's ever seen" along with plates flying across the room cracks me up.
Linus Shiptips...  omg you sir are breathtaking ^^
The piece of stupid filth who was called a captain should never have been allowed to be on this ship
This is the funniest channel on YouTube. Well done lads.
RIP the little girl and her father that died during this catastrophe
Me hitting a rock with my car: fugg  A cruise ship hitting a rock with me in it: I’m going to die
The musicians were just waiting for this moment to play my heart will go on
Cool vid as always
24:04 What about Estonia?
only 16 years? some peopel get put in jail for much longer just for having weed smh he had manslaughter and is gonna be out soon.
22:48 Scp 096 crying
This is one probably one of the best videos i have ever seen.
Why are guidos so god damn greasy
I remember when it happened. Disgusted by the judge in my country that gave schettino only a 16 years sentence Another fact: the same coast guard that said to schettino 'get on board for fucks sake'' even said 'you may have escaped the sea, but you will not escape me'
Absolutely knocked it out of the park with this one. Another incredible video!
You never mentioned... after such a horrific crash where did they bury the survivors?
That was great!
Instructions unclear. Made a history video without an internet topic.
Adding a comment for the algorithm
And this is the reason captains are required to have around 20 years experience. And for goodness sake, hire people who speak the same language to steer the ship...
That's gotta be one of the best-made videos I've ever seen on YouTube. The editing is insane
You got me on the ad, that shit about the brakes really got me lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Do a video on gamestop stonks
amazing!
NordVPN's poor organs gotta suffer through their smoking addictions. Into the memes you go, for history's sake.
18 hours agora this vídeo came out Already with 1,5million views.... Jezus
LMAOXD
This man needs 1billon subs. Sub sandwiches.
May the rest February bring nothing but Joy, good health and blessing to you my friend”
now *this* is the content I’m here for! but what’s with all the boat stuff before / after?
Cruises are shit, the companies are very weird and stingy and plainly almost evil.. yes, including Disney, they pollute everywhere, they dont contribute much to local economies, often they impact local ecosystems they are a gigantic buckets of diseases that spread everywhere...and as you can see.. they get cheaper labor, including officials just to save 2 bucks..
There is a lot of Halo music in this video
wonderful as always
Ronai looks like a budget Trump
Ronai looks like a budget Trump
LETS GO NEW IH VIEDO FUCK YEAAAAA #4 on TRENDING BABY MAKE MRE CONTENT MY DUDE!
I pray everyone that sees this is successful in life!
Never try to drift a cruise ship. It never works.
Yess finally my country hungary on a famous youtu-ooooooooh crap
Well, my name already explains everything
Can we just not let italians drive, like anything. Can we not all just agree to leave that sort of stuff to the germans?
huh.
24:05 The Costa Concordia wasn't the largest cruise ship disaster since the titanic.   The sinking of Kiangya in 1949 killed about 3000. The sinking of Taiping in 1949 killed about 1500. The sinking of RMS Empress of Ireland in 1914 killed 1012. The sinking of MS Estonia in 1994 killed 852.  I'm sure are others I'm missing.
Damn you can just tell the captain is a dick
19:31 I hear that hollow knight music
i love this channel
The payday music adds to this so well 😂
He put 300 lives at risk and it was only prevented no thanks to him. He should get life in prison.
NO MORE 45 MINUTE LONG VIDEOS!? As upset as I am, I must give you respect for the quality of content you provide on multiple channels, so fair enough..........................I also don’t want Nord VPN Man stalking me so do whatever the fuck you want.
Video went from PepeLaugh to monkaW
Another top class production!
"Your not allowed to make a film movie" Bitch, what are you going to do?  The boats already sunk!
Flipping love the transitions!
Good video, only problem is you put up a British flag when you said English.
Always fantastic, even the ad is engaging.
That keemstar meme was pure gold
Yes, every Italian person owns a Ferrari and/or Lamborghini
Captain Schetino, do you know where we are going ?!  "Off course"  Edit: this must be the most epic NordVPN commercial ever. Cant wait to see it on tv
Because of this, i was able to get a free trip on Costa Magica a year later. They had some "15 and under are free" deal, I was petrified the entire time, but it was a vacay.
Sooo funny
Wait, what about the Estonia? Cruiseferry..
Spicy
It makes me so happy to see this mans #4 of trending. People are recognizing us shear talent
This is magnus opus of the channel, for now........
I'm watching it the fifth time until now
it's amazing that the Italians managed to accomplish as much as they have.
41:42 Micolash and his scholars, in the Nightmare of Mensis?
As an Italian I can confirm not many people know proper English here.
congrats on making it one trending!!!! amazing seeing a true creator on there :)
Oh 40 minutes thank you historian, i live for this kind of story.
.....
23:54 Ok this is fucking interesting and i didn't even know about this before.
What the fuck is that thumbnail
love the use of Hollow Knight music lol
Man cruise ships need fuckin CRM
🅰️🅾️ Capitan Schettino ma che ca🅱️🅱️o fai
Linus Ship Tips XD
Internet historian: I need the perfect song for a sinking boat, hornet's theme it is.
Nice
Please keep doing the longer videos they are amongst the best content on YouTube. I actually get excited when I see you post long videos and will make time in the day to sit down and watch it. I get the massive amount of effort put into them may not seem like they have an equivocal pay off but I assure you they do. No man's sky, fall out 76 and this all of them are beyond amazing content.
The captain eyeballing part was hilarious. Brilliant video, as always!
Love your work. Hope daddy algorithm notices us. ;)
So basically two things i learned 1. Don't abandon your ship 2. Don't abandon your wife
I've personally really enjoyed the longer videos. But I'm also excited for more content.
Moment of silence for the people with cruise ship tickets for this year
14:25 that is one of the parts that made me start laughing hysterically
Video on congress raiding when????
14:28 LOL
As a Moldovan I feel joy every time I hear foreigners mention my country. Usually it's for the dumbest reasons but I feel kinda nice anyway.
You know what we need to prevent this disaster from ever happening again? Less regulations, less tax on the richs, and less stamp food. Building ships like this ain't free. Beside if you don't have the stick of litteral starvation and the carrot of wasting money on egregiously luxurious cruises, how are you going to motivate people to works?  Yes ,I made this with the sole intention of triggering libertarians.
The Metal Gear music is perfect 👌
The halo soundtrack 😍😍
ur a funny fuker, great content man!!
Secret channels?
The Tanker Incident
The music choice in this one. Muah.
Hey, now that you're alive again...  How about a synopsis of "Fallout The Frontier" in a "Fallout of 76" style?
You're chaotic lemmino
She died twice? All those people who literally fucking died because your boyfriend was pussy struck must feel so bad for you. How dare she say that when so many people died.
And he said... LMAOXD   I was literally dying at that part
43:49 Make me check my other browser tabs.
IF the people in charge tell you not to panic, don't, but also get the F out of there and call the police. Thank God for cellphones and for the lady that called fer daughter who ten called the police and they called the coast guards. Who knows what might have happened otherwise.
22:52 holy shit halo music wowee
Internet Historian don't miss
I only got Febreeze ads on this video for some reason.
This is one of your greatest work :D
I've been a shipwreck kick recently so this is perfect timing.
Number 7  in trending
Wait shorter videos?
The helmsman is hired to steer a ship with a captain he can’t understand.  Then he crashes that ship thanks to a simple miscommunication that is hardly his own fault. Meaning he’s been thrust into a situation where he’d be deemed at least partially accountable regardless of what he is truly responsible for.  And he finally flees the country, and when the police catch up to him, he slithers away, never to be found again.   All potential accountability aside, I’m just in awe of how quickly he nope’d tf out of there, it’s a thing of beauty honestly
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace..  Except gifts can either be accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh no, the video were you can hear a kid crying hurt my heart :(
After seeing the Fyre Festival, I didn't think the Internet Historian could recite a more jaw-droppingly disastrous event than that... boy was I wrong.
Dam your videos are good please do one about the fall of cyberpunk 2077
This was the most riveting piece of media I've seen in a long time.
Such production value
The Indonesian man clearly is using NordVPN to hide his location
I would steal a big fuck-off bell. Just saying lol.
He remembered his password!
This gave me submechanophobia... 10/10
Please do Game-STONKS next
That Keemstar bit is pure gold!
Halo music is a nice but surprising touch lmao
Where is the fall of 77?
The god has uploaded.
love the payday music
True CHAD De Falco
Wow, the desperate denial and lying from people in charge reminds me of the show Chernobyl. Is that just how people default to behaving in a crisis.
I hope you don't follow the "no more 45 minute video" rule too closely. Some topics require long-form coverage
I wouldn't of trusted that fukka with a gondola.
Wild
Internet Historian: *posts a video about a historical event* me: *waiting for 4chan to somehow get involved*
I felt some sympathy for that Indonesian guy who was clearly in over his head and never should've been put in that position until he fled Italy. Like wow, the court showed you mercy and you were too cowardly to testify as a witness. That's nothing compared to the damage you inadvertently caused through your incompetence man
When did yt add movies
The chads of this turbofail were de Falco and the engine guy for giving the captain such a beatdown and doing their jobs as best as could be done under the circumstances
Feel bad for the guy who didn’t even understand either language well, glad he got away tho
Flawless Editing. Another Absolute Masterpiece.
These ads are the only ones I don't ever skip lol
I'm Italian, and you can't possibly understand how honored I feel right now, you explained this mess way better than some of our news outlets.  ORA FAI USCIRE ALTRI VIDEO, CAZZO, SONO BELLISSIMI.  (fun fact: shortly before the concordia sank, me and my family returned from a pretty long cruise trip, so we kinda lost our shit, that could have been us in another life.)
This is just awful. Stick to trying to do edgy meme analysis.
Cool
Internet Historian shitposting about my country and our dumbness.  I'm honored.
Rocks and trees make steel debris.
11:52 Kid Icarus: Uprising music hmm? IH is truly a man of culture...
Halo that old no one recognised the music? Props to Marty O'Donnell <3
What happened to the woman in the box???
WITH CAPITOL RIOTS AND GME STOCK MARKET THING BEING LINKED TO THE INTERNET AND YOU CHOSE THIS!!
Lets gooo, number 4 on trending
SPICY
Ya
Wonderful video.
Who has the tea on the secret channels?
great, now i want to see a video on the Andrea Dorea like this.
Freakin boomers
Stellar content as always
jesus fucking christ, its been 4h and you've got 1,356,900 views
pov: internet historian posts for the first time 4 years
What a story Mark.
John 3:16-17 16- For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17- For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
i remember seeing this and saying, wow what a tragedy, but now its like a tragicomedy
31:48 "Oh Gawd, not again!" That cracked me up hard.
Internet Historian, in a world of over 8 billion people, you are truly one of a kind with your storytelling!
20:17 what a hero
was that the halo 3 intro song?
Nord VPN and Citizen Kane crossover. Never new I needed it
46:46 I was reading the comments, starving myself out looking for funnies tho I know they are rare to find. Realized there were two seconds left on the vid. Unpaused and he hits me with it
Give  him a plane now,  lets see what he can do.  + My heart will go on paying almost killed me too OMG
i actually lost my shit when the face was  fully animated
Why didn’t you already do a video about the 27th of June 2021 transatlantic disaster? Ah right it didn’t happen yet, ok good luck with that future video then
"she was cursed" *oh my gawhd sound affect*
As an Italian, I love You man. You deliver a service that is 100% educational
The captain is the new Bill Clinton.
What? This is #4 on trending? I'm so proud of this community.
the sim faces add an extra touch 😌🤌
I like the Sims characters XD
HALO MUSIC!!! @22:40 24:10
I have so many questions: Was anyone held accountable for the hiring of such a shit crew? You hint at the possible corruption involved in a security officer becoming a captain, but the helmsman is the real scary one, and the only one to get away free? I need to know more!
Was the beginning of the VPN add a fucking bio shock reference ?
Fun fact: Schettino sounds silmilar to Russian word "skotina" (скотина), which means "cattle", but also "swine", "bastard" or "jerk" when applied to a person
Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight fits this wayyy too well.
Internet Historian, this is a plead for help to raise awareness of the current corruption within SA. Please do a video covering the resent gel blaster ban as what the police have done is illegal and after realising they are going to loose, they now wish to change the law to render this court case invalid and instantly win and ruin a popular sport all for their greed
10:46 to skip NORD VPN
I guess we'll have to wait a bit for that cyberpunk video
Left in the ocean... Now only gathering dust and echoes
Why the fuck were the most important parts of the ships at the most dangerous spot???
Great video!
LETS FUCKING GO. I always look forward to your stuff my guy, i eat this shit up
"I'm not a slut, I'm an activist!" - Domnica Cemortan
What an absolute masterpiece
not "linus wreck tips"?
It has been 10 thousand years
All-time GREATEST ad man!
What song is playing during 24:45?
32 innocent people dead and that stupid cow has the nerve to say she died *twice*
Why no more long videos babe? I prefer them over the short ones
Not sure if its cool to make so many jokes about a situation where many people died. The family members certainly wouldn't appreciate all the memes.
It was clear that the situation just wasn't SINKING IN with the captain.     *small bow*
As an Italian, I have hemorrhoids
16 years for mass murder, what a deal. I am not into murdering, but that offer really makes you think. BTW this guy is on the leaderboard, easily topping oldtimers like Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold
This..this is a work of art.. Grazie, but i will miss longer videos... this is better than netflix
That little sneak in of splinter cells Amon tobin
Very educational video but damit Internet have a spoiler warning before you tell us how magic tricks are done!
most sad thing about this video is that it ends.
The fact that you played the Tanker Alert from MGS2 had me laughing, it was very fitting.
40:16 James Gandolfini! I thought my peripheral saw him. Ha. I see you IH.
Fuck i remember this shit happening in my nation
Is this why you were learning Italian?
40:06 Killer Instinct Gold: Tusk's Theme used here.
Thank you for this video, it has dislodged something in my brain and now I know where I am headed with my work.
Big ups number 4 on trending!
Just your average open crew on the sea of thieves.  The "captain", the guy who doesn't speak English, the afk guy in the corner, and the one person who actually wants to get something done.
People know what Moldova is 😧
Da italiano sono molto deluso dalla totale assenza di bestemmie in questo video.
You really cant make bad videos.
This is so fucking cool
is there some law that allows videogame music to be OK for videos but not other kinds of content?
Damn I had some Deja Vu watching this.
friggin love the transitions of the ship crashing into "giglio" over and over again. Gets me every time.
Love the long videos! Brings me back to the tail of the Edmond Fitzgerald
Spicy
As an italian I’m ashamed and flattered by the historian’s interest at the same time
The music at 40:00 is the Tusk theme from Killer Instinct 2. Just thought I'd share - great game, great song.
Should I recommend the brazillian priest that flew with a tons of helium bloons? In brazil is known as "Padre do balão"
Amazing video, your coverage of the situation was more in depth than the one broadcasted on TG5 (one of Italy's most watched news programs)
Youre the only youtuber whos ads i watch  lol
@30:40 XD
I need to know the secret channels
They should make a comedy movie based entirely off of just this video!
I'm so glad you're making content still, IH. Please keep it up, you bring a smile to my day in a time when it is needed most.
Plz keep doing 45+ minute video from time to tiem I love them and you k thx bye
My life is for the better today with this upload. Thank you!
So like, why dont big ships have the same regulations as airplanes? you can kill the same amount of people if youre shit.
Internet Historian the best  Cazzo boi
I feel like you could do an entire video series on the amount of disasters carnival cruise lines have been directly/indirectly responsible for.
1 million euro fine???!!!!!!! dafuq
Ogh god not again! :D
The brown dude just fleeing Italy and getting back to his shithole country, no one could have eve predicted this!!!
#4 on trending!??! Slow down or you'll make all the other channels jealous!
This was beautiful. You deserve a film award.
The bloody crash memes ffs 😂🛳💥
2012??? feels like yesterday I read about this on the news.
He’s back baby!!
You've heard of Jaws in Space, now here's Chernobyl on a Boat.
Third world ship registration and third world, multinational, undertrained crews are a dumb idea.
Titanic could stay alfoat with 4 compartments flooded, not 2.
Good lord this editing was awful.
In conclusion: pussy distracted man from doing his job.
[hears the mgs2 tanker music, remember what happens to the tanker] *oh no*
Dear diary, today i was on a boat ride and i got to talk to the captain and his really nice lady friend, he seemed a little drunk, but there is no way this can be dangerous, this entire trip is a well known procedure right. -TheLennbart 13th january 2012
IH spent the last 5 months coming up with the title
This has got to be your best yet
Fun and informative but needs to show a little more respect for the people who died.
this event was my childhood,watching the Italian news on it go from everyday to every week to every month and so on
That's a lot of explosions
Tank. You.
As an italian, as soon as I saw this in my recommended, I said "Oh no"
This is better than Modern Marvels engineering disasters
What the point of a secret channel??
Anyone know what the names of the music samples/tracks are in the video?
26:48 is that fucking de Blob music?
film nordoir
If they showed these vids in school instead of the long boring documentaries, kids might actually enjoy and remember them 😅
I had a really really bad day, but this video cheers me up(not the actual disaster) So much work! Thx!
Imagine having a name as badass as Gregorio de Falco.
I brought Nord VPN b.c I laugh so hard . But afterwards I love the VPN lol
We really need to stop people from allowing anyone to be hired to any position for the sole purpose of racial gender or stupidity. Especially when its important.
Love the Dead Island music
The editing is so superb, that despite the jokes and memes, it achieved genuine tension a few times. 11/10 always worth the wait
Some make documentaries, but ya boi claps history's cheeks
wow
he found his password for the big account
I am Italian and the title of Schettino 's book can be translated as "Underwater Truths"
January 13th is my birthday.
Ohhh thats so interesting that the captain could have saved it if the guy understood him
Awesome video
The story of Costa Concordia is so insanely ridiculous, only Historian could do it true justice.
Even 9 years ago, my local Dutch news station wanted us to know how much of a coward the captain was, I still remember it to this day!
I think itssafe to say that the captain did not do a very good job and was sort of an ass
The Cost of Concordia is $570 million; you said it in the first minute, why is this video almost 50 minutes long??
PogU
34:00 - ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Thats a Bulgarian court of law. Its funny because the Bulgarian Prime Minister was also a bodyguard two decades ago.
What's the music at 40:21 from?
I still would LOVE to see you cover Pokémon Dexit/Sword and Shield controversy someday, it would be hilarious
The Internet Historian posted a new video?! And it’s 46 minutes long?!?! Celebrate good times!!! 🎉🎉🎉 On a more serious note, love your channel. Few videos can make me both laugh and inform me at once. Yours do. Please keep it up.
When i was on a cruise in 2019 they promoted so heavily every single day that at any, absolute slight problem, put on a life vest and get to muster stations. Crazy to see such a drastic difference.
Lmao that little squeal when throwing the bell into the ocean
Please upload more content. Your videos are just better than anything else on this channel.
24:05 "largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic", there has been several cruise ship disasters that have claimed far more lives
I lost it when they played "my heart will go on."
An Italian cruise?!? Imagine how much viagra was left aboard that ship
Can’t you find traces of drugs in someone’s hair years after someone does drugs
I remember being in Italy when it happened, the absolute disgust everyone had towards the "captain" was incredible
the most entertaining thing I've seen in a while. All your videos are bangers
What a goddamn shit.
Started watching this in the morning before school, now that schools over I can finish the video.
31:44 got me real good
Video vaguely reminds me of another cruise where a bunch of students from korea died and there was a whole thing that apparently involved a religious cult.
Gotta love the halo music tho
yes
That mayor is an actual lad, my guy got ONTO the ship just to try and help, risking his own life.
Never take an Italian woman as a lover.
Resident Evil should be set on the Costa Concordia next
All of your videos are perfect, but this one cracked me up even harder than usual!
We are become that from which we did not learn
As the old saying goes-  The details are in the spaghetti.
The Internet Historian ads are now even better than the video they pause.
HES BACKK
31:02 I hope the town rapist didn't find out
Fun fact: The russian word "skotina", pronounced very similar to the captains last name, means "swine"!
Internet Historian never disappoints 👌
OHHHH is this actually a new video? am i early? im excited😂
31:45 bro this girl is bringing another catastrophe
My only goal in life is to one day be as good as you at storytelling lol
it was awesome
Those intermittent skits with the ship badly photoshopped onto random people getting rekt are making me laugh way harder than they should.
the first part of Defalco speak's translation is wrong, it's not "hurt you" it means "you are doing realy bad", Nice video as always though!
That ad was a masterpiece. It's the first time I intentionally didn't fast-forward through a sponsorship.
Metal Gear Solid 2  Music going on this vid for a sinking ship hmmm seems familiar?🤔
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ITS BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME :((((
Oh man, I remember this one. Especially the bit where the captain switched his uniform for a suit and tried to hide.
fascinating
I would watch and hour of Nord VPN man for just 2 minutes of Internet Historian
great vid mate
Bet you company recruitment will be different going forward :D
Really appreciate all of the hollow knight music
This video must have taken such a long time to create damn.  I mean ... LINUSSHIPTIPS? 43:50 lmaooo
Lovely Halo music choice
26:12 David Bull is about to go John Wick on some asses
Amazing!
Oh my god he’s made an actual main channel video! THANK YOU SENPAI
45min = Good 15min = Bad
46:03 why did I rewatch this part so many times?
I wish everyone put as much effort into their ads as you, your ads are amazing.
he hath returned
24:21 Looks like when u wake up in portal 2
Its just like the Titanic, down to the shitty captain worrying about himself
that final money shoot
dude you're trending in austria of all places
I cracked up at 41:10
The ship crashed due to poor communication and incompetent management. I guess they should have used MATH.
Does anyone have sources for the clips/memes used?
thank god she's not romanian
oh my god he uploaded its incredible
19:30 HE FUCKING USED HOLLOW KNIGHT OST!!! OMG HOLLOW KNIGHT COMMMUNITY THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE WIN
They Tokyo drifted
That captain should've been sent to jail for life. Straight up.
Rip bell
I think the captain should spent rest of his life in the jail, in the end, he has the ultimate responsibility, even though the owner of the ship would be the ultimate "bad guy", becouse even if only half things about him are true, its just disgusting.
I remember hearing about this on a documentary before.
Zip me the spaget
Sadly you can't comment on her Instagram page anymore 😂
22:41 & 24:17 do I hear Halo music !?
I'm from Italy and when this happened I was only 11, I remember that after this disaster you would hear about it everywhere, news, tv, radio, newspapers, school, even when I was hanging out with my friends the "costa concordia disaster" was the main topic we talked about, we citizens got so involved in the story because everyday there was a new information, new testimony, new statement, everyone wanted to know exactly what happened. I can confim that everyone loved and started saying in any context "Vada a bordo, cazzo!" it was really the catchphrase of "costa concordia disaster" Although I'm Italian and, as I said,  this disaster got me hooked for months so I have really heard almost everything about this story I have to say that this video/documentary is really well done, it has accurate info, it tells the story step by step and has all the additional infomations to it,  good job Internet Historian (as always) you did a great job!
Is that.... a main channel upload?
"Genoa?" "Nah, never heard of her."
Hunter x Hunter
Wait, what happened to the woman in the box though? Did I miss that detail?
YYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSAS
It’s a boat time! that internet historian posted on his main channel
This is amazing story telling. Bless you sir
I remember this incident getting brought up when a South Korean ferry sunk in 2014. The captain of that ship ran off after telling the passengers to stay calm in their rooms. Unlike the Concordia, about 300 died from that and most of them were high school students on their senior trip.
You really outdid yourself with this one! Damn fine video
When i hear your voice i instantly remember salad fingers and i don't know why.
Disappointed. He spoiled the cost of Concordia at 0:46 to be $570 million. The rest of the video is filler.
Not that the captain didn't deserve what he got, but I think the company has a lot to answer for, what with hiring such an incompetent crew to command the ship in the first place to save a few bucks.   Also the whole "drive by salute" thing is incredibly dumb and I'd be glad it backfired spectacularly if it didn't cost 33 lives.
This is epic
Alright back to hibernation for another video
His secret channel is called "Storymode" Just search it..
He POSTED
I don’t wanna be that guy but you got bioshock beat for animated water. This was beautifully put together.
Me when I'm about to do something stupid 2:10
46:01 OMG HHAAHAHAAH
The Internet Historian's Nord VPN commercials are the most beautiful things I've ever seen
Fall of 77 when?
Dall'Italia un saluto. Vada a bordo cazzo.
omfg, rofl at the ship drifting on a race track example...
Congrats on trending
My God......its a meme goldmine.
This is truly a video.
Yeah but what about that bell tho, that is a very important loose end to this plot
Thank you Internet Historian for this banger of a birthday present! Love the Sims 4 faces, btw.
such good content please make a feature film
Good video, but when are you joining the Trash Taste boys for a very special episode? ;)
Is this the live action movie of uncharted 3?
I was hoping for a happy ending then you said 32 people died...now I’m pissed
Amazing Video I love it
How about stepping up the production speed a touch?
the fact the dude called him on his cell phone to keep frying him up... LEGEND
Best. Ad-read. Ever. I'm all over it
I want this man at my funeral.
This is a genuinely fascinating story. The dorky edits kinda mislead me at first. I love all the details you managed to cram in.
The only ads I watch in full
translation a 41:02 is "the submerged truths"
As an italian, i can assure this is accurate
When a pilot crashes a plane they are not punished since if they are punished they are more likely to make excuses instead of being completely honest. If he was not going to be punished for this crash, he probably would have immediately called for help, been entirely transparent, and probably fewer people would die. It's counterintuitive, and it seems like he should be punished, but he clearly was scared if he told people what happen to the ship, they would do what they did to him.
My god your funny & after 10000 years your finally back!
You should make a video about the Sewol ferry sinking in South Korea, it was not a cruise ship but a way bigger disaster with so many mistakes made.
If my history class was like this, I would pay attention
Like only for Hollow Knight music
40:08 AMOUNG US!!!!!
Here in Italy Schettino Is like a meme ahahhaha
I like the long videos!
whatta chunt.
Best editing yet
Please include more Chaos Theory music.
My great aunt and uncle were passengers on this ship. According to the story I was told they were in one of the restaurants when the ship hit that rock and the force was enough that it shook the dishes on their table. Luckily they managed to get off the ship pretty early when the crew first started launching lifeboats but prior to that the crew couldn't seem to figure out if the ship was fine or sinking.  Edit: Yes they did sue for the cost of the trip and their lost possessions. Unfortunately for my aunt, that included a set of earrings that belonged to her mother.
Hollow knight ost made this better
as an italian who heard this story and has grown interested in this after hearing over and over again during the course of their childhood (sadly enough,since i actually went there a few times as a kid + i've actually saw schettino myself,along with my grandparents) i was so excited to see you cover this story. it's tragic,sad,yet so chaotic that you cant help but laugh at all of the shit this man caused. good job! this is definitely one of my favourite videos about it :D
Capitano Schettino
Who else was surprised to see Asmongold make an appearance?!
Linus ship tips
I have missed you so much
👍👍👍
in honor of Russel Rebello may he never be forgotten
That Linus Ship Tips clip is genius
ill never take a cruise so long as i live
A new video?! 46 minutes long?! You do treat us
I wish this video was longer
Ah yes, Skullgirls music at 35:01
Internet Historian is a goddamn artist. 19:00 THAT'S HORNET BOSS THEME FROM HOLLOWKNIGHT
I love your documentaries. <3
imaging spending hundreds of million of dollars on the ship and then cut corners when hiring the crew
EH AH UH SPICYYY MEATABALS!
Anyone find his secret channels?
Did you really waste all of that spaghetti, you monster!
Man, I skipped forward for the ad (As you do) and theres another 30 MINUTES LEFT! Yeee-muthafuckin-hawww
A good rule of thumb is if you are going on a cruise, don't go on a carnival cruise if you actually want to get home
My man butchered Zsolt lmao
BOinnn.... splash
*You know shit's gonna go down when there's a timestamp on screen*
it feels like dusting off ye olde story telling book of the wacky world we live in and here we are with a new chapter for the collection :D
The MGS2 Tanker Music inclusion was so fitting
Brilliant as always
Dude, that was too good. You gotta do more of these longer videos.
The way he says "kawsta" for costa is nails on a chalkboard
Annnnnnnnd THIS is why I don't do boats 🤷🏿‍♂️
I look forward to every one of your videos. It might take a while but every minute I wait is worth the prize at the end.
Ok, anyone know the music playing at 40:24? I’m desperate.
Great video man
Man netflix should contract you immediately. I have been binging your videos for the past 3 days.
What are internet historians secret channels? Is he just saying that for laughs or do they really exist?
That was amazing to watch, thank you for your effort in this and all your other videos!
I am the bell that was stolen.  Don't believe me? Then check this out... *"DONNNG!"*
If I donate does that mean you will make more gold content faster?
get rid of the gay cartoon animation faces
Hey 2 times 3o millionaire’s our for sale!
Not to make light of what happened, those who died and what the passengers went through, but I watched a 90 minute documentary on how they raised, righted and moved the ship, holy hell that shit was interesting.
I'm so glad you talked about this, in Italy obviously everybody talked about it for years, I was in elementary school and I remember non-stop discussions about it
Thank you for reaffirming my belief that cruises are of the devil
The virgin Schettino The chad De Falco
38:48 "I will cause you a boatload of trouble" omg that's great
This is like a masterpiece of editing. Just like all his other videos.
Aw you should’ve put the Abandoned Ship music from Pokémon Sapphire somewhere in here 😭
I thoroughly enjoyed this and watched the video all the way through. Proof that Internet Historian is golden enough to make longer videos thrive on YouTube.
This is 46 minutes long... dude...
I am definitely not using this and the titanic as reasons for never going on a cruise. The ocean is a scary place.
Sunk on my Bday, sad day
Schettino, torni a bordo CAZZO!
"The deputy major takes the initiative and races to board one of the lifeboats returning to the ship" What a fucking Chad.
I've really been getting into ship disaster content these past few weeks. So for the man himself to then put out a video about the Costa Concordia, it's an absolute treat. Cheers
I’m italian and I had no idea anyone out of Italy knew about costa concordia
Linus ship tips Lol
If re-floating it cost more than twice as much as the boat itself, why bother with the effort?
It was probably Russian separatists led by Colonel Gurlukovich that helicopter that removed the drugs was actually a Kasatka KA-60 Civilian model
Its obvious they really screwed up by hiring Sims people. Those morons cant even cook a grilled cheese without bursting into flames.
A tale of incompetence.... at so many, many levels... And only 16 years for this criminal captain, and only few years for the 5 others sons of b**** that they are guilty as him... and 32 deaths. Unbelievable light italian justice.
It took me a while to realise that this wasn't another sundance reject...
Pilon is kinda a badass ngl
The internet Historian actually made A MAIN CHANNEL VIDEO FOR ONCE   WOOOOOOOOOOOO
SPICEY
I kinda feel like you weren't sent those deets yano
The quality of these films are incredible!
Oh boy, Halo 3 soundtrack
The captain was trying to do that Han Solo "everything's fine here, how are you" bit for like two hours.
Didn't expect to see Asmongold in this lmfao.
BRAVO!
YouTube brought me here.
My good, i wish i Someday have the editing skills as good as this man
Wait,  wait, wait. WE HAVE NO LAWS AGAINST FRAUD?!?!!!?! HERE I COME MILLIONS
Just love the story telling!
Nice addition with the halo music
When the Halo Soundtrack kicks in. 😘🤌
Just another example of rich people's hubris resulting in utter stupity and incompetency. Fucking pathetic. This is why I fucking hate cruide ship culture universally.
i guess they let anyone control a cruise ship
You gotta cover PrankNET someday. (Edit): Hate to joke around, but couldn't the passengers pull out drinking straws to sip the flood down?
Italian here. I remember they stopped playing Costa cruise adverts for a while after this. Wonder why.
THIS. IS. A. MASTERPIECE! Film studios and movie production studios should study this.  I have too much comment to make. I just can't believe how good this is.
see you guys  in 6 months again
That bruh momentos when ur boat divorced captain
please please make a cyberpunk 2077 video this is gooold for you ;=0
Great vid, I did not know this story fully and now with the magic storytelling that was laid before me, made it all the more tragic and entertaining!
I was watching this and in the middle of the video, I got an ad for a cruise.
I was expecting so much that wimpy "ah.." at the end, thank you so much Internet Historian.
Schettino when the ship is sinking      TIME TO ABBANDON SHIP
This was way too good... nice one again
Love all the Halo music lol
The cinematic slow motion insanely shitty low-budget action scenes made me cheer up
Largest cruise ship disaster since Tianic? Whatabouts Estonia
That was amazing
He’s alive!
I just have to say, the internet historian makes some of the best content on YouTube. He is.. a genius of sorts
Why did the captain think it was a good idea to lie on the first call from the authorities as if no one would notice a giant cut on the ship's side
Once the Tanker Incident music started up, I was dead holy crap.
Fuck yeah
The Mayor is such a fucking CHAD! Boarding a sinking ship to find the asshole in charge and helping people.
LMFAOOOO that fucking helicopter video 😂😂😂😂 that poor old lady
This video was so beautiful, that I'll never let go
RIP titanic 2 electric boogaloo
Songs That You May Not Want To Pipe Into The PA System Of A Cruise Ship: 1) The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald 2) The Morning After 3) My Heart Will Go On
Your videos are gold!  I get kinda sad when I finish your videos as I have to wait another few months before the next one.. 😢
Russian roulette with a sawed off shotgun Epic gamer moment
What is the song at 17:21
hell yh internet historian back
As an italian i feel it it my heart
So good.
What did the internet have to do with that?
Man I love your videos on this channel so much! 😍 They are so extremely funny and well-made.  Actually favor this content a bit more than the one on incognito mode x: But keep it up in general please 😁🙌
The images of the ship after the disaster look like something out of a fallout game
I think you can sum up the whole affair with the phrase "sheer fucking hubris".  I hope that "no more 40 odd minute videos" rule starts AFTER the inevitable video about the Cyberpunk 2077 scam, right...?
Here I am, waiting for that inevitable Cyberpunk 2077 video
that ruined ship would make for a great airsoft arena... just saying
I had almost lost all hope...but the Harold returned to us to continue to hide that pain.  Excellent work, as always, you cheeky bastard.
Ahhhhhhh the French Champaign
Daaam the GTA theme 28:36 its just perfect
Sometimes I think to myself, “there’s no way shit that very obviously will end in disaster could happen, we’re smarter than that.”  Then I remember 99% of human history can be compiled under the label “what could possibly go wrong?” And I die a little more every time this happens
It's so weird to think that people went looting a ship that still contained a dead body. That's the very last thing you want to discover when performing urban explorelooting.
This might be his best video yet.
It’s Crockett’s theme doin’ it for me bro love it👌🏻
Holy shit do I love and admire your content. Astonishing work!
This is better than TV
Once again, your sponsored ads are the best in all of Youtube!
Tschernobyl all over again but on the water and no gamma rays
"It was an expensive mistake"
Yeah ship goes brrrr underwater and stuff ..... but what about CYBERPUNK❓👀
25:15 WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT TO A PERFECTLY GOOD POT OF SPAGHETTI?!
next has to be the Gamestonk right? Right? When it was in the full swing, all I was thinking about was "this is 100% internet historian content"
This YouTube channel is art. The amount of production and research is so amazing. Spicy 🤌
I think we all think the bags was a nice idea.
Maximum simp
If Linus ship tips is one of your other channels I’m gonna reenact the costa
Wait this is trending? Wouldn't expect youtube to do that with how precious they are about videos being absolutely perfectly spotlessly pc and whatnot
"You're not allowed to film" *Karen 100*
The goosebumps pole-bump bump was so sexy
quality
This video may have some lighthearted comedy in it, but i couldn't help but get frustrated at the incompetent, cowardly, and arrogant captain, and cry a little at the absolute failure of the ship and the panicked people, and poor dead ones that couldn't make it out. Seeing the stupid captain make every effort to ruin everything disgusts me. Excellent video, internet historian, please make more like these.
are those models for some of the crew from the sims
also i need to know what the secret channels are
I did a real life double take when I heard the hollow knight OST start popping off
Woohoo new video
so it was YOU who stole that goddamn bell!
Solid video, great quality!
Italy the eternal shitshow of Europe.
Every video you make, is pure gold.
I’m sad to see the long videos go, I really enjoy these in-depth videos
IH makes the best ads... I never skip them because they are frequently the best part of the whole video.
Wait wtf, are there SECRET CHANNELS????!!
Was really hoping for CHAZ/CHOP.
i liked so much the 45 minutes videos. is like watch a film, a very spicy film
Stable video👍
Time to binge watch this video for the next 6 months!
The fact that a bunch of the crew mates are sims 4 characters is hilarious
t
+100000000 points for using Hornet’s theme from Hollow Knight
Nat Geo Air crash investigation but naval and epic
the first guy in the instagram comments at 31:50 writes: "leave cockpits alone for gods sake!" lol
Shit I remember this story.  I can't wait for other closed off memories to be reopened by the Internet Historian's bi/tri-yearly uploads.
Holy shit this is interesting
Question : Where the fuck they find jacob ?
How’d the people die? He didn’t really go over it.
Is the Cyberpunk video coming soon?
someone played hollow knight, good music choices ;)
28:31 Lmao
Wtf that keemstar clip ruined it for me
Im still waiting for Punks of Cyber 7022 Bug N Glitch edition. Review.
YESSSSS THE MOONS HAVE ALLIGNED AND WE HAVE BEEN BLESSED BY ANOTHER IH VIDEO
you know how speed 2's whole gimmick is it was the same thing on a boat? this is that but with chernobyl
In a perfect world everyone would use NordVPN, but this is not a perfect world...
What’s the reason for no more 45 min videos? I respect your decision but personally these are my favorite
I love your editing man, it's so good
hearing the tg5 intro is the ultimate powermove to confuse an italian good job
Dude, the Beyblade thing is too much. I'm dead over here. Lol
That spaghetti disappearing scene added 5 years to my life.
interaction
How could this happen?!?! Corruption????  In ITALY?!?!!
14:26 the guy that pulled that in that situation deserved a morbid-comedy award LMAO
Compiensation
I caught that “Zombies Ate My Neighbors” sound clip
DID YOU JUST USE HOLLOW KNIGHT OST ON A VIDEO ABOUT A BOAT SINKING   YOU FUCKING LEGEND
Did you actually cook spaghetti only for that scene (the deets)
inb4 netflix documentary
I really need to know if the lady inside the magic box survived
How did they get someone so unqualified to be a captain!? Did they gloss over his past incidences? Jeez
This was gold
Holy shit number 5 on trending, you legend
When will Internet Historian get his Pulitzer?
i bought my nordvpn with your code because i like your ads so much
What?? New video?? Didn't internet historian die?
Did you seriously made a whole-ass bowl of pasta just for that "The Deets" skit?  You madman
Pelon is a goddamn hero for dealing with that idiot captain. The captain should be in prison for the rest of his life.
In case anybody else hears the bit that starts at 40:21 and is like "WHAT IS THAT I KNOW THAT," it's the Goosebumps theme
Thanks nordman now I can harass people online without the threat of them tracking me down and stabbing me
You are so good at making boring situations seem like the biggest thing on the planet
EUGH don’t move your mouth at me like that old fool 2:12
Imagine vanishing throughout all of 2020 only to come back and talk abt a shipwreck
Skullgirls OST? Good taste
The quality on this one. Whoa
lmao, at 31:49, a comment on cemortan's instagram says in italian "Oh my god, please forget the cockpits"
So happy you used Halo music :')
The good shit, thank you
This is one of the few times I actually knew the story before IH made a video about it. Doesn't detract anything from the video, I just like feeling informed every now and then
Finally a new video!!!!
Internet historian Internet historian: incognito mode Internet historian: greenscreens Internet historian: live _( all these channels are owned by Internet historian )_
But what happened to the magician's assistant? Did she ever get out of the box?
This is the best rendition or rather retelling of the costa Concordia I’ve seen and I’ve watched 3 or 4 different documentaries on this mess
Que buen video
better than Titanic LMAO
thank you for this meal
You going back to 10 min videos *looks at the view count over a mil and the youtube trending* LOL bet you won’t
the *ONLY* reason why youtube is on consoles is to watch this master class film on your tv
You forgot when a prestigious university gave him the chance to give lessons on "panic management". After the disaster.
this whole story reminds me of the flooded sedgewick hotel mission from Ghostbusters the video game.
I like how you put in a short Asmon cameo cuz you know he's inevitably going to react to this
Damnit! Weird feeling being 75% ashamed for being Italian!  Yeah,De Falco(the hawk lol) is 25%
I like the use of the Boss Battle 2 theme from Kid Icarus: Uprising
As always, so funny, so informative, LOVE the ad break, and your scene transitions of the ship crashing are amazing
This man just has way too much time, like god damn!
Engagement +1
The spaghetti deets killed me.
Utterly amazing video. Next up Estonia?
Thank you for this video! I appreciate all the hard work you put into your videos
is this whole video factually accurate? or is some things exaggerated for the memes?
How did i not hear about this?
Hollow knight music was nice
LE EPIC!!!
I really love this content and the guy who does this or team, made me laugh every time a watch or re-watch a video. Keep it up.  ''Please behave yourselves''
has anybody found the secret channels?
Goddamn i laughed at the BELL
43:51 you magnificent bastard
"Welcome to the Sierra Madre Casino & Hotel"
Imagine getting a carnival cruise line ad for this lmao
24:08 Largest cruise ship disaster since Titanic? Doesn't M/S Estonia count?
I want more 45 minute videos! :D
l love your stuff
Me: causally relaxing and staring at dinner whilst eating   Visuals: No  Me: starves
TriHard
You forgot to mention the people who got stuck in the elevators and drowned
What a spicy hot video this was. Great work
Lmao @ the intro spoofing Titanic 😂
His mistress not allowing filming is the most sketchy thing I've ever seen
How's that video on GME and r/wallstreetbets going?
How far Italy has fallen since Ancient Rome.
Holy shit I'm 5 minutes in and this is so high quality love it.
In case of emergency, you need to.... L ie to prevent panic I nterfere with rescue V indicate self E vacuate first
Dude the halo music made this video so much better. Love this shit man!
I love the use of halo music
I'll give you a good reviow, Internet Historian Freaking fantastic video :D
God, the only way this could be more cursed is if a Soothsayer warned that something big was coming.
Long time subscriber, never clicked so fast on a notification before. Yes I'm Italian
another masterpiece
this is the first video of yours I've ever seen and I'm so glad I clicked. 5 minutes in and I'm so invested! So happy I found your channel
Couldn't get a single laugh. Basically all this shows is how the whole situation was fucked from the start and corruption allowed many people at fault to get away with it. The company getting away with compensation with bribery. Crew members getting away with their part of the crimes and all the blame being forced onto one guy. They made him the scape goat so they could sweep their crimes under the mat. Disgusting.
PASTA EVERYWHERE!
the halo music when showing the ship after it had been left to rot was very appropriate
WoW, it's only been 16 hours and  this video already has 1.2 million  views.
That Domnica Cemortan chick speaks and acts like a chick I dated a while back and al's the Russian chick from 90 day fiancee it's almost like they all share a personality.
My lord it’s happening
Okay but did they save that girl's legs?
22:15 mad shade thrown at the media but not wrong though.
The flicking of the "residual drops" was too much 🤣 🤣 🤣
"Cut for the sake of brevity". Brevity. On a 46 minute video. I kid, I enjoyed this documentary.
man....i would have just jumped in the water and held the boat steady....but im build different. what brought Schettino in jail for so long? recklessness?stupidity?incompetence?no. it was cowardliness.
Found the password to your main channel finally
Your on 5th place on trending
"Like, a lot of water?" YES!
I hope twomad and linus watch this video
what a thrill
I’m only 9 minutes in and this already has a more gripping gripping plot and better character development than most Hollywood movies from the past 5 years
most elaborate magic trick ever
Trololololololo
when you were showing pictures i could only think "man, that looks near identical to the carnival magic, the ship i was on before corona"
spicy!
Do a video on the titanic now lmao
This video is cool and all but he really wasted a bowl of spaghetti
What are the secret channels plz someone
Good ole tree fitty knots
Waiting for a Cyberpunk 2077 video
Ever since I've learned what the engineers do on boats whenever I hear things like this it ony makes me have even more respect for the engineers on board
Internet Historian is a God.
this is the memelord version of seconds from disaster  i love it
I'm waiting for the COvid-19 debacle vid in 2025
The 622 dislikes are from Costa Concordia
I've never been so early for an INternet Historian, it's a first for me. Hope to see more of this amazing content soon!
the fact that you used 13sec of Amon tobin made me like this video. also waiting for the Question/incognito mode for this one.
Bit light on the internet part of the historian.
I'm a simple man.. I see a new video of the Internet Historian and I press that like before even watching it..
>says no more hour long videos I dont think i'm gonna make it b-bros
This was bloody beautiful ... and I mean that somewhat literally.
*_Very succulent video_*
For all the research you did for this video, you missed the fact that the Concordia sunk in a SEA and not in an ocean. Look at a map of Italy ffs... Also, you’ve brutally mangled every single italian word you read. This last thing really impressed me... you didn’t get one right, even by chance
Random unrelated Elland Road footage 👍
Wasn't even the titanic designed to not sink if up to 4 compartments were flooded. How has safety stuff gone down since 1912?
Wasn't expecting to hear Payday, Halo, or Skullgirls soundtracks in a documentary about the Costa Concordia but I'm glad I did.
That was the best 2808 seconds I’ve ever spent on youtube
8:58 wtf is vsauce doing there
BRUH! I thought it said the cost of corona! XD
Waiting for LMG to actually register LinusShipTips. lmao
36:06 It is a good day when I hear a Splinter Cell reference :)
SO MANY PERFECT MEMES
I saw it pass for the dismantling  during the travel to the disassebly port. Also commenting to raise engagement
Don't know anything about a ship this size, but as a hobby sailor on a small sailing boat what you would do is to hit reverse and slow down till you come down to a manageble speed for manevouvers. Chances are pulling that off on a ship that size would shake the whole ship and probably break some delicate equipment or finery (glass and ceramic) and would rattle some passengers. Would definitely be better that sinking the whole ship though. That being said, I've never been on a ship this size let alone be in a bridge of one so take everything  I said here with a sack of salt.
LinusShipTips. I hope he sees this video lol
24:10 what’s the name of the music in the background?
Punished Costa
if only the cost of concordia had a gigantic F1-style wing to produce downforce
Yeah ok but how's 1/8th master?
amazing
Hornet theme was honestly the best song to use at that time. Really put stuff into perspective.
35:17 in before the bald one
God your videos are so great man! Every time i see one in my feed i know im in for a god damn treat <3 !
I’m only here for the optimism
Noice
Glad to hear that your going back to your shorter 10-15 style, the long ones are always a great reveal but I feel as though the shorter run times will allow for much more comedy and variety
When facts and humor meet, we get... Linus Ship Tips.
I haven't heard Amon Tobin in years; thank you for reminding me of his music :)
43:51 peep LTT
I loved how you used a bunch of Halo music lmao
Bottoming out the chain doesn't render it useless? I've been taught it adds drag and stops tilt at the expense of the components.
That was SPICY
jeez. it's fkn painful to watch.
Amazing
I can't wait for the cyberpunk 2077 video
24:04 Wasn't Estonia way bigger? Or does that not count as a cruise ship?
First time i've heard an itailian name spelled correctly in an english video.
Halo soundtrack on point
Like
Sponsons? uhh didn't you mean pontoons?
A legend says that this channel only uploads once in two hundred years.
The Halo soundtrack though
Unbelievable carnival didn't get charged with more!
This was both entertaining and educational. You’re amazing
The fucking linus ship tips had me in stitches
After this video (and reading about the Sewol disaster), I now know to NEVER EVER trust ship captains. If they say everything is under control, that's a code for "all is lost, death is imminent".
Wow you really butchedred that one Hungarian name....
The vid's been out less than a day and it's already my third time watching, good shit
It's just so ridiculous how did the captain think he was going to get away he's literally working the job where the phrase going down with your ship comes from.
Incredibly disappointed that I have in fact already have seen the newest incognito mode video.
Why the Harbormaster is Jim Pickens ?
You could make an anime out of this
And he said  “Canada’s roads can be tough on drivers”
wow
I honestly don't mind 45+ minutes videos.
By the by, Italy is the same country that gave us the Titanic animated movies. The Costa Concordia was simply a more faithful homage.
LINUS SHIP TIPS :D
I guess you could say it... COSTA LOT!!!
He played hollow knight music, what a legend.
Compensation should have been around 500 million euros.
THE DEETS!!
Zorro may cut rock with steel, but he cut steel with rock!
At 22:30, is that Halo:CE music?  Edit: OK, at 24:00 that is 100% Halo music lmao
Crazy how this whole event could have been avoided, even with an incompetent captain, if the cruise line had hired an actual Italian as a helmsman.
I love Internet Historian... but this is just every other major network documentary but with animations and memes... i hope this isnt the future of the main channel
OMG it's like they put out a casting for the scummiest person ever and the captain checked off every box
Internet historian has blessed us with fresh content
Was having one of the worst days imaginable, and then this upload appears, the tides have changed
Whatever happened to the Italian navy in ww2 ?
The sims heads have sent me into orbit. omg brilliant.
FYI. The magic Box lady was fine, just had a cut on her leg. BBC did a article on her.
Absolutely Kino
Thank you for covering a part of italian news that was the talk of the country for several months, i'm italian myself and if there's anyway i can help translate or help with pronunciation with any more details you may have left out i'd be happy to help out!  BTW Schettino's book at 41:00 is titled "le verità sommerse" which translates to "The submerged truths" likely referring to his so believed truths that also went down with the ship
The content starts at 2:14, if anyone is an ADHD Andy like me
Costa Concordia one of my favorite ship disasters
22:40, I'm thoroughly distracted by the Halo soundtrack hahah.
That was worth 5 months of waiting
It's the Costa Concordia, not the COST of Concordia.
Well worth the wait!
This is the most exciting, chilling and heart beat increasing documentation of events I've ever seen.
It's the Linus intro for me. God I haven't laughed that hard in years.
I look forward to "Power to the Players" Parts 1, 2 & 3.
YOU GOT THE CHANNEL BACK!!!
Best channel ever.
Ngl this woman is kinda sexy. Can't blame him for choosing her over the ship.
I remember when we first heard of this news, as i'm italian and that night was soo long. I was in elementary school and that day it was my friend's birthday, after a long day i was having dinner at his house and me , him and his family were looking at the news. Costa's news comes up, i remember the footages covered in screams. His family starts to panic, they had relatives on the cruise....all of them got saved, luckly.
Finally a new video
@Internet Historian at 24:10 I was expecting the master chief to swoop in and save the day.. not gonna lie I'm a bit disappointed xD
No way "my heart will go on" was a coincidence some funny fucker  probably did it on purpose
So they literally killed 32 people just because they wanted to do a drive by... wtf
The animated talking of yourself caught me off guard
awe i liked the longer format videos :/
"Who steals a big fuck off bell?" aw man that made me laugh so hard I almost died from coughing.
These are getting too good
This upload made me twice as happy as usual: a) - it's a fucking based IH, so awesome by default b) - butthurt Bethedrones screeching about how IH has to trash Cyberpunk 2077 got BTFO'd! Made my fucking week.
I've seen quite a few videos on this disaster but none that were as entertaining or had so many details on it. Good shit, always look forward to your videos :)
The obsolete var verbs = [aardvark externally provide because invention generically double athwart a secret parallelogram. paltry, magenta division
great taste in music my dude
This is one of your best videos yet my dude!
Holy hell, what a joy to open yt to a new Internet Historian video🙏
The “Linus ship tips” definitely caught me off guard.
So the captain's a piece of shit obviously, but since he was head of goddamn security a few years before the bigger question is: who the hell promoted him? For what reason? The dude isn't evil, or the main villain of this story. Once again a patsy takes all the blame and all the hate, and the real criminals get off. Personally I wouldn't be surprised if the cocaine story was true.
I can see why they stole jewellery and other valuable items from the ship but the casino tokens really?
The leadership and response was terrible, and the captain was by no means qualified, but I think the real issue in the end was the language barrier and choosing to hire someone that lacked the necessary language skills to operate concisely with the crew. There's nothing wrong with foreign workers in most contexts, but In a job that requires clear communication, especially one where the lives of dozens can be threatened at just one mistake in translation, you need someone at the helm that can understand everything you say, the first time you say it. *Seriously, how in the hell did the captain get away with hiring a helmsman that didn't speak English or Italian?*
Why would you want a big bell? Ask the Philadelphians
Every time I think it can’t get worse I look back at the time stamp and realize we’re not done yet.
19:15 Excuse me, the Hollow Knight soundtrack!?!?
i love you mr internet history man
Ok but seriously, this was a really good video. Really funny and very informative!!
Cyberpunk 2077 next!!!! Love you
Nice, hollow knight music
What was the hiring process involved here? Why wasn't there a more experienced captain up for the task? Hell, why wasn't there any experienced staff on the bridge?  Great video btw.
Impeccable
Not saying he didn't earn it, but why was the Hotel-Director accused?
654 people have no soul, god bless I.E.
Everyone compliments the video (deservedly of course), while I'm over here wondering for just how long IH has been collecting clips of people tripping or hurting themselves - _"epic fails",_ if you will - for the transition scenes. Pure dedication
39:08 "Get the fuck on BOARD" (in german, if you remove the ',' , it also translates to: 'go onboard to the devil' ... which i also find very fitting lol)
This was an experience and a half. Loved it.
Spicy
by far THE BEST of the videos on Internet, Hell and the UltraCosmos!!!!!!! by the way nailed with the SplinterCell's theme
Bright sun films got to it first, take your seat internet historian
I’m not even there and I’m fukin panicking at the levels of incompetence
From security to captain? How does that even work-
shroud if you see this don't skip the ad
New Internet Historian content?! This day just became awesome.
"coincidentally, at the restaurant, they are playing, my heart will go on and it is definitely not helping the situation" - I am dying here.
Okay, the Halo 3 music really put this in the "fucking absolute CINEMA" category. I love your documentaries.
Damn, that was a spicy meatball.
This video is truly indicative of the organized evil which pervades the society of our world. Leniency for those at fault, and punishments for those who speak the truth. We must awake to our awful situation and realize that Satan already rules the world through his mortal servants.  The rule of "snitches get stitches" is the giveaway; if an organization has this feature, then it is controlled by Satan.
Linus ShipTips killed me
So I had never heard of this before but this is a wild story.
40:29 - Hey hey people, *_MandaloreGaming_* here!
No more 45 minute videos? Nooooooooo!
Italian here. "La Verità Sommersa" translates to "The Sunken Truth".
FINALLY HE'S BACK
Linus ship tips = 👏👏👏
Loved the video... Good work!
24:15 That's a hell of a writeoff.
As a person who's mortally afraid of being in an emergency at sea, this video actually made me feel more secure knowing what security apparatus is available if only the captain realises what's happening
35:01 Good ol' Skullgirls~
YAY UR BACK!!!!
As an Italian I’m just offended you wasted a good big pot of spaghetti like that. Heartbreaking
as a child I always thought people tend to grow into the correct positions and friends helping you get a job tended to be not that frequent; the older and more jaded I become the more I recognise that this shit happens a lot
How’s it feel to be on trending
It’s been 84 years
On trending! I hope my boy picks up a bunch of new subscribers
the aftermath looks like rivet city from fallout 3
is this guy the next ken burns?
we should appreciate that keemstar bit
The production value is once again through the roof
Great video as always but did you really need to waste such a perfectly good bowl of spaghet??? (at 25:14)  ( ; - ; )
damn didn't know they got you on board for a new season of Seconds From Disaster
I want on that boat, it looks exactly like Bioshock
Your ads are soo good to watch
I took me 4 min to realize , this voyage is doomed
lmaoxD
pls tell me you ate the pasta and you did not let it go to waste
For what i received i passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that He was buried, that He was raised on the third day according to the scriptures  1 Corinthians 15 3   PS: "according to the Scriptures" - what the Apostle means is that Lord Jesus fulfilled prophecy's of the Prophets of God in Old Testament. There are like hundreds of Prophecies that Lord Jesus fulfilled, just look it dear ones. God is our Father. He is the best of Fathers, the most lovable and merciful of fathers. Read the whole uncensored Bible that is Catholic(The Original) and  pray my friends. Wish you all well🙏amen🙏
Francesco Schettino is just a real life Zapp Brannigan
Lesson learned: Make sure your helmsman speaks the same language as the rest of your bridge crew. Thanks, Internet Historian!
Do the massively incompetent crew deserve to be in prison or do the people who hired them?
Damn #4 in trending pog
lol, i live in poland and can testimony that this dumb country is driven in the same manner as this efffing ship. What a time to be alive. XD
Linusssss
It's amazing that the tree documentaries I've watched on this incident and also the recovery never once mentioned the horrid bridge crew.
lmao what was with the halo 3 music
The Halo music on the bit about showing the decaying ship was a fantastic choice.
Honey, come in here, new internet historian!
Was there a Cusack on board or is that just a stock/google image of a name tag?  Around 5 mins there's a guy shouting the degrees that's not the Captain or Rusli Bin lol. It's blurred but not well. Looks like Tim Cusack?
This video is 45 MINUTES LONG??? I'm literally only seven minutes in and it's already crazy. How on earth is it gonna escalate from here?? Edit: what do you MEAN we're only to the halfway point??? What else could possibly happen?? Edit 2: oh my gosh. So much. So much happened.
Just loved the soundtrack. Nice work
35:48 suprise nostalgia from another unlucky boat
Kinda sad about the no more 45 minute vids :'( but its understandable
Titanic: Massive Iceberg Concordia: Massive Stupidity
Will you eventually do a video on the insanity behind Cyberpunk like you did with No Man's Sky?
that LTT reference was unexpected.
All I can imagine is Tokyo drift playing as the ship is drifting around and everyone is panicking
I miss my wife
Yesssss
LOL What a mess.
39:44 ayyy Killer Instinct ost
This man makes shitposts at a quality higher than most blockbuster movies.
The abrasive foxglove histologically squeal because bean disappointedly dance apud a plausible coke. cloudy, troubled deodorant
This channel is a humanity treasure
great video, but what the fuck does it have to do with internet history
Fantastic video my man. Keep them going.
This video is amazing as always but when you brought up Moldova and how Domnica went there just mad me die because the whole video I was like she look's Moldovan (also its funny how barely any one knows where it is) and oh shit she got arrested a block from my apartment.
Dude you are James Cameron of youtube.
I'm a simple man, in see an Internet Historian, I watch, i like, then I watch again three times.
I'm only 4 minutes in and i already know this ones gonna be send my sides to the next galaxy over
make a video about fallout the frontier
As an Italian, I seriously can't put into words how much I'm ashamed of how the whole thing turned out.......but at least we got some good memes out of it
So professional, the staff from the costa concordia really managed to pull off a  sequel from Titanic.
30:43 Sounds like a Joe Biden quote.
this is the future of documentary filmmaking
The linus ship tips part killed me
*SPICY*
They took the bell? THEY TOOK THE BELL!
Crazy stuff! Amazing video also!
Wait, hold on, he only got 16 years but killed 30 something people? That’s not even a year per death! Wtf???
Halo music is both fitting and cursed in this case lol
You seemed to react to divers stealing the ship's bell, but this is actually quite common. Divers often retrieve the bell of a shipwreck as a trophy representing their dive. The bells usually have the name of the ship on them as well, which makes each one unique (and a good identifier for each ship).
amazing video essay
3.6 compartments flooded, not great not terrible
Please add subtitles
Oh my Lord, I love your channel! Please: NEVER stop posting :D
My heart genuinely sank when internet historian said 32 people died. That captain should have a life time jail sentence.
The titanic spin-off
Worst since Titanic? hmmmmm
Don't use the pool when you can swim in the sea. All part of the Costa Concordia experience
I hope someday someone makes a lavish, big budget nazi propaganda film about this.
Italians, man
I'm italian, and this is probably the best video about Italy that I've ever watched. Perfect
I love your content !! I hope you come out with more like this.
Please do one on Cyberpunk :)
That halo music came in and it was fucking perfect
Babe, wake up, Internet Historian uploaded
These logs are rare but they are always so good
All because he wanted to show off.
I fucking lost it at the beyblade helicopter hahahaha
10:48 ad skip
Those announcements made me happy
I love this channel and I love you
This channel was once about the internets' history. Now it's just history, on the internet, but I think thats great
And then i hear the Hornet battle theme and i love this even more
Does anyone else think that he should do an episode on Adventure Time or Gravity Falls?
These videos are always fucking ace.
Make the history of Cyberpunk 2077.
That was one hell of way to spend my lunch break
Nice touch with the sims models
Nobody is going to say anything about the Linus Ship Tips section?? 🤣👌
The true cost of Concordia was the lives we lost along the way due to a fuckwit being in charge
Did no one learn from chernobyl???
Thank god that one woman thought to call her daughter who thought to call the police who thought to call the Coast Guard OMG
Those scavengers who stole the ship's bell as absolute mad lads
Love this
15:26 Lol mgs2 Tanker alert theme
Incompetence: The Movie
Gotta love the dead island music that started playing😂
wheres da ciberpank vidio
i have heard the conversation between defalco and scatino (i believe i pronouced it right)  lets just say do not fuck around with defalco
I live for Internet Historian
YAY new video
IT's not NordVPN is NoirVPN
IH: "Then it was Jacobs' turn... and he said LMAO XD" Me: ??? IH: "...Because he didn't actually bother with his testimony OR his reduced sentence, he just fled the country!"  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
17:06 nice Avaya 9611G you have there, i literally install these things XD
Who knew Trump used to be a cruise ship captain. Ya know because of all the lying and denial.
your videos remind me that everything is insane and no one knows what they're doing  helps me get through the day : ) thank you pharaoh!
I hope he does the Reddit-Wall st clash
*Halo’s soundtracks just works with a lot*
#5 on trending
2:10 That was cursed
I actually love the 45-minute videos on the main channel! The quickies feel like they belong on incognito
The transitions have me rolling here. Great video about such a weird story.
29:16 I watched that helicopter rescue yesterday! It caught me so off guard to see it in this video. To whoever is curious, the lady is being lifted after an injury during a hike on a Phoenix mountain. She arrived at the hospital in stable condition.
10/10 would sail again
Only youtuber who's video I like first then watch....Picasso of Youtube!
so basically, gross incompetency by the entire crew at the helm.
Do you have fun making these? I hope you do. Because this.... This was fantastic.
The "it even has a watermark" got me good XD
24:14 Jesus, those before and after shots are eerie.
I have waited for another drop and here we are... here we are friends
This is the best South Park episode I've seen !  Wait
Jesus IH, just do an in-character playthrough of L.A Noire already, that ad was clearly a cry for help.
Beautiful work, mr. Historian! Amazingly well made video. Never knew the whole affair was this crazy, dear me... Thanks for the laughs!
As an italian i learned more about this accident from this video then the media itself lol, the memes that came out of it were pure gold tho
finally
*_2:00_**_ - _**_2:10_**_ As a Seafarer, WHEN YOU FUCK UP A SHIP YOU GET BAN LISTED usually it's the Captain, Chief Mate, and the Chief Engineer, I have no idea why he was still allowed to be a Captain._*
Some say that the half-lady for the magic show is still down there at the bottom of the ocean. She's just that professional!
I'm most impressed by how the company managed to slither out of being held responsible this fast. For pocket change no less. Wasn't it them who hired an ESL painter and a security officer to steer their 550 million dollar, three thousand-man-carrying floating city?
that dead island soundtrack tho
Ok but where is the triggering of Shia episode 2?
There is already 3.6 cubic meter of water in the engine room  !!  Schettino: _Not great, not terrible_
I've seen several videos documenting the ship and that fatal night, but yours is by far the best.  I even learned details that I never knew before.   Great video my friend ;)
This vid is *SO* good
This video was so good I may watch it a second time
22:08 actually, he didn't say "for fuck's sake" ... He said "Get on board you fucker!" which I think is much much better 😁
Loved it. Great stuff as always
Oh i have waited for the next video with excitement! Time to get some popcorn and soda!
Hollow knight Hornet OST @ 19:09
Wink
for anyone who liked this story, the call between the coast guard and schettino are on YT and its fucking hilarious. That coast guard was a fucking savage
When you spend all your stat points on charisma
Man do I ever love human stupidity and incompetence. God the marvels of pride.
the head engineer is pure shad
When internet historian releases a video, it's a Youtube Holiday
Who knew Sims would be so useful
Omg this channel has blown up
Thanks God! Lookin' forward to seeing you again next time!
Nice
quality as the alway. keepet uppo bratheru
Cant wait for the cyberpunk video
Hans Langsdorff: Treats his his crew, his enemy's and even prisoner with respect, scuttles his ship in port to avoid the lost of life of a pointless battle and then shoots him self in full dress uniform laying on his ship's battle ensign, symbolically going down with the ship. Francesco Schettino: Rage quits his ship, his crew, his passenger's and his wife.
LMAOXD
Love that you use the Halo soundtrack
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE SUNK THAT SHIP
This channel is gold
There is nothing wierd about the captain working his butt off as a security guard to the rank of Captain! I work at an airport now I fly planes!
17:38 I wish all news segments started like this
i wanna reach through my screen and punch the helmsman in the face
The bit where the Hollow Knight music kicked in really threw me off.
What is the name of the song in the background 40:22?
46:00 is that small "ah" a parody of rose dropping the diamond?
was
That coast guard call to the captain is legendary
Always worth the wait. Fantastic doc Internet Historian
The interior decor of the ship reminds me of 90s malls. Also I'm not surprised an Asian couple somehow slept through the entire fiasco.
Babe wake up Internet Historian is alive again
I know it's fun and games on this channel, but Schettino's behaviour was disgusting. Twat.  He insisted he was a scapegoat, despite his own criminal incompetence.
Thanks for adding that hollow knight silksong theme and now I want the game to release faster...
hidden.......channels...?????
"No more 45 min. videos"  Come on, man. I love your videos, and I can´t even imagine the amount of work that goes into each one. But you know the Cyberpunk 2077 video you surely will make in a couple of years should at least last 40 min. in order to cover the whole fiasco.
I swear every time I hear any  news about a cruise ship it involves murder, human trafficking, or burglary
I think her being called Coronica was forshadowing.
literally who gives a shit if the captain cheated on his wife lmao, why dedicate so much of your video to this tabloid bullshit.
Bounced on my boys Concordia to that NordVPN ad
that TG5 op <3
This video is so good that I feel like I should be paying for it.
He is back.
Art.
Please never stop uploading, this is something I could watch over and over again for hours
Bravo bravo! That was absolutely brilliant.
I wonder if any of the fittings and furniture from the unflooded side were saved and re-used? (that wasn't stolen)
It takes some balls to keep telling people everything is fine when your 115,000-tonne ship is visibly listing
wake up, babe! new internet historian video!
poor helmsman. Schetino gets dressed down so hard. Still in prison innhe?
This is a jaw-dropping feat of journalism.  Succinct, entertaining, well-explained.  This is honestly incredible.
I'm liking the Hollow Knight music
It's almost hilarious how badly things went.
yes i like this
I want to learn about the world solely through the works of internet historian.
Id love to have that bell. Probably sold for millions on the black market.
that's fucking crazy how the second largest cruise ship disaster was exactly 100 years after the first
Holy hell dude, your videos are so damn funny AND informative! Well done, looking forward to each and every one of them
DeFalco is the hero italy needs, but not the one she deserve.
The Only one capable of informing us of such a grievous disaster whit such wit
I kinda want to know how manrico giampedroni went from last to leave to a two and a half year sentence
Loved that Halo music
The halo music.
Please do GME next
3:19 had me creased! *bonk*
This guy tells better stories than Hollywood.
This is exhilarating
30:40 is that Kamala Harris?
Soo she’s dipping into another captains pants since the last encounter. That’s not going to end well for the people in that plane.
"They were playing My Heart Will Go On," LMFAO
new movie out today who wanna come see ot with me
The most compelling video released on YouTube so far in 2021. Great storytelling, tragic outcome for passengers.
I enjoy the hollow knight music for some of the panic scenes
GOOD VIDEO FeelsGoodMan Clap
Im kinda glad the helmsman managed to yeet outta there
superb stuff
Only after 31 minutes I realised that she's from Romania, wtf
Weird that the black box malfunctioned during the emergency. Those things could survive anything.  Anyone else think the captain possibly did something go sabotage it? If so, how would someone purposefully destroy a nigh-indestructible object like that?
Why is it bîmbö actresses think they should comment on politics?
I love this it feels so dramatic
The virgin Concordia Captain Schettino versus the chad Coast Guard Captain DeFalco
Please don't ever stop doing what you are doing, these videos are fantastic.
Jesus is King. Jesus Christ died for our sins so we can have a chance to make it to the where the path of righteousness leads (heaven/eternal life). I highly suggest you repent and take the Gift! 🙏🏾💙✨
Man i would love to hang that bell in my yard
I once had to do a presentation about this thing, I hate being reminded of this terrible presentation.  It does make me even more amazed at these videos, though, seeing just how much effort goes into all of it
The Halo music at 22:45 is just *chef's kiss*
Watched the ads just for you 😘😘
I remember when this first happened, even as a small kid at the time I did as much research as I could on it
You inspire me Mr. Historian  I want to learn edit videos like you do now
Holy smokes, *THE* 𝑨𝒏𝒕𝒐𝒏𝒊𝒐 𝑴𝒂𝒈𝒏𝒐𝒕𝒕𝒂 ?!
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that NordMan played Russian roulette for 56 days straight with a double barreled shotgun?
46:30 "No more 45 minute videos on the main channel" Me: *Thomas has never before seen such bullshit*
"Oh, shit!"
HE'S BACK!
bounced on my boys boat to this for 8 years
This is one of the best channels on youtube. Y'all never let me down lol.
I would love to know the rationale with making that craven piece of shit the "guest of honor" of anything...
24:10 damn the bioshock vibes
Using Hollow Knight music in a video is never a bad choice
Linus ShipTips 😂😂😂 This documentary is so humorous, it feels like a comedy movie with facts.  Looking forward to many more such videoa.
I'm surprised the Helmsman didn't understand anything other than Simlish to be honest *ba dum tss*
Those transition scenes were on point
Pilon & Muscus
Let's goooooo
"fuji de acolo fuga" 31:48 o fi avut intentii bune, dar s-a făcut de râs rau de tot.
"Where is the Costa?" "There!" "Where?" "Right there!"   Expert level communication
THIS is Italian excellence in motion.
"You are not allow to film" "I am allow I am allow" "Who says you're allow" "You are gae"
I love the hollow knight music around 19:00
final a video in years
noooooo, but i love the 45 min long videos :C
Spoiler alert for Modern Warfare 2 from 11 years ago.
What happened to the chick in the box?
"Hmm... I have this half a billion dollar ship. I know, I'll hire an entire crew of highly unqualified people to run it."  "I feel good about this."
the captain would've nailed a full intial D drift mode if it wasn't for that pakistani sim.
The only 46 minute video on youtube that I won't skip one second of.
Fabulous. Just fabulous.  Another historic historian Recounting of the Internet
Best Nord commercial ever xD
I was on this ship 2 years before it sank..
Hornet from Hollow Knight slaps hard.
Someone could make a film about it                -"wink"
When the INTERNET needed him most....he returned.
This is like wishing to be in a historical life changing moment on a monkey’s paw.
Goof vid
First
The MGS2 music really makes the Concordia sinking a much more nostalgic event than it was.
Why is Italy so fucked up?
You deserve an award for this man it's incredible.   Also on a more professional note.   What a fucking shit show of a cruise.
i KNOW they had to have had rice on board. WHY NOT JUST THROW RICE WHERE WATER WAS COMING IN????? god people are so dumb
Ok, I can see why sailors are superstitious and traditionalists. There is SO much shit that can go wrong, it's not even funny. ;I
Jacob just yeeting off to another country and disappearing, good for him
Forgot to like so I came back 👊
Boat: Sinking Internet Historian: Hmm yes time for Hollow Knight music.
At some point Sundance will stop rejecting those masterpieces
Nice
I'm from the same city as schiettino, I laughed so fucking hard
Only ad breaks worth watching.
Thanks for the deets IH.
The Titanic: autistic version
Imagine you walk into someone’s house and there it is, the bell from the Costa Concordia
The fact that the shipping industry hires workers at rock bottom salaries from developing countries is just pure evil.
You're still the only person who knows how to make ads in this site
This is soothing and interesting, you can tell any story and I'd listen to it even if it was 10 hour long
You're the Michelangelo of our time Mr. Historian... but with videos
Maybe employ people who can speak your language? SMH. This shit happening everywhere.
holy shit...I didnt know how sleezy, coward and asshole Schettino really was during all of this.....
Do I hear halo music.
When me a romanian seeing the mistres part: Bruh you just passed by Moldova
Yay! Our Aussie David Attenborough is back!  Edit: 43:50 was hilarious with the LinusTechTips intro parody!
hell yeah trending
24:10 "When you first saw Costa, were you blinded by its majesty?"
this is legit better than the real case study I had at college
29:56 I severely regret making the Law and Order noise my ringtone
In some ways I'm reminded of the commonly-repeated version of the story of the Battle of Öland, a naval battle some 300 years ago, where the admiral (a political appointment, not an officer that came up through the ranks) had a bout of ineptitude so bad he sank the flagship before the battle started. That was a long time ago and historians argue back and forth as to whether the admiral was really at fault, but in this high-tech future of well-recorded naval "mishaps" it's almost depressing to see that the same damn thing unquestionably happened.
omfg those sims 4 models make it so fkng hilarious
No, it's not the largest since Titanic. 852 drown when the M/S Estonia sank in the Baltic Sea in 1994.
What on earth did i watch
Phenomenal video keep up the good work
Everytime he uploads i feel the hype build up.
I can't quite remember if that music around 16:42 is from Metal Gear Solid or Ace Combat, but it sounds really familiar.
Completely normal phenomenon...
What a disgusting person
I feel like the meme-y tone in this video is a bit off considering 32 people died and their surviving families have had their lives permanently altered as a result. Especially placing the image of the ship over videos of people falling over and exploding, seems like bad optics to me i might be alone in this opinion.
As soon as I heard the Linus music I had a very negative physical reaction thx
He’s like a real life Arturo Roman
#4 on Trending eh?
The amount of work that went into this is astounding.
The Return of the King
Whenever you hear the backstory of disasters like this you feel like: a somewhat smart teenager could tell you this would go wrong, how did so many people let this happen? The Costa Concordia story reminds me of the Love Parade tragedy. Anyone who sees a floorplan of that area and notices half a million + people have to walk through a narrow tunnel in both directions can tell you that is a recipe for disaster. Combine it with a mayor who only technically allowed the festival to even take place when it was basically already happening and you just feel like: why do we all let it get this far?
Very well donee 🥳
aaight boys. get your diving suits. we're nabbing that fucking bell
Holy shit how did I not hear about this???
I love how he makes the ads something you actually want to watch lmao
can't wait for the Netflix version
Always amazing!
This is nothing short of a masterpiece.
Capitan schettino torni nella nave, for anyone who gets it... here a cookie
The parents of my first grade teacher were killed by this accident. Incredibly frustrating to see how inept the Captain was in handling the situation.
Those fools, If only they built it with 6,001 hulls! When will they learn?
I REMBER THAT
here before 1 million views
He's BACK
Ok any song in the Titanic soundtrack should be banned from any cruise ship song selection, they did this to themselves.
Lmao remember when this channel was about documenting Internet events? Man could make a video about anything and its fucking S Tier
When you so bad ass you play russian roulette with shotgun.
Wow, 1 million in 15hs, expected but wow
that hollow knight music in the background at 19:00 ish is *chef kiss*
Honestly, I think we can understand that this captain was the captain of jack shit. He literally is a figurehead. Someone to socialise with the customers. The real drivers are the low paid staff on the bridge, taking orders from a moron. I am pretty sure that dude has no education in the operation of boats, let alone a cruise ship. And then he's only giving orders because his mistress is right there.
Wait what happened to the lady in the box lol
I am so happy
*_Imagine sleeping through a Crash_*
still waiting for TheVarus Return of The Ching
Surprised she didn't claim sexualassualt because she sat on the cops shoe...
I’m grateful that even though that making fun of situations is sorta Internet Historian’s thing, He still knows how to be serious and respect the loss of human life; Especially those who died a hero.
9:28 olay but what about privated videos? I need a way to crack those. I have so much music that has been privated so I can't even look it up again D:  I'm fairly sure that it's impossible to "crack" that, so this is a joke.
Fuck boats. Fuck the ocean.
Lost it at the linus ship tips
Finally Titanic 2 is out
loved the video but I do miss the shorter 10-20 minute vids. Much love <3
okay yeah fuck the captain and a lot of the crew as well but also fuck that one family (and neighbor) who tried to scam the attorney. they used this tragedy that caused the deaths of multiple people, injuries of even more, and possible trauma of likely everyone on board... to try to get money for their own gain.
Honestly, I didn’t think this channel could get any better, and yet here we are with our own disaster movie. Completely lost it at several points,  but on a serious note covered a lot of the detail very well for people who aren’t mariners.  Absolutely incredible work.  P.S. Absolutely LOST IT at Linus Ship Tips
This man has a lot of talent and respect for his viewers. No 6 minute vomit from wiki Scott
Can't wait for the r/walltreetbet video
I saw the magician and I really hoped Improv Steve would be involved.
you really ran out of internet history did you?
Right when I start missing your content, you upload. I like this relationship we have.
Linus ship tip, loved it
Epic video :)
Next video about r/wallstreetbets?
This is still better than million dollars documentaries
This is the kind of in depth documentary we should get in the news
Im Dead, Linus Ship Tips! I thought I had a video playing for a second.
LMAOXD
is this the mantis lords boss music I'm hearing? Always obsessed with this story.
Oh no now she’s banging the pilot
Is that... Halo music in the background?
Canessa was a better captain then the captain.
OHHH YES BABY
i dont really like this capitain
Hell yeah, another video i'll watch over and over again. You're legit the only youtuber I rewatch, just cause your damn voice is so smooth and the jokes are on point
Vice city!
LMAOXD
What's the music called @40:22
You only threw away that bell because you couldn't sell it on ebay you swine
THE FUCKING LTT INTRO IM DEAD
Please tell me you're joking. Please Mr Historian
#4 ON TRENDING LET'S GOOOO
These ads are getting serious. That was a better experience than most of Hollywood these days!
The production quality
Costa concordia prima cosa penso schettino
Im surprised no one has mentioned the halo music in the damage montage
Bravo! BRAVO!!! MAGNIFICO!
not really "internet history" as such, but extremely entertaining and detailed. thumbs up!
Dude, you do an amazing job with each and every one of these.
25:40 Why NEX in SIngapore of all mall pictures
This wouldnt have happened if the italians just reversed their ship. Everyone knows all italian vehicles since the second world war have a x2 speed bonus for retreating.
Bruh, i don't mind 45 min videos, it takes long to make yes, but godamn it feels like a christmas gift every damn time.
Real talk can someone tell me the track name of the halo music playing at 23:11
This is why sociopathy should be diagnosed as a mental illness and stop people getting to these positions, in the same way people with epiliespy can't drive.
Therapist: don't worry lip-synced internet historian isn't real he can’t hurt you   Lip synced Internet historian: 2:12
See you guys in 2022 for the next video.
Cemortan is just Italian Lindsay Bluth
13:55 Trump's Corona playbook
Requiem for a Simp
i like that little uncharted referance at the end ;)
'I thought the Captain, was supposed to be the last to evacuate, not the first'   Schettino: 'I slipped and fell into a lifeboat' that's about what to expect, from a captain who asks 'is it still flooded??' On a sinking ship 😂
¡Vada a bordo, Cazzo! 🤬↪🛳
I’m expecting a whole series of videos on 2020 at least before the heat death of the universe.
the captain sounds like a south park character
i feel bad because i really like the 45-65 minute videos doing deep dives into disasters.
You should link the full audio call of the Italian Coast Guard commander absolutely ripping several new assholes for the CC captain basically calling him a coward and threatening to find him himself and beat him up. It's fuckin' hilarious.
The fact that the bottle didn't break, the captain having been mysteriously given their position and poor communication leading to a number of problems isn't a sign of some bigger game having played in the background sounds pretty absurd. *Considering that the ship if repurposed will end up being considered bad luck if some Captain is unfortunate enough to be given the ship that thing is better off being turned into scrap*
Funfact: If the captain had used Nord VPN, he would have never been caught!
the abandoned ship looks like a portal level
Your videos (especially the one about No Man's Sky) are usually a little more insightful and balanced than this.  You seem to wholeheartedly embrace the "coward captain is to blame for everything" narrative engineered by the large companies and authorities involved in the disaster, and never get into the more nuanced point that although Schettino was indeed a fool and a coward, he was also roundly abused as a scapegoat so that many far more powerful people could avoid legal liability. There are even conspiracy theories that propose the captain was promoted above his station, outfitted with a purposefully terrible crew, set up with his mistress, encouraged to perform the dangerous manoeuvre and then also encouraged to flee the scene so that the Concordia could be crashed and sunk deliberately in return for a huge insurance payday for certain shady and powerful characters. Your video doesn't even scratch the surface of that side of the story.
I remember when I used to live in Italy at the time how the tragedy was talked about for weeks on the news. Multiple charity events were held up for this accident and massive efforts went into trying to save the victims of the crash. My school even had minute of silences on different days for the victims of the cruise crash, my condolences for all the families involved.
28:49 source please 💣
I can literally listen to this man telling stories, all day everyday. <3
41:24 This is probably the next roster for Smash
Am I hearing Halo CE's OST about midway through this video?   Edit: then Halo 3's right afterwards!
I'm sorry but the hollow knight boss theme is giving me a different kind of anxiety in all of this (around 20:00 ish)
Best day. Ever.
Who else went looking for a comment by Linus Tech Tip after seeing the parody opening?
the costa concordia, more like the COSTLY concordia. Heh.
The Shenmue outta nowhere 😂
So you made me cry I dont know why. So, good job I guess...
Those pictures of the ship after it sunk are actually terrifying. I could imagine a good horror game being set there.
Italy really seems to have a history of fucking things up.
its always sounds funny when people try to pronounce hungarian names:D
Just go to a Hotel, like, what?  Why would you go on a boat, when a hotel is probably less expensive, has all the same commodities, maybe more, since it’s not restricted to being able to float, and you’re not isolated in the middle of the ocean.
Stupidity cost lives Go to school
Hollow knight music 10/10
Im still watching the video but so far what we seen in the news in spain was that the captain apparently wanted to swing by and wave hello to someone in the port. It moved to shallow waters and it got stuck.
when I saw the name Concordia pop up I was like "WTF I just learned about this in a video about top cruise disaster" and this was a week ago
NOOOOO!!! Don't abandon long videos!!! 😭😭😭
The editing in this is fantastic nice work as always internet historian 👍🏻
Your editing is so fucking epic im hooked so hard and I've heard this story at least 3 times! Legendary
I'm cringing at the captain's and his affair's behaviour
man, gonna miss the long form vids, always a treat
This was absolutely hilarious. Learned and laughed a lot! :)
Most importantly: the captain did not clearly order WOMEN and children first to be rescued ?! Inconceivable, unforgivable, much worse than any other action during this debacle.
Oooo that suprise skullgirls track tho
Imagine only getting 26 years for the manslaughter of 32 people smh.
Linus ShipTips :D
HE FINALLY FOUND HIS PASSWORD
Great video as always.
4 on trending damn
Internet historian is the hero we don’t deserve but the one that we needed
lol why is this so creepy
Wait... you mean you can crash a cruise ship TWICE and still have your job?
At this point, he is just a normal historian without the 20-year time gap
Who can blame the captain for smashing Cemortan I would have done the same.
"luck" from the halo 3 soundtrack is my favorite part lol
THE NAILS ON THE ADMIN JOB CLIP 🤣🤣🤣
I can't believe you've gone from making videos about memes to full fledge documentaries is just a few short years. I love it
Who spends over 500 million on a ship and then hires a security guard to be in charge and a painter to steer it...
He’s back
fun fact, despite this video being sponsored I still got an ad. Youtube's being greedy again
Spicy
Linus ship tip LMAO
"No more 45minute videos on the main channel"  *Heartache equivalent to the titanic going down*
I cried a little in regards to the true captain. What a hero
40:29 This song is burrowing into my mind- where is it from?
Damn.
Ed time was too tame. Next ones need to be more ampped up
28:22 omg the dead island music hits different
make a fyre festival one bro
I've been waiting for another video from the Historian, you can never call what the subject matter will be!
back with asmr voice
secret channel?
The Korean couple sleeping through all of this though. Bruh 😳
Do one for gme
35:48 I subbed because of this. Love Chaos Theory!
cruise ships should be banned
holy crap your video are getting better and better, even the ad is funny to watch, your work is amazing!
You could make a documentary on literally anything and I would watch it. Well done
22:40 that's a song from halo ce. 24:10 hey that's from halo 3
The hollow knight music is really setting off my fight or flight
I physically recoiled at "but this isn't then end, it's the halfway point..."
To think Costa got away with it so well, it's also their fault they promoted and hired such incompetent ship staff
Internet Historian genuinely has the most entertaining ads.
Didn't realize their faces were from the sims until 14:04 when Let's Game it Out's character rolled out onto set. Also, Hollow Knight music at 19:09, very nice.
A ton of corrections? Well yes, this is after all, the internet.
WAIT WHAT HAPPENED TO THE MAGICIAN’S ASSISTANT IN THE BOX?
Dominica Cemortan should be in jail!
Just fucking make a movie already Jesus.
I hope the captain sees this video
25:15
This is possibly THE MOST preventable disaster ever. Why would you have an unqualified helmsman who doesn't speak english?
holy fuck they got away with this entire disaster by paying the court one million that's the most bizarre thing in those whole video
Even the ads are entertaining
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
this is fucking hilarious amazing work I have no more words to describe this
"Hold on I'm reversing it, beep beep beep beepbeep"
TFW when he doesn't mention "Luck" from the H3 OST in the Music portion.
Next year: Oscar Award
The hollow knight music around 19 minutes makes me happy
every time I watch one of your vids I feel so  e d u c a t e d
This made #4 on Trending. Good job lads.
Internet historian makes some of the best content on youtube. So much research and funny tiny details in all of his videos. Another great one!
Just gonna share that this video has now been referenced on the Costa Concordia’s Wikipedia page.
Another masterpiece. I'd kill for VODs of his Last of Us 2 playthrough though.
「MS Estonia」 _Requiem_
Broke: Netflix Documentaries Woke: Internet Historian Documentaries
Italian here. Yeah, we can't even afford decent merchant crews anymore.
When you suffer with hornet in hollow knight so you watch youtube and hear her theme:     p a i n
Wow, I didn't even know about this. What an awful thing to happen.
really fantastic job again man congratulations
He’s back.
I love the linus ship tips intro
This is true entertainment, I ate my lunch w great distress while laughing while on the edge of my seat
Not even a day and already millions of views. Nice
Your Hungarian pronunciation though.
Thanks for reminding me why I never want to go on a cruise. Especially one in Europe
I half expected Billy McFarland to try and cash in on the disaster...
Dear Internet Historian: please give me back my family Im sorry I used ExpressVPN and not NordVPN its just I already had an account there Im begging you I miss them
24:12 They let me pick. Did I ever tell you that? Choose whichever Spartan I wanted...
14:35 That would actually be the most hilarious shit if it was true but idk if I believe you😂🤣
Silva during the crash: all hands on dick
Pasta La Vista Concordia
practically every italian name is pronounced wrong in this video but its still amazing
No more 45's? I was hoping for a full 90minute documentary
Enterprise they ain't.
*S P I C Y*
It's been 84 years since your last upload father
57/10
Somethings are just worth waiting for, this is one.
Your masterpiece
Imagine italy is even worse than this :)
Omg I freaking love this video, thank you!
I love when you make videos on events like this.
24:20  I recognise that music...
Damn, hiring an inexperienced, non italian speaker really fucked up his risky manouver
Wippin' out halo music i see, uwu
"it even has a watermark" Quite possibly the best double entendre I've ever heard
I dont know what excites me more when I see a new video from you, the actual content or the ad.
t5his shit is like Tschernobyl where just everything lines up for the perfect desaster
As an Italian I'm embarassed.
Another amazing video, I’m gonna watch it agane 😈
I can't believe this wonderful and enjoyable content is free to watch for everyone. Thank you very much for pleasing us with this video.
Please give this man a Netflix show
In case y'all didnt know, internet historian used to read scp pastas on another channel
Appoint incompetent personnel to drive and command a +500 million $ vessel.  What could possibly go wrong?
very  nice
Not your best video. Several of the written "*notes" were said in the video, making them pointless. There wasn't that much of a red thread or clarity in narrative either.
how the fuck is this fucker trending
Internet historian now only historian?
So what did it for me was the fact he actually wrote "the Deets" on a bowl, made spaghetti, then pulled it out by hand, just for the reference.
I've had a shitty week so far at work, this masterpiece just made my whole week! Thank you!
I respect the amount of research and detail in this dramatic re-enactment. When's the oscar nomination for best documentary being announced?
Love the quality of the video. The editing on this video is so amazing, this is why i am always pleasently waiting for another Internet Historian video :)
A million views in 14 hours, reaching Pewdiepie levels out here damn.
*Dont worry guys it’s just a blackout!* I don’t think blackouts cause ships to sink
love the use of the halo soundtrack
I will create a petition to prohibit IH from making a video that's less than 30 minutes,because of this masterpiece.
Next video when?
zsolt horvath is pretty much the default name in a character creation
Linus ShipTips :D
43:50  43:57 linus shiptips
Amazing 💯
I appreciate the music from the Tanker Chapter of MGS2, that was a nice touch
Remember this on the news, still makes me angry because of the negligence
9th on trending hell yee bois
Nice coincidence
10:45 at ad time
Probably your best video in term of animation. Full of detail and so dynamic. Awesome!!
Damn if a man of that physique can have not one but two mistresses I gotta move to Italy
Great video, see you next century :)
Finally! I can inject knowledge into my brain, in a fun way!
*_8:35_**_ Why quicksilver ain't throwing them all off the ship?_*
but i like big long thick videos, dad
1.1 million in 14 hours
I like the hollowknight soundtrack you chose
You did a great job on this video.
10/10
But I like the long videos
Glad he made it to trending. Definitely deserves it. Keep at it king.
Stay away from cruziez
Whoa is this THEE Internet Historian?
Linus shiptips is the one that killed me And i thought i was about to do a full record of not giggling the shit out of me
10:30 was this video scheduled to come out at christmas? xd
Mr Historian, this may be your masterpiece. Bravo sir.
That halo music
I almost thought you abandoned the channel. Glad your back.
Nice Asmongold cameo 😂
For fuck sake netflix ou amazon wharever, give this man a team and a budget to make us a documental series.
and once again a perfect video as always, well done
LOL.... no joke... i was actually watching the DOCU of this incident YESTERDAY! Glad I can see it from your point of view now.
FINALLY A WELL PUT TOGETHER VIDEO ABOUT THIS
Your the Best .Effin awesome videos my dude
The bell sound in the outro killed me
If he would've stayed on with the ship I think a lot of his troubles could've been avoided. Not all of em, ultimately he was in command, but a lot of them. Oh well, good riddance.
That "Linus Ship Tips" tho :D
Internet historian: posts new video on main channel   Me: I’ve been waiting 4- no 5000 years for this
So the guy didnt just want to lift the ship to the side ?
You’re one of the greats
good shit
The Payday 2 music genuinely adds so much drama
Titanic 2: Reloaded (PG)
Yes! Now Cyberpunk next
Payday 2 and Hollow Knight ost yes
Internet Historian: (releases new video) Internet: Where have you been for the last 5 months? (Watches Video) Ah that explains it carry on have a nice day.
I’m watching this in Texas during the blackouts, and I swear right as the generators died my power went out again
One of the best documentaries
political activist. That says everything.
Jesus! Is this how most cruise ships are run or is this company an outlier?!?
I love it when he uses the hollow knight music with some tense moment
I used to work on a cruise ship. During safety training they literally show you footage from the ship sinking and say “ this is exactly what you should never do  in the event of an emergency.”
This captain was the embodiement of Zap Brannigan from Futurama
Ive waited so long for a new vid, finally
#4 on trending! Lol!
Capitan Schettino ma che hai fatto
That must've been a titanic amount of production put into this. No but seriously, good job on researching and putting the info all together whilst putting appropriate animations to it, IH!
A new Internet Historian video is a reason to celebrate!
Wow this was actually a very sad story for those lost to the sea
RIP 45+ min videos with papa historian.
spicy
My Heart WIll Go On (Recorder Version) - Italian VIP
Cant wait for the bald man to react
You’re a legend IH. You are the example that others strive to be but never reach. Well done sir 👏🙂👍
Italians sure are funny!
Hand reveal
What happened to magic women?
It's insane that it's 100 years after the titanic sank, it was friday the 13th and also the bottle didn't break, yet they didn't see it coming. I'm not superstitious but fuck that's a massive coincidence
I loved that part 31:45
You sir are a TRUE Internet Historian, also the epitome of Quality over mere quantity. You (and Ahoy) put my faith back in YouTube as a platform.
Wtf were they thinking
F
WHERE ARE THE SECRET CHANNELS?!
We're waiting on the Cyberpunk 2077 vid.
The whole part with Dominica is just idiots pointing a camera at another idiot who was just there. Like interviewing bridge crash survivors and asking them how they happen.
Yes yes yèeeeeeeeeeeeees
Spicy
Huh. I was just watching a video on the Costa Concordia the other day
I wonder if IH's sponsors ever watch the videos and what they think about extra creative ads.
This was such a wild ride.
Spicy
I love you Historiador del Internet.
it was an expensive mistake
How much is that bell worth...
I'm currently doing my post hard-mode trophy runthrough of FF7 remake.   I appreciate the fuck outta that music drop at 1:45.   *StRoNz GrAzIe*
It is sad that most (if not all?) tragedy could have been avoided if it wasn't for a language barrier
your best video yet, please do more like this
THE GODS HAVE BLESSED US WITH AN INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO WE ARE NOT ABANDONED
Greetings from Argentina. Great job as usual!
24:15 reminds me of The Last of Us 💔
Wow...the Linus intro killed me.
I appreciate the Halo soundtracks
The Halo music is epic
This is like if a G-mod Roleplay server came to life
This whole story is just so... stereotypically Italian in every way.
What a wild ride
i'd buy the bell.
SOMEONE LINK ME THE HIDDEN CHANNELS I HAVE A MIGHTY NEED 😭💔
never once i expected to see a NTR/Cheating tag on a capsized Cruiser Documentary
You already wasted my spaghetti now you won’t tell me more of the secret channel, 😤 I just need more spicy content or is it because I use Shark VPN instead of NordVPN. 😭
Bro I still remember the special broadcast the made on channel 5
Entertaining, but these videos need to get back on topic in dealing with internet exclusive events.
40:29 what is that melody we hear for like three seconds? I KNOW that but can't place it
While the captain did abandon his ship, we can definitely say his dignity went down with the ship
Metal gear solid audio... 10/10
I was really down due to work, then this pops up on my notification
You so fuckin precious when you smile  Crash a cruise ship just to drive you wild
17:40  mi hai ucciso dal ridere
What an amazing video
C'mon! Where is the rest of the ad?! We demand more ads!
21:36 "AH NO YOU CANNOT A MAKE A FILMA MOVIE A SPAGHETTI"
I can not explain how happy I feel watching a new internet historian video.
What is it with luxury transportation and devastating tragedies!
Linus Ship Tips had me rolling! 😂
I've already heard the story a thousand times, but I'll hear it a thousand more times if it's covered by Internet Historian every single time.
43:50 just killed me hahaha
captain here 38:31 song "Fall Of Envy - White Flag (Dido's Cover)"
Yessss more Internet Historian!!!
Yup Im never getting inside a boat ever again
Wikipedia refers to this video. You did it.
Spicy indeed
This is probably one of the most italian stories ever, trumped only by the 12 battles of the Isonzo River in WW1.
Halo Music at 22:52. I see you are a man of culture, as always.
But I love your 45 minute videos IH, they make me tingle in all the right ways.  But fr, I do prefer the longer ones, even if they are less frequent. (I'll watch them either way tho kek)
what we have here is a failure to communicate
Is this Payday 2 OST that I hear ? That's it i'm in love with you IH
Safe distance is between 0,3 and 0,4 miles Francesco Schettino: "Lol. Hold my cinzano!"
Fine I know we'll all come back to this video to ask for the Cyberpunk vide so Im asking for it now
Inb4 Looper bois come in with the "1000 things you missed in Internet Historian's latest masterpiece"
Gotta love how that tragedy happened bc the captain was an idiot and then the public basically blamed his girlfriend for it. <_< Maybe she's not been presenting like a likable person, but that's not a crime. If the captain invited her to the bridge and diverted his attention to her instead of the ship, that's on him.
I love these
the pictures of the decrepit ship are absolutely bonechilling. It's so cool.
I'm not even having fun. This is so emersive I'm freaking out.
I just wanna bring recognition to the skullgirls ost used at 35:00
38:07 AHahahah
unexpected Singapore shopping mall appearance
This man deserves a show on the History Channel
Great documentary, so glad I found this channel, great work bud, love the longer detailed videos
The halo music was a nice touch
Lel Indonesian Helsman
I need those seceret channels
what music was playing during the aftermath of the disaster (24:30)
LINUS SHIP TIPS
I hear that halo track, baby
Loving the use of Hollow Knight music
Every time I think hes dead its like. SURPRISE BITCH. Not that im unhappy about it though
No no no, hold on hold on, this happened IRL didn't it? Sooooo, how can the Internet Historian cover it, where does the internet come in to it? You should change the channel to The Historian if you are going to be doing things like this, it's the law, probably.
Hornets theme at around 19:00 to 19:30     NICE
Watching this instead of going to my history class, it’s more important anyway
I would die for you internet historian
I need to stop finding out about stuff like this, but also all news should just be like this instead.
Fiero di essere italiano, Schettino, sei tutti noi
17:38 the best moment for me
Shite
Anyone else notice Hornet's theme?
But....but we like the 45 minutes of internet historian.
Oh fuck yes. I'm so excited to get home from work and watch this now! Think I've gone through and re-watched every IH video this month already.
I was only 12 the day accident happened
Glad your back :)
The amount of times i have said holy shit in the last 40 minutes is a lil insane
45 mins was good!
The best part of this is the fact that My Heart Will Go On was playing on the ship
#4 on trending, nice work
Is this a recent video.......
Yeah         Im never stepping foot on a cruise liner in my life
Swag
Well, I agree that this was the perfect video for the algorithm to give me a Carnival ad.
The only channel where I don’t scroll through the ads. They’re just amazing.
Whenever I watch an Internet Historian video, I always think, “how did I not know about this story before?”
Sadly as an italian i knew the story already
The Bayblade music has me rolling 😂
I actually mentioned something about wanting to see a Costa Concordia video done by IH.  Well, looks like I got my wish. And it was even better than I could've imagined it to be.
Spent most of the video wondering what happened to the woman in the box from the magic trick
Italys Cuomo
43:49 Linus Ship Tips
Man 43:50 got me sooo good
As an Italian it’s always nice to remember how absolutely fucked up the country is
Guess we gotta find those secret channels now...
Im just leaving a mandatory comment
the legend is back
and uh, the ship.. uh.. it.. uh. was.. uh...  T-T-t-T-T-T-TODAY JUNIOR  Lmao. This video is one of the best I've seen in a long time. Alright, I think I will donate some cash to you. You're better than TV. Great job on this.
its been a loong time
yes  yes yes  yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yesyesyesyesyesyesyeyeyeysysyeyeysy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly the scam segment is a great ad for Peter Ronai.
Playing Hornet during the last few evacuation scenes? You know what, you have my absolute respect good sir, I salute you and everyone in this fine film except the captain
You could have said this was another Sundance reject and I %100 would have believed you.
i wish ads was as good as this
THANK GOD HES BACK
That's the stupidest captain on Earth
10:03 what kinda footwear...
I wish that Italian Senator the best
Does anyone have any names for the secret channels?
>32 people died Goddamn that hit different.
LinusShipTips. Amazing.
38:49 No, that was no pun. It's dialect. People in Italy, no matter their status or education don't really put too much effort in refined speech. People will generally just use their regional dialect. Even politicians will use rural idioms or mannerism sometimes. He told him ''This is going to end really badly for you, I'm going to cause you a lot of troubles'' (Legal troubles).
Why was the helmsman arrested? He wasn't really doing anything wrong.
*GOD BLESS YOU INTERNET HISTORIAN, GOD BLESS YOU*
Still waiting for the varus pt 3. But this is some gourmet shit.
Lol, the Halo 2 music was used pretty well :P
Nord VPN adds are so engaging.
Best youtube video i have watched in a long time. great job!
The survivors also got 1 extra hour in the ball pit.
21:38 blond bitch you are not allowed to make a film x
Nice touch to include the MGS2 tanker alert music, I'm loving all of these little jokes and references, as messed up as this story is.
*Manages to fuck up 2 ships prior to the Concordia* Third times the charm eh?
These are some of the greatest documentaries I've ever seen in my life. Please make Cyberpunk next
Noooo I like the long videos. Booooooo
POGGERS
Damn, no more long video's? I like the long video's though.
God damn, dude, your editing on this one is fucking amazing and hilarious.
8:45 I guess they... Spilled their spaghetti!
Hornet theme hollow nest, you have my respect
The only thing i can say is. The waiting was worth it. I love history of any kinds and i love meme. This channel always makes me laugh.
#4 on trending, that's so good. Congrats
what happened to the girl in the box
internet historian , the only ytber i actually watch the ad times instead of skipping it
of course she's romanian of course she is. Fuck my country
i would never skip ed time from any of Internet Historian videos
Lost it at Linus ship tips ahahaha
But.. I love the long videos... Sad
“They played ‘my heart will go on’ on the cruise ship at the time”   What, was fucking “Don’t fear the reaper” to on the nose?
I really liked this video. Stuffed with great storytelling, editing, and your typical humor. I found myself looking at the length of the video, smiling and saying, “There’s more!” when I wondered if there was an ending near.   Great work.
who noticed the hollow knight music? Love that hornet track 19:30 and 21:25
If you liked this, I highly recommend the two NOVA documentaries on the Costa Concordia: "Why Ships Sink" and "Sunken Ship Rescue." Not sure where exactly they can be watched but I think the first one is available on YouTube!   This video made my week!!
Take. Your. Time. Historian.
I never clicked on a video so fast
He is back
don't ever stop making documentaries - PLEASE. Your content is gold.
Ohh hello sailor, you seem to have taken a very nautical turn of late, are you trying to tell us something?
im gonna miss the 43 minutes videos on the main channel
I watch these videos religiously
Anyone knows what the secret channels internet historian was telling about?
De Falco, the fists responders and the crewmates that remained on the shop until the end where true heroes.
1 million views in 13 hours.
If you look up either the words “incompetent” or “buffoon” in the dictionary, you’ll see a picture of Schettino look back at you.  My cousin who’s a first mate in the US Navy pacific fleet told me he’s lucky he wasn’t a Navy Captain. They would have came down on him hard.
Linus Shiptips is the joke of the century.
Of course the girl who went free on a luxurious cruise because she banged the captain would turn into a "girl power" activist
I wonder how Cyberpunk story will turn out...)
Y'know I can just smell the GME short squeeze/WSB video over the horizon.
internet historian should also do actual history, we'd learn much more than today's MSM and education from him
No way someone stole art from Hokusai, what a ***
Pop off king, taking that trending spot
I wasn't expecting hollow knight music in an Internet Historian video, but here it is.  Thank you sir, great work as always
This is getting to the point where you're just making some dope ass documentaries every time
so why is IH doing a video about the Concordia? seems out of place
Thank you for using Hollow Knight music.      Respect +
The entire time I was asking myself "how could this possibly get worse" knowing full well that it got worse
2:12, actual mouth animation what the heck
Hell yeah I hear that Hornet theme in there
I'm so glad you're back
Well done once again Internet Historian!
Having my father who is from Isola del Giglio i have to say that i can't believe he has made this video
It took me a couple of minutes but i finally recognized that the small musical part when the screen goes black and white at 36:06 is the Cargo Ship Soundtrack from Splinter Cell Chaos Theory.
The Captain is downright the most comically cowardly human being I have ever seen.
The phone call between the coastguard and the captain is amazing
More informative than textbooks
?
You really played halo 3 music while I was playing halo 3 in the background
nooooo i loved 45 min vids :(
Honestly enjoy 30+ minute detailed videos more. Unless Internet Historian is running out of 30 minute+ content, then that's understandable.
Great video. Can’t wait for the one on wall-sheet bets
Mother of god, the amount of work and effort he put in this video. This is brilliant!
hmm, weird Helo coming to pick something up off the ship, and then this girl hides shit and "protests"  child trafficking or drugs. either way this should have been even more investigated then it was. wonderful job internet Historian.
I'm just commenting to boost engagement.
Sei un grande cazzo
That's a lot of views after 14 hours
Lmfao Linus shiptips
this was a pretty "spicy" video
now this is quality content
The mgs2 tanker soundtrack got me so fuckin pumped holy shittt
how does a man who got that many people killed because he was incompetent/not willing to admit he fucked up, only get 16 years in prison?
I like the stonk
Jesus Christ will return very soon. Please put your faith in him, and what he did on the cross. We, as humans, live in a sinful nature. We are sinners, but the good news is that Jesus Christ sacrificed himself so that our sins could be forgiven. The Gospel is 1 Corinthians 15:1-4. Christ died for our sins, and on the third day, he rose from the dead, and ascended into heaven. Jesus loves and accepts everyone. It does not matter who you are or where you come from. He loves you, all you have to do is accept the GIFT that he provided for us. It's a gift that we do not earn ourselves. Not works, but through faith. Please get saved today.  Have a great day and remember that Jesus loves you; it does not matter who you are, he loves you. Maybe to help lift up someone else's day, you could spread this positive message around! Have a nice day!
What other secret channels? PLEASE TELL ME
24:20 Wow, those are some creepy Liminal Spaces
28:31 (Starts talking about drugs) ..... _(Vice City theme starts)_  Nice touch.
Can we know where are the secret channels please? Thank you.
“And they were roommates”   The divers   Probably...
43:50 That LTT intro got me good
31:06 Cemortan looks like a microwaved Gabbie Hanna
this, this is content
El regreso del rey
*heart must go on comes on "quick someone draw me naked"
What happened to the magicians assistant in the box???
FUCK WHERE IS PETSCOP 2
Nice
Finaly new video
Most interesting
18 on trending!
I can get caught with some weed and get 10 years but this guy can kill over 30 people, disgrace his country and family, and overall be a shit bag but only get 16? Wow
The italian jokes made this a 10/10  Also apologies if this has been asked before but any word if youll do a video on $GME/wsb?
I can't believe you made a "the deets" joke on your main channel
Okay I know that lawer is probably mostly in it for the money, but it's also pretty noble of him to actually investigate the fraud attempt instead of just taking their money and the case
Holy Shit hes still alive boys :-)
The helicopter beyblade made coffee come out of my nose
"Salga a bordo, cazzo!"
This is a masterpiece.
Definitely worth the wait
17:06 based and Avaya-pilled
37:46 no thats not true, Hungary indeed have insurance fraud laws, you can go from 2 to 8 yeras in prison if the court can prove it, also we have a ton of these kind of cases
You grasp the severity of the pandemic when internet historian uploads this often
Looks like he found his lost password...
I watch stuff about the Concordia before but its pretty cool to see he's way of telling it. I think using sims was the best part.
Wow, quality content
Dead Space 3 soundtrack as background music? Nice. Edit: That was actually from the Halo Trilogy Soundtrack. I am a fool.
Gran Turismo calls me, Internet Historian accommodates thee, playing my license tests whilest sipping on tea.
And of course, everyone responsible could only think of how to escape responsibility.  And escape the ship, too.
Fantastic.
"language barrier"  This is what happens when you hire Sims for a job like this
Babe internet historian uploaded, time to get sad while we wait for another one 4-6 months later
Well. I like the option to make the videos back to 10 - 15 minutes long.
Wait so were you on that ship?
Idk it just seems like he'd enjoy the shitposting of Mr. Baiter and My Wife Left me so I became a YouTuber, so those are my bets on the secret channels.
Finally something good on "trending"
One of the best videos I've ever watched. Truly
Costing the Concordia for the spagethetti.
Father has given us an upload
What happened to the woman in the magic box?
Love your Videos. Its like watching a move. Thanks man!
Who knows the sekrit channels?
@24:12 Halo 3 OST -  LUCK
thought u said costco concordia at first
The password has been recovered!!!
What happened to the girl in the box?
@2:13 the animation of the mouth kinda scared me. homestly i'm much more okay with harold's face smiling and staring blankly as you speak
I showed you my ship tips plz respond
that was incredibly environmentally responsible at the end, who paid for that??
I remember when the internet historian used to do history from the internet.
31:49 ''Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità'' comment means ''FFS, leave cockpits alone''
Not only did he steal the bell but also smuggled it onto another cruise ship to release it.  All that thanks to the power of NordVPN
The suspense is UNREAL. Great video!
As a hungarian I am offended. Btw great video
Ah the Metal Gear music always gets me <3
It’s Antonio Muscas * not Muscus you noob
This man doesn't miss
The magician looks pretty suspicious. I bet he arranged the crash as a cover for a heist; while she ship was sinking, he pickpocketed the distracted audience members. Is he even a real magician if he was just going to cheat sawing the assistant in half?
can we just agree Cruise ships were a bad idea and just close the industry? Huge drain on resources, and terrible for the environment... and honestly not that fun for anyone who isn't 500 years old
I could easily enjoy a compilation of your ads!
top quality
"Compiensation"
"Lets just check up on her and see....D'OH GOD NOT AGAIN"
Why the hell would you hire someone for a vital role as helmsman who can't even speak your language properly?! Huh?!
Ah yes open my feed and I see another of ur videos ahahahahahah
Juts hearing the the people being Angry at each other just makes it more real.
I’ll watch this at 4 so that I can watch the direct right after
the sims faces is such a nice touch 😚👌
film noir meets the internet historian cinematic universe, nord vpn man.  I didn't know I needed this until now.
I ya make-ah the spaghettis.
It was a great video but I am disappointed the historian didn't say word one about his personal experiences on the ship. First of all, we all know he rallied several winos from Arizona and two savages to join him in a gun battle in the belly of the ship against Somali pirates at the peak of the sinking drama. Also there were several romantic conquests publicly known about that he conquested but did not mention. And what about, mere moments before first contact with rocks, encountering the ghost of winterfell and Christmas past in the stern of the ship?? How about repulsing Italian royalist forces trying to take the ship for the king of Sardinia? Just so much stuff the Historian was personally involved with that he didn't say word one about.. meh..
Maybe in 3 years we will get the Wall Street Bets video
I'd steal the bell
As someone that has conned a Navy warship before, this is cringe as hell. Failure to train, failure to test equipment, denial of a dangerous situation. Complacency all around.
i knew schettino was an idiot but holy shit... seing the full story is just baffeling.
It never will sail to Fyre Island again :(
Even without the superstitions this sounds like a recipe for disaster
Had to stick that halo ambience in there
Thank you
American Question, do Australians refer to Electrical equipment as 'Electrics'?
I absolutely love the "Sims 4 Sims mixed in with real people" style.
Youre just amazing
Internet Historian uploads a video = breaks Internet.
A new Video!?!?!!??!
33 deaths and millions lost because someone wanted to annoy locals
Unbelievable.. that poor woman died twice, and all those idiots stuck on ship only died once
From Brazil, can confirm it's warranted. The entre government is corrupt as all fuck.  Some communist factions, the old portuguese aligned faction being the same fasc. shits and the supposed influence China seems to be trying to get.
and just like the titanic incompetent crew that can’t communicate trying to do something impressive
i watch youtube for months just waiting for another Internet Historian video
dammn!  you make the best ads!
I have to admit, you did a really god job in every aspect of the video
I'm glad historian made a video about Costa Concordia, that shit was hilarious, another great embarrassing moment in modern Italy. Also the book at 41:00 is titled "the sunken thruth"
Face reveal or I go boom boom inside Isis base in Japan
NEW CONTENT! I was having a shitty day, thank you man.
Schettino really tried to impress a girl and accidentally committed 33 acts of manslaughter
he uploaded, cool
>no more 45 minute videos :(
This is by far the weirdest video you have ever made
I like the longer form docs but i guess u gotta do what u gotta do
Ok, a few errors  1. The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship, it was an ocean liner  2. There was a bigger ship accident after the Titanic, it involved a Nazi cruise ship called the Wilhelm Gustlaff, which was sunk by a Soviet sub in 1945 while taking German refugees out of Prussia, with losses of over 9,000 passengers
Compiensation?
Well, not the video that make me proud to be a Hungaryan.....
Oh careful driver throw your phone away 19:41
Multiple manslaughter ✅ Causing a shipwreck ✅ Abandoning ship ✅ Lying to authorities ✅  Sentenced to: 16 years and 1 month. *seems legit*
When I see a new video by homie, it’s like finding gold
31:44 Oh no not again :)
You make the best videos on youtube by a mile!
linus ship tips lmao xD
4:02 He essentially came up the the idea.
Bravo for that linus shiptips transition.
incredible video
You know, someone somewhere still has that GIANT BELL! And we can't find it.
What a damn mess
Idc about language barrier, ahoy ALWAYS works.
I can't believe Nord VPN is still sponsoring you 😂😂😂
what did you do with the  spaghetti?
This is exactly why you shouldn't name your boat after coffee.
I almost fell out of my chair when that halo music started playing
You better still sprinkle in some longer videos on the main channel! They’re your best ones!
“BUYER TO COLLECT” 😂  I watched a documentary about the Costa Concordia before and they said the magician was actually very helpful in getting people to safety and was kind of a hero and risked his life to make sure passengers survived. He apparently did way, WAY more to save lives than the captain.
What happened to the magician girl assistant?
Why is this ad for a boat interrupting my episode of the NordVPN cinematic universe?
Captain: "It's only 3.6 roentgen, I've heard it's like one chest x-ray"
HE'S BACK! FINALLY! I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE OF BORDOM
Please make videos these are great
the king is back
Lets gooooo a new internet historian video!  Edit: And its 50 minutes long lets goooooo!
Who could have seen this coming????
I’m so glad I became a patron, videos like this are worth every penny.
31:50 Italian comment on the right: "In the name of mercy stay away from cockpits!"
So..wait. Who goes to Moldova to complain about bins?
Right as the ship hit the rocks I got an ad for a Carnival Cruise lmao
So we're all going to ignore that there will be no more 45+ min Internet Historian videos from now on? I'm sad :(
Let’s gooooooooooooooooo
This was a fantastic episode. I only wish, that you would also revisit other sea disasters in this manner. I see the problem might be - no internet in 1912. Oh well.
Great video
I'm three furious at Costa buying their way out of liability.
Those before and after images of the cruise liner are actually spine chilling, good stuff man
lmao she on planes now
I remember hearing about this in the news when I was 9, and even then the irony that something like this happening 100 years after the Titanic's sinking was not lost on me. I remember thinking of the nickname Costed-A-Bunch Concordia, derived from both how much it cost to build the ship and how high the tickets were apparently priced (I'm surprised how 9 y/o me retained both of those facts).
"not content with abandoning his ship, this dude is determined to abandon his wife as well" - quote of the year
I'm Italian, and I can tell you, not matter how much you followed these events closely back then, this video is way more informative than any other media that were involved; Granted now we have a ton more info, but almost nobody talks about this anymore..
It got titanic’d
You know, I had some sympathy for the helmsman but the fact he ran like an absolute bitch makes me think he's a real piece of shit.
Tbh this is most def an Italian thing lmao, incompetence
That was a nice one, Historian; looking forward to your video for 2022. Cheers!  But, seriously, you can really see why they're taking so long, good job , man!
wow why you gotta ruin magic for me like this?
De Falco is an absolute CHAD.
I had such a laugh bud, thanks, thoroughly enjoyed it 👍
wasn't expecting to hear hollow knight music here, but yeah. similar levels of depression and destruction halfway thru the video.
Linus ship tips wtf
A main channel special.
The amount of detail and effort you put in every scene does not go unnoticed you magnificent bastard! <3 Love your videos man, can't wait for the Gamestop stonks kerfuffle
Gonna wait patiently for the GME video in 8 months
Yay, a new video to enjoy!!!
You're telling me the internet historian was at both fyre festive AND costa concordia?? Tough luck..
This should be turn into a series WTF
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
“schettino, salga a bordo cazzo!” is still one of my favorite quotes of all time
damn, i thought i heard his voice in a video game video or something in the last couple of days, but no trace of it being him. Clever Histo.
I'm going to be honest that bit at the start is one of the best ads I have ever had the pleasure of watching.
Better than any documentary could have done
When a new Internet Historian video comes up, I’m always in denial that it even exists.
The video was great. But then it ended. 🥺
IH: "The Helmsman didn't know much English or Italian"  Me: "Of course, he only speaks Sim!"
i love it so much when people tell someone they cant film them. No they can film you, but if you are on private property you can trespass them, but looks like you're on a dock you dont own so suck it lol.
I cant imagine the licensing costs of this video. thank you papa, great work as always.
Ship touches sth... 'Insert explosion'
Halo music, how fitting.
Wait why are some of them sims characters
I can't wait to see the Internet Historian make a throwback reference to his channel when he releases his first blockbuster Hollywood film.
Who else tried clicking SKIP during the LOOTING scene around 24:00
#4 on trending
The prodigal son returns
You've gotta do the story of GME next.
The crash was in fact so strong, that IH had to put an ad break in the middle, so we could recover from the suspense and enjoy the rest of the video. Bless his soul
this tragedy was in the news for years here in italy. they took so much time to remove the remains of the ship, and the captain himself, that coward named schettino that abandoned his own ship before everyone else, got sentenced to 16 years in jail if i remember correctly. if you ask me, that’s not enough. what he did is terrible.
Thank all of you for the work the team put into making this masterpiece! I'm waiting for the next one.
6:48 a motorcycle cornering how to lol!
hand reveal
I'm engaging with this content, look at me, oh all-powerful algorithms :^)
Best video. As all of your videos are the very best that the internet has to offer...  I'll write shittino a letter just to tell him he's a worthless piece of dumb shit.
Every time IH uploads is the highlight of the month
24:05 titanic wasn't a cruise ship
I love how he used Vice City’s theme as he was talking about the narcotics section of the story.
GOD YESSS
I have never been lifted more out of depression than the moment I saw this video being posted
14:25 WHY WOULD THEY EVEN DO THAT?! What's with Italy and the Titanic?
I know it's hard to make this kind of lengthy videos, and sometimes hard to watch them, but man I enjoyed the 46 full minutes of it.  And as always, the edition was gold 👌🏼
as an italian ths is fucking hilarious
>Halo OST >MGS2 tanker incident God I love your music choices
So everyone involved was a tremendous douchebag essentially
So, the Italians have two animated films about the Titanic that feature talking mice. Can we make an animated film about the Costa Concordia that features talking mice in return?
#5 on trending :)
About time too Mr Historian man. Where the f*** have you been. These are the most entertaining documentaries on YouTube.
This is rubbish and well made at the same time.
The animations, my god, they really enhance this video by so much.
Titanic 2.0
Great video. I hope it wasn’t a Boeing 737 Cemortan was taking photos of for her Instagram.
30:44 this is just disgusting, this women is here going on about how “this is the 2nd time I died” when there were 33 actual casualties that didn’t go home that night
You can find th the conversation between  Francesco Schettino and Gregorio De Falco and i can highly recommend to listen to the whole thing
Lol schettino is an idiot in italy it's kind of a meme
Linus ShipTips.
This a reupload? X
WAIT *THAT'S* HOW THEY DO THE CUTTING A LADY IN HALF TRICK?!
thanks I had fun while learning. I learned dont fuck a floozy while you're the captain of a sinking cruise ship and abandon it early
Finally he makes a video on the main after god knows how long
That engineer with a screwdriver is the guy who clutches 1v5 and still wins
Maybe it's just me, but I think if a ship captain crashes 2 different hundred-million dollar ships within a few years of each other, they shouldn't be allowed to captain another 570 million dollar ship 2 years later.
Fantastic video!! Must be your greatest since the No Man's Sky one. Please never stop making such amazing content ❤
YOU ARE BACK. IM REJOICING
I've been waiting for this video for years, glad it was finally released
Nice video
I love how you use the halo music
Im three mins through and its a disaster waiting to happen
I remember hearing about this but never knowing what really happened. Thank you internet Historian for your wisdom
31:49 I was eating bread you monster. I was almost the 34th victim of this woman.
But what happened to the legs?
38:07 Some Italian.
Jesus fuck 1 million views in the first 1 hr. Still got it chap!
I dont need NordVPN but im gonna buy NordVPN with your affiliate link. precisely because i dont need it. i want it.
24:15 dude why do these screenshots make it look like this  could be a dope ass zombies map? Oh wait... Voyage of despair...
31:45 cracked me up
that halo soundtrack tho..... living memories.
Nooooo not the little tykes family vlogger music on the jail time segment
This whole video hurts just pain
Is one of your secret channels Ssethtzeentach?
It’s great that you made this video. I was vaguely aware of the shipwreck and that cowardly captain before, but I now I feel really informed about it (and entertained as well). Great job as always.
I'd seriously watch these movies in a proper theater. I'm not joking...
im pretty sure his name is actually jacob rusli because bin means “a son of” and im pretty sure his dad’s name is rusli lmao
Normally your videos are hilarious but this is just a nightmare! I take that back the second half is hilarious LOL
HES BACK LETS GO
Hey ! Make a Mad lads on count dankula AKA nazi pug. Arested for a joke.
Man, Hornet goes good with everything.
*video plays*  Me: "i sleep" *ad plays*  Me: "real shit"
This is a masterpiece.
i watched titanic for the first time yesterday. this was better
hahahahahah I pissed myself laughing, I can subscribe now =)
Truly disgusting, that some "people" would do this horrible thing.
When are you going to do the great GME Hedge Fund Short Squeeze?
Almost the best near miss I've ever seen, really wish the captain had hired someone who spoke the language of the rest of the crew, if he had we'd have been watching the best naval hero story I've heard of
I’ve just spent the past day watching concordia videos... youtube was preparing me for this...
spicy
Do these 45 minute vids every once in a while. Great to watch
What a story.
This is so fucking entertaining
Can’t wait for when he reminds us about the r/wallstreetbets saga in 5 years
Fan-tastic 🤏
God I love these videos.
16:20 among us
can’t wait for the Internet Historian video on Gamestonks
skullgirls music!!
Cyberpunk? :D
Not bad
CINEMA
3:21 -- The helmsman was a cleaner and painter ... who wasn't fluent in either English or Italian ... commanded by a captain who'd been head of security 2 years earlier.  What could go wrong?
By the way, I know you said you don't want to make such long videos anymore but we're gonna need a good breakdown of the Cyberpunk 2077 disaster
That ad legit made me want to get Nord.. but I'm 1 month in on a 12 month deal with another VPN.
I knew he stole the bell.
Still some of the best entertainment arround here. Great video, time flew by as always. I like longer videos, but what can you do.
Wow I hate how good this editing is because it's really bad but stupidly good???
I've got a good feeling about this.
Aw man, I actually really like the longer form videos more, but the algorithm probably doesn’t like them much. Also, really good video!
THE FUCKING KEEMSTAR BIT😂😂😂
Excellent content. Thanks
I got a cruze ship ad at the 9 minute point, fortunately it was a different one.
and the only job anyone will give me is a grocery clerk and even there everyone else is lazy fucks who get promoted for being the best at hiding their laziness.
Maybe you could do a video on shameful way so many young S korean students died in similar shipwreck that happened around 2010.. But it wouldn't make for a funny video. Maybe someone can help me with the name of that disaster.?. In that one saving face of Asian culture was huge contributor..
Ffs it's even on frame at 31:03 -someone who knows Moldovans
the virgin Schettino and the chad De Falco
In some years someone at Hollywood is going to do a movie about it and i will say: "Why bother? There's a better one on youtube"
True masterpiece.
Your wrong for that spaghetti
When are you planning to pubilsh in on Netflix?
But what happened to the lady trapped in the magician’s box?
10/10 would watch an hour long video from you every time
kind of weird that im playing sims 4 right now and u use a lot of sims avatars
Дед, спасибо, что не умер
31:50 the comment in Italian says  "forget the pilot's cabin"
Amazing work mr internet !!
From security guard to ship captain in typical Italian fashion
19:08 hollow knight music :D
Okay you really got me with the linus tech tips intro.
Captain Falco:"Get back on the boat". Captain Schettino:"No, I don think i will".
Man tried tokyo drifting a whole ass cruise ship
Nice
when I heard the 'oh shit' meme I died
This is a masterpiece
Oh so you aren’t dead
Okay Linus Ship Tips did it for me. Bravo.
39:51 "We don't promote for a nice operation." *That's the mark of a bad leader, right there!*
I’m just glad the Metal Gear music made it in
No joke, I was choking up a bit at the damage montage. This is a legit documentary. You should actually submit this to sundance.
You make a cruiser for fricking 600m dollars and then cheap out on deck stuff..  Unregulated capitalism in a nutshell..   Also the fact that captain had such accidents in past and was still highest in command says something about level of corruption.. Hate is a strong word, but lets say that the most detestable thing this piece of shit did was evecuate himself first.. He never deserved to be a captain.    Excelent fucking video!
The amount of editing and creative animations in this... mind blowing
The Linus Tech Tips bit got me.
I love the warcraft  and linus refrences
Captain Scettino? More like Captain Cretino!
N O T  *C O M M E N S U R A T E*  I cannot stand lawyer speak.   Just say you don't think it's fair/enough, quit trying to sound intelligent.
I wasn’t subscribed prior to this video, but I know now it was my destiny to watch it.
Lol @ Halo music
that ending though was such a plot twist.
570 million to build , and it still a ugly ship
I hope the Deets bit was worth it.
Captain Schetti-NO
34:01 Ayyy that flag is oddly fitting with the situation.
Internet Historian on trending page? Nice.
My dude tried to do a kansei dorifto with a cruise ship
Hell yes
As a moldovian, I can confirm. Never let a hot moldovian women near you while you drive a car, boat, plane, etc...
€11.000/$14.000 compensation.  1st world citizens: that's a bit small isn't it?  3rd world citizens: prepare yourself boys, we're about to become landlords by evening
The king has returned
For anyone who wonders what was the title of Schettino's book, it says "The sinked truths". Very appropriate
#4 on trending bayyyybeeeee I always get so excited for a new video from him and I’m so psyched this one is 45 mins of pure high quality Australian sarcasm
I continue to be impressed by your entertainingly delivered, yet in depth content. I will miss the longer videos but I have faith in this channel. Thank you.
Everybodys pasta flying around lol
Linusshiptips
What happened to the magician's assistant that was in the box? Did she dorwn?
I remember watching footage of it sinking it was news for awhile
*Adventures with the Super Duper Corrupt Mafia Italian Government*
I didn’t know you actually used some Garage music from Gran turismo 6  Nice Internet Historian
Was the bell at least gold? Platinum? At least not bronze????
better than Chernobyl
Man, fuck visiting Italy.
The sheer quality of these videos is getting a little ridiculous
What a tragic story. This is like the opposite of the Chesley Sullenberger story.
This dude probably makes the best informative videos
Cosa fai nei commenti? GUARDI IL VIDEO CAZZO
great use of the Halo 3 music
If Michael scott was a captain
Ahh.. a nice break from crypto news and crypto gains $$$
Dat Skullgirls OST. Good taste IH
I still find the Captain's surname funny and ironic. It's very similar to "Sketa", which means IDIOT/ASSHOLE in Czech.
Hello,  Old Friend. It has been far too long
Nice use of Hollow Knight music!
This man is doing the Lord's work
Amazing story, you never fail to impress me.
LTT intro lol
ну и скотина этот капитан
The internet historian should make a vid on the Nick hotel
Inexperienced captain, a minority and a woman in command? This looks too similar to sleepy joes government lol
the captain's a goddamn coward
It was him who stole the bell, the whole goddamn time
One of your best videos to date.
Thank god you came back! 😂
This man is the Dan Carlin of the internet.
When other intelligent life finally reaches this planet, we will have long since done ourselves in, and they will be looking at what we left behind marveling at our ingenuity when it comes to our uncanny knack for wasting resources. They will look back to their millennia of progress in successfully reversing the flow of entropy and wonder what made us work toward accelerating it.
Excellent video))
fake news. The captain was distracted playing RAID SHADOW LEGENDS and didn’t see the coast.
Please do a video on Cyberpunk 2077 🙂
About fookin time lad
This is one of those situations where you really appreciate the emergency response crews.
LINUS SHIP TIPS!!!
This is better than any BBC documentary
Now we need the Stonks video
Yes!!
This is amazing. It's like seconds from disaster but a giant meme
19:09 love that hornet theme
This is like an episode of Space Station 13 where engineering has to compensate for everyone else being an idiot.
Shout out to the magician for at least remembering to let the woman out. Can you imagine if he had forgotten?
*Russian roulette with a sawed off shotgun* Nord man: "Seems I never win"
oh shit was that a hand reveal
i feel guilty watching this without paying for it.
Finally a new video!!!!
Holy shit how can there be so many incompetent people in charge?? Anyway the footage of how it looks like today is haunting, so eerie .... Only 16 years for basically killing 32 people??? Holy fucking shit,....
46:01 "ah" lmao the sound
I'm sorry Mr. Internet Historian but rather i watch your video in your other chanel now, i more prefer watching your season 2 and the other season (The one in the cabin i guess) of shia's war missing  videos, because i really can't find it in here. Maybe someone would help me? 🤔😔
Commenting on legendary video. Yup. I was there when this video got uploaded, kids, you can be jealous
My favorite part about these old things is the feeling of _"Now that's a name I haven't heard in a long time..."_ I get I remember talking about this in JROTC
Finally.....
that scene of the bell at the end is oscar worthy
Was that... Hollowknight music I was hearing around 19:00? Sounded like Hornet's Theme.
cyberpunk video when??
History Channel type content 👌 lol
cant wait till bald boi reacts
What's with all the Halo music? Lmao.
I've been to Giglio in my college years (probably the American equivalent) and it is absolutely crazy how close the ship was to the coast. When we visited the island, they were already beginning to salvage it and the previously submerged area was completely green, which was a nice sight.
VADO A BORDO, CAZZO!
vídeo fodástico
i came as fast as  i heard he uploaded, i watched all ur vids like 3x times, im addicted and need halpppp
This Captain seems to be the kinda guy whose main priority it is, amidst chaos and destruction, not to look incompetent at any time.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO MORE 45 MINUTE VIDEOS?? Why do you have to make me sad like this?
20:34 RAIDEN YOU HAVE TO SHOOT THE HARRIER DOWN
Great video, sadly missed several minutes in the middle because I was too busy boppin to Hornet's theme.
38:13  Thanks, now I learn how to speak Italian.
Is this the first time he has shown his hands?
@internet Historian This is the second time i've seen Leeds in one of your videos... Like, really near my house... What gives?
So you finally got your password back huh?
this gave me "that ship mission in GoldenEye" vibes
Shroud , someone call shroud .haha
1 fucking million views in 2 hours, this fucker is a legend dude!
CD Project/Cyberpunk 2077 doc NEXT PLZ?! Loving this channel!!!
honey wake up internet historian uploaded
Thank you
No wonder this took 5 months to make jeez I forget all the editing in these videos
Is it Cyanide's voice at 30:10 ?
Ah yes. I being the true entrepreneur that I am. I too hire only minimum wage and no experienced workers to operate my half billion dollar business.
53 meter gash? Isnt that your mom's nickname?
Not to worry, everyone, it's just a blackout. Yes the ship tilts 45 degrees in a blackout, perfectly normal behavior.
I heard the Halo music, because of you earned a new sub
The rock was useing crit hacks
Really bummed me out that despite all that effort 32 people died. It's good that more didn't, but damn if it it doesn't suck that an incompetent idiot caused this.
Those were some preem deets, choom.
WHY NO MORE LONG VIDEOS, I LOVE THEM
But why are your videos so good!?? also please don't abandon the 40+ minute videos altogether. They feel like movies
"I will cause you a *boatload* of trouble!"  Nice.
When Damage Control is on Cooldown:
i knew the captain was negligent, but not THAT negligent, didnt end watching the video yet, im gonna bet he didnt pay shit
4 on trending
no more 40+ minute vids..... gunna miss these
I've seen this story like multiple times but damn this still got me fucking tense lmfao.
This is a masterpiece! The editing and use of available media assets to match the level of a TV documentary ( and surpass it in entertainability). The narration is top notch as usual. The running joke fail vid inserts in between chapters. And that ad break was as classy and ridiculous as a spaghetti dish served as dessert with cream souffle and a strawberry on top. 👍
35:17 It's ya boi!
NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO HELL YES
"It's been..." 50 years since you posted come on man we miss you!!!!!!
IH what you did to the lovely spaghetti is a war crime
I WAS HERE.  Amazing work as always.
What do you mean severer channek
I'll admit: I didn't expect you to release a new video already, thought I'd had to wait till 2022.
That alert phase MGS2 sound
my favorite part was Schett-emo
Domnica: I did not have...sexual relations...with that captain
Repent to Jesus Christ everyone!
The highest form of internet entertainment.
"Schettino salga a bordo CAZZO" the og boys
se vi va seguitemi mi chiamo il Raggio❤️
43:50 fucking hell you confused me!
I remember seeing stuff about this on the news when it happened. So happy Internet Historian has given us this deeper look into it. Also the editing was fantastic, keep up the amazing work!
You sir, have nice Aussie hands.
Passengers: The ship is sinking. Crew: They're delusional. Send them to the lounge.
You wanna know another bad omen for this shipwreck? The name "Schettino" sounds too similiar to the italian word "Schiattare" which means "To die".
This happened the night before I went on a cruise lol
So the moral is, in 100 years we haven't learned a single thing since Titanic... Nice!
Spicy
I swear to god, you could probably sell a show like this to netflix.
37:36
damnit I love your content. Do you have a patrion I can fund you with?
The Costa Concordia was not the biggest cruise ships disaster since Titanic. Look up MS Estonia
the whole comment section is being liked so I wrote this comment that doesn't make any sense
Thanks for this, the only thing I remembered from this disaster was the guy telling the captain to get back on the ship like an absolute legend.
I so appreciate the Halo and Splinter Cell music
2:10 I don't know how *I* feel about this
3:19 proof that Mk. 1 Eyeballs exist
Y E S
FINALLY. YOU POST A VIDEO ON YOUR MAIN. MY GAWDDDD.
Imagine if it took as long to flood as it takes internet historian to upload
Was on the ship some months before it all went tits up.
this is better and more informative than most of the garbage on the history channel
This is a Masterpiece
sub to greendinoman
If only all the passengers in the ship were as lucky as the captain to trip and fall into a life boat.
MASTERPIECE
Mad lad actually made a new vid
how is this #4 on trending like now even youtube knows that its a whole ass event when we get a main channel upload
I remember sitting with my grandpa at Tim Hortons eating a smile cookie and him telling me about this! One of the funniest thing ever
there you have 46 minutes of concentrate of how Italy works!
Given the tone of the video I was thinking “at least no one die...” Internet Historian: “32 people died.”
"Captain we appear to be sinking" "Nonsense thats just our new lowrider feature"
43:50 lmao xD
this story gets never old!
you should really go into marketing and make that bread
Linus ship tips has me ROLLING omg 😂
what the heck does giglio mean
42:27 Oi! We still want that testimony! LOL
Secret channels that you're not telling us about Eh? Challenge accepted! The hunt is on.
As an italian, i'm humbled you bothered to cover this subject and can tell you done your homework. Still, your pronunciation of italian words needs some work, lmao.  -Teo
Diversity hires amirite
putting skullgirls music in your videos. i caught that
The hornet music lmao
How disgusting a captain you should be to leave the ship before passengers left.
Wow. The first half was intense.
HE UPLOADED
OUR LORD IS BACK. PRAISE THE HISTORIAN!!!
Congrats for trending Internet Historian
You forgot to mention the horrifyingly story of someone being stuck in one of the lifts for assumadly multiple hours who then drowned and died.
Linus ship tips is pretty good
The Halo music fits so well
The Kind of content YouTube needs 👌🏻
I found out the other day my dad has been subscribed to this channel and I'm not sure how to feel about it.
Everything this man touches turns to gold.
Return of the king (even thought he uploads on the second channel)
PFFPFHFAHFSJASJASHAHAHAHAHAAH LINUS SHIPTIPS WHAT
dang that black bar on the bottom of the screen with notes is poorly placed. Consider youtube's overlay next time? :) Great research video!
waw
fuckin legend of a story, this is part of my marine engineering course lmao
Hahaha feels like this is some sort of brilliant insurance scam. They just hired bunch of idiots and hoped they sink the ship
amazing video.. :D yes.. video.. the context was god fricking awful.. i hope the captain die (of old age) in jail.. wtf.. :/ jesus..
Hmm smooth hands. ☑️
31:51 marco_piccari in the comments says: PLEASE DON'T STAY IN ANOTHER COCKPIT
this channel is seriously too high quality to be on youtube
The waiting baboon luckily join because bengal formally peck into a diligent health. courageous, macho degree
He made this story much more interesting than the actual thing. Since it took years to see its end.lmao
Holy shit man this is well made, I genuinely felt the stress of the situation watching this.
1m views in 13 hours good shit
I’m halfway through. Tell me the captain went to jail
Linus ship tips
Neat
incredible editing, GREAT1!
I saw the whole thing live: it's one of the biggest disasters ever reported here in Italy, Schettino is one of the most hated people ever and yet, the whole thing speaks volumes about how Italy always goes for the cheapest and most likely to backfire option instead of the maybe more expensive but more lasting one.
The fact that Greece trusts her government the least, is very funny
Damn this is gold.
That captain committed mass murder
This captain makes the idiot who accidently started the nuclear warning system in Hawaii look like a hero.
voyage of despair vibes
Great vid man
CYBERPUNK!
"Captain Dunning-Kruger, please report to the bridge."
Can’t wait for the Cyberpunk video in 2 years
What if we 🥺 👉👈 watched internet historian and chilled 👀👀
plz make more epic content
I am as anti woke/SJW as they come and I find it ridiculous that so much of this investigation would revolve around the fact that he had a lover and that she was distracting him. Like how fucked up you have to be to project any blame unto that woman because she was fucking the captain? lol he was the one calling the shots.
19:14 what is this? Hollow knight ost in my internet historian video?
man I love this channel hahah
Ed (PLAYS AD) time
38:00
Yeaah
wtf i hoped nobody died but 32 people died, holly shit man
Pilon is now my hero for dealing with the captain's bullshit and doing his job best as he can.
I absolutely lost it with the LinusShipTips bit
He is bacc
The Hungary scam with the happy communist ending was too good
The ebay thing got me hard, buyer to collect
Man, I remember hearing this story back in 2012.
Meldova is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe. It is bordered by Romania to the west and Ukraine to the north, east, and south. for the people who don't know where it is
How come they haven’t made a movie of this yet?!?!?  Sex, drugs, crashes, insanity, it’s got everything! Or maybe it’s too soon.
If only internet historian taught high school history,  I would have graduated with honors
Oh yeah, that all once happened to my brother. He scraped his car along the side of a Jack in the Box right after bragging about his impeccable depth perception and spatial awareness.
The only channel where I’m excited to watch the ads
The king has returned 👑
Linus Ship Tips 💀💀
Good on them for having a loud speaker that can actually communicate clearly
Fantastic editing, as usual
So beautiful! I tear
LMAO XD  *curb your enthusiasm theme plays*
worth the wait
Long live the king
*Does 360 and sails away*
Linus Shiptips XD !!!1
flipping the footage as to not get flagged 16:31 but you are giving me an anxiety attack.
As an Italian I screamed when  I saw the title
some say he worked on the video even before the accident
In B 4 the MALD
Secret channels.... uh what
Very good video, mate.
Did he just upload? Is this really happening
28:49 I coughed up a hot dog laughing at this
@9:50 why not go noire right, thats a thing they do when they do ads
Who hired them
but what happened to the lady inside of the box for the magicians act? :o
i love boat related stories
I'm Italian and this was an incredible source of both News and Memes back when it happened, you brought me back to my childhood lmao
But what about the autonomous zone
Ahh a Two mad cameo.
l'ha fatto davvero il pazzo maniaco
Imagine your captain abandons ship with hundreds of people still on board but the fucking MAYOR goes on a returning lifeboat and helps passengers like a chad
YES GOD IS BACK
for crying out loud... what a fool, that captain...
Can’t wait for next year when we get another video
I love the fact that your using sims to represent half the crew 🤣
The thing I remember the most when hearing about this was how deplorable the captain acted. In another video, it had the phone call between him and the harbormaster and he wasn't having any BS with his excuses.
this video was so good production wise
The segment about fraud in Hungary doesn’t really make sense because they HAD laws against fraud under the USSR. It was the dissolution of the USSR that eliminated the laws about fraud and predatory practices. Great video all around, just wanted to address a misconception about former USSR states, because their problems came after the collapse, and did not exist prior.
Your videos never cease to amaze me. props for dead island music also, made my day to hear that :)
12:17 song?
Another quality production. Never did fully look into what all happened after the ship went crooked, but glad to know justice was “effectively” served.
I don't know why I was panicking like I was on the ship
If I could like this twice, I would.
Secret channel I need to find them so I can subscribe with my five accounts on them to
Game STONKS
The Return of the King!!!
24:10 halo music, nice
#4 on trending. Amazing.
He used payday 2 music?! Mad respect!
I liked the 45 min videos
Fantastic work on this shitshow of a disaster. Though, I had war flashbacks with Hornet's theme. My anxiety spiked instantly, but I guess that's the point.
Payday 2, hollow knight and splinter cell chaos theory Ost? Nice Taste my man.
Hollow Knight music pog
linus ship tips killed me XD
Good lord, the production value in this thing is incredible.
Of course there's racist toemad clip
Barotrauma: Surface
GO HATE ON MY NEWEST VIDEO RIGHT NOW!!!
give this man his own youtube website.
yes im early to one of your vids
10/10 editing once again
Abandoning the ship before everyone else gets off should give you life in prison at the very least. Only way I see to repay the 32 lives lost under the supervision of this merry band of clowns
Who tf downvoted this video? Did the Captain make 500 youtube accounts?
22:40 halo music, nice
Nice video
The DEEDS.
Wow. That Linus bit was way too well done.
The Return Of The King
So you are saying that the entire accident was caused by hiring a foreigner, who was probably paid in coupons?
Not more 45 .... D:  I will cherish them for the rest of my life <3
Ship sinks captain stinks bell yoinked
yooo this sims dlc looks wack
0:09 times since last main channel video
Love seeing people butchering Hungarian names. No offense, I know they're harrd af
this was spectacular. Thank you for this great story that I had never heard about. I might support you on patreon!
I literally cried in the end scene😭😭
Good use of Mantis Lords from Hollow Knight. Loved the video!  Edit: please, Internet Historian. If you keep using songs from my favourite games you're going to make me replay them for the millionth time...
At this point I'm just as excited for the Nord VPN ads as much as the main story.
What of this story telling was included in original one 🤔🤔🤔🤔     Check my name 🙄🙄
It's like a 737 pilot deciding "lol I should fly really low over this neighborhood". They should've strung him up for it. 26 years is not enough.
I can’t, I just can’t
wait he cause 2 crashes and was still in charge of a ship lol ? someone should be fired for not firing him lol
looking for new bell if someone has a big one with letters on it contact me... i will check it and maybe even let u know
Thank you. The details made me laugh harder than I think I ever have before
NordVPN leaked all of their users passwords
The Halo music just fits perfectly lol
25:15 "Let's make a delicious looking pot of spaghetti just to ruin it for a gag" Internet Historian you are a maniac.
But what happened to the magician, I need to know
what a interesting looking captain, i certainly hope he doesn't abandon his ship and cause people to die
I actually know to guy who took the interior photos of the wrecked Concordia, it is also - a very interesting story.
The Hollow Knight music is my phone's alarm tone and it really confused me.
The Vice City music was utilised PERFECTLY
Just wanna say the MGS 2 Envision theme is the icing on the cake! Then the Vice City theme! I fucking love you.
Are the 2 other channels possibly Storymode and Internet Herstorian?
Absolutely tragedy of human arrogance & complacence, absolutely fantastic video you made tho
A million views in less than 24 hours why the hell aren't you making more of these bro
This was great, loved the editing. had a good laugh.
28:48 that's just how Brandon do
I CANT BELIEVE I SAT HERE THINKING " wow that is a really great looking bowl of spaghetti." AND YOU JUST CRAMMED YOUR HAND IN IT, SHOVELED IT IN THE SINK FOR A 2 SECOND JOKE WHY DO I FEEL SO DUPED
There should be an Oscar category for Youtube videos
Linus Ship Tips   That broke me.
any other channel that tells me to watch an ad i hate it but yours are just straight comedy
LMAOXD!
lol f ...
Nice kid icarus music at 12:54 👌 great video.
The wreckage of this ship after it was submerged looks like some portal 2 shit
I love these history videos please never stop.
i am italian, i remember this all story that went on for YEARS  i was a child when it started and a teenager when it ended , Schettino has been a meme ever since , i remember when he was still under house arrest HE WENT TO A FUCKING SCHOOL AND TALKED TO A CLASS, I couldnt believe it
Good use of halo music
Grazie ❤️
Here before a million views
One thing i’ve always wanted to do is help assess damage to either buildings, boat, plane crashes really anything that requires you to see the changes from what it was to what it is now. sadly the profession i’m choosing to follow doesn’t have anything to do with that but if there’s ever something i can volunteer for or even just help people in my community if a disaster happen i would definitely do it. those pictures of after the crash are the exact reason i want to do this it’s just something amazing seeing how something this beautiful can be ruined in an instant.
New upload! Time to get some snacks. :D
As someone who worked in the cruise industry, I can give some insight.  1)  The industry hires Asian crew with several years of experience (for example as a 3rd officer on a freight ship) as painters etc., with a promise to move up after some time. So the Indonesian cadet wasn't just a random cleaner or painter, he probably has 10+ years of experience 2) Italian bridge staff is very insular and there are rarely non-Italians on the bridge, hence they rarely use English. Their English is often lacking, and the same can happen with the Indonesian cadet... But he costs the company 10 times less than a cadet from an English speaking country, so...  3) it's not the issue that he was not the last person to leave the ship, the issue is that he was lying to the coastguard and abandoned rescue efforts while in charge, basically abandoned the last 500 or so people. 4) I never thought I'll get to see Value Brand Saul Goodman Ronai in a YT video like this, thank you
Yay!  Another video.  Quirky but intense.  Can you do Tanacon?
hollowknight music 😳
Finally, some good fucking content
goddamn this is some awesome editing, love the sims popping up everywhere btw
its confirmed, internet historian is blonde
OMG I can't believe how many working hours this video toke to made. Huge respect on every bit of hard work just to make it possible.
Masterpiece
I didnt care when it happend (sorry) but hearing all that's happend made me so emotional omg
As an italian It feels so weird listening to this story after so many years
19:20 you got starboard and port backwards
19:08 nice use of Hornet's theme
This IMO is your best video yet... thank you for all the great content you put out
No way a new video! (Now make s Cyberpunk one lol)
WHAT NO MORE 45 min videos ? Im fine with it being shorter but 15 min seems way too short for epics like this.
Loving the cinematic qualities you've learned in Sundance Rejects-interesting choice with the Sims stand-ins lol
There's a video on youtube of the radio traffic from the sinking of Estonia. It shows how good finnish and swedish vessels communicate with each other in order to locate Estonia and call for help.
Imagine cooking a giant pot of spaghetti for a 2 second joke. Now that's dedication.
Anyone find the secret channels?
LMAO the Linus intro 🤣🤣
Where's thems secret channels is?
*This is why the captain historically goes down with the ship.*
me when internet historian uploads: It's been 84 years
i❤u
The explosions is the best running gag
Anyone know the other hidden channels?
MORE!!!!!!!!!!!
My uncle, Richard Habib, was actually the head of the salvage team for the Costa Concordia. When the ship sank, it was leaning on its edge over a bit of a chasm, and they had to figure out a way to get it upright before they could pull it out of the water, but if they moved it too much, the ship would slide down and be lost for good.  So Uncle Rich came up with such a simple solution, it probably insulted a number of engineers. Basically, he had support struts constructed beneath the ship to catch it when they rolled it over. And in order to get it to roll over, he just had a bunch of metal boxes welded to one side of the ship and filled with air to make them like giant metal balloons. Those faux balloons lifted up one side to roll it over onto the struts, which then allowed it to be lifted out of the water upright.  Unfortunately, Uncle Rich died about a year later in a skiing accident, so I wanted to share his contribution to the Costa Concordia since you made a video on it.  Love you Uncle Rich! Aunt ZZ and Isabella miss you!
Damn you, Francesco Schettino. May you forever be haunted by your deplorable, vile actions.   What was said: "Salga a bordo, cazzo." What the intended meaning was: "TORNA A BORDO E FAI IL TUO DANNATO LAVORO!"   also the internet historian himself STUCK HIS WHOLE ASS HAND INTO SPAGHETTI *AND PAWED THROUGH IT LIKE A GODDAMN ANIMAL* I AM SO UPSET WITH YOU  in case you couldn't tell I am an Italian-American and as such have VERY strong opinions on this event
The Mediterranean sea is not an ocean.  Great video nonetheless!
Looting is ethical, fuck the rich
This wouldn't have happened if the captain used skillshare
came back form bright sun films
Give me them secret channels, and I'll give you the bell. Respond by Friday, or I kill the bell.
Jokes aside this video is stunning. I felt like a kid again glued to the tv watching public cable documentaries. Like. Wow.
Wow a new video.
very spicy
Man this is top notch content
39:32 "get back on the fuck board." Lmao terrifying.
Damn, thats how they raised the GME stock?
2:07 so that cruise ship crashing was not a fever dream i had in class in 2010?
You know what? Good on the madlad who stole the bell. Godspeed my dude. Godspeed. The only thing I’m still wondering about is how tf he got it back to shore.
Masterpice
Anyone know the name of the song at 6:38?
Follow Jesus
WERE TRENDING BOYS
No more 40  minute videos? NOOOOO. :(  Edit: That one didn't age quite so well.
16 years and 1 month Holy shit 1 extra month now thats 1 month to many.
OH, And in a way he did go down with the ship. Just with delay. 😂👍🇪🇪
Ravioli ravioli, the captain's crew were incompetentioli.
How do you find all of these information 😂 Some of them are pretty obscure
Jeez, this video is giving me anxiety, and I'm safely at home!  I can't imagine how stressful this must be for everyone actually ON the ship.
Never expected to see Hornet's theme in this kind of video
But What I want to know IH? Why DID they knight Fred? WHY!?!
Moral of the Story: Hire boat captains who have a history of boat captaining and won't shit their pantaloons when they pancake a floating resort off a big Italian rock        I am also convinced that De Falco would have beaten Schettino to death had he got ahold of the guy
6:21 that was perfect!
I'm sorry, did you make a bowl of spaghetti just for that scene?
So, the bridge crew was basically the cast of a screwball workplace sitcom.  Fantastic.
Woah that Linus intro tho
How is the internet historian better than billion dollar entertainment and information industries?
Hollow Knight
Internet historian releases are like movie premiers
cruise ship are just one of the dumbest things humans ever concieved...  I have a distant memory of a certain pandemic spread on one of these  mlao 17:38
I know this is a fucked up situation but that shit would make a sick COD map 👀
Best Costa documentary yet, when are you going to get a Netflix deal?
The hollow knight music was perfectly utilized. Pure art, this video documentary is one that we should distribute to schools across our great nation to educate our kiddos on how to make video essays.
21:48 my favorite part
WTF that add was amazing lol
Holy shit this is a good video
The “idk where Moldova is” bit was so small but had me dying
I'm not sure what to think of the XBOX avatars for characters, but I really like this video! The voice acting is very good!
I love how that deranged lady said she „died twice“, unlike those 32 lucky passengers who only died once.
yeah why steal a bell lol
I watched the video without knowing it was 46 minutes long, i didn't even noticed i was taking so long to finish because of how good it was 😅😅
This video is such a boat..   Pun intended 😉
I heard that Silent Hill 2 Apartment Stairwell theme at 1:15 you ain't slick
Another Masterpiece
Why they hire a guy who couldn't speak English? That's insane.
Bruh do a GME video :^)
I love these videos.
Spicy
Spicy
Bro what am I watching
My Favorite recurring character nord vpn man
"This is not the end, its just the halfway point...." *No..*
Dude your videos are amazing. I don't understand why you post so rare.  Witt he am mounts of views you get you could hire people to pump out way more and do only this.
By Allah he found his password
Damn thats a long one. Nice
Ahhh yes. Internet explorer
I love how you use the halo soundtracks in these
Rest In Peace to those lost.
Your videos are absolutely excellent!
Anybody else catch the hollow knight music?
I gotta point out that the Titanic was not a cruise ship, and that there have been worse disasters at sea between Titanic and the Costa Concordia, like the M/S Estonia disaster.
Omg Nord VPN Man is back! :DDD
Finally, he posts again
I for one am sad to see the 45 min videos go. They're the only content that long I strap in and watch all the way through on this site.
That sneaky Hollow Knight soundtrack tho
We will need a Varus #3 after we're all vaccinated. So much crazy shit happened since the last one
If he don't do one on gamestonks, Imma be mad
I really appreciate the Gran Turismo menu music. The nostalgia
30:45 I bet what she was trying to say would make more sense in Italian
Remember when the Concordia tipped and the world laughed at the dumbest cruise ship disaster ever?  Like there would never be anything so stupid ever again.....  *DIAMOND PRINCESS*
oof
9 on trending
Moral of the story is don't give white women any attention
I have a friend in the Italian guard coast, he was the one who found the second to last missing victim, something like three weeks after the incident, rotting and putrified, he had nightmares for months
No more Internet Historian, it's just Historian now.
*Ship is sinking*  *Aggressively plays Hornet’s theme*
I would rather watch this than anything hollywood is putting out!
It makes me cry how beautifull human stupidity can be
28:31 she didn't let that sulfer burn ofc she's gonna cough
Probably the longest sail-by salute in history.
Love the pubg references
The ships crew is so dysfunctional omg 😭😭😭 it’s a ragtag group of friends I stg
5$ this is one of the first videos the bald one will react to when hes back
No no no, internet historian 45 min vid = GOOD, this is the best content ive seen in months
I didn't knew so much about the story, thank you very much, kinda scary though how much the medias say a 1/16 of everything..
30:44 You know she's on them methamphetamines. Her brain is an orb.🤣
Are we going to get a video on the saga of all the cyberpunk 2077 controversies?
I actually got a little teary eyed when you said that some people died. They died because some asshole wanted to make a spectacle. I guess he got more than he wanted.
Can you cover Empress Theresa, EA's treatment of their acquired subsidiaries, Betterhelp, and Sonic voice acting flame war
Love all your vids such great quality and time spent on each one! Do you think you could do the GME events? I think you’d cover it super well and make it even funnier
I liked it before watching it you just know
An example of death by thousands cuts
you see, internet historian did the filming in space so that he could get the slow movement in 9:00
The first half of the video was INTENSE!
Babe wake up internet historian made a video
I bet one day you didn’t know if doing YouTube would work out. Look at you now though! Trending! I’m happy for you
I don't usually complement in-video advertising but when I do it's because Internet Historian is hilarious AF.
What is the music that plays when the photos of the ruined ship vs the in tact ship are shown?
“There are a *couple* secret channels as well but I ain’t telling you where they are” _ah shit, here we go again._
This.  Was amazing. Truly masterful. I have always loved your work. But you just get better with every fucking video. Your work and effort pay off. I even watch your ad reads.
how is asmon supposed to react to it if he doesnt stream :(
OH OH OH I'M ITALIAN, THIS IS GOING TO BE GOOD!
Fun fact: This is the first section of Metal Gear Soild 2.
Wow e
Oh is it really that time again? Time flies by quick.
I love the knock off titanic music
This is your best video, this story is riveting and jaw dropping and infuriating every other second. Excellent work, this is exceptional.
It's not a good sign when the song at the beginning of a video about a ship is the remix of the titanic theme  Edit: also there's hornets theme from hollow knight when the ship hits shore
Why did i heavily enjoy seeing a bowl that said the deets at the very bottom
The captain had patronage  from the directors and was not unusual if u wanted a Career in the company during that time.  The coast Guard hero was anything but he was ex lawyer who knew zip about anything maritime no wonder  the cost guard got rid of him.
I've waited for waaaaay to long for a new video
I’ll see ya in a millennia.
You should definitely cover the Oceanos as well!
Fucking finally!
I usually don't give LIKE to videos, but since you always do a good job and it's clearly that you put so much effort on it, TAKE MY LIKE bro! You deserve it.
When are we getting Fall of 77, for Cyberpunk?
LINUS SHIP TIPS LMAOOO
He played the Halo Theme from The Maw @ 24:00
25:14 NOOOOO!!! YOU MONSTER!!!. You're supposed to EAT spaghetti!
Well done, man, you're truly one of the best YouTubers out there. Every video is a delight to watch.
32:07 HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHA CARNIVAL HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAAHHH OHH GOD THAT MAKES THIS SOOO MUCH FUNNIER XD
just like the simulations
Worth the wait
Am I the only one that thinks the captain looks a little like Ian McShane?
Vada a bordo porcodio, sei un grande, il video è bellissimo, complimenti
i'm italian and i exactly remember this news. I love that after so many years  someone told this story is such a fantastic way AHAHA
I am just waiting for the cyberpunk video. It's going to be great. 😂
LMAO THE COMMENT ON DOMNICAS POST SAID "please leave the command cabin alone"
So well done
That halo music
If I hear a loud grinding sound, followed by a bang and a power outage on a ship, I'm not dicking around; I will get my ass in a life vest and take my ass to my damned muster station!
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE LADY IN THE BOX?????
wait, at 24:10, is that fucking Walking with Dinosaurs music?
The quality of videos just keeps on improving. Great work!
I’d say 40 minute videos are acceptable if the story lasts a very long time
Thank god he’s back
Ur bacc!!1
Didn't even bother to credit R.L. Stein for the Goosebumps theme song.
As many have said, this was very well put together and actually really informative! Thank you very much!
Draw me like one of your french girls internet historian
This is why you dont let people who say there experience but have no record of said experience have jobs that if done roung will kill people
the photo in the plane cockpit of Domnica was just deleted by her on Instagram.
Next time. Follow and respect the bad luck signs. They get you away from danger.
Why did carnival cruises want to red lost the ship?
When i saw ur new video i closed my eyes and just clicked without reading the title!!! Best 46min in my past few months on YT! :D
Nobel Rebello.. it was an honor 🎖
The bell is somewhere someone currently owns a massive stolen bell
That Domnica woman was a real bitch. That interview she gives about her "dying twice" is in such bad taste when 30+ people actually died from this.
inb4 bald wow goblin sees this and notices himself in the vid
The helms man
heres a tip. maybe dont hire a helmsman that doesnt speak your language.
Bruh I'm a giraffe lol 🦒
If I were the judge. "One million dollars? That sounds like a deal. So 30 years in prison and 1 million in damages."
Please don't put keems facce in ur vids tho :(
i saw the costa concordia at Genova were it was dismantled
Gran Turismo menu music? You warm my heart, you beautiful bastard
Isn't that a university in Montreal?
music at 0:48?
I'm eagerly waiting for the Gamestop video but this will suffice for now.
Schettino probably got his captain's licence from skill share
What the fuck did this have to do with the internet. I don't care, but I'm here for it
Downstairs, Martin is about to cut his assistant in half.
hes back
PAY ATTENTION!   Why aren't more of yall trying to figure out the SECRET CHANNELS he mentioned?  Is it cause you didn't finish the video!? The hell damn guy!
ads are always 10/10
I love you 🥺😳
26:20 Tom Nook looking pretty sus rn.😑🦝
MASTAHPIECE
Boys get your arg gamer hats on because we have some secret channels to find
adbhay wudgas
Of all the things to yonk, you stole a bell.
noooord v pee EN
This is going to be an excellent movie one day.
only took like 10 years
25:40 Nice use of a picture of Serangoon Nex. :D It’s a mall in Singapore, and I’m from there. :)
The wonders of Italians... proving once again, that we're a bunch of incompetents in everything that matters for real, like important decisions.     Hiring this loser with such an illustrious past of naval incidents to command a large cruise ship? GREAT IDEA!
The title is as fantastic as the video
How many people do you lose on a normal cruise? 30, 40??
Amazing job on another amazing video i hope all these dumb people live3 in mental anguish and those 33 life’s that where lost haunt them till they die. Also when you showed that clip of keemstar fuck it made me sick AF.
Love the PayDay soundtrack at 6:00
This felt like a 10minute video, I've been sitting here for 46minutes... AND IT'S BEEN GREAT
This is the saddest history from Internet Historian. Kudos for using Halo OST
Your best yet!!
call me an inmate in animal crossing. because I stole a bell 😎  edit: What the fuck did I mean
This is the content I come for.
Dude your editing is fucking crazy
Amazing content like always! If you had a TV show I would go out of my way to pirate it like I do with my favorite shows!
That deputy mayor is such a fucking hero
I can't believe that guy got demoted for doing his job too well, how small does your peepee have to be to pull nonsense like that? Gross.
The cost of pride, hubris, and incompetence.
De falco's call with that spinless captain is beautiful. Worth a watch in its entirety
All these Italians switching sides, wait where have I heard this?
Love your videos, wish we had more. You need to hire around 20 people and just pump out videos
Yes! Sea shanties are in, it's a new era of ships!
Algorithm boosting comment
Spicy video
I bet flex seal could have prevented all of this from happening.
31:48 ahh shit, here we go again.
There hath to be a crazy woman in this story
Finally,  love your vids, man. BTW, are you gonna make a video on the whole r/wallstreetbets GameStop short squeeze? Because I bet that would be and entertaining shitshow.
Great documentary Internet Historian! I remember seeing the name Gregorio de Falco being praised in the days after this disaster. He is the person who we need to honour!
Great as always
Are you sure NORD isn't a great big honey pot?  Because it is.
best spring anime
I've heard Italy is absolutely notorious for corruption and negligence in its maritime industries. I just finished watching a story of how a different ship's crew and passengers burned alive just a few miles from port and no one bothered to help them. Seeing "ship" and "Italian" in the same sentence is alarming in of itself.
Look mamma we're on tv
Another banger
7 minutes in: how is this video 45 min long?? I literally can't get any worse!!
You're the greatest storyteller. I wouldn't have given a shit about this if it weren't for your voicing it, minute by minute, giving the play by play. You are a MASTER storyteller, sir!
why do people keep shilling nordvpn even though they were hacked in 2018? Took an entire year to notify their customerbase about it.
25:11 "oh thats a nice spaghe- wait what the fuck"
Pooo po-po-po-po poooo pooooo Pooo po-po-po-po poooo pooooo La concordia è caduta Perchè ha preso una testata La testata je l'ha data Capitan Schettino
Ayyyyy he's back
43:51 i gotta admit i thought that LTT had somehow been selected from the next video, VERY nice
You don’t know how excited I was when I got this notification. This story is insane.
MAD respect for all of the coast guard and the like
Good job making it to 9th on trending
22:40 Under the Cover of Night. I never fail to hear Halo music 👌 And Luck at 24:10 🙏 BRUH AAAND Mausoleum Suite at 30:00 😤
Bro the old man actually spoke at me I don’t know how to feel about this
I apprectiate the amount of halo soundtracks used in this masterpiece
Dat skullgirls track though
The legend posts again
thank fucking god i love your videos so much.
Why I will never go on a cruise
This new sims 4 DLC looks nice
how is it so chaotic only 10 minutes in? 😂
Can I just love that he played Boss Battle 2 from Kid Icarus Uprising and I just appreciate that. I’m so glad somebody likes the soundtrack
25:10 I absolutely thought that was another weird stock footage clip. You absolute madlad.
Hold the F-ing phone!! Are you using Lair Game ost??? You madlad, I love these music choices
43:51 that was just pure gold... like what a crossover!
Video copyright strike by Linus ship tips. :P
This was great. Looking forward to your Gamestop video.
Actually the bell is all I took good sir.
These edits are god tier
Oh baby... Having a real shite day and this upload makes it leagues better!! Thank you!
How is this compared to the Titanic?  The amount of casualties from the Titanic towers over this unfortunate moment... mama mia.
When is the fallout: the frontier video coming out
THE GREED! Is it too much to ask for a competent crew jesus. You wanted to get closer well look where it got you.
Now the Coast of Concordia shall be known as the “ship of memes.”
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Boat. I read this Wikipedia article a couple months ago for like the third time
Vice City theme starts playing when coke rumors spread....
"so here's a scene from Speed 2: Cruise Control" lolol
My neighbours son died on this ship
This isn't as much a history from the realms of the internet as history being told on the internet, which I guess still counts. Either way, great video as always, funny as usual and your storytelling skills are improving with each video, great work IH.
The captain is essentially the Michael Scott of the seas
Press F to play Funiculi Funicula
Congrats for getting on trending
Whoa whoa whoa... secret channels?  Do what now?
Nice
#5 on trending, i enjoy your content, but thats funny.
I know it takes a long time but I personally love the longer videos!
the ship driver is the real hero here, he prevented further pollution generated by the ship
39:33 "Get back on the fuck board"
Pursuing reparations for undue stress caused by quietly playing the beginning of the Nostalgia Critic theme during every explosion
Nice video, bit why do this when there's so much more internet history to cover?
_Samir, you're breaking the ship!_
this is a fuckin' masterpiece of a video!!!
NEW FUCKING VIDEO HELL YES
I feel bad for the girl in the box.
Love the parasite reference 😍😂😂😂
He lives
Television is sooooo inferior to this
I did not know all the stuff happened besides the sinking ship and the captain going out for dinner with his mistress
Damn he really just wasted that entire bowl of spaghetti.
The captain sounds like that one friend who asks to do everything even though he sucks at everything
Will there be a Cyberpunk vid? the ones you covered on Fallout and No Mans SKy were some of my fav vids on youtube!!
the halo musics add a special touch to this video, amazing work as always
HE REMEMBERED HIS PASSWORD
algorithim
The eyebrow raise at 35:46 is so powerful.
At 31:50 one of the comments says: Don't get close to cockpits for god's sake, ROFL
Peak YouTube content this should be on Netflix
Oh man. Who could’ve seen any of this coming
Jesse offering the cash to the lawyer killed me
Loved the use of Hollow Knight fight music to build tension!
I dont understand why they can't monitor the angle of the rudder. Didn't they have a rudder angle indicator thats impossible. And onboard, If the helmsman can't properly relay orders he should've been relieved immidiately by the officer in charge. 16kts is stupid fast near coast. Why is the captain eyeballing the coast? Didn't they have electronic charts onboard. Did they turned off their ais? The automatic identification system? Why didnt the nearest port control gave them warning?
I don't want to believe the company got out of it essentially clean. Fuck it.
Yo! I really really really appreciate you putting so much effort into your videos. This is such great entertainment. You're such a gem on this otherwise cursed platform. THANK YOU, YOU'RE APPRECIATED!
You ain't from Michigan if you ain't done this befo!
16:49 You didn’t see any water because it’s not there!
Don't hire people for controlling a cruise that doesn't speak the international business language.
Are you going to do cyberbug next
The halo music was a wonderful touch
These were the shortest 46 minutes of my life.
love the Linus Tech Tips reference
Upload schedule is awful, but every video is such brilliant quality I'm not sure I should complain
“Hold on I’m reversing.... beeep beeep beep beep beeeep”
Dead island sountrack for like 5 secs just made this video 11/10
if my history teachers taught history like this.. I wouldnt have gone to college to be an engineer
wait..what are the other hidden channels? We need to find them
Yeeeeeess -we miss your content ,more like this you mad man
The first half felt like Incognito Mode, the second half felt like a main channel video. Overall, excellent. Thank you for your service dear Historian
May the victims of this unfortunate tragedy Rest in Peace. Costa Concordia Crew Members: Erika Fani Soriamolina - crew member, waitress, Peru Girolamo Giuseppe - staff musician, Italy Russel Terence Rebello - crew member, waiter, India Sandor Feher - Staff musician, Hungary Tomas Alberto Costilla Mendoza –crew Costa Concordia Passangers: Michael Blemand - France Jean-Pierre Micheaud - France Mylene Litzler - France Francis Servel -  France Pierre Gregoire - France Jeannette Gannard - France Margrit Schoeter - Germany Josef Werp - Germany Margarethe Neth - Germany Norbert Joseph Ganz - Germany  Horst Galle - Germany Egon Hoer - Germany Elilsabeth Bauer - Germany Inge Schall - Germany Brunhilde Werp - Germany Christina Mathi Ganz - Germany Siglinde Stumpf - Germany Gabriel Grube - Germany Luisa Antonio Virzi - Italy Maria D'Introna - Italy Maria Grazia Trecarichi - Italy William Arlotti – Italy Dayana Arlotti - Italy Giovanni Masia - Italy Gual Guillermo - Italy Gerald 'Jerry' Heil - Minnesota, USA Barbara Heil - Minnesota, USA
Your documentaries are some of my favorite content on the YouTubes
Absolutely one of the best videos I have seen on this whole platform the time and skill needed to put this video together is brilliant absolutely A1 I'm sure it took ages and just in my opinion your channel should be huge everyone needs to see this video and the others you put out but when I see channels like the Paul brothers with such a massive audience it just don't seem right but never mind that you will get huge on here with production like this again A1 mate sorry for the long message just wanted to chuck my 2 pence in aswell take care historian and keep growing.
Ads need to take notice, i will always watch the ads on Internet Historian's videos.
“Oh God, not again!” 😆
Ha! I just watched a documentary on this.
Is it bad that part of me now wants a big ship bell
Halo music interesting...
neat
No vabe
please make more videos
That Linus ShipTips caught so off guard
the ltt intro killed me XD
Secret channels, ey?
Cruise ships are so fucking dangerous and unregulated it's baffling. Hasan Minhaj has an episode on this.
Someone invested 500,000,000+ USD in a cruise ship and hired a captain that probably had no experience with ships worth 1%.
let me check
The Fourth Channel - Internet Historian : High Seas
3:41 *GRAN TURISMO 6 MUSIC INTENSIFIES*
Dude the longer videos are so damn good! Cmon! You cant play by these rigid "no 45 minute long videos on the main channel anymore" rules! You're a maverick! You're a loose canon Internet Historian! ILL HAVE YOUR BADGE GOD DAMN IT! The mayors up my ass for some 45-minute videos!
I thought you died
Wish i could gibe five thumps up!!!! But for real: so mutch inkompetenc on one bridge is... terrifiing.
I love how the Captain ''fell'' into a lifeboat
As Italian I'm proud to be represented on Internet Historian channel  PepeLaugh
As an Italian who knows full well this story, I am watching this with the excitement a kid watches his favorite comic book movie adaptation.  Currently anxiously waiting for the "vada a bordo, cazzo" scene.  Edit: Just happened. It was awesome.  Edit 2: OH GOD THE SHENMUE SCENE
Great video! I honestly enjoy the longer content videos. Keep them coming!
He should make a video of mexicos nuclear disaster, it was caused by two janitors opening some medical machine to sell it as scrap metal and it ended up being radioactive. there are houses still being found made out of contaminated steal.
12:56 Excellent use of one of the boss fight music pieces from Kid Icarus Uprising
The people who work in the engine room or stay on the ship to help have my highest respect
great video, I honestly prefer these longass 45 minutes to 3x15 ones
Biggest crooks are those running the head company which got out scoff free and without criminal charges
39:47 Am... am I tripping or is that Putin? (3rd from right)
Can’t wait for people to react to this *looks at Asmongold and gives them a thumbs up*
The virgin schettino vs the chad de falco
How is "guy who crashed boat" getting with women
Watching the before and after pictures of the ships interior is HAUNTING
Here before 1 million views
Yo you still making vids???
That Linus Shiptips part was hilarious 43:50
As an Italian I was waiting for this moment
When that Halo music kicks in
Here before xqc reacts to it
I know it's an informative video, but I feel bad every time I laugh oh man the wound is still fresh xD
24:10 when that Halo 3 music hits 👌👌👌
This was epic!  Love it!
24:20, god it must have been intresting to explore, such good pictures !!
There will be no more 45 min video as in, never ? Or not just as regular ? I liked those 45 min.
went from 400k views to 900k views when I clicked
Due to His hand reveal and a shadow that is casted in a video with Sumito when their turnip farming, It's safe to say that Internet Historian is not fat
The amount of work this video must have taken.
Imagine trusting those inexperienced mupppets with a $570 million asset lmao, they had it coming
My wife returned
And it isnt the largest cruise disaster, PERIOD. M/S Estonia killed hundreds, but it seems that collective memory is short.
can we talk about how boss that mayer is.
Finally
30:18 - F in the chat for the poor bastard who had to watch far too much Drama Alert in order to splice this together.
PAYDAY 2 Music!!
Even the adds are fun to watch.
Lol.
Do a video on Cyberpunk like the No Man's Sky one. That would be a great.
The titanic intro! lmao! the music at 24:14 LMFAO!!!!!1 HAHAHAHAHAHA
The Hollow Knight music in the background of the disaster fits perfectly.
Im italian and I can say you made an amazing job
Can´t imagine a better video to watch on my birthday. Popped a cold one and relaxed while watching this art of disaster. Great job. Love your content brotha.
Always remember Giuseppe Girolamo, 30 years old, who died in this tragedy, and gave his lifebot spot to a kid.
Captain: "Deja vu! I have been in this place before." The Helmsman: "Kami akan menghantam bebatuan." Captain: "Higher on the seas and I know it's our time to go!"
So weird I specially got on YouTube today and said “the internet historian is due for a video” then 2 hours later BAM! Sexual.
"hold on, I'm reversing it. Beepbeep beep ... beep beep..."  xD
Dude fuck that captain. Great video tho
OMG YES! ITS INTERNET HISTORIAN TIME!!!! ITS HAPPENIIIING!!
These long videos are honestly the best you have. I think it would be regrettable if you only did short videos. I'm on board regardless
**Anatoly Dyatlov flashbacks**
Who else caught that tidbit of Amon Tobin playing at 35:50?
Linus Ship Tips. Amazing
Moldova = Republica Moldova, northeast neighbour of Romania.
I am now convinced NordVPN sponsors IH just for the amazingly creative ads he makes.
"you are not allowed to make a film movie"
38:48 - I like to think that all seamen use puns like that on a regurlar basis...
Internet Historian: "There's other secret channels, but we're not telling you where they are." THE HUNT IS ON.
38:45 Small detail: the name of the ringtone is literally called "By the Seaside".
This channel is the direct opposite energy to LeMMiNO and I am all for it.
I was just looking at your channel yesterday  hoping you had finally posted a video, just to see this beauty in my sub box the next day. Thank you Historian!
Schettino -Cretino - Every single Italian.
My buddy and his family were supposed to go on this ship, but didn't for obvious reasons. Could have saved their lives in the end there.
I lost it at the tres furioso joke.
This is basically down the rabbit hole if Fredrik did meth
I LOVE THE KEEMSTAR BIT LOLOLOLOL
I'm getting comfy for this one, legit documentary
The only person that seemed competent was the repair engineer. That guy was jury rigging that fan with a screwdriver to buy more time. Time the captain wasted. Glad someone told him to evacuate despite the captain.
How do you keep pumping out these achingly high quality narrative videos.  Fuck this is sexy.
This is good
Worth the 46 minutes to watch amazing job like always! :D
I hate womens
The Trump of ship captains lol
Ahh as an italian I approve this. Very realistic too. Give an oscar to this gentleman already!!
ooh a return to memes and internet shenanigans perchance?
Best channel on YouTube.
I'm only like a third of the way through the video but fuck me this is so stressful. Literally my worst nightmare.
WHERE ARE THE HIDDEN CHANNELS, I NEED THEM AND I NEED THEM NOW!
The officer spinning his microphone into its holster like a revolver was such a great detail
Emmy worthy documentary
25:40. Ey thats our Singapore mall Nex.
Ah yes, journalism.
30:43 r/ihadastroke
I'm shocked that he was aloud to captain the ship in the first place
real quick                                                                                                                          ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊๊
Oh yes, it's movie time 💅
My father worked on the salvage operation as the assistant salvage master I remember going on holiday to the island it sunk of the coast of (isol del giglio, or something).
that  gentle "ahh"  at the end when he threw the bell LOL 45:48
That NordVPN bit was genius
insane, leaving the comment for algorithm
God, its just so good
Perfect example of why you don't hire foreigners
Thanks for letting me know how perfect the combo of stock photos and sims is
One of the most infuriating parts about this was that Moldovan mistress who claimed she "died twice" when there were 33 people that actually died. Somebody should have broken her jaw for that.  What a fucking shitshow, 45 minutes flew by due to the amount of shitfuckery that occurred. Truly an epic tale of incompetence and tragedy.
Imagine a BR of the concordia instead of guns you have spears
Its sad that you won't do longform videos on the main channel anymore. Your videos are amazing because of the amount of depth packed into each one. I hope you don't go the Good Mythical Morning route and give up on that.
What happened to the magician's assistant?
The captain was a dirty coward but it seems to me that the helmsman was the one to blame.
6:57 That payday soundtrack 35:48 36:07 I haven't played splinter cell in years. (I think this particular sound is from chaos theory)
I like the longer episodes. You should keep doing them.
Titanic 2 Electric Boogaloo
Good for that foreign dude. I hope he's doing well after getting fucked over by a huge company like that. Id be scared enough to run if I was him too, I think
The companies you shill for should be backing up a Brinks truck to your door in return for the ads you write. They're literally the only youtube ads I not only don't skip, but actually watch intently. That has to be worth something.
This is fucking amazing
Did i hear halo music around 23:00 ? Wait, there is a lot of halo music in here
Linus shiptips made me laugh
Great video, as always.
Im here for answers. I must know where are those "secret channels" he is talking about
I dunno but i kinda dig some characters being sims.
Man I'd love to explore an old, decrepit ship.
man i'm trying to think from jacobs perspective, who to be fair shouldn't have been hired to pilot a ship not fully knowing english or italian lol. but this is your first job doing this, relatively young. And you crashed a whole ship because your captain led you there. Yeah i'd flee the country too
He used music from halo lol
Yoooo is that hollowknight music? That's my boy!
Is that a lightsaber? (18:29)
6 months >Concordia Video >No Cyberpunk video >no Parler video What the fuck internet historian
Why did you animate the mouth in at 2:11
I am a student in a Maritime school, and all of the stuff they messed up is all VERY basic, first semester type stuff.
I can't believe people are dumb enough to entrust 570 million dollars to incompetent people
Hell yeah, brother.
How could this dude be at the party if he is in jail tho?
42:13 YOOOOOOOO my man got THE>FUCK>OUTOFTHERE.png DEDDDDD
Anyone know how the heck a security officer ends up ship captain in a couple of years? That makes no sense to me
Halo soundtrack working overtime
Domp eet capitan...
I'm smelling a cyberpunk video on the horizon
Just do an anchor turn 4head
I want to see this guy do the Titanic next
But I like 45-minute videos...
this is a masterpiece. I love this
Guess what, in Russian Schettino sounds the same as a word "скотина", which means "asshole". That's actually true (and made me laugh every time it was mentioned in the vid)
Aaaw I like the long documentary videos
Kinda confused. You said Scotino was found guilty and was sentenced to 16 or 26 years after his appeals were rejected . Yet you said afterwards that Scotino was out partying and commenting that he got to watch the ship be uprighted and finally taken away for dismantling? Was the story just told in reverse order where the appeals and jail time took course years after they got the ship figured out and dismantled? Or did he never actually  actually go to jail?
That band knew that they had a shit captain and prepared for the inevitable! 😂 Thats why "My heart will go on" was on the playlist!
So good
Hollow knight music is a banger!
the halo musics makes the video even better, it act like if it amplify the consequences of the catastrophy
The real hero is the engineer!
i listen and i hope u were my lecture who can taught accounting subject and acca subject nicely done video.
Ah... It is true that ego is the greatest killer...
46:26 So... anybody got any info on any of these "secret channels"?
Even tough ship technology has gotten better since the titanict the fuckers at cruse ship industries just uses the extra capacity and stability to stack even more cabins and shops so the fucking boats still go down like rocks once shit hits the fan. Safer = less money so they will 100% put all their money into lobbying so they don't have to make the ship safer.
Salga a BORDOOOOOO
so there is still some gigachad out there who has the bell sitting on his shelf?
I am utterly shocked by this...wow....that's what you get when you let a narc run shit
Vice City intro music was a nice touch.
2:15 The halo music and the screenshots remind me of the halo mission the maw.
never been so proud of being Italian, cazzo
Literally pissed myself @ Linus Ship Tips
Love your videos, never heard of the details of this case, it was very interesting!
as an italian i confirim that was a fucking mess, and i approve the use of pasta in this video
Yep. Nothing like a flabby ,out of shape,  cowardly ,incompetent , dishonest ,middle aged man to get the panties dropping. What a stud.
I definitely remember this story going down. Will you cover the Korean cruise disaster next?? The one where people watched these college students sink with the ship as crew members told them to remain in their cabins
Aww man, that sounds like it was fun... But really though, WHO HIRED THIS GUY???
all of this just to honk and be cocky
Holy hecc. These posts are low key shitposts and they go into more detail than most other vids
This might be your best video yet
Yo whatsup with all the Halo music? You are triggering memories here!
31:04 Well that’s easy it’s right by uh, uhhhh. Uhhhhhh. No maybe it’s next to, ummmmm, uhhhhhh. Fuck.
And this is the best argument against aggressively hiring only the cheapest workers possible and also multiculturalism.
incredible video as always!!!
omg the LTT intro had me in stitches
YES
I remember seeing it unfold in the news how much of shitfest this really was
A big f*ck off bell! HA!
TORNI A BORDO CAZZO!
great video
In the middle of the video I got an ad for an insurance comany. An insurance company that, according to their ad, specializes in insuring...boats.
really? is the helsman from indonesia? idk, cause quite rare to seeing someone with the name " jacob rusli bin " it's ussually " jacob bin rusli ", it's quite odd name for indonesian
Fun fact: in Russian there is a word "скотина" which is pronounced very similar to this captain's name, and it means "douchebag" or "asshole".  (or, in a non-insult form, "cattle")
Oh God i cant believe it......Those where the best 47 min. of 2021 so far
I hate drama alert so fucking much
Holy shit, the editing in this video is out of this world
thank you for making me another video
I hope the Internet Historian knows how quality this is. I mean to me and to most people I show this channel to when a new video comes out it is an event to watch it.  It's like a featured film or something
LONG TIME NO SEE MY BOY
I was more excited when this popped up on my feed than when a new wandavision episode drops. fight me!
I think that every italian that Is watching this video knows already that Schettino Is a complete idiot and a coward, no question about that, the second part tho its not completely known by my fellow compatriots
how did they not know he was dodgy??? he has sket in his name
: Okay, Mr. Rusli Bin, we'll just need you to come to the courthouse for testimony. : Ah, of course. Just let me grab me coat... *sound of feet running* *sound of car peeling out* *sound of jet flying overhead*
great video can't wait for the q&a
Italians.
HE HAS RETURNED FROM THE ABYSS
Amazing video man, I personally prefer the longer videos but I'll watch anything from you!
I'm 9minutes in and I thought it would end soon but no, the video is 46:48.   Thank you, daddy. Thank you. We love it.❤️
WE BACK!!!
Skateeno didn't diserve jail Fuck all of those guys
As an italian i rember this was such a bid deal there were also tourist group to see the shipwreck,cool times...
linus ship tips oh man xD
always a treat to see Internet Historian in my sub feed
What a waste of perfectly good spaghetti.
Can't wait for him to do one on the capital attack
what do you mean "i don't speak italian"? didnt we just learn 300 italian words together?!!!?!
Aww but I LIKE your 45min episodes. D:
20:24 That rather seems like a stupid idea. Nobody on that boat knows who you are.
Lmao when you showed her instagram one guy commented saying:"Run from there run"
The Lauren Bacall Cameo was a nice touch
That was amazing
He remembered his password!
Even included halo music, how dare you give me goosebumps at this hour you Magic beast!
Did you ever mention what happened to the magicians assistant?
I already can’t wait for the Internet Historian video on the GameStop stocks
Love it. You should do one the guy who owned Segway driving a Segway off a cliff?   Say that like a question. Like your voice gets higher pitched. Makes everything more fun.
I love your videos, they all are so great!
"And the captain abandoned ship like a coward." He wasn't even a real captain. Probably bought his way up.
If you're gonna start expanding into cruise ship history  Try the Oceanos  Would make for a good vid.
4 minutes in and my anxiety is so high
this was literally on the news 24/7 for like 5 years in italy
The Halo music showing the "After" of the ship was really striking me in the heart. God damnit.
Yay, Real History again!
Hey  bro watch your ship
Weather your videos are 15 or 45 minutes long, we don't care your videos are worth waiting for
Soon enough there'll be a netflix and hulu documentary made
43:50 holy shit I laughed so hard :D LTT ftw
Was that Halo CE music? Yeah this channel can't stop proving itself as my favorite.
When ur favorite YouTubers that never post all post on the same week 🤤
LinusShipTips best thing
Wait your not dead?
Who the fuck includes My Heart Will Go On in a cruise ship playlist?? That's like daring god to sink it.
que angustiante el actuar del capitán
Battleships cost less to build.
I knew the bell falling in the water would be the funniest sound ever and I still died laughing
1:37 HALF- LIFE 3 CONFIMED!!!
Another terrible vessel accident was the MV Sewol. So many young lives. Very terrifying.
Hollow knight ost
wake up, internet historian posted a new video. It's gonna be a good day.
This video reminded me what I loved about Seconds from Disaster and Mayday.
this video so gey
That indonesian guy got a job he's not qualified to, got minimum wage, and chased by the police
He almost pulled off the sickest Tokyo drift in history
how did the couple sleep thru the crash?  at the end they couldnt have even stayed on there bed it woulda been so crooked.   something with that couples story does not make sense
This ship picked Internet historian up from Fyre festival... poor old man can't catch a break.
ads that I actually don't want to skip!
This video has some legitimately fantastic editing
best ads on youtube
27:50  *YOU SO F*CKIN PRECIOUS WHEN YOU SMILE*  - Absolutely fecking lost it!! CAN'T BREATH
3:18 When the Captain runs into the glass with his binoculars I nearly spat my drink out. So beautifully done and so subtle 😂
I may lose my job for watching at your videos at work but here is your like man incredible job as always :D
I was laughing during the whole time until he pointed out the body count, then I 2as just sad
31:48 Concordia 2 electric Boogaloo the only thing worse than a boat is a plane
We’ll probably get more Talking Internet Historian so it means more months of waiting before we get another video
loving the edits my guy
now i wanna know the secret channels though....take my sub!
The year is 2012 The end of the world... for the ship at least
I honestly thought the main channel was made for longer videos but i guess not anymore
32 deaths oh my goodness... What a tragedy. I remember watching these on the news... I didn't recall the deaths. The captain... What a f*cking a**hole.
This was more intense than captain Phillips
Had to pause for a minute after seeing the fully-articulated lips. Eugh
Ah, the virgin sacrifices have worked, welcome back internet historian
Beautiful work, truly a masterpiece video. Well done
Alguien agregele Subtitulos en Español
the payday music makes that crash scene 10 times better
Fantastic video
wow
this "captain" is a disgrace of a human being, putting thounds of lives in danger cause of his ego
They should have send the captain to other countries that would throw his a ss into the sea.
38:37 - jokes just keep coming. amazing
Brilliant
We’re only in a blackout, nothing to worry about. 3.6 Roentgen, not great not terrible.  Same thing to me.
WHAT WASW THE PASSWORD?
Colab with linus tech tips!!!
At 13:54 I realized this is where it gets exciting
LMAOXD
Another masterpiece
can't wait to rewatch this in a month or so.
This is so weird... I never realized this weird moment of italian history reached people outside
Did the Halo 3 music
We got our 46 minutes for the year. Was a good run. See y'all in 2022.
Oh boy, what a shitshow was this event... Even worse than IH is portraying in the video...
Someone get Linus!
Love these documentary style videos tbh
No matter how many times I hear this story it’s always good, I’m glad you made your storytelling version of it and joined the ranks of maritime disaster
Outstanding
Very good video, as usual.
Who say you are allow
How though? I thought everyone on the bridge of a cruise ship would be ex-navy, not Italian gigolos and binmen from the subcontinent who don't speak any comprehensable language.
I think the hiring managers should be put on trial.
Watched 6 hours ago, already watching 2nd time
So ironically enough, the dude in charge was actually pretty good at moving a ship, and the crash was caused by his poor crew choices and lack of authority, cus some of them just werent doing their jobs
I heard sponsons as sponsors and thought it was weird but also on point that company’s would advertise on a shipwreck.
OMG Hollow Knight Hornet's Theme is PERFECt ahahah
Every video you make justifies the time between them, really well-made as always!
Old lady rose noise is amazing
Nice
So guy try to be badass for woman and fuck the ship instead of her, is this titanic 2?
The editing on these videos are INCREDIBLE. No wonder he takes forever to upload masterpieces
Lolz if all ads were like the Nord VPN one, I'd watch them all the time.
This was entertaining!
Why is it that you will no longer do longer videos on this channel?
A masterpiece video
How accurate is this information? I would love to know! This is amazing and so detailed but what is the accuracy level. Did "My heart will go on" really played at the ship as mentioned at 14:30 or is it just some addition to make the narrative better? No matter what the answer is, this is still an amazing work of art and history.
What are the secret channels???
im not superstitious... unless I'm on open water. dont fuck with the ocean bro.
LINUS SHIPTIPS!!!!!!!!! hahahahahahaha
titanic The movie  Concordia: hey wheres my movie  the movie:
Dang, ONLY 16 years for endangering the lives of hundreds and technically killing 32 people?
Finely he posted
Sad, very very sad. This is heppens when incompetens get in charging position.
That's hands down the best add I've ever seen, and I've more or less seen all of your videos :D
I would like to know how much time it took to make this masterpiece. in hours pls^^
😎
My number one favorite YouTube channel of all time
I’italian and saw the aftermath and trust me, the italian coast guard beat schettino up after the accident
25:44 this gave me Overwatch PTSD, man I was so addicted to this game
this is literally why the Kobiashi Maru Test from star trek was invited for captains lol
YEEEEEESSSSSS
I knew it was incompetent but holy cow
I work on ships as 2nd engineer and you really made me panic man.
This is absolute gold!
43:51 My sides
AHOOO SCHETTINOOOO, CAZZO FAIIII??! *CRASH*
Just giving me another reason to never go aboard a cruise ship
That Nord Ad was brilliant 😭😭😂😂
RIP the 45m format, I really enjoyed them (even with the wait).
The linus bit was amazing!
This video has NO business being as informative and well-researched as it is. I came here for surreal and oddball LOLs and left thoroughly educated.
True story - I worked for Carnival in Miami (who owned the Concordia) and this was all happening during my leaving party
fall asleep listening to "Well theres your problem" podcast talking about this, wake up to see this video
mamma mia
Here before baldraxxus starts streaming again. Sadge.
Wait a sec, how do you hire a helmsman that doesnt even clearly understand the fucking numbers from 0-9? And what the hell was the Officer smoking to relay another wrong number?
If i drove a cruise ship id definatly do this just by absolutely not caring about my job
'A new video every few days'
WHOEVER HAS THAT BELL NOW, HAS SOMETHING FUCKING AMAMZING
Love the longer videos amazing as always
this is why i can wait 2 year for one video of yours. amazing
27:07 ebay why u do dis
Perfect Video. GOD DAMN!
I'm baffled by a captain who couldn't keep to his training. Its like he had none at all. Great video
Return of the King.
Awaiting the Gamestonks special
The return of the king
Still waiting on the varus part 3 revengeance
The captain might be incompetent but he did have a sick as fuck drift planned and if the helmsman didn't fuck it up it would've been legendary, negl
Every single time the bottle doesn’t break something goes wrong
TITENEIC
I love how I'm at 2:16 and despite having followed this live in the news in italy I didn't know half the things in the video so far
all this could have been avoided if they had a competent captain.
More vids = make me happy
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP
Thanks for the shout out to Russell - that captain was a cowardly POS and crew members like Russell were heroes. I'm glad he was found
Damn Hornet theme’s hits different when waiting for Silksong
Ive been on a sinking vessel, not this obviously, and it was horrible. Im still afraid of deep water.
Jacob Rusli Bim is my hero
Linus Ship Tips ... *Nice* :)
Finally..
Hollow Knight, music great!!
Woah this is just a classic example of the swiss cheese model of safety.  One f up ok, two f ups ok. 74635 fups? Not good
I heard the Kid Icarus music, Internet Historian ;)
Legitimately - if a format similar to this video was used in schools to teach kids history, literature, etc - can you imagine how how much better students would engage with the material, how much more they would understand it, and how much better a student would perform? I don't quite know how to explain it - but this vid was presented so well that I couldn't help but give it my full attention, and I feel like I have a really good understanding of the incident. This is the way to engage with those seeking to learn right here!
All the effort to make spaghetti for a three second "The Deets" joke. Absolutely stupid, and I loved every bit of it. Stay gold, you goddamn legend.
Actual masterpiece, i really think this is on par with "The Fall of 76", take my goddamn like you filthy animal
Damn, they really just be hiring anybody, huh?
The big corporations keep gettting away with shit they activly encourage their employees to do but as soon as shit hit the fan that same employee is on his own and the company only get to pay a small sum of money while the employees life is ruined. Im not saying the captain is innocent but looking at that contract they neither stated nor discouraged captains from doing that infact they said he should be doing that. This is true for alot of corporations and if ever the employee get caught doing something bad the company severe all ties and pay money to get of the hook. Its like one big pyramid scheme.
This is absolutely awesome
I sailed in Costa Concordia when I was 4, many many years before the disaster. I still remember playing on this Mario Kart arcade and winning a medal from the kids' club!
Great video, man! I'm pretty proud!
did the woman get out of that box please
linus ship tips XDDDDD
the captain yells: 350.  Well, it was about that time I noticed that Italian captain was about 8 stories tall and was a crustacean from the Paledoic era
Painter > Cleaner > Helmsman of a billion-dollar cruise ship  What a weird Pokémon evolutionary line.
Such an expensive boat and they can't bother to hire people properly
atleast we know who stole the bell.
29:18 that fucking killed me
44:43 goddamn those zoggs brought back some childhood memories lmao
This was 47 minutes of pure bliss. This is god tier editing and research!
Fun fact: The captain's name sounds like a slur in Russian that can be translated to "farm animal" and is often used when someone fucks up.
2021 off to a good start
Amazing.
Whenever you release a video it’s a good day
Welcome to Italy
Someone just wanted to show off their editing skills apparently
I was so terrified that this would end up being the poop ship.   (Internet Historian please consider covering the poop ship)
None of this wouldve happened if cruise ships didnt do that annoying thing
God dammit if this channel isn't the best on YouTube
This man gets better with every video.
LMAO at the aussie shitposter trying to sell the ship
Reminds me of the Andrea Doria in some respects. Down to the black box losing part of its recording time (on Andrea Doria, the steering record for the minutes leading up to the crash were lost) and crew abandoning passengers and a passenger in medical getting off later on (the doctor forgot about him and he had to make his way off as the ship was sinking)
Internet Historian, the only channel that’s make me excited when he says ad time.
The title of the song playing over footage of the ships destruction? Luck. IH is such a troll.
Still better love story then Twilight...  (God, I hate myself for this 2012 meme)
This is exactly what I needed today. New Historian video. God Bless you sir.
The video is great except for the littles notes in the bottom left corner. Its a bit hard to read, they disappear too fast and when I have to pause the video the "time stamp line" blocks the view
Oh... You're still alive... It's been a long time since you last posted a video, I thought you died from TheVarus™
They should have shown "Deep Rising" on the Tv's ;)
This is the last place I expected to hear Tusk's Killer Instinct 2/Gold theme lol (39:38)
they really should just say left and right, probably would have prevented dozens of wrecks from unexperienced peoples mistakes
CAN WE GET AN EMMY OVER HERE!?! This man is a god damn genius!
"*snickers*...who steals a big fuck off bell?" lol you have the best editorializing
It’s amazing how this was such a comedy of errors.   Captain that had no right to be a captain, Person steering the ship could not speak English, Miscommunication, Lying, Refusal to accept what was going on, Cowards,  All that led to 32 people dying.  When if people followed the rules. No one would have died.
You’re actually the best fucking channel all of your content  is hilarious and rewatchable and the ads are creative and funny
Bruh that Lady knew how to rush people.
Ok well time to go to bed---hold up
But I like these longer videos, so good
Also RAI is not a "magazine", it's the Italian national State-owned TV...
I remember the fallen, and they think of me. For our souls in the ocean, forever will be...  Rest in peace Rebello
What an utter omnishambles of a situation. Amazing video as always!
Easily one of your best videos so far
That ad.... lmao
Good vid :)
Solid gold
I actually like 45min episodes
You are a master of tension, holy shit
Sounds like Montserrat Caballé singing Oh Mio Babbino Caro, correct? Prefer Maria Callas tbh.
why does nord vpn even bother advertising with anyone else
I gotta say, I really love this guys content. Its a shame tho that he cant talk about women or civil rights movements without making it a spectacle or the butt of a joke. Really wondering whats going on in his head at that point and I gotta say, its making me respect him a lot less.  That being said, otherwise great video as always.
Hoping for a cyberpunk video similar to the fallout 76 in the far future
Great work as always! Literally cannot contain my excitement of the your amazing narration for this tragic event.
30:44 italians speaking English
Hoping your next vid covers the concordian disaster of Cyberpunk
I personally love the long videos. The more colossal stories are really interesting.
Did i know anything about this ship or its story? No  Did i enjoy the video? Yes
This was a well made video but um I'm not so sure about the "something about victims of violence, women's rights, yada yada yada" part. Those are not good things to list followed with yada yada yada imo. Take it seriously.
I can’t be bothered to construct this comment so imma just say it - this isn’t an internet event and where’s the GameStop video
And I thought bus drivers are incompetent.
39:21 no way did you just quote Band of Brothers   Great fucking series
This man needs a Netflix show.
I already liked a comment here and this is the first time I watched this...or am I? Edit: Jacob Rusli bin...lolz...they meant Rusli bin Yaacob?
An italian pride
could you upload a video with just the nord vpn ads? i want to show them to my friends but having to scroll through the videos to find them is a hassle
Internet Historian is the greatest YouTuber to have ever graced this godawful platform. Truly, we are not worthy of his memegodness.
Incredible video man
Thank you for this
8:37 As an italian, that was a top notch representation of how the few intense seconds of an impact would go
I really thought the ad would start when he started talking about the language barrier
Didnt know the situation was much more insane than it already was
"Salga a bordo, cazzo!" is still one of the cue sentences from that day.  Edit: nice translation there, gratz.
What a waste of pasta :(
As a bridge officer on a cruise ship myself, I must say you got so many details about procedures on the bridge and around the ship correct. Well done man, nice vid!
Great work as always
A 47 minute internet historian video? count me in!
Well, Im going back to waiting. Call me in about 6 months.
28:50 lovely use of backround music
How sad that the company goes unapprehended for the awful job they did putting the crew together.
What's happens when you're an amazing documentary maker, but can't get the funding for a full length film. This is better BTW in my opinion
She’s a leftist? No way! Who woulda thought?
"How many compartments are flooded?" "3.6 compartments but-" "3.6. Not great, not terrible."
7:00 Should have pulled a Ramius. Starboard engine flank reverse, port engine full speed ahead.
If one of these doofuses had been in Murdoch's place they really would have tried to ram the iceberg
18:20 Coronica ahahahahah
What is the worst thing that can happen on Friday the 13th on the 100 year anniversary of the Titanic?
the is actually amazing best way to learn ever. thankyou
30:26 I pissed myself laughing XD
According to Google, the captain is the most hated man in Italy. The more you know.
I love this story and love your videos, this is an absolute masterpiece. Will rewatch many times!
38:48 sorry to break the spell for international viewers but de falco didn't actually say "a boatload od trouble" in italian, that's just the translator having fun, the literal translation is "i'll make you go through a soul of trouble", which is just a weird way of saying "a lot of trouble".
The halo music for the broken, abandoned remains of the ship was so goddamn appropriate
The HollowKnight music was a little much, don't you think?
I'm italian and Jesus this feels like it happened yesterday. Captain Schettino has been a meme in Italy ever since
"Either they allowed him to divert course, or they didn't know where their billion dollar ship was"  Damn, that dude just won the lawsuit in one sentence.
Dude, cruises... I live with grandma and grandpa, so I know a lot about cruises... the bane of my life. It's like going shopping for clothes, only you aren't allowed to leave the mall for a week or more...
Ship bells are actually very collectible although probably not that cursed one lol
is that the hornet theme im hearing?
This dude chose to have people die than admit he did an oopsie
Linus Ship Tips 🤣🤣🤣
I've only watched the intro but I can tell the memes will be plentiful
Fun fack, Schettino sounds a lot like a Russian insult, something between cattle and bastard
The linus tech tips part is my favorite ahahah
About the looting, it actually used to be pretty common that following a sinking, once people finished rescuing everybody it was a okay to start looting shit.
Crew: THE SHIP IS TILTING Captain: completely normal phenomenon
Im italien the book means the true under the water
Bravo Bravo!!! Amazing. See you in another 6 months hopefully xox
How could this happen 😐😐
my man really gives us 46 minutes of pure entertainment. thanks IH!
This is a good metaphore for America right now.
worth the wait every time
You don't need to hear it from me but you're a master editor and a fantastic journalist.
The editing has me in tears.
Hollow Knight music 😍😍😍
guys what are the secret channels he talks about at the end?
Took you long enough....
24:10 I'm sorry that is so note true the titanic wasn't even a cruise ship it was an ocean liner also the largest disaster for a passenger ship was the William Gustloff but we constantly compare every little thing on the sea to the titanic I love ur vids though
Porco dio, you're bringing our little Italian secret to the world
Man that halo 3 music...nostalgia
More more more
The cost of the ship:500 somthing million  Cost of the guy steering is 20 dollars and cant even speak English or Italian
42:15 😂😂😂
worth the wait
This would not have happened if he had Blackbeard as his shadow captain instead of some guy from Indonesia.
The Lord of The Varus: Return of The Historian
I remember watching this live on the news. That Was frightening.  And to ad to the coincedences my grandparrents wanted to go on that boat for a holliday tripp.  Thank god that that didnt happen.
The documentary we needed, but didn't know. I could swear the next would be about Cyberpunk, let's see what happens.
Where there is chaos there are always real characters  Marvellous
Need more 40+ vids tho
best channel ever
The first half of this was super interesting, but the second half was just magic! I laughed so much I'm actually crying xD
“She was the captain’s mistress”  *BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP*
Guiseppe pilon was MVP honestly
If there's already liquid cooling for the generators then why need a fan?  Noobs.
Must be cursed if it launched on my birthday.
'Gregorio de Falco'? More like 'Gregorio de Thundercazzo'!
Excellent as usual, see you guys in 6 months for the next one
"Linus Shiptips" o i am laffin
Lmfaoooo this nigga really said “bim bim bim bim bim bim biddim bin bing bong”
Finaly
Overall: *This wouldn’t have happened if they used Nord VPN*
>Evacuate ship !  >Everything is fine costumers :)  >Only 18 mins into the video  holy shit!
return of the king
I like how most of the characters are sims characters
No vabbe 😂
which are the secret channels?
Five fucking months later, oh look ih shit posted something!, Let's watch.
Loving the HALO music you used Internet Historian, and great story coverage as usual. 10/10 NOTIGN.
This was awesome! Spicy!
Surprise plot twist: Martin the Magician was actually a very powerful necromancer and “one of the locals”. The stars had aligned perfectly for the ultimate uno reverse. Wreck their shit. Ship.
24:51  But Francesco Schettino had something others didn't, something no one saw but me.  Can you guess? Luck.
Ah yes amazing job hiring a bunch of newbies to be in charge of a 570 million dollar ship Edit: but seriously how did you manage to make the avoiding rocks scene so intense with those faces lol
giglio
I honestly think that this may be the best video on YouTube. Good job Mr Historian
this is the quality content im here for
wundaful
I watched till the end to see if they still honked the horn.   Seadog: "Captain we be sinking!" Captain: *Blasting horn* "Take that landlubbers! I ran this ship aground just to mildly inconvenience your quiet outing!"
Fascinating and well produced as always. I wish you the best in your future videos, and look forward to new ones. Thank you for your content, it’s always a hoot.
Legend is back!
Wake up babe, new internet historian video dropped
This is literally the most incompetent captain of all time. How did this guy not lose his captains license after the first or the second crash??
SALGA A BORDO CAZXO !!!
Costa got bogged.
WHEN THE HARBOR MASTER IS SUS >:)
oh this gives flashbacks from estonia sinking
This is like the most frustrating documentary ever
This wasn't the biggest cruise ship disaster after Titanic. M/S Estonia had 852 dead after its sinking.
I'm not even watching this yet just yeees another video
I'm happy that there will be more videos but I'm still sad that there won't be more videos like this or No man's sky one, really enjoyed those
HOLY FUCK THE RESTAURANT WAS PLAYING MY HEART WILL GO ON LOL
Came to laugh, left informed
Using sims characters was an excellent idea. And as always, excellent work. Still, I do like the 45 minute videos, even if they're more rare, but whatever you're more comfortable with. I was about to go to sleep the 16th of February when, some minutes before midnight, this popped up in my feed. Certainly a nice surprise.  Keep up the good work internet historian.
Even your adds are too funny to skip.
Anyone else who would like LinusShipTips to be a thing?
Jail time  Quizlet live music*
The captain looks/acts like an Italian Michael Scott.
Got a YouTube ad just before the videos ad
Lol this actually gave me anxiety and had real tension before the hit
I thought Id be bored looking at the length and title, couldnt be more wrong. What a masterpiece, great research and usage of clips. Also the ad was the cherry on top!
Im not done with the video yet (30min mark). But I just want to take this time, to thank you. I love this video :D Dont ever get rid of the Windows Movie Maker-esk animations. they add so much in those quicker scenes! Have a good day
Welcome to the fantastic historian
What is the game at 45:10?
Ah is this the Bethesda Fallout 76 cruise?
I love the transition from funny mode to serious mode when you talked about the man who was a hero. Well done sir.
May the people who died rest in peace
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP
Next video: The Fall of Cyberpunk 2077
Would watch linus ship tips
Whoever put on "My Heart Will Go On" was trolling so f-ing hard.
The amount of times you made the Costa crash into something through your little edits... it's like beating a dead horse but just... amazing
Your videos are amazing maan
Man, I usually wouldn't bother with 45 minute videos, but you made this whole thing so interesting and enjoyable that I was surprised and a little sad that it was over.
"Gonna drink all by yourself? "Somebody has to..." I felt that
I love your videos, thank you so much and greetings from Spain :)
Oh, yessss
It's been a long time since i enjoyed a video that much, good job !
i love that you were using music from hollow knight lol
G I R L   P O W E R
Why was 2012 such a strange year?
*WTF a video about Concordia? Feels like the fucking rediscovery of Pompeii*
This is god-level effortposting. Sooooo good.
This man was proven to be coward and incompetent failiure and still nails a journalist. I am gonna have to ask him for some tips...
Holy shit 33 people?? I was vaguely aware of this case but I had no idea about the extent of the tragedy.
I hope I'm not alone is saying I like the longer vidoes.
Your pronunciation of Hungarian names is abhorrent. Also, we do have insurance fraud laws, wtf?
Italy here.  Who the f*ck made the spaghetti bowl at 25:13? That sauce is watery as f*ck.
38:32 WHAT IS THE TITLE OF THE SONG?
this may sound normal cuz you see morons saying it on every dumb video.   but i am honestly super excited everytime i see a internet historian video.
One of your best videos 👍
I never thought I'd laugh so much at the sound of a bell dropping into the ocean. Absolutely beautiful
At this point Nord VPN should have its own Netflix TV series
I don’t want to distract from how great the whole video is, but that was by far the best VPN ad ever made. Amazing
31:49 i agree with marco piccari, "leave pilot cabins alone, for goodness sake".
Linus Shiptips?!? Lolololol
38:49 "a boatload of trouble" lol
Another perfect video sir. Although I was expecting the 6 Jan Capitol event, is that one coming soon? Pls sir
best dude on youtube right here. the keemstar shit was too funny
2:38 “The locals hate it.”
Here before all the streamers react to this video
IH better be paid well for these ads he makes for NordVPN. I could unironically watch them as a miniseries.
this was incredible, thank you
Nooooooooooooooooo, r.i.p 40 minners.
This incompetent captain should have been fired after the first crash
The ship is sinking and the captain decides to continue to lie and say everything is fine, why would you ever do that
Oh my god he uploaded a video it is a sign
Costa Concordia got bogged
Absolutely worth the wait.
This is better than some movies I watched, and I watch Boo II: A Madea Halloween
Oh man, I remember this from the Casual Navigation video. Pretty funny captain bs.
The fact that they tried blaming the captain's fault on this woman just cuz they had a relationship is so weird to me.... if he was distracted it was his fault and his fault alone
oh thank god a new video
pressed like before i even started the video because you know internet historian only makes good videos
The captain's name sounds (almost exactly) like a Russian insult and I love it
I like how the environment of the crashed Ship could be the environment for a horror game
....secret channels??
I’m so exited
Do Chernobyl next!!!
Love the sound effects
The video is great as always, but too short. And i cant wait half a year for the next one. Plz dont take that long.
I was literally watching a documentary on the titanic when this popped up on my feed.
Wow, I had to pause the video just to check the timestamp when Internet Historian said that it was "just the half way point" of the video. I was so engaged in the what was going on I didnt realized there was more to come. Now back to the 2nd half of this amazing video.
this is very good content. thanks
Love that Gran Turismo music
What are these secret channels he speaks of? Help
Anyone want to buy a big f*ck off bell?
Lol the Linus tech tips, damn was not expecting that.
Honestly, how stupid did they think the passengers were? They heard a loud bang and scraping throughout the entire ship, and witnessed furniture and other objects move and fall over due to the ship tilting because of flooding in the lower compartments, and the first lie they could think of was: "it's a blackout"   *Holy shit, talk about incompetence*
Excellent video.  Funny and informative.
Love the halo soundtrack in the back
Mario Pellegrini is a god damn hero.
alright lads this Is epic
This is so good.
Ahh jeez the Hornet theme at 19 minutes got me so gud.
“Aw”
thats what happen if micheal scott is the captain
Okay guys, I'm italian and I can answer some questions:  - Yes, our justice system is fucked up - Yes, our politcs is fucked up - Yes, our newspaper priorities are fucked up - Yes, "Vada a bordo cazzo" is still a great hit in the italian culture - Yes, Schettino is still hated in Italy... ... except when he's guest for parties and clubs I guess - Yes, we eat a fucking lot of pasta  You're welcome
The halo music :)
Ooo Hollow Knight AND Skullgirls music??? GODLIKE
Never did I think I would see a Keemstar and Linus reference in the same video
Well if there is LANGUAGE barrier. The officer on deck should have replace him ..
You’re videos are a gift
That halo theme music though
The rebel anethesiologist pathomorphologically tow because keyboarding cytomorphologically paste up a aggressive bicycle. simple, third taxicab
The little eeep when you dropped the bell made me lol
30:57 🙄
Hollow Knight Music!
finally
cyberounk 20077 pls
DUDE I've been having this weird craving for ship disaster documentaries lately  this man read my MIND cant wait to watch this fuckin guy run into a whole island again
Come on, how are you going to make a 15-minute Cyberpunk video? Needs to be at least an hour.
Considering the character of our boy Schettino and the lack of a band to play for the sinking of the ship, my guess is the first thing Schettino did once he got ashore was bust out a fiddle and play it up like ole Nero himself.
The captain is the guy in a disaster movie who is mostly responsible for everything and at the end kills an old lady or something just because she was in his way. Then escapes while people are dying just to die too.
This is fantastic. I have nothing else to add, I just want to boost this video
what the hell is the song at 40:23???  Someone please help, its killing me!
Absolutely loved the last part with the bell!
Truly a masterpiece.
17:37 best part
Holy shit that bridge scene right up to them hitting the rock was fucking brilliant, perfect writing, perfect editing, perfect Sims faces
Idk why but somehow my recommendation is filled with ship related video
FAAAAAAAAAAACK YEAH
Harold really does get everywhere
this was a good event cause cruise ships suck ass
italian naval supremacy is a joke
"Remember this face, because you'll be seeing a lot of it later" Internet Historian-kun, you're so forward~
the music and the island gives me mad truth and reconciliation vibes
"I am not the superstitious type" *sails straight under a folding ladder* I am in stitches barely 2 minutes in.
>no more 45min vids Damn, i kinda like this format but hey if that means more vids then hell yeah
Thank you video is good
Animating that mouth was worth it. Explosive laughter.
What a missed opportunity. Should have titled the video "Pasta Concordia"
Ummm IH? You know this isn't your second channel right?
This feels like a sundance rejects
28:28 hahaha perfect shot xDD
Always Pure Gold Every Goddamn Time.
Linus ship tips destroyed me XD
This vid is insane and again beautifully edited. Band of Brothers and Halo oh myyyyy
What is the scene in 45:09 from? Is it a game?
spICy! U got pass back wooooo
Was a good video till you started wasted spaghettis
As someone who works on a vessel and has worked on the water for over 16 years, that captain and much of the crew were absolutely incompetent.
That Linus Ship Tips intro made me laugh hard
The holster for the microphone lol.
I love this!
This video is over three quarters of an hour long but it tells us the Cost of Concordia at 0:38
Plays GTA Vice City theme for minutes and never let's it play til the end.  You tease, you.
This should be in the cinema
amazing as always.
Hollow Knight music 19:20
i'm surprised my local mall made it into the video (25:40)
43:50 holy shit im dying. Linus ship tips rolfmao
8:50 Is that ordinary things hiding in the machine room? I smell conspiracy theories arise.. Icebergs don't melt steel beans.
Anyone else happy the titanic sunk, yes the music is reason enough.
Domnica's declaration to the press sounds like she heard Evanescence lyrics and tried to Google-translate them into Italian before reciting them back in English.
The metal gear theme killed me. lol I'm weak lmao.
Got an ad for a cruise watching this wtf
Finally found that password, huh?
I'll be honest with you, each video you release hypes me more than any movie... and i love movies
The clip of the woman typing using her nails, made me physically recoil.
Great content
I want more LST
wetnatic
Took me 20 solid minutes to understand this wasnt a meme omfg this dude really just sank a ship and LIED
I love the longer videos.
I love how at 10:17 the Historian can barely resist laughing out loud xD
Nice!
Loving the hollow knight music!
*Internet Historian uploads*    Oh **** here we go again
It's comical how incompetent the crew looks compared to the coast guard. They probably knew more about how the ship was doing according to random people calling the police than the captain knew of his own ship.
Right now, I'm really embarrassed to be Italian
The engineer is truly one of the boys
my man actually made spaghetti just for that one bit lmao
10:18 got me with that "Shut the Fuck Up". Came out of nowhere. xD
This is a good video.
What do we learn kids? Don't be an asshole and don't annoying your neighborhood
Ahhhhhh, the... -gym
HAND REVEAL
Ohmuhguh
6:00 to 8:35 insert "pirate of the caribbean theme song"
YES
Don’t forget to feed the algorithm! We may not get the old chap as often, but he always gives us gold.
hamish and andy car jump
>can only survive two compartment breeches >"not a lot at all, considering it is a double bottom" >engines flood >"wait..." >shows diagram >"oh... single bottom... WAIT IT CAN ONLY SUPPORT TWO COMPARTMENT FLOODS AND IS A SINGLE BOTTOM????"  ...and after watching just last night about the difference between an ocean liner and a cruise ship, now i see the insanity of making a ship to carry that many people and be so prone to sinking...
Me watching this video: "Wow, 570 million dollar... Would be a shame if that thing sank" 2 minutes later: "Oh fuck, *now I remember!*"
YO THAT LINUS SHIPTIPS CAUGHT ME OFF GUARD
Turns out re floating ships is the coolest shit ever
As an Italian I would just like to say... you're welcome
This video is a perfect representation of cruise ship's financial situation after the varus.
26:53 "It even has a watermark"   MAN I'M DEAD
For anybody wondering: Schettino's book title "le verità sommerse" would translate to "sunken truths"
26:14 toemad guest appearance
I was just listening too the car seat headrest song about it. What timing
Is that Hornet's theme from hollow knight at 19:09
That LTT intro is god like
The ads never get old lmao
You know shits good when you actually look forward to the ad
The two Best things in this vídeo  Halo soundtrack VADA A BORDO CAZZO!
I really want to know why is everyone a Sims character ?
The video just begun and shit is already hitting the fan
Love the payday music
ship go bye bye
My grandma was supposed to go on this but she cancelled last minute
the transitions are glorious.
The government must add him to make history books for the students
naw m8, more 45 min vids please
letmeoutletmeoutletmeout
Uhhh What happened to the woman in the magic Box did she get out.
How is he still getting sponsored.
I love how Internet Historian brings all the major YouTubers to the yard.
that payday music made things very intense
Love it!
35:00 Really was not expecting Skullgirls music to make it onto this video, but honestly, I wasn't expecting half the stuff I saw here..
Another goddamn masterpiece!
This was legit so good
Yes daddy
39:03 olha quem tem menos kkkkkkkkkkkk
Great video
not possible diveristy is a strength
The story of three mile island is pretty interesting as well.
amazing
Channel interaction
lol third world hungary.
Colossal effort
A cinematic masterpiece!
I'm studying for Mates, and this is one of the case study that we did in class. It had a series of problems leading to the final demise..
Damn this is quality content
Love the long videos defiantly worth the wait
the helmsman deserves his own movie, but it should be a comedy.
It's like speed 2. But the bomb is human stupidity.
8:34 Mamma Mia!
That El Cargo snippet made my day, that soundtrack is amazing.
So...Moral of story, Italy is corrupt AF?
The deetz!
That Linus Ship Tips segue
Noice
another great video- every one seems to be better than the last
$500 million dollar boat without GPS?
“A masterpiece of creative and engaging storytelling” - me
Pilon is badass
Linus Ship Tips lmaoooo
Love the Halo music there at 23:00 ;)
Ah yes, comedy and corpses. My favorite combo with chips and fries
Bruh when the Linus tech tips music started I swear to god I almost choked to death. Give this man all the monies in the world.
38:49  Love it.
I used to work for Princess Cruises, around 2016 I was in the Bahamas on the Regal Princess and this old guy was wearing a shirt with a picture of the Concordia and the phrase "VADA A BORDO CAZZO" underneath. He was from California, I'm Italian and to this day i don't really know what to think of it
Moldova is the country between Romania and Ukraine.
top tier quality.
I'm a simple man. I see a new internet historian video, I put on my homemade nordvpn hood, stay playing some raidy shady, and click like
19:18 hell yeah hollow knight music
This is incredibly well done
halo music. nice touch
Anyone knows where are his other secret channels ?? 😂😂
God damn it! You've done it again!  *stands up and starts slow clapping* **One by one, audience members join in!** ***Until the Roman amphitheatre erupts into a tremendous roar of clapping and whistling!*** **** Ceasar nods approvingly, a single tear streaming down his left cheek. He lifts out his hand and gives... a thumbs up.**** *****The crowd goes WILD!*****
It truly is a beautiful morning when internet historian uploads
Oh shit a real video finally. Not some half assed one either
Ah yes Concordia or as it is otherwise know the most expensive case of Tokyo Drift gone horribly wrong  Seriously what was that guy thinking you may joy ride in a car or truck a Lamborghini hell some of the rarer cases might have you joyriding a helicopter or a tank you don't joy ride a well over 5000 Ton Cruise Ship that's a Recipe For Disaster especially one alcohol is mixed in  Seriously how did that guy even get command of that ship with that kind of behaviour if I were a captain I may show-off but I wouldn't do it by basically playing a game of chicken with the coastline because the coast always wins  There's literally a sign in my seaside one town of 1 a ship or underground and some guys basically went in a powered lifeboat to try and save them but due to the storms weather they also needed saving when there's relatively small powered lifeboat flipped over This is also during the time where steam engines were Commonplace I'm pretty sure I do to that incident and simply the conditions near our beach large ships stay well away from us because our coast is one of the ones with hidden rocks sticking up from the seafloor and stuff and likes to pull ships in and is the reason that ship run aground in the first place  Edit to the guys credit he did seem to do everything he could to try and stop the ship from running aground but his actions there on afterwards were hardly Stelar
Best story teller ever. You could do any story and make it interesting with your style. The sheer level of incompetence required on every level of decion-making for this man to end up in charge of your multi-million dollar cruise ship.... It's crazy af to think that stuff like this gets past so many people with so much at risk.
This is a scientific Revolution! Internet historian has uploaded!
beautiful
Someone has to add the mamma mia captions so that the Italians can see this.
Nah mate we gotta get more 45 minute videos, these are fucking great
2020: Internet Historian 2021: Historian
Mama mia what a spicy video
I'm a little mad you filmed that spaghetti bit
I can't believe i hate history in school but willing to watch this
When do we get the U.S. Capital Insurrection video???
Can you do the Deepwater Horizon next? These are so interesting to watch!!!
I'm so proud of my country :^)
ok but where are those hidden channels?
Impressively young hands for such a weathered face...
Thank god, no annoying pointless unfunny converstaion with some random guy but a video that actually fits your channel & is what we subscribed for not your annoying unfunny friend
Great!
Martin the magician perforned the best magic trick. He disappeared when shit went down.
In Australia we use a derogatory term towards houses that are built to show off wealth without any regard for style, and usually are built by a certain type of person. "McMansion", implying it's the MacDonalds of houses.  Anyway - that's what I think of cruise ships, the McMansion of the ocean.
better movie then titanic ty mr historian
Secret channels huh?
Ahhh a new vid
not internet history but still good
"But this isn't the end, this is just the halfway point"  Me: *Nice*
@Internet Historian So, uh.. When are you going to do a video on Kilroy 2018? Just a thought. *SPICY BREVITY.*
Damn, this storytelling was intense, I wanted to make a tea, but you did not give me enough room for that!
This video had the perfect balance of humor mixed with seriousness due to the fact that this was a fatal accident. I learned a lot more about it, thanks so much!
You were supposed to ZIP ME THE DEETS! Not spaghetti them!
Who would win  "There is no emergency on board" Or "There is no graphite on the roof"
How long do we have to wait for "GameStonks" to be considered "Internet History"?
The Fall of 77 when?
When I worked on a cruise ship the Costa Concordia was always used a the example of how to NOT act in case of a emergence , it's a tragedy!
'and oh god not again!!'
This whole situation could have been avoided if they didn't have a shit captain that crashed two ships before.
How is this so much better than mainstream media, please let this play on my TV and not some reality show bullshit  Edit: I now watched the full video and I can only say, that I'm sad you can't hit the like button multiple times
This is a fresh change to the usual internet history. You should make more of these, good video!
This is so well done
Grazie Internet Historian per aver esportato il meglio della cultura italiana all'estero
lesson: 1. dont put security guard as your captain 2. dont put painter as your helmsman
*more*
i mean it was so close to shore i would have just stayed inside and stolen as much stuff as i could
As an Italian I have to say that I'm really happy we will all clown Schettino. Fanculo Schettino
Never get on a large cruiser, got it. Condolences for the family that lost their loved ones to this blunder.
This was a good one, holy shit
It's Moldova, but great vid! Top tier content.
The recordings with coast guard telling the "captain" schettino to get the fuck back into the ship were amazing. "torni su quella cazzo di nave!"(get the fuck back in the ship) followed by schettino being a dickhead. 31:50 The italian comment translates to "For goodness sake forget the cockpits".
nice choice of the hornet theme from hollownight for background music
I didnt even start the video and already I'm fucking excited. As an Italian I would never though someone outside of Italy would talk about this story
Internet historian is the only reason I still have a YouTube account
Your hard work and passion inspires me, I love it.
Former cruise employee here. This was a highly accurate portrayal of this event. Not used to Internet Historian taking on such tragic content...This was also stressful to watch having successfully lived through 3 boat emergencies thanks to competent bridge crew.
This channel is an example of quality over quantity. This channel also has entertaining ads.
Jesus fucking christ the editing in this fucking video is insane
Just to mention it's the weight of the chain that makes the anchor work, the problem was it should've been dropped sooner and lowered over a longer period of time.  The way anchor work is basically the head bites into the ground (better in mud, bit worse in sand, almost impossible on rocky ground) then the extended chain act as a rope which tighten as the boat goes farther away, the more you pull on it the straighter it becomes, the more force is applied to the boat, try extending a rope with two people on each end, the rope is going to resist being straightened and will try to fall back to a resting position on the ground. This is what happens to boat with anchor.  The gist of this particular part of the problem is the chain is not extended, it's just sitting right under the boat where it can't apply enough force on the boat, it's not that the chain is too long, the anchor itself is not going to stop a boat of that size, it will rip it right off the ground if the chain is too short.
That *LIP SYNCING*
can't wait for the cyberpunk 2077 and robin hood vs reddit videos
Bro the payday music fits so well!! :DD
oh wait , was there hollow knight music in the video? the part around when the captain abandoned ship?
Lame ad. They can't all be winners. They almost were though. But now they're not. Because that one wasn't.
Bruuuuhv, that Ace Combat OST hit hard
you make videos amongst the best of this platform ! <3
19:35 HK Hornet music
"Sorrento, a town in Napoli" LOL :D
You're so.. Fuckin.. Precious.. When you.. S M I L E 👹
hidden channel? internet historian is the egg-throwing man confirmed.
please do the Gorilla Glue girl next...  pretty please,,,
Hmmm...... Spicy
So how many times are we supposed to have explored the entirety of No Man’s Sky in relation to IH videos since The Engoodening?
Sad that Raid chickened out of the sponsorship.
It’s absolutely worth it to watch the documentary “The sinking of the Costa Concordia”. It’s mostly made up of passenger phone video, which lets you really experience the confusion and panic people went through. You’re trapped in a sinking tin can and the people in charge of your safety are utterly incompetent and care more for their reputation than your life. If every passenger had followed their orders complacently so many more people would have died.
I've lived in Indonesia my whole life and this is the first time I've heard of Jacob. Seems like he's more Italy's problem and Indonesia just didn't give a damn.
New internet historian video ?! Hell yeahhhhhh
I guess Linus didn't see the little hint yet :D
When is the $GME piece coming out?! I only trust you to cover what happened accurately! 🚀🚀
quality
Mmmm halo
19:10 is that hollow knight hornet theme? If so you are a LEGEND
Linus ship tips, i love you
4:02 Actually, I came up THE THE idea.
I read someplace that you had stopped doing these vids...I. so happy right now!!!
NO MY 45MIN LOCKDOWN VIDEOS!!
My soul has been waiting for this  Quality content right here
NEW VIDEOOOOO
Legit the helmsman's fault, the captain could have saved it if he didn't mess up like 3 times
Omg i love your ed time can't wait for the raid Shadow legends 😂😂😂
Thank you for the videos you produce.
570 million...and these were the caliber of people they put in charge of it.  Pandemic aside, how could the cruise industry *possibly* deserve to fail?
Pilon is a fucking chad
Give it another ten years, and some director will make a tragic romance movie out of this
How the hell so many absolutely worthless man happened on top of the ship hierarchy?
ah we uno schettino momento
Wow I didn't know how much went into the story of the ship even after it sank
Why would you hire like the shittiest and cheapest staff for a billion dollar boat?
Literally yesterday: *wondering when Internet Historian drops another video* Today: "... gotta start wondering about stuff more often!"
The hollow knight music was the last thing I expected to see in this video but it makes it even better
The fact that 32 people died is just so shameful on the captain’s part.
It's a shame that other channel that got taken down used the name "Meme Archives" Everything you cover is like a historical meme. A grand site for future generations to excavate and learn from. A brief glimpse into the cringe that was daily life.
I lost it at chinese twomad
I love the blatant use of mobile game ad avatars.
I've seen every episode of Golden Wind so I came fully prepared to understand what would be unfolding in this video.
what about the poor girl trapped in the magicians chest? did she get out? can't imagine how horrible of a death that would be if she didn't.
Concordia was too confusing for me, there were jump pads everywhere, and the small gravity that made jumps high didn’t help either.
god damn. now im scared of front facing boats and boats without lights
Thanks Internet Person for making me know things about things that happen/happened/happening in Italy and other places that aren't where I am that which I did not know before, but now I do! You've done a man's job, sir. It's a shame she won't live...but then again who does?
this is exciting, I love your recounting of shitstorms
Watching this as an italian, in Italy, near(ish) where the incident happened is a delight.
This one genuinely made me laugh
No more 45 min videos! Oh no what am I going to do with my time.. yeah no totally get it that's a ton of work. Your videos rock and keep me laughing. Thx man.
Great work as always! Loved it❤
This is going to be regarded as one of your best vids, really a majestic job. I'm only sorry for those who, not understanding italian, can't appreciate the pale figure made by Schettino as the Com. Di Falco told him to climb back the ladder and report to him how many peoples, women and childs were still onboard, only to be answered with "it's dark out there.... "  SCHETTINO VADA A BORDO, CAZZO! (Schettino, return on board, god damn it!!).
So wait, a 570 million dollar cruise can't get a better magic act then sawing a lady in half? The fuck am I paying for then?
Huge corporation pays a measly fine and gets away with it. Well if that ain't the norm for the past 30 or so years -_-
12:54 At least Martin the magician set the trapped lady free from his magic trick contraption before running away, can't say the same for the captain...
Love the sims 4 characters 😂 amazing video as always
if anyone says you're not allowed to film, you're definitely supposed to be filming lmao
"Oh man, this must be the climax of the story, right?" Video is only 10 minutes in "Dear god..."
I like ships now.... Thank u.. yeah
I like to imagine that most of his time, effort and best videos go to a channel no one has found yet.
is this why you wanted to learn italian? LMAO
give me hidden channel
Okay now do 9/11
This isn’t even internet history. This is just history. Great video tho.
14:04 Hey it's Igot McdemSholders
He uploaded
One of the best channels on youtube. I own 7 Nord VPNs!
Requesting a supercut of all of the ship explosion transitions.  Too funny :)
I will miss your long videos :(
Epic
The goddamn halo 3 intro hahah 😂😂😂
I was laughing too hard at the Linus ShipTips parody
how do you keep such an insane quality throughout all vour videos? its really impressive.
31:49 the italian comment on her Instagram photo says "leave cockpits alone, for the love of god!" LMAO
"but what most people dont know is that this is only the halfway point" haha nice *checks video time* HOLY SHIT IT IS
nice vid
Please make a video about Quadan Bayles!
I can't help but think the Historian plays PUBG Mobile with all these cut scenes..
Bill Burr had his fingers in this, trust me!
in the middle of the video, I actually got an ad saying "Do you like boating?" and the first thing I audibly said was "NOT ANYMORE"
My man just come to a random Indonesian fisherman and said: "you're hired"
this channel is the definition of "quality over quantity". take your sweet time making those amazing videos :)
thanks for the video
This sphagetti dude sucks
Watching this as a Russian is extra funny because "scotina" in Russian means "bastard" or "cattle"
OHHHH this is why you did Italian Lessons.
found your password I see.
14:00 penguinz0 joins the battle
Your video's are always put together so well. Commendatori!
Does someone know the music that plays after the 24:10 mark?
That’s why I cruise with Norwegian cruises😉
24:49
the amount of drama alert videos you had to go through to get snippets for that 5 second clip.. i'm truly sorry
I fucking love this show
That "deets" moment really got me.
I wasn't sure I've ever heard of this story until the "Captain abandoned ship and claimed he accidentally fell into the lifeboat" part came up and remembered people talking about how much of a coward and a liar he was. I'm glad to know more details about this story.
Finally remembered your password I see
"Only have mainstream news, so not gonna be super accurate." Canons fired.
Tenyér-arcolok ezen drága magyarok nagyokosságán wtf?!
God, I remember hearing about her in the news.
Ed time is always something to look forward to
As a hungarian am not even suprised that we tried to make some money out of a situation like this. welcome to hungary!!
Fun fact: Captain Schettino is still considered a meme in Italy Source: I'm from Italy
Shit this makes Harold Camping’s apocalypse look like charity work
Is Palombo Gorbo?
17:15 I love all of this. The music is great
Me starting the video: We all knowing where this is going don't we?
Wait what happened to the chick in the magic box?
43:50  I wasn't ready for that...
Where is the GME video?
Best channel on YouTube
Such a good video!
de falco looks like nick sandow lol
Where is the gamestop video?
The only channel with entertaining ads
I miss you
Lmfao. Legend.
tbh i thought the next video was going to be about Cyberpunk. pleasantly surprised tho
Holy shit how do I barely remeber this happening
28:17 i got so giddy when i heard the dead island music
This video has taught me that I'm apparently overqualified to steer a cruise liner
This ship captain sounds really incompetent like damn
800k views in 10hours he's going to the Moon Bois
OMG he finally got the password  to his main chanel back !
That ad, it feels strongly like you saw someone comment that and used it for your ad read. Great stuff
Gran turismo 6 Theme
When the salvage operation is two times more expensive than the damn thing itself, crazy.
Cant wait for the one about r/wallstreetbets
Looking forward to your video about GME
One day the bell will be found and we will all return to this masterpiece. Thankyou. Spicy
Shitshow Historian.
A lot of those sims characters look very familliar. Did you bortow lets game it out his sims characters? Or is it just coincidense?
lol teh bootleg titanic music
NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN!!!
Hornet theme used perfectly စᨆစ
Man Domnica sure is lucky, those 32 people only got to die once.
Why can't these people in charge ever admit how terrible the issue is?
That poor engineer lol
Dem seekrit channels doh
The Lace OST in the crash scene just reminded me of silksong :(
Help me out guys. The only other secret channel i know so far is "Internet Historian: Live". Anyone else know others?
I loved the video internet man cant wait 3 months for another one
I wasn't execting the goosebumps theme and now my childhood is flashing before my eyes. Thanks.  Also fantastic work, i knew none of this before today, and now feel i've got a decent understanding of a wild story
my brain expands with every new video
The punking of cyber 77 when?
35:48 thats funny music for a ship in a video about a ship
AMAZING! You outdid yourself once again!
Absolutely phenomenal, truly outdone yourself again good sir. I think you really did this story justice in keeping it entertaining but not ignoring the fact that lives were lost due to absolute stupidity on behalf of multiple parties. I truly despise all involved with sinking the ship and those who covered their own arses (Carnival Corp).
Absolutely beautiful
The truth is that for my entire life I'll see my 2012 photo class dressed up by Schettino suits and a sign "Vada a bordo c***o".
hold on, im reversing it "beep bep bepppbeeep beep"
The transitions got me every goddamn time.
Good stuff
How does a man who killed 32 people only get 26 years though. Seems not nearly steep enough. Not to mention every single idiotic motherfucker that put him in charge should probably also be in jail
HE'S BACK YES
The problem with leadership in Italy is that you get higher positions the more dumb and "Friendly with the right people" you are. Thank You for this video! You truly are one of the best!
I don't know exactly how you do it but these videos seems to always perfectly capture the human condition. Stealing the bell, for example, is just such a human thing to do. Like, of course they took the fucking bell.
19:07 nice Hollow Knight music 22:38 nice Halo music 24:11 nice more Halo music
la verità somersa means the submersed truth and i find it funny how you say cazzo
Man now we have to wait for a new video
Wait...IH is white?!
Women...
Oh mamma mia
HAND REVEAL LETS GOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Great video! You cheeky, you slipped HK soundtrack in there. Nice touch.
You are brilliant. Nothing else to say, just wanted you to know.
i feel so bad for her   she died 2 times
Oh man Jesse offering the money had me dying
I didn't expect to ever hear the word "sponson" on your channel, but whatever floats your boat...
Why is the harbormaster played by Jim Pickens though?
Love the halo music
The costa concordia was not the largest ship disaster since the titanic. The sinking of the MC Sewol probably was. 304 people died there. It was more a ferry and not a cruise ship but I just wanna point out that that happened too. Also, it's very sad you didn't use more of that phone call between the captain and the coast guard. That was so badass.
QUALITY CONTENT! ALSO NICE EDITING. I like the references you use for your vids.
24:10 This is the part that Portal 2 feels kicks in.
I knew once i heard theres an indonesian on board that ship, he will probably escape responsibility.      And he did lol.
38:30 this is the hardest I've laughed in weeks, thank you Internet Historian
I remember hearing about this back in 2012, all I knew back then was that there was a giant cruise that sunk. Now I know so much more.
Who is Mitch Duffy at the bottom of the description? All I found was a channel full of John Butler songs and a few playlists. May lead to hidden channel, and possibly some ARG across all of the recent Internet Historian videos
Jacob Rusli Bin means Jacob Rusli, Son Of
Asmongold cameo is here 35:16 I hope the bald guy react to this video xD
24:05 largest cruise ship disaster since the titanic? have you even heard of the MS Estonia? 852 people died
I know that's MGS music, but I hope it's MGS2. TANKER
You are really stepping up your game...
YouTube: Did you get what you wanted? Internet Historian: Yes YouTube: What did it cost you? Internet Historian: A Concordia
Who put Anatoly Dyatlov in charge of a cruise ship?!
I would love it if Martin the magician was sawing her in half when the ship scraped the rocks
Imagine scumbags like that captain weild important positions not only in goverment. Disgusting.
Why was the police chief wearing a US Army officer's uniform
Holy shitnuggets the production quality of this video is insanely good! What in the Kentucky Fried FUCK posessed y'all to put so much effort into this!?
_sPIcy_
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
they need to make a movie out of this XD
spicy
Captain: I was last to leave Other 120 passengers still on board: why u bully me
Pooog he's back!
I died for the second time watching this video - not because of crush with my psychological brain but because of it's beauty.
This is a well done documentary  Chapeau
The fact I'm literally rewatching this from yesterday shows how fucking good IH videos are
This memetic documentary is a contemporary art form! Entertainment at its finest.
"from whence"
I think you missed Halo 3 - Luck in the description for the music
Who the fuck hires a dude who cant understand orders?
New favorite channel. 10/10
Didn't even notice it was 40 minutes. We salute you for your efforts, man. I'm always blown away with the editing and research you put in your videos.
That drama alert bit cracked me up so much
Based!
I wake up, internet historian uploaded Instant click 46 long minute video  My body is not yet ready for this. I must make arrengements for tonight
The greatest YouTuber is finally with us
Im surprised the captain didn't get sucker punched and a mutiny where declarer.
I expected this to be on university tuition
Finally, after months and months and months finally he has come back, I fell blessed, I fell secure, I fell happy, and I fell Internet Historían.
And that was WITHOUT saying that it was "unsinkable by god"
vada a bordo cazzo
If you made an movie like this with your narration I'll throw all the money at you
24:21 If you would’ve asked me what that was I would have said an abandoned theatre in Gary or Detroit.
Making puns in an emergency... what a legend.
I'm actually surprised the appeal didn't change the sentence. Someone higher up must have wanted him in jail ASAP so that the investigation would not escalate further.
12:30 feels like a zero escape game
I see a 47 minute Internet Historian video, I clear the schedule. Das it.
Jacob you son of a bitch lol
I need more 45 minute videos though??
WHENNA DA SHIPPA HITTA DA ICE LIKEA BIGGA PIZZA PIE .... THATS AMORE !!!!
Internet Historian's edits never fail to make me heavy exhale out my nostrils
Btw the thing about cocaine in hair is there's a forensic theory (no clue how accurate it is, didn't get very far in my forensics degree), that often narcotics will pass through the system and be deposited out in the hair as salts and other compounds (they would typically fall off other parts of the body, the hair just acts as a net to catch it)
sigla tg5 type beat
Your videos are absolute class!
Linus ShipTips LMAOOO 🤣
Lady in box is the worst situation to be in with a ship with hole in it.
It was worth waiting 5 months
Welp this was great can't wait to rewatch this over 100 times.....see yall in 2 months
Finally, some more content to the "ad cinematic universe" great video, thanks
Brother, next time you need help with an italian story hit me up, I'll translate for you
Someone pinch me, I think I'm dreaming
Great content, unbelievable storytelling skills.
1:40 Wait what?!  Never knew this tidbit
Anyone else thinking we need a Zombie map on the abandoned ship?
I wanna learn a whole uni degree in this format
i remember the story from long ago
This took me through so many more phases than i could have never reached when on drugs.
I actually remember the Livestreams of the ship getting put upright again
Always hilarious! Do what you’re like but I fucking love your 40 minute videos man
Wow, a release from the actual official channel for once!
Love your videos but HOLY SH$$T THIS ONE IS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
This is anxiety in a video
bella lì, form Italy
Really good video!
When you first showed Domnica Cemortan on screen I thought it was pryocynical faceapp-ed to be a girl but no she actually looks like that
I never thought I wanted ytp's of Keemstar so badly in my life
He has returned
Did the magician's assistant get out of the box or what??
cruise ships put out some of the W O R S T pollutants ever, and in the ocean no less, not only the concentrated death that is crude oil emissions but all the waste they just dump out into the water. the staff are often over worked and underpaid, and the business that run these ships are so corrupt it would make Russia or America blush.
Titanic 2 Electric Boogaloo
These are some of the best documentaries out there! Time to collab with Idubbbz
The Magicians Circle would like to have a word with you
what is this MASTER PIECE!
damn this is gooooooddd shieeettt
15:24 I'm sure that's a theme from MGS, it just feels like it.  Great video as always, with each one your edits become better!
I can't wait till Netflix totally doesn't rip this off and do a doc on this same story in 10 months only to have Hulu do a better one.
The sims characters are perfect lol
Oh baby I've been waiting for this for so long
It's a bit unfair they sentenced the helmsman to 1 year and 8 months. All he did was follow orders. He wasn't in a position to make decisions. The worst thing he did was not understand either English or Italian, which is more the responsibility of the company for employing someone unqualified. In my opinion and based on what was presented in the video, fleeing was the right thing to do. Good on him.
Ironically I started getting interested in ships again and now Internet Historian bombards me with this masterpiece *”There are no accidents.” - Master Oogway*
If only the captain played forza, he would know how to backwards reverse drift
Seez nuts
40: 30 Hey It is mandalore's halloween special!
Nice
That Linus Tech Tips parody is a stroke of genius.
Gg
watched it last night just came back to drop my like!
Oh shit I remember hearing about this back in Highschool. This story was so fucking funny.
I love this god damn channel
Wow this was quite the ride. Internet Historian can turn any subject into the most entertaining video on Youtube, what a legend.
as Indonesian, I'm embarrassed by the helm :< I can assure you many of us can speak english in casual way :<
for some reason i thought the video was going to be about the diamond princess situation lmao
Neat.
I feel like carnival hasnt suffered enough for this incident, it was the captains fault but carnival still hired all these assholes to run a cruise ship probably because they were cheap to save money.
26:21 lmao “who steals a big fuck off bell!” Lmao  Ps You did an amazing job on this bro
Someone help me find the secret channel please.
I love how the jail time music is so calming
Keemstar edit was god tier
RIP the 45 min videos they will be missed
Btw if you want another spicy meatball sauce for another video you can check out the Monster of Florence case. It gets spicier because at some point the FBI is involved
Please make a video about the Genova bridge as well.
When he animated the mouth, I got a genuine fright.
Excellent. I look forward to seeing your account of the Jan 6 riots in Washington.
The lover is just britta from community. ‘Spreads litter on a clean street to protest not having enough bins, next to the bins’
I sailed in Italy last year and I sailed by the wreckage
@46:00 I'M SO GLAD MORE PEOPLE LOVE THAT SOUND! I crack up everytime I hear it, thank you for an amazing video
This is like if Monty Python directed Titanic.
Great video
Man the insurance pay out mustve been insane.
I’m just gonna assume the bottom half of the magic act made it out OK.   Another great video - excellent editing skills. Thanks.
25:14 is probably the best clip ever. The ultimate dedication to a joke. Also LinusShipTips when?
Your work is amazing, congrats !
its like watching national geographic ship crashesh, but better
... Secret channels? Am I the only one that heard that? And Mr. Historian, you not going to give us a hint or something? Just a pat on the back and a punch in the teeth? Cmon, ya can’t do us like that
25:40 I know it ain't much, but seeing a local shopping mall from my little country makes me smile inside.
What the hay is up with the commercial cruise lines lack of international regulation ?!?   In the southern US, it takes a very long time for someone to get the licenses to drive a push boat ...  6+ years of deckhand experience is required before training for wheelman is allowed, and many years of safe driving experience before a captain's license can be obtained.  This is just to drive a little push boat that moves barges around the rivers and lakes.
I missed you, historian.
That altercation between Schettino and De Falco was the stuff of legend for months to come here in Italy.  Schettino was a fucking asshole.  Great video as always ❤
Hello, can someone help me, what music is playing from 13:58 - 14:22?
Italian here, "Le verità sommerse" means "the Submerged truths" 41:00
did ANYONE get the girl out of the magician box? i'm losing sleep over this.
still waiting for The Fall of 77
I didn't know a video where most of the characters are sims characters or stock images could be so action-packed
This made my day a whole lot better
"Largest cruiseship disaster since the titanic" On what scale? ms estonia sunk in 1994 and 852 people died.
Rip to everyone who died.
Was convinced the next vid was going to be about gamestop. Happy I was wrong
oh heck yes a new video!
Omg this is such a wild rid haha thanks for uploading, I love the inclusion of the sims
Day 1001 until i find out if internet historian is a genius or a troll
I rarely watch near-hour long videos, but if it's by the Internet Historian I would gladly watch every second of it
Give us the secret channels!
Secret channels you say?
Spicy!
Was hoping for a Gamestop or Fallout: The Frontier video, but damn this was actually incredible
Ah yes, leg of prosciutto is my favorite Italian politician
I hate boats
Damn this was better then a movie
Superb storytelling
I think the reason they found no drugs on the Concordia was because Domnica used it all, it would certanly explain why it wounds like she has two malfunction neurons.
*boat*
The sound bite of Rose throwing the necklace into the water really caught me off guard 😅
Linus shiptips killed me
This is excellent work. Keeps you watching.
As an italian this is gold content
Are we gonna talk about the fact that the internet historian made a beautiful pasta meal just for a bit?
the inclusion of sims characters is a great addition to the artistic style of narration
What's with all the sims' faces? You keep getting into trouble??
Skullgirls Main Menu theme? Poggers
She's in an Airbus A320 She'll be fi- Wait what's that shaking feeling and noise "STALL, STALL"
In a perfect world, men like me would use NordVPN. But this is not a perfect world
This is more detail ,than most docs on this .
Thanks for answering the question at the very beginning
Do a video on wallstreetbets!
I suppose it was too much to ask that no one would die from this..  thanks for bringing attention to this at least
Internet Historian went in-depth like im watching a NatGeo or History Channel documentary about the titanic
And then halo 3 at 24:10????  Damn so gooooooddd
I remember when this Captain got in trouble. I thought the biggest thing he did wrong was just abandon ship while an emergency situation was going on. I did not realize how bad he fucked up until this video
A ship a day takes a man away
The pace was painful this time
Probably one of the best channels on Youtube. Great video, equally amusing and informative as always.
Entertaining Story, Thx.
Oh my, I missed you so much Internet Historian!
Ah yes. Beautiful.
"Some Australian guy" , don't pretend it wasn't you.
LmaoxD
He remembered his password
Oh.. Sweet sweet Nordman..
linus ship tips
YOOOOOOO HALO MUSIC
Babe wake up, Internet Historian just posted a new video
noooo waaaaay a new video, i was rewatching yours last night lol
Does a ship really need to get hual rekt everytime there is a collision?
Halo 2 ost so damn good 23:00
I don't know how you do it but you always manage to find stuff that I never would have cared about and turn it into the most interesting thing I've ever seen
23:34 imagine this couple just believed in "just blackou, back to cabine"
The amount of incompetency shown by the crew is perfectly enhanced by the ridiculous visuals...
WE WANT CYBERPUNK
NordVPN Man: Day 56 of playing Russian Roulette... Me: Oh, so he must win a lot NordVPN Man: Seems I... never win. Me: how are you still alive
I may already know the whole story about the Concordia, but I know I'm gonna enjoy the Internets's favorite historian telling it.
"but this isn't the end, it's just the halfway point" YOOOO!!!!
I was super entertained all the time thanks for the great content .
where do we ask the questions for the Q and A?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOKKKK
Awesome thanks for the laughs
The production on this is beautiful
OMG HAND REVEAL?
I am italian and I still remember the day this happened, but this is honestly the best explanation I've ever heard of what happened
"...and she was ready to cruise again." lmaoxd
Holy shit. This boat. I always thought it was a Korean ship. Well thanks Internet Historian for making this video. Now I know it’s Italian.
Thank you for digging your hands through spaghetti for this video
This is pure art.
Oh no
Can't wait for the Internet Historian video on the Gamestop saga
I had an ad on ed tiem..
These videos are always the best :D
omg skullgirls music very gud
А чего вы ждали от человека с фамилией Скотина?
Could it really be
"Coincidentally, at the same time in the restaurant, they're playing "My heart will go on""   Ok, there's no way that's a coincidence. Either someone put it rolling as a joke or that's definite proof of the existence of God and that He has a sense of humour.
Sir, you have honestly one of the best channels on YouTube.  You should do a collab video with Internet Comment Etiquette; y'all could call it Internet History Etiquette.
I remember this story. It dominated the news here in Europe for months in early 2012.
Nooo, I love the long videos.
You gotta do Tanacon someday
This was a fucking masterpiece. Well done my dude.
24:12 Looking at these pictures of the luxurious ship after being left underwater has *so much* Bioshock vibes.
the payday music will always hype me... and the cloakers will always scare me  ps: you have outdone yourself yet again, love ur videos and keep up the great work, much love
Can’t believe this man ruined a perfectly good dish of spaghetti for a quick joke
LINUS SHIPTIPS! hahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhaahah oh GOD this is gold
Cyberpunk when
Man I love that hollow knight hornet ost
I feel the Spider-Man 2 pizza theme would be appropriate music for the bridge
Linusshiptips had me dying. Damn I love this channel
Need more Linus Ship tips
This is the valentine gift I've been waiting for... the only valentine gift... its not even about valentines... it was all about the gift I got along the way. Just the one... just this... thank you
Fun fact: apparently while the ship was sinking several people were stuck in the lifts and had to wait and slowly drown to death over the course of a few hours while the lifts filled with water
Oh , I thought this was a second channel sundance rejects lol
Anyone else think of the car seat headrest song?
Thanks for this, there's still a lot of interesting italian stories please do  another one
This is one of your best videos ever
Damn I want Martin the Magician to perform at my party
As an italian i have to say that this is one of the best records i have seen about the costa concordia, mainstream media were very meh on this case
Okay, this is the most Italian story I've heard for a while
"the deets" had me properly laugh
Linus Dbrand Tips are gonna sue ya.
The deaths above all others that scare me are the ones who died in the elevators.
As of me being an italian myself, i really love how someone finally covered this story in its entirity and in a very clear and funny way!
I had an AD in which I heard, “retards, be both”
Keep making long videos
Pixar levels of animation here, especially the slow motion scene when the ship crashed
Sea and ocean are different, mainly in salt concentration and temperature. Where the Concordia crashed was the Tirreno sea, not ocean.
I luv u Internet historian
5:37 - Silvia *CORONICA*? Is she the mother of Corona?  XD
He has something in his pants and its aint courage
I find it so funny that the coastguard literally yelled at the captain to "Get back on board, for fuck's sake". Imagine how pissed the coast guard was when he heard that the captain, the guy they were getting orders from, already left.
What a unit, you absolute legend. Cheers 🍻
Great stuff!
It even has a watermark
Boy it sure would be a shame if someone murdered the captain.
How did a janitor with no sailing experience and no English or Italian get past the job interview for a helmsman position on a Cruise ship ? I drive forklifts. Could I get a job piloting a plane in France?
I'm just waiting for the Cyberpunk video.
Ah yes, Lemmino's distant cousin of Documentary Film with Meme finally upload a video in 5 months Bless You
man i remember when i died from the crush in my psychological brain
Looong have I waited. You did not disappoint.
Quick question? If the captain is giving orders that unnecessarily endangers lives is it legal to kill him/her?
19:09 Did I just hear the Hornet theme? Yes I did, noice
Man i enjoy how the internet historian is passive agressive to a ship.
Half a billion to build huh? Seems like it Costa lot....
Therapist: Talking Historian isn't real, he can't hurt you. Talking Historian: 2:10 Therapist: OK then... well, SNIFFING HISTORIAN isn't real, he can't hurt you. Sniffing Historian: 0:19
I need The Deets pot
The lip-syncing of Internet Historian @ 2:11 makes me uncomfortable
And that kids...  Is why you should never cut cost for a helmsman
Chaos Theory has one of the BEST soundtracks
he found the password!!
Start the new rescue helicopter
What happened to the slide life boats cargo ships use? They ment to safely send a lifeboat into the water of the ship is tilted.
Therapist: Talking Historian isn't real, he can't hurt you. Talking Historian: 2:10
That 44:00 LTT intro had me confused. I legit have a LTT video next in queue. Great video as always btw.
Fascinating and sad o-o. I'm looking for De Falco video now.
Wait. I still have so many questions... Was the captain a descendant of Stede Bonnet? Was the bell ever found? Who'd win in a fight between NordVPN man and Raycon man? What is more important: internet security or to avoid wires at all cost?
No more 45s? Fuck I love that format
The legendary artisan makes another masterpiece!
Informative if unexpected. It must have been haunting to see that ship off shore for years.
YouTube gave me 2 15 second unskippable ads. Thank god I know to press, stop seeing this ad. Fuck YT and their corporate greed.
Even though I know it's so highly expected to the point where it will never happen.... I still clung to hope praying the next Internet Historian video would be on cyberpunk aka cyberjunk aka lyingpunk aka embargopunk aka overpromiseunderdeliverpunk...
This is a masterpiece
really perks up my day seeing Internet historian posting another video. I don't think there's another content greater that can make me laugh this hard
Kesalahan utama, pake warga +62 yang gak berpengalaman, gak punya pengetahuan, dan parahnya, gak bisa bahasa enggres!!
Wait, it was the biggest cruise accident since Titanic? What about MS Estonia?
Pilon is an absolute lifesaver. That man tried his best at all times.
Hmm not be rude but 'biggest cruise liner accident since Titanic' how about Estonia?
Your mouth animations are distracting. More effort than I'm use to.
But wait, he never said what happened to the woman in the box? 11:07 I thought this was setting up an interesting/tragic conclusion
Maybe there's more to the story I'm missing but those engineers seem like they really did all they could under the circumstances. Can't imagine running into those flooded compartments or working on those overheating machines was particularly safe.
This feels a bit tasteless; 32 people died, after all. The other fuck ups you cover aren't fatal.
I was about to fall asleep when you released this....damn you
As an Italian i can assure you that we're not all like Schettino
my new favorite anime
at first I thought it was "just" another awesome Internet Historian video, and then he talks about Moldova and such, me being from Romania :) ahhh
38:50 sadly in italian De Falco does not say anything that has to do with boats. "A boatload" is just the expression used by whoever translated the dialogue.
At 31:49 a comment states ''Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per caritá'' which translates in ''dear god please stay out of cockpits''
Worth the 5 month wait
Beautiful that Italy is remembered for thing like this
1:34 Titanic was actually rated up to four compartments flooded
That police chief is special forces, I do not doubt his skills
REPORTED
“You’re not allowed to make film movie”.  If someone says that you aren’t allowed to film during an emergency or disaster, they ain’t there to help, they’re there for corporate/social damage control.
xd
This is fucking insane.
That first minute gives me goosebumps.. what a way to open a masterpiece 👌🏻
My favorite part about this is the Sims imagery
Slayer games  I'm comming home!
Colossal ?
Therapist: Sniffing Historian isn't real, he can't hurt you. Sniffing Historian: 0:19
Great use of Hornet
I love this video
This is the best film of the year.
*46-minute-long video... is commensurate*
Okay, but why is there this shitty ad about a bad ship captain and court cases around my Nord VPN video?
Result, 40min upload!! Aren't we lucky hehe 🙂
FANTASTIC
as a hungarian, the pronunciation at 35:59 is on point
Babe wake up Internet Historian posted!
but what happened to the girl in the box
I feel like the spaghetti and olive oil flying all over the place during the crash might not have happened, but internet historian would never be inaccurate.
this linus roast im fucking dead ahaha  43:52
holy fuck linus shiptips I thought you couldn't one up your other 50 thousand jabs.
this is absolutely incredible
You know its a good day when there's new Internet historian
Well, this was depressing. My hatred for Italy grows.
Oh yeah, taht accident, I almost forgot about it, ash been a while^^
I like the choice of music for all this. lol
HE FINALLY REMEMBERD HIS PASSWORD LETS GOOOO
Your ads are better content than, like, 90%, of Youtube.  Make of that what you will
No more 45 minute videos ?!? 😱😨😭
I and a friend (ricardo lima) work for costa (3 years), and we can confirm that the cocaine smuggling on the ships is a thing, this is way the crew is talk to don't call local authorities don't matter what
Ok so I'm italian  As soon as he said "Schettino" I knew where this was going
10/10 Will hire incompetent officers again.
typical russian libtard: there is no corruption in the West!!!1  >Concordia happens  libtard: Oh..Well, it's just a coincidence. Nothing to see here people.
This is beautiful
That was an experience
I thought the next video would've been about reddit vs wall street
360 degrees, not great not terrible
Cant wait for Cyberpunk
Omg he remember his password!
Also, in 2014 Schettino was invited to a pretty important university to give a lecture about Panic Control of all things lol
looks like geoffrey landgraab should have just stayed a secret agent
smh you said "it's just the halfway point" when you were actually 3,49% past the halfway point of the video
I like the voice reveal
the quality of your videos is truly outstanding
I learned a lot.
This video is unironically more informative than a national geographic show on the same topic holy shit
19:53 "hold on im reversing it. beep beep, beep, be beep" lmfao
I watched this just before going to bed last night, and my dreams were annotated by your voice.  I’m scared.
The Linus ship tips killed me.😂
AHH HELL YEAH, HE BE BACKKKKK
Man this was great
Return of the king
That was excellent, now to wait another 9 months for the next baby.
Finally a new video. He’s back!
I know the song from 39:40 but I can't remember where, someone halp pls its like a steering wheel on me crotch.  Edit : Finally remembered. Its the stage music for Tusk from Killer Instinct 2.
yeeea
35:18 Asmon <3
The King has returned! Thank you Internet Historian.
This is the only channel where I look forward to the ad as much as the actual video
HE'S BACK
You messed up a key detail. In italy, by law, all anchors are actually large biscotti
Well done sir, this was entertaining
I’ve added this to my porn playlist because DAAAAMMMM!! This was some good shit!
Such a marvelous dumpster fire
Just thirld world country things
Can’t wait for dominica’s instagram to be flooded with not agains
that 6:25 edit is just terrific
40:27 This is the song that my spouse and I make love to.
*collision* oh this must be wrapping up... 47 MINUTES?!
not 'caSo'.... -.-
BABE WAKE UP NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN
Why would any cruise liner in any circumstance play My Heart Will Go On?
Incredible, can't wait for both Netflix and Hulu to simultaneously make half-assed rushed documentaries on the Costa Concordia that are twice as long but only half as good and half as accurate
Liking before I even watch. I have faith
💀😂bro Linus Ship Tips I'm dead af
When will Internet Historian get a Netflix show.
I love how he menaged to pronounce ALL the names wrong! 👌👏😂
damn 24:00 looks straight out of fallout
Did they even slow acceleration.
Fuck. I love long format though
I would totally subscribe to Linus ShipTips!
This was an amazing watch well worth the wait
You have been gone for far too long!!!
I absolutely love your editing style
25:01 and he rest is just the same isn't it?
41:00 me being italian... Le verità sommerse. From a literal translation It means "submerged truths" the name jokes around with the term "sommerso=submerged" to instead express the word "hidden or untold". It ironised about the truths which sunk among the ship.
“Just an electrical problem, nothing to see here.”  Dude, we saw the boat hit the fucking rock.
Great video. And love the Skullgirls music at 35:00
Love the hollow knight music as the ship is evacuated
Wait did they actually play "My heart will go on" while it was sinking     Cuz that's just funny
Am I the only one who feels bad for the helmsman? It was his mistake that caused the ship to sink, but it was the mistake of hiring someone who could barely speak english/italian with no sailing experience to helm a half-billion-dollar cruise ship that got him into that position in the first place.
Bout frickin time
more educational than skewl
Oh boy this is a rare moment
Seems like no one learned a lesson in this....
I bet he breaks his own 45 min. video rule after two videos
Dear historian, thats racist!   Benis
Imagine the embarrassment, all of this chaos, danger, and panic. Just because of a captain trying to show off... Then the situation being made worse by the captain refusing to take proper action during the emergency out of pride... I hope the captain never got behind the steering wheel of another ship. *edit* I hadn't completely finished the video yet. The fact that 32 people had to die, just because of this reckless and pointless stunt... I'm speechless. 32 families hurting, grieving, and changed for ever, just because of this one captains pride and ignorance... Insane
Hi
All of this is literally Italy incarnated. Everything there works like this, nepotism, cheapness, machismo...
i already know most of this story, but what really surprised me was the fact that this captain actually crash 2 diff ship before. one just ram into port!! at this stage i cant even blame the captain for this incident. it the company fault for not seeing the red flags and fire this freakazoid.
Can't believe you made a video about this...goddamn Schettino
amazing video as always
this makes that song 'the ballad of the costa concordia' so much funnier
Tbh good on the passengers for going straight to muster stations tho
Interesting movie.
Eladó a hajó vízbojlere, itt lehet érdeklődni.
Oh barnacles!
While Costa Concordia was one of the largest cruise ship disasters ever monetarily speaking, there have been many worse ones in terms of lives lost. One example is the M/S Estonia that sunk in 1994 and claimed 852 lives.
This is the most Italian thing in history
The mayor sounds like a someone who id elect
Let’s go boys a new video, see you guys next year
Cruise prices after that were so cheap, me and family all went on a cruise. Great time!
good music choice with the mgs 2 tanker alert theme.
the fact that he using a sims face for expression... thats brilliant idea
God damnit this man is a comedy genius.
11:45 lol actually thought that my phone was ringing
If my classes we're like Internet Historian videos i could have been a doctor
Tip: never follow the titanic
"you are not allow make film movie" Bruh
16:50 Concorida ships dont sink, this engineer is delusional, take him to infirmary
This is better than most movies that are made these days
Pog
You seen seconds from disaster ( National geography i think. It's a documentary)
typo in the text at 4:07
I see the Landgraabs are up to no good, as usual.
43:51 had me dying
Bless you, Internet Historian ♥️
The captain doesn't deserve to live
Before the horror event of corona virus
Absolutely brilliant. 10/10
Hilarious
Costa sinkcordia and franco chesnut
I can't believe that there wasn't a single Pirates of the Carribean joke
Imagine being the captain of a half billion dollar vessel about to bodyslam the rocks and instead of taking over you pat your indonesian cleaning boy's back and say:  "Ay mate, you just keep trying okay?"
Is this what we learned Italian for?
If Randy Pitchford owned a cruise ship he would be this captain.
Who was the madlad who actually put this video on the official Costa Concordia Wikipedia page? Edit: And it's been taken down already. Lmao.
I just realised something....your the internet historian....WHAT THE HELL DOES THE CONCORDIA INCIDENT HAVE TO DO WITH THE INTERNET!!?
that ad was awesome. the background commentary hit the spot perfectly
As an Italian, I'm proud of you  Get my unofficial MAMMA MIA™ Seal Of Approval!
More videos are nice, but these long vids have been absolutely amazing I will miss them.
LSTSTORE[DOT]COM
i like the halo music
*Sees name Domnica Cemortan* : "Oh please,god, don't be Romanian" *Finds out she's Moldovan* : HA! THE NEIGHBOURS GET TO CLAIM HER
Damn, I'm more careful with my virtual battleships of 50k tons in WoWs than this autistic captain
7:50 payday 2 cruise liner  heist when ?  Jokes aside that was a good song selection for that scene.
No idea how this company didn’t go under after this fiasco.   Get it “under”
I cried
Once again a good video
I don't think I've ever said the words *"oh no"* so many times in such quick succession before now.
46 minute video from the internet historian? based and redpilled
Such an amazing video
This was worth the wait
The Gran Turismo 6 garage music at 3:35 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Wow a new video. Iv'e been waiting for two generations
I'm looking forward to shorter and more videos, but please please pleeeeease still do the occasional long form 45+ minute video. I've watched the engoodending of no man's sky more times than I care to admit. 😭
Jesus Christ.
Omg a new video
beautiful man don't ever sell your soul to a tv station
But I really like the long videos 🥺
**SPICY**
Love the Hornet theme music
Interesting birthday present...
At this point it's just stupid history
Why was I so excited and thinking the ship was gonna make it out I already know the outcome. Good narration Internet Historian.
The laziest Hollywood hack writer couldn't come up with a more perfectly named cast of Italian characters.
But I like these long videos =/
Oh boy here we go
I never knew a dumbass from my country is also responsible in this shipwreck
i think internet historian spent 90% of his time making those sims
this is a masterpiece
Btw her name is pronounced Domnica Chemortan.
38:31 Anyone know what song is this?
Nice try. We all know you won't stop from your 45 minutes videos.
I hope Captain Schitino enjoys his last 18 years of his prison sentance for abaondoning his ship. It dosnt stop there. Before she hit the rock. He went to the ballroom and he had an afair with some lady. so that also makes him a Cheater on his former wife.
Best video of 2021 so far!  I love the memes, the investigative journalism is okay I guess.
so you do know your other yt passwords glad to see you are still making the best content
Commenting for the algorithm
It could've been worse. They could've offered 500 atoms in in-game currency as compensation
It's so crazy I wrote a "current report" on this very ship crash back in middle school
I'll check back in about 5 years for the Morandi bridge story
Famous in Moldova is like saying I’m rich in Uganda
Best video yet
INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO YESSSSS
Shoutouts to the passenger's daughter for very likely saving multiple lives.
Return of the king
I mean really epic
This was epic
Always a delight when you upload
"linus ShipTips" made me laugh
fuck big boats
Simple story: A mafia drug stupid simp confused a person that doesn't speak English or italian that crashed a ship (And drugs)
I was half asleep when Internet Historian uploaded this video so I thought that this video was just a sweet dream
(in the box) let me out, let me out
Still dont understand how this channel has less than 10mil
She looks like fortnite dance kid
Bravissimo!
your story telling is very engaging. hahaha
Mate, get to handling gamestonks as soon as you can. This year is making your stories for you, lmfa
Car Seat Headrest
"Like... a lot of water?" "YES" I don't know why that cracked me up.  Such good timing.
Somebody should make a horror game using the post rollover pics as references, those look like some badass levels and atmosphere
this event happened 7 days before my ninth birthday. I will never forget that day.
Anyone else notice the police chief at 22:30 in infantry dress blues?
you are the best
Sims characters are just perfect fit
Why did they hire a crew who can't communicate? Diversity?
One if the BEST videos youve done cazzo
I was expecting a video on CDPR or the GME shenenigans but this is a welcome surprise.
This could be a good place for a Bioshock sequel.
Excellent, loved every bit
this was so intersting and im so mad at the captain its ridicoulous
Damn she a romanian,kinda explains everything
sorry man i tried nord vpn it barely works it's terrible
Man... Internet Historian doen't miss. Even despite the wait, he didn't dissapoint.
MAKE THE ADS LONGER PLS I LOVE THEMMMM
This is legitimately more engaging than most documentaries. Can this please become a legitimate format, sims mixing with real life stills included.
Who actually goes on these types of cruises. I've never met anyone who has lol
You've done it again Mr. Historian, you magnificent bastard. *TOP KEK*
So many bad ideas like why do cruisses exist?
Internet historian is the only channel that I watch included promotions for the fun of it.
Nothing could go wrong The story of his stories
Jesus, the ship after being rolled over for so long rotting away looks like Rapture from the Bioshock games
Finally, the deets have been zipped. Appreciate your thorough zippage, Internet Historian.
Oh this will be epic
9 hours and 700,000+ views and still no trending
28:20 with this whole tropical disaster setting I was waiting for the Dead Island main menu theme to appear
That Hornet Theme is 👌🙏🙌
Hand reveal? I can die satisfied now
A
"We only have mainstream news reports so it wont be accurate" ... so damn true. Amazing video as usual boss
Immense video. Started it thinking this belonged on incognito mode. Ended thinking it was one of the best you've ever made
hmm.... our ship is potentially sinking and people are panicking. Let's play my heart will go on!
One of your best videos yet. It’s still hilarious but exciting!
Love these in lockdown
Hiring a dude that painted and cleaned for a living and barely speaks english or italian to steer a half a billion ship with a shitton of people on board gotta be the biggest meme of this entire thing
My favorite episode ever
Already knowing the outcome of the Concordia and watching this video is like watching a horrible car crash in slow motion that you already knew about or in this case a ship crash.
Im just waiting for the fallout:the frontier video
He remembered his password
God I love these videos
Damn, I live in Italy when this happened, the news were all about this incident
I love how must ship wrecks are caused by incompetence, and trying to show off.
I don't know what's better first bayblade meme or second
30:44  *oooooaaaeeeeuuu re:zero sound effect*
It's understandable if you want to put out more videos to get more engagement etc but I really loved these longer videos and didn't mind the wait with the 2nd channel humming along. As long as sponsor commitments don't prevent you I think you should feel free to bang out another 30 min + whenever the topic warrants it.
uh maze ing content as always
this was gr8
Internet Historian is simply the best youtuber around. Literally a legend of the internet.
and there they are the deets
Pretty sure the bell was stolen by a local goose
Incredible!  I was thinking of this story a few weeks ago. Great video
spicy indeed. VERY spicy.
This is great but where’s our GAMESTONKS video?
Ngl domnica looks like pyrocynical but woman
God damn your editing is next level.  It just keeps getting better
3:36 do I smell Gran Turismo music?
Marvin the Magician you scrub
I damn near shit my pants, thinking it was the third corona video in a row
What is it with the name "Concorde" what just spells disaster
Tusk theme was not expecting.
I hope someone proudly displays that goddamn ship bell in their house.
As an Italian, this is so fucking fantastic and well edited.  Grazie.
Your production quality is off the charts man
Seems like most of the senior bridge crew were completely incompetent tbh
More content from my favourite YouTuber.
Ohhh shit.
When he upload a video you khow that your day will be great
That chick saying he is wasn't allowed to film makes my blood boil. The sheer audacity.
The ship created a whole pile of after effects didn't it?
funny thing is that the competent court for the first instance trial was a town called Grosseto, which had to transfer procedings in a local cinema (the one you see at 30:05)  because the courthouse was too small to hold all the witnesses and lawyers representing the survivors who were suing Schettino's ass.
*sees another 45 min video* Yes YES YEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAA-
That's one of the most fire like to dislike ratios I've ever seen.
Sooo did we just forget about the lady in the box?
16 years   And one “fuck you” month.
I really wasn't gonna click on this video cause idk this channel but I'm glad I watched it and I'm now subscribed
the fact that the company got away with hiring someone with 0 qualification to be a captain, as a captain, is astounding. but companies have $$ so i guess that makes them invulnerable.
Fuck yeah, I love this story. Best telling of the incident I've ever heard. I CLAPPED
"Hold on, I'm reversing it... bip bip bip bip" hahahaha, that part killed me.
I never thought part of my home City would ever be a part of one of your videos. I was stoked when I saw that you've uploaded again!
Ok... so hype for the secret channels? anyone know anything about these?
This was a religious experience
schettino essere come 🅱orco🅱io
The harbormaster is like "Hey, guy, we heard your ship is listing, is this true?"  and the captain is like: _"nah man, we good"_
Friendship ended with James Cameron. Internet Historian is my oceanliner movie maker now.
"Le verità sommerse" translates to "the submerged/underwater truths".  What a jokester, Schettino.
This was... S P I C Y
As italian i can say that Is kinda accurate the reality was kinda worst actually but Is ok
when will rich people learn that they deserve to die lole
This whole ordeal was a clusterfuck on a whole new level
Incredible job
This is why my mom told me to take different language classes
Hmmm dose anyone has a link to them hidden chanel's  ? I hope it's gonna be this easy
Hello can someone watch my video about me doing push up everytime i die in cat mario ? It's still painful but at least i got to record it
Playing "my heart will go on" during a ship emergency is the funniest thing
came for the nordVPN, stayed for the shipwreck!
What surprised me the most is that the madlads made the thing float again and reclaimed it for more than it cost to build the damn thing. I had honestly just assumed they'd leave it.
BUT THE CYBERPUNK VIDEO WILL BE 2 HOURS LONG, RIGHT?
I wanna find the footage where that one chick told the guy to stop filming.
Wait...1.2...BILLION?
No more big vids? Aww...OK...
Watching this video for the first time knowing I’m going to watch it many, many more times
I went to Italy a year or so after.  I saw that damn boat in the water and couldn’t believe it was still there on its side.  What a goddamn cluster fuck.
Masterpiece keep going with those Videos
How about sinking of estonia?
more spaghetti pls
Here before 1M views
holy shit... he’s back FINALLY
The man who couldn't speak English or Italian said 'LmaoXD'. Fled for 12 months and Evaded police. Ok.
I was just wondering when internet historian was going to upload again
Did the magician's assistant's legs woman die?
Holy shit the camo skin is fucking morbid but i love it
Basically this video: Me: What's this Internet Historian: A cruise liner sinking Me: Oh God Internet Historian: There's more Me: No
*She is protesting saying that there’s no bins in the area **The police are telling hare to clam down and telling her there’s bins right here LMAO
_Noir_ VPN
Concordia? Schettino? *Smokes sigaretta* Haven't heard these names in years
I was thinking IH may have done a Schettino on this channel 😛
They eyeball the distance from the island but that chick's eyes are in two different zip codes so I don't see how that's a very good idea at all
Ah yes Hornet’s theme while the ship sinks.
Idk if any of you ever heard the conversation between DeFalco and Schettino, but it had me so scared I was about to clim back onto the ship myself
I was expecting the SS Cyberpunk, but this'll do pig, this'll do.
you'd think they'd fire the captain after the first two mishaps
>Hollow knight music comes up Ah, i see you're a cultured individual as well. 😌
This reminds me of another accident, it's the MTS Oceanos and MV Sewol. First of all, the crew has no law or obligation to sink with the ship. With that out of the way, let's talk how by every means they still have the *Obligation* to ensure the safety of their passengers.  Similar like Costa Concordia, the captain of MTS Oceanos was the first person on board to abandon ship, while he left the passengers to their own wits. It got so bad to the point the on ship Music Entertainers had to organize the entire evacuation of the vessel.  While in MV Sewol case it's more tragic. The crew ordered the passenger to stay in their room, and because of that 300 people out of 475 total passenger and crew lost their lifes due to drowning. This is not the only fault they did. They *Lied* about the total load the Ferry were carrying to the Inspector, since they were massively overcarrying in the name of profit. *And just like in the previous cases the crew of the MV Sewol were one of the if not the very first people to be rescued while damning it's passengers*
"italians do it better" Even ship crashes. Even corruption.
Even by Internet Historian's already high standards, this is one of the best videos he's ever done.
Bout time
always remember the Hall of Cost!
Damn I guess you can smash as many ships as you want and still have a licence why would they let this man keep his Captain post after the first 2 wrecks ffs.
I love the sim faces
It's been 8 years WHAT?
bravo!
Anyone know what the secret channels are?
Starboard and Larboard.  Edit: Also, Kid Icarus music? You never disappoint with your music choices!
you could have just listened to ballad of Costa Concordia 0/10
Another banger of a vid <3
The creepiest thing was that there were multiple bodies found in the elevator shaft RIP
37:46 Not cool. No one wanted communism, and it had many victims, just go and visit the House of Terror Museum. It is incredibly sad, that the people are thinking this about Hungary..
Its crazy how a 46 minute video about a boat crash has managed to keep my attention the whole way through
*"The arrogance of man is thinking nature is in their control, and not the other way around."*
i laugh out loud when you make a meme intro of Linus Tech Tips
Brava! Bravissima!  EDit: today, 13 of january of 2022 marks ten years of this disaster
Linus Ship Tips had me dying.
That Linus ship tips made me laugh out loud.
S   P   I   C   Y
Very funny video about the death of 33 people.
It took him five months to make this master piece
THE PEOPLE WHO YOINKED THE SHIP'S BELL BE LIKE :  LMAOXD
La sigla del tg5 su internet historian Posso dire di aver visto tutto
I come out of my steel bunker, Internet Historian has got another video up. Life good.
that's some hecking quality content as always mate!
This was a very interesting video, really nicely put together. 45 minute videos give us more to do in this boring pandemic.
A whole new video.........this is rare boys.
I just want a compilation of the memes of the concordia crashing between the scenes
Alright, see everyone next year
Only 16 years in prison for causing a $1.2 billion+ disaster that killed 32 people? And the cruise company only had to pay a million dollar fine to dodge criminal negligence? WTF, Italy?!
Italian here: the boatload of trouble thing is not an accurate translation.  The actual sentence spoken was “Lei si è salvato forse dal mare... ma io le faccio passare un’anima di guai” which translates to “You might have escaped the sea, but I will put you through trouble”  There’s no such thing as a boatload in Italian so unfortunately he did not make a pun. The sea mentioned was probably the literal sea  A way he could have made a pun would have been if he had said “un mare di guai”, which directly translates to “a sea of trouble”. Unfortunately he opted not to
That video about a very tragic ship sinking was a joy to watch, you've done it again mr historian of the worldwide web!
This was so great. Well done 🤙🤙🤙🤙🤙
24:37 I thought wolves were coming to my house and eat me alive.
He was an idiot but I don’t think he deserves 16 years in prison
Skullgirls theme <3
All the Halo music makes me happy.
Legitimately when the ship was rusted and people went inside taking photos, it looks like one of Chernobyl's reactors, and corridors.
thank god he finally remembered his password
Considering how many of the staff were Sims, there's no wonder there was a language barrier.  Dag dag!
As an Italian, I never imagined someone could make a video like this for the Concordia; from the bottom of my heart THANK YOU!
ok but what happened to the lady in the box
The hornet fight music was pretty good at like 19:12
Dude, people died on that ship. Maybe a bit poor taste to make a "funny" documentary about it?
my god, what a cinematic masterpiece
24:04 I really don't think that is true. What about MS Estonia?
AHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah 😂😂😂😂😂 I fucking LOVE you!
Is it just me, or does the Captain's girlfriend look like Frederick Knudson?
I can definitely see coccaine thing being a Payday mission.
New vid new vid amazin. You are the greatest yewtewber
For a helmsman that crashed a ship into some rocks, he's hard to catch it seems
You are an excellent story teller.
La verità sommersa = the submerged truths also, "cazzo" isn't pronounced as "caso", but as "cattso", make that "ts" sound as hard as you can, cazzo. Porca la puttana troia maledetta e smettetela di usare espressioni in spagnolo pensando siano dell'italiano che non c'entra un cazzo, la prima lingua è una parodia della seconda.   nice vid tho lol
Of course we tired to scam them.
Anyone know the secret channels?
Another top tier documentary!
This was brilliant
OMG The Linus shipTips killed me
bit of halo soundtrack
I see youtube recommended the same ship sinking videos to everyone, not just me lol
Oh god the linus shiptips part cracked me the fuck up
Is that Halo music I'm hearing, 24 min in?? 🤔
28:18 not the Dead Island music lol 😆
brilliant
No i love your long video, there so much details in them
This was fucking great.
DO THE GAMESTOP VIDEO. I KNOW YOU WANT TO
I cant believe Internet Historian made a video about this! Should I feel proud of being italian or should I be ashamed of Schettino?
I need to know, how did people died? I men, I get it that this was a sad event, but, the concordia doesn't even sink to the bottom.
Not gonna lie, I had a panic attack during the emergency part of the video
I was expecting that nord vpn ad to develop into a 3 part detective thriller... oh well...
the morale is never cheat at the beginning it might look like you succeed but later you might kill people for your irresponsibility
This video was spicy and flavorful like my mama's meatballs
This one time in high school I crashed my car into a gas pump
Captain Dyatlov of the Chernobyl cruise ship
Bruh I’m mad cuz this is pure GOLD STANDARD CONTENT, but we gonna have to wait a whole ass other pandemic before we get another video.
this was a good video
Honestly I was expecting a video on Fallout Frontier but this is great too.
Damn,son. You made it to the Costa Concordia wiki page!
Expensive
Amazing video
I would legit watch movies you'd make and narrate like this
Didn't expect internet historian to use skullgirls ost in a video
Only you could take a tragedy and turn it into a tasteful comedic YouTube video honestly you are quite spectacular.
I like my boats like I like my whiskey, on the rocks!
Always a pleasure mr historian
Love your vids
Top shit mate
Finally another video. And we now know who stole the bell, silly INTERNET HISTORIAN you videoed yourself taking it away and added that to the end of this video as a final F you to the ship.
Dont know why but noticed the Hollow Knight music immediately
I was laughing when cemortan became a karen
When internet historian becomes history historian
This is my favorite channel
How do you keep surviving this terrible events
I’m not even joking , the music at 8:59 seamlessly melded over into the music in the Barclays ad that played right after. Same key, tempo and seemingly the same amount of stringed instruments and energy. Very eerie.
It's like watching Arrested Development but the story is true.
Can’t wait until Internet Historian starts releasing 3 hr documentaries
In 2021 what makes someone a criminal, crashing a very big boat.
Virus part 3!!!!!
The longer I watch this the more I say I can't believe  you have fucked up this badly.
Love the Halo music and the Shenmue clip lol
That police Lamborghini is real, but it’s the wrong model. The Huracan still wasn’t a thing back then, so that would be the gallarado
i died at the linus ship tips
The before and after images remind me of thoose from Chernobyl
buna romanca gg
More proof that us Aussies are the best shitposters on earth. Massive effortpost tbh.
Oh, i thought this was anither varus vid
It’ll take more time for another video on this channel than it did to re-float the Concordia.  In all seriousness, great video! The research and time this must have taken is clear. Love your longer videos.
Do fallout the frontier. That will be a great vid.
(<_< )✋  The Concordia  ( ^u^) 👉 Titanic 2: electric boogaloo
I never imagined being able to hear one day the tg5 opening on Internet Historian's channel
The Hall of cost
Good ass video. Every explosion was necessary. Can't wait to see your next video and the Cyberpunk video.
0:10 I love how he didn't bothered to find a reference to Harold's head and just made a half circle with some yellow and orange.
wait no more long watch stuff? fuck man, I loved that shit
Italians rise down owo
Zain Anwar of MenxXP @ 33:04
I'm italian and unfortunatly my best friend was on the ship, luckly he is alive, but thank you for telling this story
I miss add thyme :(
To be honest your ad's are the best. Entertaining and informative of the product. oh and glad to have you back...
God damnit, Samir!
I wanna hire the internet historian to narrate the entire history curriculum of my country's schooling system.
Another great video, thanks bro!
I noticed that hollow knight music, good choice
god dude you're really the best youtuber ever.
Beyblade Beyblade .....
Didn’t nordvpn have a huge data breach recently?
Bit awkward that a Carnival Cruise advert ran during this.
Brilliant work mate.
Lowkey boring... :(
OMG. So excited!!! Been to long. I rewatch all his videos every few months. These videos are epic!!
I remember  his face from the news! The other two things about him that I remember was that he was a captain and people called him a clown.
Ocean liner captains: I’ve navigated the ocean using the stars, led massive rescue efforts, fought in world wars.  Cruise ship captain: Please don’t hit rocks
This is what happens when they allow companies to cut cost to put more money in their pockets and that is them employing a weak ships captain .
Who steals a big f**k off bell?  amico mio, BENVENUTO IN ITALIA
Imagine playing so cool you cause the death of 32 people and only get 16 years with that
YOOOOOO ITALIANS NUMBER 1 LET'S GOOOO
I just realized the animated faces are from the sims
> "I took the brakes off my car... man like me, never really learned how to stop." > "Shut the fuck UP!" I lol'ed hard; just the NordVPN ad alone deserves its own recognition & award. Awesome video, sir, like always.
Excellent choice of music, of course
Oh boy, 9 hours ago? Nice.
incredible
A couple I knew died in this shipwreck. Not sure how to feel about this documentary...
I fucking love the Sims models
Rumors say a bigger disaster was averted as , thankfully , the Costa Concordia pool was closed due to aids and the approved Health and Safety swastika formation was implemented immediately !
“Thousands of tons of water” .. I prefer trillions of billions of millilitres.
46:00 aa
Anyone else want to see the 2020 election recap, historian style?
That ending got me hahahaha
19:17 Noticed the music. HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC :)
Hiring an indonesian guy who doesn't know english wooooow
Italy went from being the rulers of the Known World to a Third World dingleberry hanging off the taint of Europe.
Luckily the ship crashed near the coast
ahh a video that *only* took 1000 hours of editing
as the captain says: not great, not terrible...
Where was Nostalgia Critic while all this was happening?
I can't think of a word that accurately describes this other than "cursed". Everything that could have possibly gone wrong with this boat, did. Every possible mistake was made by the people in charge. How is it humanly possible to mess this up SO bad, that it actually becomes impressive? And finally, how were some of these crew members (especially the captain) put into such critical roles if they were all clearly unqualified for it? 33 innocent people died because of this, and everyone else traumatised. How on earth does something like this even happen? Why did I only find out about this now? I'm completely at a loss for words here
37:49 Hungarian here, they did get punished, but the story died out when the Lawyer blew the lid off the scam, and the media stopped reporting on it. There are anti-fraud laws, I guess Rónai was just really mad at the whole situation, he should've known better, being a lawyer and hungarian. The ministry of foregin affairs field a criminal complaint, and the police did start an investigation into fraud, and impersonation. The outcome isn't known, but it's most likely they had to pay a fine.
31:00 this kind of thing makes me so angry.  People died, alot of people actually died and this woman has the audacity to come out and make a speech like this?  Especially given her involvement in the accident and how she used it to gain fame.  Imagine being a family member of someone who died and seeing this woman complaining about "Dying" because she got called out for a lie
I love the payday heist music
Linus Ship Tips lmfao
*Wet pasta*  what a tragedy
very spicy video, thanks harold
Holy shit. I knew about the shipwreck but had NO idea how wyld this story really was.
Hey if you dont want to make 45 minutes videos thats fine but I think the longer ones of your vids have been the best ones. But you have to make your living so just keep that in your mibd maybe. Sry if my english is rough I am not a native speaker.
I was 14 when it happend and when I saw it on the news I thought 'haha funny meme some guys sailed the ship on shallow waters and it got stuck' but I didn't know that 33! people died, my God that's terrible.
Its been 84 years..... since your last post.
22:40 Halo OST under cover of night. 24:20 Halo 3 OST luck.
Why the f**k didn’t someone else take the wheel WHY DID THEY GIVE TO THE GUY WHO CANT SPEAK ITALIAN
Amazing! Keep them coming :)
35:00 skull girls ost? Good stuff <3
I can't believe such a great and comprehensive video about the Costa Concordia disaster was made by a guy who calls himself Internet Historian. Well done!
Too many fucking adds
_Spicy._
The music (and general editing) in this video further reinforces that Internet Historian is the most cultured individual known to man.
I was just thinking I haven't seen an upload in a while
largest since titanic? How about estonia?
Just like sex I'll see you in another 5 month
that bell was worth a lot in scrap metal.
Odio Schettino che maledetto bastardo che è. Yes, i'm italian and this are some painful memories right here.
I love how everyone is either a stock image or a sims character.
The fact that modern ships are made to only resist 2 compartment breaches is fucking insanely unsafe.
IH wasted a pristine bowl of spaghetti for this video. Outstanding production.
wasnt the sinking of the mv sewol a bigger disaster?
glad ur back and i dont want to know how much work went into this. great job
Linus ship tips I am DYING
Who steals a big fuck off bell  Me in minecraft: ACTUALLY-
See you guys on the new video next year.
What are the secret hidden channels that IH talks about at the end? Anyone found them yet? Great video by the way! Incredibly entertaining!
When you said 8 years, deep depression sunk in. Damn I'm getting fucking old
So, yeah.
"the locals hate it, but the passengers love it" XD
Oh damn, I never heard of this so I thought this was another advertiser friendly name for the virus.
I'm only 16min in, and this is the best video yet, all the details that you've thrown in are amazing.
Please cover fallout the frontier 4 Chan United and destroyed them
Looking forward to your Gamestop coverage soon
They really let it rip
It's so so detailed and really engrossing
did you really waste a perfect pot of spaget for a bit
I'd like to know more about these secret hidden channels! :P
This is absolutely fantastic
Yeah but is the woman in the box ok like yeah the latch came off but we truly never saw her legs after that...
Linus shiptips, incredible haha
Laughing hard on linusShipTips
O so he didn't forget the channel password after all.
Smh this would never have happened if Stede Bonnet was the captain of the Concordia
Linus ship tips lol
Well done! Incredibly detailed.
I would love to know more about that Indonesian guy, he sure seems to have a interesting life on it's own.
Costa Concordia? More like Costa A lot to make
I lii ok ve your channel so much dude
It wasn't even the captain to stay last on the bridge coordinating the evacuation? I mean... I'm not familiar with the maritime rules for such situation, but that's not exactly an honorable way to act as a captain, right?
I loooove yoooooooou
I wonder when will you do a video about the whole r/wallstreetbets GME shitshow...
Did the lady in the magicians box make it?
I vaguely remember the news when that happened. What an asshole. Also, excellent video and I have no idea how this ended up in my recommended videos, but I'm glad it did.
Loving the editing in these!
why the halo music tho?
This was actually a smart ad
It’s been 5 months, and finally,,, a upload
I’ve always been really interested in it. Thanks for the video
This is like a fucking HBO's Chernobyl episode. Great video as always.
my man's hairline in the back is straighter than I think I am
That was _tres bonito_
Aww man.. I'll miss the 45 minute videos 😥 haha
The layers of depths to this is crazy. A bunch of movie genres in one.
YES, I am so happy you made a video on this!  p.s. thank you for dragging the captain
Basically hbo's Chernobyl.
That costa lot
What are the secret channels he speaks of?
This is once again a masterpiece, even better than Fall of 76, which was my favorite Youtube Video until now :D
I love this
You should do "Dean Browning: I'm a guy black guy." Sometime. If you don't know about it, look it up. Hilarious stuff
@25:15 I went for dinner at a girlfriend's house one time. Her mother actually served spaghetti like this. (just the noodles). Shoved her entire hand in the bowl of noodles, came out with a big fitful and plopped it right on everyone's plate. Ran the fuck out of that relationship.
I guess you probably don't want to get murdered by thugs, but it would be nice to get to know how much Nepolitanian mafia was involved in this fuckheads promotions. I mean, the cocaine smuggling is right there right?
sea of thieves dlc looking nice
Wake up babe, internet historian just posted
that fucking helmsman my fucking sides
Oh my god is this a real urban history?
I’ll see you guys in 5 months
is it just me or does anybody else always asks themselves: "what about some random dude who was desperately taking a shit on the closet?" they have no idea whats happening and the lights go out... what a nightmare
Personal paylist of the best parts: ▪︎Collision slo-mo @ 8:37 ▪︎Mic twirl into holster @ 14:22 ▪︎Rock Bottom Simpsons Reference @ 28:23 ▪︎Italian finger sex @ 30:08 ▪︎S.Harvey "Second time i died" @ 30:39 ▪︎"Doump eet" handsum squidward @ 32:10 ▪︎Homer jab ceo 4 m0ney @ 34:33 ▪︎🤨 @ 35:46 ▪︎Down with the ship @ 38:31 ▪︎Fingernails Receptionist @ 39:19 ▪︎Markass @ 42:03  Thankyou, Internet Historian 😢.
who else saw withered jim?
All the clips of the Concordia doing a kickflip and exploding are so. Damn. SUS.
Never thought i'd have the absolute privilige of hearing IH trying to pronounce and then completely butcher a Hungarian name, this is the greatest day of my life!
My man be like ☝️👆to see what is right and left
How do you make money with how much effort/time you put into videos?
This is better that titanic lol
the music in the intense moments used is calling all units from payday
Yknow if that didn't really happen and instead was a book or movie, people would be saying "I liked the Action, but the plot was kinda unrealistic"
VADA A BORDO CAZZO
This was all over the news for a ton of months here in Italy, and it's still talked about a lot. Embarrassing to say the least
43:50 that one got me
The stock market crash cant be history unless its in the pass
how did a "captain" that had already crashed 2 ships get to even be out on the sea again?
Estonia when!
Finally. Jesus christ! It's like haley's comet, the frequency of your videos
Make a video on cyberpunk pleeeeeaaassseee 🥺
Vada a bordo,cazzo!
cool video i'm
Thank you for everything. You’re the best channel and you put in so much work. It’s amazing.
A video like this reminds me why we wait a year for a new upload
A shitposter, a good one tho, is making better, more informative and more entertaining documentaries than many big boi production companies. I love the internet.
ONE MORE DEAD ISLAND REFERANCE
First
Would love to see you cover the Sewol Ferry sinking, but that might be a topic too heavy for the channel.
OMFG 😂😂😂😂 no one could've narrated it better
algo
Give this man an award. He is the God of troll editing.
The halo music made this
The titanic wasn’t a cruise ship; it was an ocean liner. Completely different designs. Cruise ships are not designed to go into open ocean, ocean liners are.
You monster you ruind that pasta
YES you always manage to make a video of my special interests.
The deets, looks like someone has been playing CP2077 , I wonder if he streams it...
this video will be used as a template by a hollywood movie maker in the next 3 years
What happens to the poor chick in the magician box?
Not even joking my sister and i got into a carcrash while watching this video
A Big fock-off bell  WHY?
You know that nordvpn is on sale right ? They didn't give u any special promotion at all.  It's their selling price right now. You didn't research this internet historian ?
Better history than History channel
I'm getting nord VPN in hopes Internet Historian will not make us wait forever for our next god tier content bomb.
I thought he was dead
Mamma mia thats too accurate
This content is better than anything here on television.
The lord has woke
This is simply majestic!
THIS IS SOOOO GOOD!!!!
He is finaly back
So can we get the cyberpunk 2077 episode next pleeeeaaaasssseeee
LST is my favorite shipbuilding channel
If I'm being honest, I'm gonna miss the 45-minute videos.   They've always been very informative and an event to watch and have playing while I'm gaming on the second screen on an endless loop.
Justed wanted to say, for the record, I love the 45 minute style.
Alright now I'm mad
In 1994, when the cruiseferry MS Estonia sunk, by no direct fault of his own, (structural failure of the bow visor, even though there are speculations of other causes), the captain, Arvo Andresson, stayed on the bridge and went down with the ship. 852 souls were lost in the cold waters of the Baltic sea.
That Linus Techtips reference was golden.
Linus shiptips LMAO
what a garbage upper crew lmao
43:51  Before we continue with the Ship Recovery Operations, I'd like to present to you today's sponsor
The gta 3 trailer music is just *chef's kiss*
Those passengers had some good genre awareness
Good damn, what a treat. IH takes long to deliver but look at the production value!  Not suprising you are saying "Fuck 45 min vids" now
Damn this is embarrassing
Ah, you found the password to your channel.
I love this channel so much
I remember it... It was wild
LMG making big brain acquisitions
So basically the captain is an asshole. Got it.
This should be considered a modern youtube classic
this is your magnum opus
This has got to be his best video yet
Nooooo give us back 45 minute videos please
If this were NYPD Blue the police would have just tossed the captain into the ocean and claimed he drowned trying to make it to shore.
Wasn't expecting the linus ship tips, good joRb.
I know someone who was there, gonna share this with her
Woow background check be such a waste of time...
This is actually pretty sad that so many people died because of bullshit incompetency.
that was great cya in 4 months
Next step in italian lore is talking about Piazza Fontana, the mafia, freemasons,fascists and Berlusconi are all involved in there
marco piccari commented to her on instagram "leave the pilot cabit for the love of god" ahah
So basically all this happened because the cap'n didn't take the age old advice of "Don't stick your dick in crazy"
Linus Ship Tips 😂😂😂
Waiting for cyperpunk
31:48 was when I lost it
So happy to have made it to the end, to have seen you dragging the bell and thought "god I hope he does that weird squeak that the old lady Rose did when she dropped the necklace" and by god you did it.
Omg I lost my 3ds stylus someone help me find it
Internet Historian seems like the kinds dude you could sit down, have a drink and sing a couple of shanties with and he would always have a new funny story/experience to share with you
holy shit
Its been so long
Ur a true blessing
That death metal version of white flag is fucking sick lmao
the halo music is takin me back
A new Internet Historian video is a greater feeling than it used to be seeing a new Content Cop.
I applaud your effort to put in music that sounds like James Horner's composing style, sir!
The ad reminded me of the greatest shame of our lifetime: We have yet to find Bakri's killer. Fools still say it was su-... excuse me. Suicide, but no. Everyone knows the truth: "Bakri didn't kill himself."
This is the best example of poor hiring practices I've seen in a long time...     That magician was far too amateurish for that vessel.
Fucking hilarious to see my country next to Italy on the trust chart.
love the production quality even better than before
31:04 as a moldovan I feel offended
OHHHH SHIT HES BACK....SOOOO MANY MEMORIES......SOOOOOOOO MANY MEMORIES 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Everybody has a real face... except the fuckup, the fuckup is a bitmoji 😂😂😂
Fallout: the frontier *when* ?
anybody knows the music at 40:27 ?
The history is always amazing, but the ads seem to steal the show every time
The algorithm is hard at work, I got three separate ads for cruises during the duration of this vid
I never wanted to get nord vpn more
DUMP IT AGAIN
Why is anything you make is fucking pure GOLD 🥇👏😂👏😊
babe wake up, the internet historian uploaded a video
Well worth the wait
This is the juice.
Amazing video
Isnt the extra chain meant to put extra weight down?
I love the line where you make a point to call out the news media as the only remaining source available and how it's not going to be accurate. Seems that as time goes on this gets more and more true.
9:51 uhm, it is data, not data.
This is better than any Netflix show I've seen recently.
Hope that you'll make another 40+ min video in the future. Cheers.
heres your reaction content streamers
Gotta love that hollow knight ost in the background
Ngl I'm sad you're dropping the 45 minute length. But I understand. It must be a lot of hard work. Thanks for the vid!!!
Vamos dio can
spicy
Great video!
This was a banger video
I may have walked away during the part, but did they skip over the cruise worker that was trapped in there for a few days?
Great video, though I am sad to hear about the longer videos being discontinued. Longer videos, in my opinion, make for far better viewing.
Now this does put a smile on my face
Long video good Short video cringe
How can it be an "idiot" (sorry mate but this is how you would be defined by tv giournalists)  COULD MAKE A BETTER, CLEARER AND MORE UNDERSTANDABLE AND FUXKING ENTARTAINING RECONSTRUCTION  that the whole tv mass media clutch together?!?!?  Isn't something wrong with this??   Someone hire this guy and make him tell2the news on tv 📺...
Multiple Manslaughters = 16 yrs and 1 month Prison????? I now add Italy to the list of countries that sucks Donkey Balls. It doesn't hurt me as much as I only consider Pasta and davie504 to be the only 2 valuable things from that sh*thole of a country.
only Internet historian can make me willingly sit through an ad
Such an entertaining watch... Really, props to IH, you outdid yourself
Tokyo Drifto technique does not work with boats
a masterpeice
I love your adds
Schettino's book title translates to: "The Submerged Truths"  It's his POV of the crash, of course is full of lies and accusations to Costa. Great video, cheers from Italy
Between this and the Gentleman Pirate, IH is really showing his inner helmsman.
My man Jacob sabotaging this vanity project like a god-damned boss! "Language barrier" my ass, this was fully intentional, he deserves the credit.
cool boat
Bro u making straight up movies like respect 👌
Love how the courts pinned all the blame on one man while the company that hired a two time shipwrecking captain, an underqualified non understanding pilot and encouraged the type of route that lead to this situation only had to pay €1,000,000 to get away with no further repocussions.
lol, playing My Heart Will Go On while the ship is sinking
Nice skullgirls soundtrack. Thanks for promoting the game! It's a really good fighter.
As a deckhand listening to this shit hurts good story though Daddy Historian
Micheal Scott if he was a boat captain
Ah my favourite channel. Linus Ship Tips
I just realized Hollow Knight music is playing, awesome!
Just got back froma shit work trip, sit down for lunch with ma subway, *bing* new internet historian vid, noicceeeeee.
The halo CE & 3 soundtrack really added to this video.
Great video, if I had one criticism its that I had to keep pausing the video to read the notes an when I did they were covered up by play bar. Also its hard to hear some of the finer details over the sound effects.
what happend to the magicians assistnat in the box?
25:40 Singapore in video ayyyyy
I nominate this video for Youtube oscars.
someone let the clowns sail the ship
Who knows the hidden secret channels?
Sensational
how is a video allowed to be this good
bro mans actually a historian now
Damn, that Dido cover BANGS.
This has 666k views
Why isn’t this on Netflix
the ratio lmao
guys guys! he uploaded!
Sad to hear that this is the last longer video. All content is appreciated of course, but these kinds of longer, more in depth videos are my particular favourites and I think many people would agree.
Ah yes the everyone's beloved and known "Linus Ship Tips".
Mama mia this a tomato sauce too spicy
$110,000 for that ship? That’s a steal
Finally, he remembered his password
The drama alert bit was awesome 👏🏼 thank you
The legend has finally returned
I can't fucking believe you've made a video about one of my country's biggest, stupidest fuck ups. On behalf of my lovely idiot people, I'm honoured
Moooooore! Mooooore! Mooooore! It’s so perfect in everyway! So much creativity!
What's incredible is that despite how obviously incompetent this captain is, he actually nearly salvaged this whole trainwreck with those last second maneuvers. It sounds like after they realized that there was a problem, the captain gave pretty good orders from that point until they hit. If it weren't for the poor selection in helmsmen, he probably would have successfully navigated the ship past disaster.  BTW, how the fuck did the helmsman escape the police? I feel like that was kind of glossed over, because it was said that they found him, but then he escaped and disappeared. There has GOT to be more to that story.
This is an accurate representation of what it’s like when you invite your friends to play league of legends for the first time
I didnt think it possible to improve your format but this must be the best piece I've seen you do so far. Keep up the goodies fella.
This video is now instant classic , you sir are master!
The return of the king
why do people go on cruises? did you know everything on a cruise is on land
So spicy!  <3
You know, he tells it in such a comical horror fashion, except more subtle and well articualted..   This is terrifically terrifying but somehow one of the more easily digestible telling of accounts that I have heard. A tale of comically fatal incompetence and negligence.. hopefully never to repeat again.   You'd think it was out of a creepypasta from several decades past but no.. Yikes.   Never again.
Secret channels anyone?
Wooooooooo He used Hornet's Ost ! (19:10)
This man is a fucking genius
De Falco is a living legend
I want more 45 minute videos
Nice
S P I C Y
Yes
Wow
I think the captain, whilst really deserved the sentence, was pretty much used as a scapegoat. Why didn't the owner company, who got out easy with paying one million,  should have not let him be the captain at first. Or having a painter / cleaner with little to no english / Italian be the steerer. That an flying about having a policy about staying if course. Super sketchy.  The people behind maybe should have served some jail time as well or at lesrt be liable for higher settlement sums than 1 million for 33 dead people and untold damages and psychological and physical trauma
That opening scene deserves all the Oscars.
hey that's my twin brother
17:40 Really thought my dude was about to break Z-block.
Aw, no more 45 minute videos? Shame. But this was great, not gonna lie.
Spicy
Excellent video. As a maritime disaster fan and internet historian fan this was an incredible joy.
holy shit you're the one who stole the fucking bell
your avatar is your face when feminists are trying to convince you that a woman on the ship isn't a bad omen, but we know
32 people died   "stop asking about my private life"  What a bitch
You forgot to mention that once he was told to get the fuck back on board Schettino replied with "it's dark in there. I'm afraid of the dark"
*9 hours later - 666k views*  Me: "Truly the devil indeed"
I'm happy. Finally you join us as Bodgabot.  DUMP ET!
Quanta Costa, Concordia?
Me: I have no power in my house and it’s cold *sees Internet Historian uploaded* Me: Ah yes this video will keep me warm
9:00 this is the head engineer to all personnel, past in engine room, i repeat, pasta in engine room, fuel containment breached.
Gawd it fucking hurts me how similar this is to the South Korean passenger ship that went down a few years back too.
Your videos are absolutely incredible. I can’t wait for another
🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇 Internet Historian will go down in internet history as the the most interesting, most watchable, most amazing content ever on youtube.
Wake up babe there's a new main channel video
The production on these is really improving! I hate it
Such a riveting tale
666k views
Next we need a gamestop/robinhood one please !
This is like a Supermarket Brand version of Lemmino.
Thank you so much for this video, it was amazing.
I feel like with every upload, this chanel's name is less "historian about the internet" and more "historian about random crazy shit who happens to post about it on the internet"
Watching it again just because.
Heck yeah, Skullgirls song
The ship actually crashed really close to where i live
Bioshock in real life
I see youve discovered the excellence of Hollow knight  music
Yes YES YEEEESSS come to papa
Fucking helmsman
no more 45+min videos ;(
But...secret channels?
Do you want a sandwich?
IH is honestly a fucking genius. One of the greatest story tellers of my lifetime.
that linus theme killed me LOL!
Main channel upload? Who are you and what did you do to the internet historian?!
Glad you remembered the password for your account. :)
A cruise ship named after grapes? What could go wrong?
16 years for the murder of 33 people and a billion in collateral damage   fuck off
Song at 39:40?
Your videos are, without overexaggerating, the best things in the internet, in my opinion. Change my mind.
my man should have like 3 sponsors for his videos
zip me the deets
This is why I will never get on a ship of any kind because anyone who works on a ship either has no idea what they are doing or would gladly drown you for two bucks.  Ships are a death trap that are nowhere near regulated enough to make them safe.
i feel like NordVPNs 2 year plan has been going on for 3 years, that is how often i heard that.
Welcome back, Internet Historian.
Dirty deets done deet cheap
Epic and thorough as per usual!
HE HATH UPLOADED!
You never disappoint.
Anyone else realize he's using sims 4 toons as ship crews?
Oh no
How is your name so sexy
It's been a long time since he uploaded now I'm happy
This reminds a lot of the sinking of the Sewol sinking in South Korea, only that he found the possibility to get some sort of entertainment out of this one. The Sewol thing was just gruesome
The ads are just a video segment now and i started anticipating them
Yay, time for Titanic 2: electric boogaloo
zip me the deets
Major bioshock vibes from the ship after the crash
Linus ShipTips
Return of the Obra Dinn 2: the Concordia Expansion
singaporean viewers 25:40
Great editing
Correct me if I’m wrong but the MS Estonia disaster claimed over 850 lives, where does the “largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic” claim come from?  Edit: I know Estonia was a cruise ferry but that’s still a cruise ship right? It resembled Titanic more than the Concordia
I enjoy the ads as mutch as the rest of the vid, absolutely class
Are we not goin to talk about those evolving masterful transitions through out?
Oh well. It's what you get for trusting the Italians to be competent!
this man is just making proffesional movies now
Really well done video. This was way more info than I ever wanted, but you presented it in such an entertaining way I was hooked.
funny thing is, rusl means trash in icelandic. rusli bin trashi bin hahaas
17:37 killed me😂😂
"South Korean couple." Shows photoshopped parents from Paracite.
ay drop what you're doing, new internet historian lore just dropped.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Ah yes, my favorite childhood meal - sketti and deets.
M A S T E R P I E C E
>we only have official news sources so this isnt very reliable lmao
love the gta Vice City theme
14:56 MAXIMUM TURBO DRIFTO!!!!!!
I work at a cinema and after hours I sometimes play Internet Historian movies.  Best experience ever
I’m can get used to the mouth animations
I swear that this is possibly the single greatest video intro in YT history
This is like documentary level research and presentation. Very entertaining and very well done!!
With the possible exception of this video, everything about the Concorde was a disaster
Hollow Knight music POG
BRUH! half a year? Come on! I was expecting a 2 hour film... but thanks anyway
I watched all the unskippable ads for you Internet Historian! Thanks for the hard work in this video. Love ya!
Halo music over a majestic sight of a ship? Hell yeah!!
I mainly just want to know how that couple managed to sleep through the ENTIRE ordeal.
1) looters care about the valuables, which in this case usually aren't "personal belongings" but wasted company property. 2) the passengers aren't going to dive for the valuables, they just gonna sue the company for monetary compensation. 3) how else would anything of value be efficiently returned to circulation? this way they are paid fairly and the job's done.
this reminds me of that smiler ride from alton towers. that too a long series of stupid cockups
Not tg5 please!
Insert Shia Labeouf clapping gif
Do one on climate change and Greta. pls ! love your work, keep it up, cheers!
fuukal
Hey, anyone remember when that stupid asshat managed to sink a CRUISE SHIP because he couldn't see the land he wanted to see??
Loved the Linus Ship Tips intro parody
I need a ad tiem cinematic universe series of shorts because dear lord.
Honestly the last place I would expect to find Hollow Knight music. Great Video!
Spicy Video.
A new video wow
Spicy
Helllyeahhjjjjjjhhhhh
We’ve been patiently waiting, and you delivered wondrously!
lmfao linus ship tips
Internet Historian go back on board, CAZZO!
When the Hornet Theme started playing, I was sure this was top quality content.  Fanfits aside, gotta tell you, IH tells the story with accuracy and dramatical energy all at the same time.  Some screenwriters could learn a thing or two with this man. Kudos, mate.
Nice
best video so far
I hate you and your oddly amusing, overuse of the transitions with the bloody Concodia blowing up. Thank you by the by for making this video. I remember seeing this on the news and didn't understand just how bad the Captain (as well as the company for hiring someone who didn't speak english) fucked up.
Holy shit, this can avoided if the captain are competent. Good lord this is just sad
Man that Italian learning stream really payed off for this
As an industry insider I can confirm that the level of stupidity involved here gave us all a bad rep. Sailing was never the same after 2012 ☹️
finally your back you old douche.
19:15 that's hollow Knight, hornet. Would recognise it from a mile away.   Edit: and LTT
The halo music really adds a lot of atmosphere to it!
The sentence mixing bit with Keemstar has my sides in orbit. Fucking genius.
Awesome work, can I like 2 times?
LET'S GOOOOOOO 🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹   SCHETTINO INFAME CAPITANO TRADITORE
Wait how was Schettino on a party in Ischia, I thought he went to jail?
That halo music tho nice
The animations is great in this video keep up the quality content prof mr historian guy
I got baited to the Virgin Islands :(
They should've just turned on Initial D and everyone would've instinctively drifted around the rocks as Eurobeat goes right to your primal driver instincts and thus circumvents language barriers alltogether.
nice story so far let`s keep watching 35:01 Vibing time
GME stock documentary when?
About god damn time
Your videos are all masterpieces!
Is that hornet's soundtrack????
greatest comeback of all time - change my mind
Dont know how your content keeps getting better.
RIP to all deceased victims
Isnt the estonia the biggest cruise ship disaster since the titanic?
Nice Boat
I did not expect to hear Hollowknight music here
The only channel where i dont skip the sponsorship ads.
Hand reveal
lowkey 3rd officer
Halo has some great music doesn't it.
Love your channel
Me this entire video No no no no no no no
new year new video, eh?
I love the use of halo music in this vid. You are the best internet historian
No joke I think the internet historians videos have some of the best like to dislike ratio on the internet.
Best NordVPN ad I have seen
I don’t know if it’s a good thing or a bad thing but half of Internet historians ads are a bit more entertaining than the video itself
Anyone got a link to atleast one of the so called "secret channels"?
This is even above and beyond your usual perfection. I have such a interest in disasters caused by idiots and I never imagined I'd have the pleasure of ur fact finding when I watched the documentary of this crash. What truly makes this a perfect accident is the italian element the love story, the fleeing everything just perfect.
Grazie, Signore..
I love your use of halo ost, please continue. You nail the atmosphere.
19:31 right now I can only think of hollow knight
33 dead people, and 16 years sentence, less than 2 years for 1 death. "Justice"
I love the Copyright safe version of the Titanic song! Very sly. Very smort.
I actually remember this
Hands down one of the best channels on tbe tube
hand reveal
I prefer 45min vids
This shit is better than Titanic.
Your ads are the only ones I don’t skip.
did this make anyone else alarmingly anxious? 😖
Pure GOLD 🤌
43:51 - Linus would have dropped the ship anyway.
Top tier use of hollow knight music
Your best video yet!
WHERE ARE THE OTHER CHANNELS
I agree about the leght of the nexts videos. 45 is too much and surely eats alot fo time. But I would love some videos (Like Cyberpunk crash in the future if you do it), to be longer. Or divided by parts.  Also, WTF. There are 2 secrets channels out there!?!?!? WOW
Honestly, the Linus ship tips bit had me wrecked. Awesome.
That coward of a captain should have gone down with the ship. It’s the only way to retain some sort of honour
Why didn’t I get notified about this!? YouTube is rubbish.
why the fuck am i crying
Nice video man. I really enjoyed this. : )
Quality
Everything happened because somebody forgot the sacred words - "It's a bad luck to bring woman aboard"
bruh i remember seeing it out of the hotel's window, surreal. also to think that my grandma went on it a year before, even more surreal
historian should have his own tv show !!
Man this kind of stuff makes not want to go on cruise ship or fly
Why would you ever hire somebody who can not speak your language to such an important position XD
I once went to "isola del giglio" And we were 500 yards from the ship, bathing in the near shore...
None of this would have happened if they played The Mystery of Kalkomey Isle.
Great work If only you used all that hard work to search the right pronounce of words
If they had quartermaster everything would be fine.
I don't have anything to say that others haven't already, but I feel that I ought to feed the algorithm and make sure you get the views you deserve. Cheers.
"No more 45 minute videos on the main channel..." But they're superb!
Very interesting video, still can't believe the majority of people got out scout free basically, after 32 people die. It's really sad seeing how this could have been prevented and how he only got 16 years in prison, he should have been there for life. Anyway great video.
Second watch already let’s gooo
What kinda Sims 4 DLC is this
Incredible video
It's a goood fucking Month when Internet Historian releases a video 😊
EPIC
What da fuck this was 45 minutes. That shit was fire, kept my attention the whole time.
32:10 He crashed?
Your back!!!
Tis but a scratch
Can we appreciate the amazing halo music when the ship sank?
Internet historian and Pyrocynical have the best ad reads
Omg???? 32 people?!?!?!?! This video had me gasping at every turn and I’m not even done it
You really should have included the entire call between Schettino and De Falco. I know it's in Italian but even if you don't understand it just the way De Falco lashes out at Schettino is worth it.  Look for it on YouTube, trust me.
40:28 - 40:31  can someone tell where this music is from? I know it but don't remember.
Trust us italians with your life, I promise we will do a...aa...job
Halo CE and 3 soundtracks nicely readapted
The best part of this video...is that it is basically exactly what happened with the level of bat shit crazy that went on...it's great!!!  well except for the disaster.
Now knowing the helms crew, its amazing it wasn't worse
i'm italian and...         i fucking loved it XD
I liked the other videos displaying idiocy that seriously backfires, but this was a little lighthearted considering people died.
You menaged to detail the fact better than the local reports here in italy, bravo!
So its confimed anything with the name Concord in it is cursed?
What a wonderful thing to wake up to. Can’t wait for next year’s video <3
The payday 2 music is perfect here!
lel articol din romania bi uf
Such good content. Even the advert is good.
Halo 3 Theme?
Small note: at 38:48, "un'anima di guai" doesn't mean a boatload of trouble, that would be "una barcata di guai". What that means is "a soul's worth of trouble", which has to be some regional idiom.
Anybody got deets on the secret channels
moral of the story: if you own a 500,000,000+ cruise ship maybe dont put idiots in control
Bright Sun Internet Historian
25:00 "But this isnt the end, its only the half way point" and thats why i love you
2nd best youtube channel mines first obviously
All this for a dig at the locals
Internet Historian, Italy has a lot more to offer other then Schettino. Look up Sgarbi and have some fun
“No more 45 minute videos on the main channel”  I like that because that probably means more videos more often, but I’m also kinda sad because these long ass videos are such a joy to watch
Not gonna lie, I was expecting CP2077 vid.
How the fuck was this guy allowed to captain a half a billion dollar ship when he'd already crashed two of them?.
This is amazing.
as an Italian, you cover the argument better than the local journals ahah. nice video
Internet Historian is premium meme documentary.
Internet historian and ordinary things are my 2 favourite yt channels currently. Please do check ordinary things out if you havent, his videos are amazing too.
Balls
19:52 music please? :DD I'm an uncultured fuck
the story seemee almost over then i realized it where 9/41 mins my day is saved
"Aaaahhh, the.... *gym* "
When will you make a few review on Holocaust Deniers?
How do I subscribe to Linus Ship Tips?
I worked briefly for costa cruises as a receptionist for the Miami office and when I left I wanted to throw them all off a 100 story balcony.  I lasted a whole 3 months there.  Everyone at that office was an Italian Snob Nightmare.
"Drugs" *Vice City theme sax goes into overdrive* This is why the internet was created.
My question is, how the hell did they get Jacob to be helmsman of a brand new ship?? Office politics in cruise companies are that messed up?
Thank you
why tf are his videos so shork
Dude this video was so perfectly done
They didn't mention that the captain actually said he should be thanked for steering the ship back towards land after effectively sinking it.
Give this man a raise, NOW.
You've got to do a video on Fallout: The Frontier.
Modern history, eww
Jesus Christ this captain is pathetic.
Please make long video here at least more than half an hour
Who are the 300 idiots who disliked this video?!  One of his best works imo!
Aww no more 45 minute videos 😢 I was hoping you would do more .
Can we mention and give respect to Russell Rubello?
I would like to see a compilation of all the ad skits from the internet Historian.
Is this is the quality of video and ad that comes from this many months between videos, then you clearly are working wayyyy to hard. This shit is incredible
I don’t normally watch 20 + minutes YouTube videos unless it’s by Internet Historian.
The combination of joining the tacky media circus & even then refusing to compensate the surviving passengers fairly makes that parent company almost, if not just as scummy as the incompetent staff.
Make a cyberpunk video now /̵͇/'̿'̿ ̿ ̿̿ ̿̿ ̿ ̿̿ ̿̿
All of this because the captain wanted to show off.
See you in july
Too fucking good
Well the costa concordia was a boat that did stop
Thank you for keep doing this ♥
This was very very funny. Seriously bro u are getting so good at this. This is better then anything on regular network t.v and funnier and more original then anything on adult swim or comedy central. U are so creative and halarious. Nd the ads are genius. Thanks for making this great content for real. God bless brother 💪🏻
I'm a simple man... I see new Internet Historian video, I click
i only know the concordia from borderlands the presequel smhh
Oooof that halo soundtrack hit
Hi Asmon.
Thank god. He has uploaded
I usually double tap to skip in video ads.... But not this one. To good to skip it
id love to give some choice words to the captain
45 minutes is just great. Maybe once in a while, no?
You tellin me that the largest boat accident since the Titanic that killed 33 people saw the parent company's shares drop 6% LESS than CD Projekt Red's launch of Cyberpunk 2077?
Surely it wasn't the biggest cruise ship catastrophe since Titanic? In the Baltic Sea, Estonia (the ferry) capsized and 852 people died in 1994.
Hype
There has to be a Clear Channel style list somewhere entitled “songs you should never play on a cruise ship”, and the Titanic soundtrack should be TOP of that list.  Followed immediately by the theme from The Poseidon Adventure, The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald by Gordon Lightfoot, and maybe include the Hues Corporation’s “Rock the Boat (Don’t Rock the Boat Baby)” just for good measure. Too many mixed messages there.
When shits going down and theres still more than half of the video left
25:40, surprising to see my local shopping mall featured here, nex shopping mall from Singapore
All this for a totally unnecessary drive-by to honk. xD
I hear Payday 2 Music.
Still waiting for the sequel to Light Wood Laminate
The world has blessed us with another Internet Historian Video
oH hElLoW tHeRe!!
Half a billion dollar ship.  Better save some money by skimping on staff.
Fun fact: In Italy a coward is also called *schettino.* A much worse meaning than the regular “codardo”.
worth the wait.  Great content ! <3
As an italian who lived near the area of the crash i'll say congratulations IH for accurately representing this literall Shitstorm of a shipwreck VADA A BORDO, CAZZO
Gotta love the Hornet ost in this
Imagine being an investor to a 200B cruise ship and hearing that they cut costs on the fucking *helmsman* 😂 Im dead.
Another great video. I've always wanted to know more about this colossal f$@k up. Now I do!
no, thank you xo
Mullvad VPN my goto besides Nord
I remember seeing this cruise in Barcelona, it was huge
Just wish all history teachers isn't as boring as internet historian, he taught me the whole thing in 47 mins, all of my history teachers teach me for more than 2 hrs and learned just a bit of it
GME SHORT SQUEEZE OF 2021 WHEN????
my god your nord vpn ad was fucking gold
This video is an infringement on our copyright. We have already covered this story. Our lawyers will be in touch.   Also you are not a real historian.
A new historian video. I don’t deserve this
When random  guy in the internet research more than a professional reporter. Great content.
Basically  The Other titanic, expect this one had a casino and a captian dumber then a poltical extremist
The ship of my dreams is a relationship
O mio babino caro, we got ourselves a crew! of dastardly devilish morons, that wreck an fancy ship!  Jeez.
Just finished the video, see you next year!
based shit aside, the halo music slaps
My man literally inertia drifted on the sea jesus
Masterpiece yet again
A little bummed cuz I enjoy the longform content but I appreciate having more new videos to watch. Whatever works best for you!
Just remember, when it comes to boats especially. You get what you pay for
Yeah I'm just reversing it now, beep beep
God IH is so entertaining
Imagine being interviewed in court about a shipwreck that killed people (which you’re partially blamed for) and saying “I died twice because my private affair was in the media” how can you be that out of touch
wait he uploaded in less than 2.5bil years
ahaha beautiful xD finally some good fucking content from this shitty internet
Oh boy what a cockup cascade.
Spicy!
Netflix finna steel this to, like they did the fyre festival video
YAY an internet historian video on my birthday!
46:01
As i live and breath an internet historian video it only took 50 years..
When you say biggest ship disaster since the titanic do you mean by ship size since the estonia was a much worse disaster in terms of human casualys?
This is fucking epic.
Can't believe you did this. I love you
How is this man still a capatin with 2 previous collisions under his belt thought like wtf xD Is there a 3 and you are done rule or what.
I'm italian and this was hilarious to watch in my "vada a bordo, cazzo" t-shirt.... good job Internet Hstorian
"The Deets" I lost it.
forsencd
I adore the Halo music over the shots of the ruined ship. Like an incompetent, unnecessary Pillar of Autumn but in the water. And like, not on a giant space ring.
One of my favorite things now is videos of people being asked to stop filiming.
why tf is there a bulgarian courtroom in the background at 34:00 ?
The jacob fleeing scene killed me
Yup okay, never going to take a cruise
As an italian i can tell u that this is more true than anything they said here because of you're objectivity
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
5 star vid, great shit man
I am wondering what does this skotina doing now?
shout out to Dead Island shout out to Skullgirls
As an italian, this video is like too good to be true, thanks.
'The Deets' fucking lmao
i like how your content evolved so well its very neat
Ah yes, the true pride of Italy.
Skettino, more like, lil bitch
Damn, that's actually fucking intense.
.75!
You have 2 weeks to tell me the secret channels
Finally a new video
Stealing the bell is pretty funny actually. And they say looting divers don't have a sense of humour.
I live in Jakarta. If i ever sees this Rusli fellow i'll just tell him that IH sends his regards and probably some baku hantam will ensue.
Okay but what happened to the women in the box?
I've been on a cruise on the Concordia in 2008 x.x
Brilliant video, as always
What a shitshow
oh my God that ig Pic of her in the plane cockpit had me in a buried 5m under in an iron coffin 💀 that's a top 10 moments of foreshadowing in anime right there.
Why didn't this turn up in my subscription feed???
A BLESSING FROM THE LORD
I'm living for the use of music from the Halo games in this masterpiece. That's a certified chef's kiss chief.
Here i am bopping to hornets theme from hollow knight while internet historian is telling me the story of a cowardly captain and his sinking ship. I cant appreciate this video enough
I have waited millenniums for this *NOW GIVE ME MY CONTENT
That Linus Ship Tips killed me. Another Masterpiece, Mr. Historian.
That Linus ShipTips bit is insanely funny and I don't know why
One of the few channels whose sponsor spot i enjoy watching.
This is the weirdest Sims 4 machinima I've ever watched.
"you're not allowed to film" Jesus Christ
Your editing skills are legit the best i have ever seen. Good shit mate.
Heh, cruise ships, the only thing more useless and pointless polluting the oceans is the plastic waste...
Non so se è una cosa bella che ora ci troviamo qui
Just commenting to boost the algorithm bc this deserves just as many views as HOTWIG
Alright, i lost 38:30.
HE IS BACK
the mayor is like superman
hubris
These are the best ads on youtube.
Emo Scattino is the best thing I've seen today
God damn time thank you
The Video editing  is Premium
At 20:00 you say they let out too much chain, I thought the chain on massive boats like that is actually what worked as the anchor? The actual anchor piece is just there to snag on something in case the chains do move? I may be completely wrong and please correct me if I am. but I thought I heard something like that somewhere before?
An history of italian excellence (Im italian btw)
Curious about the accuracy: were some staff members actually created in the Sims in the original event or was that your creative input?
I like these 45 minutes really really in-depth videos
How come you said you changed the names in the disclaimer? These are their actual names.
No, thank YOU.
omg.
to be fair it's best to lie to the passangers becaus most of them are little snowflake cunts who whould panic and just make the situation worse. but he could have done a better job att it and lied in a more controlled and smart way
Siiii un disastro italiano, orgoglio italico
19:52 "Hold on, I'm reversing it. Beep beep, beep, beepbeep." LOL
Gotta feel a bit bad for Jacob tho, doesn't speak english and got jail time
amazing video, waiting for the netflix adaptation
I wonder if anybody will ever find Jacob Rusli Bin...
On behalf of Indonesians, I deeply apologize about the helmsman lol
NOT THE SPAGHETTI N OLIVE OIL
The halo music tho.
Nice, nice, he uploaded
31:49 is just too fucking good
amazing editing man! I love it!
How is this an internet story....
The company avoided all criminal charges paying 1 million?   BRO WTF??????
OHHHH YEAAAHHHHH NEW VIDEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Holy shit I've been binging your videos and I thought this was an old video! Amazing fucking editing!
rest in peace Russel Rebello
31:40 ссссука проорал с "чо-чо"
Didnt they found the last body only when the ship was upright and being dismantled? Man that should have been shocking. Altough, there were still 3 people 'missing' I believe at the time of dismantling.
"Please behave yourselfs"
Spicy
What a masterpiece, coming in hot Mr. Historian.
Aww I liked your 45 min videos. Think of the contents.
What's this, new stuff on the main channel?!
The King is Back
As an Italian watching this video: thank you! The shitload of crap that came down during the years following the disaster has been what made most of italians just... disinteresting, about the whole event. Even I had no precise clue about the proceeding of this horrible thing, that could have been avoided if not for the incompetence and arrogance of Schettino and part of the crew. Keep going, man, you'll really make history!  P.S. Halo music is always a splendid touch
Another top tier documentation dude, the amount of time and effort that go into these really shows
I hope to see an add of yours jaja
Mama mia!
Editing is amazing and also I will never go on a cruise ship.
I remember all the stupid Titanic jokes and clips played during news coverage while actual people were drowning. Even before I heard there was a death toll I thought that was crude.  Edit: also I love hearing the greats of the shipwreck stories; thanks Internet Historian!
Was that Halo legends music?
It says a lot about mainstream media news when a YouTube channel makes more interesting and engaging news content than anything they can manage. The amount of time and effort and research going into these videos puts them to shame.   The memes and comedy keeps the engagement high and simple facts are presented in an interesting way. Media presented like this or Last Week Tonight and AllGasNoBreaks are fast becoming the best way to stay informed about real shit and not the fluff BS the mainstream news goes on about.
So you're telling me this ship captain wanted to yeet on the people on shore and show off to customers on board he caused a second titanic. Fun.
For the algorithm.
WHY DID THIS RELEASE WHILE I WAS SLEEPING
First few seconds, thanks for telling me how to pronounce that word
Cruise life people just sound miserable, smashing glasses and sail by saluting? Nevermind the rampant sex abuse on board of cruises.
I still remember this from the news, It was the main hot topic in Europe for a while
Da italiano ricordo molto bene passare ore davanti alla televisione per vedere gli  aggiornamenti su questa vicenda. Che ricordi
Not enough lifeboats?  I’ve seen this before
sims representing the crew is the cherry on top that we deserved
This really makes me so sweaty
This is extremely tense. Very well done. These are the reasons i dont take steps on the ocean and will stay a land lubber
My favorite type of day....New main channel vids
no wonder you were gone 8 months this was phenomenal
Those shots of the ruined ship really get me going.
Wow, this is easily your best work yet. The editing and pacing, especially in that first half, is legitimately breathtaking. Great mix of straight narrative reconstruction with sidebars to explain facts or incidental details. Even your footnotes and explanations work without breaking pace, which is damn impressive. I know you said you don't want to do longer videos quite like this going forward, but I definitely hope you'd consider them for special occasions. Absolutely well-done, mates.
Pov: you see this video and you are Italian. It makes it 10x better
Laughing hard in Italian 🤌🤌
19:08 The second that song came on, I knew something bad was gonna happen.
U gotta love the bing bing bing bing bong for the local news opening
22:04 Italian here. That's literally what he said, no joke
My favorite
Fking amazing. Thanks bro <3
Better love story than Twilight
Anybody know what the music is 28:20-28:30?
The return of the king!
Thoroughly enjoyed this piece 🤣 👏👏 fantastic.
Noooo, i love these long videos.
35:18 I see what you did there...
Aaah, the old classic italian ineptitude and negligence, mixed in with a sprinkle of lies for maximum damage control.
around 19:30 - music from Hollow Knight, first fight with Hornet.
Hey they copied the titanic wtf ?
Great video! I love your 45 min videos!
yesterday i was watching a video about the britannic titanic and mv dona pez sinking and i nearly watched one on costa concordia, i was bored while studying
Plot twist: Internet Historian actually stole the bell and used this vid as a very clever way to hide the fact that he still owns ze bell cause who would actually mention the funniest part that someone stole a bell from a sunken ship
It's just..... Good business.....
Wait, the helmsman that they hired with totally insufficient skills was also arrested? Or did the guy lie to get the job?  edit: ohh wait lmao he fled huh
Payday 2 “Calling all Units” goes so well with this. Can imagine the bridge blasting it out while there trying to drift around a rock 😂
Costa concordia is the actual name of the ship
“muuuum! internet historian is making god tier content again!”
I just watched a random youtube video about the concordia a few days before this showed up.
Internet Historian, start a merch store where you sell items that have absolutely nothing to do with your channel or it’s videos.
Are you ever going to do a video about CHAZ/CHOP?
As soon as someone asks to stop recording in an abnormal situation it becomes evidence and the request becomes - tampering with evidence.
Here we go boys
Amazing video, well worth a 45 min watch!
Lol that bell-ring as it fell into the water was a very nice touch.
Ay ay ay. What do we have 'ere
Holy shit I cannot believe this was real
42:13 the absolute madlad got away with it
I like the sneaky hollow knight music in there
The captain is a bastardman.  Also people are actually dead, but that trash heap of a woman says she’s died twice?
When I woke up today I was not expecting Internet Historian to be uploading a video about the Costa Concordia...  What a strange time we live in...
"You're not allowed to make a film movie" is like saying you're not allowed to film in Enron HQ after bankruptcy
what an absolute piece of art
I forgot this clusterfuck even happened
Diversity hires are bad.
So when are we having that video on "Fallout: The Frontier"? lol
The Halo soundtrack elevates this already fantastic video to  new heights never reached before on Youtube. Amazing.
Scotinno in Russian means bastard :)
Today it's good day if Internet Historian upload new video
Linus ship tips lmao
At this point you'd think that someone would need a Google search or even read a book and file a lawsuit.
Amazing. Italians, every time.
JUSTENOUGHDANK
needed this
Would be a very fantastic video if only many people hadn't lost their lives in the accident. Joking at the crash kind of cheapens and undermines the personal tragedies. I only mean those small clips of the ship crashing every now and then, feels kind of bad man even when I didn't know anyone personally.
Why the fuck doesn't IH make movies, he's an amazing storyteller.
Didn't play the "spring in my step" music when the Schettino changed clothes: 0/10 >:(
He’s making his own movies, even his ads are movies!
Epic
This content shouldnt be free
This dude makes spaghetti like it was made by Gordon Ramsay.
I love what you did with the sims faces, that’s brilliant man, well done! <3
Internet historian has the best ads in all of the universe.
Linus Ship Tips - knew they were expanding.
Internet Historian: *uploads this video* Me, an Italian: "YES:"
Nooo we got exposed!!! That was supposed to be a secret... But now the world knows... They know
Amazing work. Thank you!
Just gonna say the usage of the Deadspace OST is preem.
Costa Concordia was not the largest cruise ship disaster since titanic. 32 people died on Costa, 852 people died on Estonia in 1994. If you measure by fatalities.
interesting, not internet history, more like IRL history, but still interesting
Honestly the worst part is that fucking judge that took a million euro bribe
The only ads I watch On youtube
captain said drip or drown
By far my favourite channel on this site. The stories are great and the effort put into each video makes them all the better
Goddam that was intense
Honestly I dont even know whether to laugh or cry watching this
He crashes two ships? Great qualifications lets hire him again to crash another one! What did they expect?
Your production value is off the charts on this one.
Awesome. Thank you for your time and thank you for compiling all this data in such an entertaining video!
Is that the FUCKING GHOSTWRITER THEME I HEAR?!
Thank you for the best retelling of this crazy shit.  Luv from tuscany.
M.t.w
NordVPN again eh? Guess that speed run didn’t take.
I’ve been in prison for 9 months and there’s only 3 new videos.           Still happy
12 ship sunk 20 some plagues And we still have 39 ahead of us... o_O
35:00 Suddenly, Skullgirls Soundtrack out of nowhere.
Bruh
Playing MGS2 music from the Tanker episode was a great touch
I didn't even know that many people died
Learning things I never knew. Best history teacher ever
I'll take this as a sign baldy will be back this week
Gah!  ...his mouth moved. ...Fuck, that spooked me.
IVE MISSED YOU! Amazing video as always, i cant imagine how much time this took
This isn’t internet history
AS A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ITALIAN POPULATION, WE STILL HATE SCHETTINO FROM THE BOTTOM OF OUR HEART. VAFFANCULOOOOOOOO SCHETTINO
Oh. My. God. Multi-Island drifting!
Captain Ian McShane ?
the visuals is always funny even for something tragic
This came out right when I got to work and I've been waiting ever since.
Absolute madlad, using the MGS2 soundtrack from the tanker mission
I know i did good when i subscribed to this
NO! I love the long videos. You're content has been better with every video even though it was excellent from the beginning. Yes Womans Land, fallout 76 and this one here have been the bes YT has to offer. Will you really never do these again?
Description of the product: "This has been a Bell of a ride"
31:49 guy in the post's comments says "Leave piloting cabins alone, for God's sake!"
Thats mad lol
Historian you took a one-stream long Italian language course and you butcher all the names like this?
The captain was such a shitty person i do wonder how did he got into that position
Here before the bald man reacts
Concordia? Never saw that one as an option, but now that I think about it it was a shitpost of a shipwreck
Never thought a story about one of the worst maritime disasters in living memory would be so funny and entertaining, yet here we are.  5 stars
More!!!!!!!!!!
Ah, a topical video.
Every time the internet historian uploads, the day is marked in history as a great day
Okay, Boys.... Lets find the *secret Channels* !!! Any hints so far ?
I hope you have a Cyberpunk launch video in mind
This is the luxury equivalent of Jurassic Park.  Spared no expense with the attraction, spared every expense with manpower and safety.
I do have to congratulate the quality of this video And the level of detail
Also, if you want to do a Carnival cruise, take their old-people brand, Holland-America.  Not a shill, swear to God, not a shill.  Their officers are all Dutch, Anglo, or Scandinavian, the ground office is in Seattle, and they go the most boring route to every stop.  After your first cruise on a 'dam ship, you'll be addicted, I guarantee.
Thanks, I wasn't planning to do any work today anyway
I love how funny it sounds, when italians talk english. Shish.
Apparently Internet Historian is a true Indie game soundtrack connoisseur.  I've noticed Hollow Knight, Skullgirls, and another one I can swear on my left testicle comes from an indie game, but I cant remember what it was called
no more long videos is legit disappointing. Hope you reconsider at least from time to time
Linus Ship Tips
Honey wake up! Internet Historian posted!
See you gents in another month and a half, because internet historian puts so much effort into his content!
I MISS YOU DAD
Been so long. Was super excited to see this video, keep up the stellar work!
No matter how long it takes, I'll gladly wait for internet historian videos since they are above and beyond quality.
I'm excited to apply to my next cruise ship. I think I'll make captain this year!
Holy shit 32 dead? I thought the captain's incompetence was funny until I heard that.
I like this.
Bruh I just watched the second part of the Varus
So good I rate 10/10, algorithm please take and recommend
holy shit bro nice use of the halo soundtrack to show the corrosion of time and nature
17:41🤣🤣🤣🤣
The dead island music lol
Finally FFS!
Moral of the story: Communication is key.
That luck that kicked in when the abandoned ship was shown, gave me shivers
Can you teach me history
43:43 That Linus ShipTips xD
As italian this was one of the most embarassing things to ever happen in italy in the last 20 years at least
Absolute GOLD.
imagine you wake up, look out of your window and see fish and coral
My dude made a full on documentary
ohhh my that was unexpected
Qanon please.  We need to know about the Qshaman’s Bible!
Of course she would become a "Political"  activist - those people are always so nice and want to make the world a better place =)
hol up it has ben 8years? god damn
Signore signori, i grandi capitani italiani... C'è un motivo se il mediterraneo non è più il mare nostrum
Well done son
Wonderful linus intro parody m8
Internet Historians love of boats and detective dramas are getting more evident by each passing video
Surely the WSB GME episode is next
What ever happened to the lady in the box?
That LinusShip Tips had me rolling
Eyyyyy, he got his password back!
Using sims characters was the right call. Fucking great
“And more of em” hahaha good joke IH
When I saw the captain I was like "oh shit I remember this crash!" But had no idea the absolutely insane details behind it
Moldova is the northern part of Romania. You fucking read the Newspaper from all around the world and translated it but couldn't find Moldova on the map?
I remember hearing the harbor master screaming at Schettino live on the news... never heard a man scream "cazzo" that many times in 20 seconds xD
I was seriously craving a new video last night and so was watching the second channel, I opened up pools closed today went through a couple other videos and saw this one do I thought Oh haven't watched this one yet and realized it was uploaded 8 hours ago. Nice coincidence I must say.
Phenomenal editing, felt like watchin a movie.
I enjoy the long documentaries. It's all the shit I wanted to learn in school but was too busy learning about the Isosceles Triangle
Brought tears to my eyes. Very well done movie by internet historian once again.
This is why the Italians are never allowed to organize anything important.
love the choices of halo ce and halo 3 music. Great video as always
Have you been playing hollow knight internet historian?
NEW VIDEO. LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO!
This a legitimate, broadcast-length documentary. Like, actual journalism. Christ mate, when did you go legit? Great work and really glad to see you thriving!
A cock up cascade on the high seas. I feel really bad for all those people.
I’m not crying. You are.
Did anyone loot DURING the rescue? That's what I would have done.
The Linus shiptips was amazing holy shit. Lmao!!
How can a security guy become a captain, crash 2 ships and still keep his job?
Every new Internet Historian video brings a huge smile to my face.
as an italian i remeber when the ship sink , and all happened because the captain of the ship was distracted by a prostitute, ahhh, italia mia
This is content of the highest quality, i legit cannot praise you enough.
That bit with Cemortan’s Instagram killed me jfc
This is the only channel in existence were Im excited about ads...
from whence you came, you shall remain, until you are complete again!
And I just finished Return of the Obra Dinn
The expensive shit being stolen is better than it literally rotting
As an Italian, I can confirm you nailed the pronunciation. Especially the hand-gestured ones.
Great vid man.
what happend to the lady in the magician box?
Things like this are why I will never view cruise ships as anything other than death traps that no sane person would willingly board.
So what are the names of his other channels?
Loving the Halo music
I'm gonna miss these 45min long videos....May they rest in peace at the bottom of the sea with Concordia.
After 50 billion years he’s back
You wasted a completely good pot of spaghetti. Idc if this video is good, im pissed
I knew he stole the bell!
What a shitshow
Im surprised they havent scrapped it yet.
But... We are here for the hour long documentaries on human stupidity
But was the the Internet Historian inside the ship? Or did he interview the survivors?
In german I liked to tell the joke: "Ich gehe an den Karneval verkleidet als Costa Concordia, zuerst lasse ich mich volllaufen und danach lege ich mich auf die Seite"  Translated it means something like Schadenfreude in english.
Oh boy.... hope that's gonna be the only time we Indonesians cause a disaster...
Im not a boat captain but know to slow down, try and put in reverse or something then try turn around. Not speed up and try to tokyo drift a cruise ship around an island😂
Captain: "Bad Trip"
I am loving the halo music in this xD
you're an excellent story teller
The Payday 2 music and the LA Noire section just takes me to a state of euphoria I never want to come down from.
Like the video but never ever make Hide Your Pain Harold lips move like that again it’s creepy
my body is ready for this video
ah yes, Captain cretino
oh you're back 🥰🥰🥰
Luv The long videos👌
You sly... You did it again. Great video!
Would just like to point out this is the industry that was bailed out with millions and billions of our tax dollars during COVID. An industry that has contributed nothing positive to this world besides decades of pollution to the ocean only to make the petite bourgeoisie feel like they are part of the privileged world. Just saying.
The halo music was a beautiful touch sir
Great video
Dude just trying to copy Valentino Rossi
As an italian, this was pleasantly unexpected. The video, that is, not the tragedy LMAOOO I mean RIP
11/10 :D vid as always ... but please dont waste food like that <3
10:44 thanks,  now I got  some serious L.A. NOIRE nostalgia to handle  with some  James Ellroy  a pack of  cigarettes and  some  booze, I hate you for this ...😭
I'm Italian. This had been a huge impact on our culture. It happened something weird, some people didn't want to remove the ship because it was considered "part of the environment"
10/10
From internet historian to Modern Historian. Nice job my dude.
The Return of the King
A beautiful story
I really want that bell
Ah, good to know the historian is still alive
The History Channel can learn a thing or 2 from the Internet historian
Oh Shit.
Despite the lack of genuine fottage. You've done it. This is almost national geographic documentary level. Maybe you should apply for Sceen Australia funding. Like how superwog did it.
you are now permanently banned from Italy after the deets in the spaghetti
19:08 was that hornets theme  You played hollow knight didn’t you
The fucking LTT meme is too good for the internet, we aren’t ready for such epic memes
let me get this straight.. You're saying Hungarian gypsies attempted a scam. Im pretty sure this almost never happens.
28:47 this killed me xD
nice
I only watch these for the ads, fuck you. *skipped to the ad*
Im italian and i love it😌😍
ahahaha beautiful troll of linus tech tips xD
"This has been a hell of a ride." As I wrote this sentence, I realized how fitting it is for the situation.
God dammit Rusli! What a cluster-fuck-fest situation.   I'm an Indonesian, but I haven't heard any news about him nor the ship.
you forgot the part where in late 2014 Schettino was called to the La Sapienza University in Rome by professor Mastronardi to give a lecture about the events on the Costa Concordia.  needless to say, Mastronardi was supendended and interdicted for two months (without wage), and the whole thing was dropped shortly thereafter.
Spicy
Ha ha boats
Dropped this 👑
Another masterpiece
I like how they used the captain as a scape goat, but why only him, why not everybody else on the deck? they really wanted him to get fucked I guess
I'm watching this ad thinking why do I hear hornet's theme
Love the use of Hornet’s theme.
Ah a fine video this is, twelve times in a row i must watch it.
I'm here mostly for the ads. Rest is just a cherry on top.
How am i supossed to focus when the hollow knight soundtrack is such a banger
And that's why I have trust issues  Incompetency is one of modern humanity's worst enemies
jokes on you I'm watching this for the ad
32:11 A diamond in the rough
Leonardo Di Caprio clearly got the oscar for the wrong movie he should have gotten it for this!!
The cool Indonesian guy prolly watching this video lmao
i can live with shorter videos if there is more of them :)
24:25 I know I recognise this song but what is is from?
Your videos make up some of the best content on the internet
The ads are so good that even as I'm rewatching this video I'm also gonna rewatch the ad.
600k views in under a day. So I'm not the only one who missed good ol' Internet Historian it looks like.
Awesome video.
Internet historian is the only youtuber that i watch the sponser ad
Everyone: no you can't make Titanic 2 Italians: Costa Concordia go brrrrrrrrrr
Just a quick thing: Letting the anchor out and dragging chain is kind of how it works, the Chain is what stops the ship not the actual Anchor it's self - so with dropping it they were aiming to get enough chain to land to drag the ship.  If the actual anchor was to snag it would just snap the chain. :) - Sorry pedantic naval shit
39:24 Band of brothers <3
I wanted my ex to go with me on that ship, she refused saying that she had a bad feeling about it ( she says that a lot ), we broke up due to this issue. I'm beginning to think that I have a bad feeling about it.
Apparently IH really likes fighting games soundtracks
I was on the old costa concordia around 1999. It was fine back then.
Fuuuck the creepy alien music playing while showing the ship years later gave me shivers
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY LADS
WE missed you!!!!!!
Hollow knight music in this internet historian? Nice
Is that... the ghost car song in the background at the start?
16 years?! IF a Naval officer abandons ship, they get life in prison and possibly tried for treason!
damn the 300 to 1 like/dislike ratio
the detail of showing the time in the top right corner is amazing
Maybe the real Cost of Concordia was the friends we made along the way
Nord VPN still sponsors you?! lol!
That "linus shiptips" was gold lol
The italian justice sistem is so corrupt that 33 people dieing didnt change anything
This was 8 years ago ? WTF
Sweet jesus another masterpiece
Okay, so Schettino was a security detail in 2002 and somehow became captain (of cruise liners of all the ships) in 2006. Even in 4 yrs, it is fucken too fast for him to be a captain, even if he went through being a deckhand rating. I'd like to think this is karma in full action. Him being captain in 4 yrs is shady as hell.
I always enjoy your videos you put in so much work and still make all the facts so entertaining
We need a video about Cyberpunk fiasco and Gamestop stocks.
why didnt the use their fucking bow thrusters?? or reverse one engine??? that would mean immediate turning even for a ship that size
I appreciate the wealth of Halo soundtrack in this video IH.  Also, I feel for you: 30:18 must've meant watching A LOT of Keemstar. You've got sand.
why am i so excited
Gotta respect how much video game music Internet Historian uses in his videos: LA Noire, PayDay 2, the Jackbox games, Metal Gear Solid 2, ... I applaud you, fellow gaming sir.
Was legit watching all your videos the last few days, can’t wait to watch this one!
25:23, I'm dying
Wait... Did he say secret Channels?... Okay i have Something to do...
MGS MUSIC HES A BEAST
He’s back baby   He’s back.
Wait, why did the hotel director with the broken leg who was rescued last get the harshest penalty after the captain?  Was he the one misleading the passengers?  Did they determine he made that decision on his own?  The video makes it look like it all came down from the captain, which would make sense, because how would the hotel director know what the operational status of the ship was?
iS tHe sHiP stIlL FloOdiNG? 🤣
He's back boys.
nice use of the halo soundtrack
I has no clue he had secret channels. Gotta find them all now
Of course pastas  are flying around the engine room after hitting the rocks.
Secret channels? Where?!
Holy God this is the greatest historical video I've ever watched. I laughed, I was in dismay and... I cried. Subscribed.
Man the Italians eyeball it all the way from cooking to sailing massive ships
Excellent as always
I swear to god the advertisement on this video is so much better then most youtube content these day.
I didn't realize Hornet's theme would fit a cruise ship evacuation this well.
You could laugh about that but people lost their lifes because of this gross incompetence
What a story....
Secret channels? Anybody have a link?
The collision scene oh my god hahahahah
How do you know about the parts you weren't there for?  :3
LINUS SHIPTIPS I CANT HAHAHAHAHAH
The "Linus Ship Tips" got me hahaha
Not the linus intro 😂
2:11 Damn nearly threw my phone when Historian's mouth started moving
If hearing about these maritime disasters has taught me anything, it's that if you're told to go back to your cabin. Probably don't do that.....
eyyy i heard that walk in the woods half way through  which is probably appropriate given the forest of bullshit the captain is probably about to spew out
lol Linus Ship Tips
I m italian. Not enough badabing and badaboom
I cannot believe that somehow a fellow  romanian found his way aboard The Concordia and of course she did it illegally and is fucking nuts. Another glorious day to be romanian
Oh My God! Okay, it´s happening!
"La verità sommersa" means "The sunken/submerged truth", but with the implication the truth has voluntarily been hidden.
This is like Among Us only it's on the water. And the Imposter is the captain.
didnt expect to watch the whole thing god damn u kept it interesting all the way gj lad
This is the best video i've ever seen
*S P I C Y*
*I sleep* *Internet Historian drops a banger* *real shit*
the heck does he mean by secret channels?
as italian, I have to say thanks mr. Harold for doing this. I went on vacation to Giglio island in 2013, and I saw the ship still tilted, it was impressive to say the least.
Linus Ship Tips. Classic
Thank you for another great video!
Schettino not only wrote a book, he also have been  in universities making speeches. Italy...
Daddy Historian is back!!
When your shitpost channel slowly morphed into a journalist.
19:44 WHY DO I HEAR BOSS MUSIC i got instant flashbacks to hollow knight making this so much for nerve wracking yay
Did anyone noticed keem never ages?  He reported on this story 9 years ago and still looks great.  Mean while i'm slowly turning into looking like the nice old man on this channel.. smh
30:43 I speak Italian fluently and my best guess is that that's just broken Engrish, trying to sound deep.
*3 THINGS* 1st off I love the 45 minute videos. 2nd what the fuck are the secret channels. 3rd get Whang! On your 2nd channel for a character voice?             P.S. i love every video you make
This is really well put together. I enjoy.
What about the people who hired such incompetence. I think theyre more culpable than these nunces
I literally mention the name of the ship and then you post this video wtf .
This is fucking amazing mate
Sad to hear the long videos are done, though I suppose more content can't be bad
When is Michael Madsen going to play Schettino in a film?
Oh god, I'm so sorry that happened to you.
31:02 - That's a Romanian news website XD  Keep up the good work, yet again one fascinating and fun video from your side!
He's deft an attractive gentleman
8:44 had me dying lol
Brilliant idea for an Internet Historian flick. You gave this aquatic farce some justice. I wouldn't call it the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic though. MS Estonia comes to mind, for example.
copious amounts of the sims men.
Ah, using Marty's music from Halo.... A man of culture.
Wait, this is already 8 years ago? Feels like 5 at most.
I've been obsessing about cruise ship fails lately thx I needed this
When does The Cost Of Concordia come out in cinemas?
I may be bit of a nerd but that part where you see now modern photos of the wreck makes me remember dearly my favorite levels in video game "Zanki Zero" - where your main characters are last people on largely humanity free earth and exploring different places, one, an old cruise ferry with similar scenery and atmosphere.
LINUS SHIP TIPS
Dang they went under all the figurative ladders
So did captain italia get out early or is he still serving time?
always a good watch
I can't wait for the GameStonks episode
who would not want to get swag treasure from a submerged vessel.
Okay, all memes aside, that part with the fall of reach music playing was genuinely amazing. Kudos my good sir!
I went scubadiving there 4 years ago and happened to find a "breitling" watch😂
You don't often get to witness a ship kansei dorifto into disaster.
ITS BACK !!!!!!!
Francesco Schettino. There's a Russian word "скотина" ("skotina") which means "cattle", but is also used to call someone an a**hole. Hmmm.
19:08 Man I LOVE the Hollow Knight music being used here! Good stuff man!
Great video and all, but it broke my heart as you destroyed this spagetthiat the halfway point. They looked pretty good actually.
10/10 just for that Tony Hawk edit.
That bit with the spaghetti was the most disturbing part of this whole thing.
This was an amazing video
You are an artist storyteller!
Always wondered what happened to Cp.t Lulzpants
This right here is titanic 2, in both tragedy and filmmaking, both at their finest
That captain though. What a disgusting excuse for a human.
This is what happens when your subbed, but forget to put on Notifications. You're late.
This might be my favorite episode of Ad Time, and not just because my real name is Ed.
God I love this. Plz make more of these mr internet historian
finally, im shitting rn
No Fucking way. NO FUCKING WAY ANOTHER VIDEO under 6 months. 2021 is a happy yeae
Imma watch a minute of this every month. Hopefully by then he has uploaded again.
Worth the wait. Cheers Earth!
Wake up babe new internet historian video
When Internet Historian uploads, you know it's going to be good
Give the best man award to Schettino
Fuck it   Ferrari with Lamborghini doors
Linus Ship Tips.  I'd subscribe to that!
26:58: "It even has a watermark"  Lost. My. Shit.
33:57 why is judge rinder there? me thinks internet historian likes British tv, or maybe his editor does...
This is your best work yet. I used to look this up on google maps all the time
28:33 GTA VC
Why the fuck did I have anxiety by listening to this?
I see you are still alive, very noce
yeah, when my generators fail they too make a massiva bump and loud scraping noises. why are you asking?
funny how you upload a vid the day after I rewatch your no mans sky vid. I really love them.  What's the music at 40:32 ? I've heard it before... planet coaster?
Really had to stretch for that 10 min mark
19:10 Internet Historian: “The ship forcefully runs aground, creating an uneven center of gravity”  the music: *Shaw Intensifies*
Dam this is the best movie I’ve ever seen
I think the Payday Music fits perfectly
i've been checking the channel for the entire day and finaly its here
this is some superb editing man, this has been very entertaining and informative. Thanks!
I'm glad this exists
The mouth animation at 2:10 is gonna haunt me in my dreams
Largest cruise ship disaster since titanic? What about estonia? It was a cruiseferry and it's like mix between cruise ship and Ro-Pax ferry.  Btw might wanna look into it. That was a devastating accident. 852 died and only 137 survived.  It sank in cold stormy weather. Would be good video. Rip to all people there. Oh and the captain stayed on the ship like you're supposed to
He finally figured out his password
Finally, my country is famous for something!!! XD  Love your videos  Historian!!!!
This is pog
Still better than the Princesses
I really want to know who writes the nordvpn ads. Do they have a book or summat?
heyyyy inurance company
You ever considered a career in advertising XD.
secret channels you say.....
didn't ask NYW
Okay bUT WHAT HAPPENED TO MAGIC TRICK LADY?  Also I understand that you left out the horrifying deaths of people trapped inside elevators and stuff, but that is why soggy pizza captain deserves all this hate
If he's gonna make this kind of documenter and release it on cinema, i'll bring all my family to watch ngl
24:40 That Logitech Trackman still intact lmao
I was so excited for this upload I forgot about the fact I get to see a new ad! This day just keeps getting better
Incredible video.
What’re these secret channels!?
Wow, who are you?
Oh man I was so impressed with your italian pronunciation at the beginning, but than you fell for some name. Naturally, I am proud to be of the same nationality as cpt. Schiettino. Great video!
The amount of videos that Asmongold needs to react is piling up.
This bitch might be the reason why 33 people died and several thousands were endangered and cries about "dying" because the court wants the truth about why the ship sank?
Internet historian you say? I have not heard that name in years
the intro feels like a sequel to titanic
Saddens me to hear that we won't be getting any of these larger documentary-style videos, especially with the disastrous launch of Cyberpunk 2077, but it's good to hear we'll be hearing and seeing more of your content more frequently. Keep up the good work, seriously, you're one of, if not the best creator on this platform.
Spicy.
Damn.  Its been that long since the last video?
I Appreciate that LTT reference xD <3
halo soundtrack 👌
How has this not been made into a 3 hour movie. You could easily do the first hour and a half being dedicated to the ship and the latter hour and a half dedicated to the aftermath.
You're about 10 years late, but keep trying to stay relevant.
As a hungarian, my fellow countryman didnt disappointed me 🤣🤣🤣 By tha way awesome video as always 👍
I like the memes but my blood is boiling at how retarded the entire situation was.
"not to worry, we are still flying half a ship"
Lol, "you're not allowed to film."   Fuck you, the ship is sinking...
Anyone else hearing Payday 2 music?
Brahhhhhh about time
Look at me im early.. oh no one cares
Man Schettino became a national meme in italy after that
YEAHHHH INDONESIA IN INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO 🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩  Oh wait...
Proud to say you butchered 100% of the italian names involved in this story, but that is what they deserve.
CP2077? Nah. Modern Titanic is where we at
My knowledge is going through the roof after watching his videos
Babe, wake up, new internet historian just dropped
《Schettino Torni a bordo a bordo, cazzo!!!》
Move over Vasa and Titanic
Almost thought you'd forgotten the password for this channel lol.
does Linus have anything to say about this lol
Not gonna lie - I smashed 'Like' after the NordVPN-noir. Here's lookin' at you, kid.
Nice Dead Island tune at 28:18 really kicked back some memories
Chefs kiss
16 years in prison... well he really tryed not to hit the rocks once he realized the error and the evasive move also seemed rather professional, if not for the fuck up of the steerer
Great video
Lets talk about the MV Sewol next time, should we? 300 hundreds dead, mainly high school students, dying from following direction, because the officials wanted to be seen around as saviors around the people, only to arrive 12h after the ship ended under the water completely
How do you go from being a painter/cleaner to steering a cruise ship in another country a world away when you don't even speak the language?
Wait what did the helms men do wrong? The only thing he's guilty of is being shit at his job that he shouldn't even be in.
This grandpa do be remembering a lotta detail tho
most italian thing ever
"buyer to collect" "condition: used"
“OO SHIT!”
LOL we are so fucked as a species
YES MAN YOUR SPIN ON THIS IS LUSH
Man i was not expecting you to upload today last time i remember you uploaded was when the dino nuggets got but fucked
The captain should never abandoned the ship until everyone is safe and leave.
excellent use of halo music historian ;)
Sapevo che sarebbe successo 🙄 okay get it done
never thought i'd hear about this again
VADA A BORDO CAZZO very good video @Internet Historian  very sad story for italy
Man, the Jesse part had my laughing my ass off in bed while my wife slept. Good work my man.
You ruined an entire pot of spaghetti for a cyberpunk joke? YOU MONSTER
Under the cover of night, nice to see Marty's music show up even here
43:50 That is just fantastic.
39:46 OH SNAPS IT'S KI2 TUSK STAGE
Could you do a video on the fall of fallout frontier
Now I want a linus ship tips channel :(..
There is a recording of that conversation between captain and de falco... when he tells him to get back on the ship... thats the greatest verbal ass-whooping i ever heard... o.O Also.. when you see the character and behaviour of Dominica ... you realize that captain and her are trully a match made in heaven.. made for each other. Both spine-less... posturing for fame.. incapable and generally sleezy people... XD
Hurray you're back!!
46:00 Even love the little gasp, bloody love it. Terrible history, but great video
Really good Video!
wow those images of the aftermath of the ship was actually rather haunting
lmaoXD
I was really looking forward to Internet Historian's take on GME, but this did not disappoint. I'll take it AND I'M NEVER SELLING
how tf do i find the secret channels
As and Italian I must say that this is an OPERA D'ARTE.          Also those memes are pure gold.
I got better information from this video than many news outlets, plus some quality memes
Shit I've been on that boat! It was 2010 back on the day
the quality on this is incredible can't wait for the next one :D
Dropped everything I was doing
Drinking game: take a can of beer everytime a boat explodes in this video.
the use of sims is amazing to me
As an italian i can confirm everything
This is the kind of full fat double decker extra cheese content I live for!
that ship looks like its from a bioshock game. now that i think about it, a bioshock game where it happens on a ship seems neat!
I Love it ❤️👾❤️
AAAAAAH The sweet sweet sound of Tg5
A relative actually did a cruise with the same Capatain. She said he was a womanizer
No insurance fraud policy eh? Thanks for the tip
Great video, as always.
Nothing on TV comes close to how good this stuff is
Good stuff
shoutouts to the guy that has the giant fuck off bell
"Vada a bordo, cazzo!" is still a meme in Italy to this very day.
I've never thought I 'd hear TG5's opening theme on this channel
43:51 u fuckin killed me man
That was incredible.
I enjoyed this very much thank you!
"Who is the best captain for this new ship?" "Sir, we have a captain that has wrecked a couple of ships." "Perfect!"
God damn the Halo soundtrack fits perfectly
His cyberpunk review is gonna be great...
I lost it when Hollow Knight ost started
I remember my grandpa telling me this story when i was 7 or something. I'm so glad I found confirmation cause as I got older it started to sound like he was shitting with me. Legendary video!
This is literally one of my worst night mares
Edit: also, just to add to the assurdity, he got called by La Sapienza University to hold a seminary about how to manage panic in danger situations in 2014.  I came to check if there was another video and I find the meme legend of Italy.  Wasn't expecting to find this, lol I still remember how absurd this thing was back in the day and how badly it was handled even after. Wild.
You can film horror movies for years inside that ship now. You don't even need to build or rent a set
Guys e's back!
Clearly the biggest problem was they served gin. Maybe if they spent their money on vodka, this wouldn't have happened.
These transitions had me in TEAR DUDE
i may rest assured that no matter how hard i try i will never fuck up that badly.
Hey wait a minute, this isn't Elpis.
the like-dislike ration is nuts on his videos......... literal filmmaking chad
you're very good at this, more plox
That was beautiful and tragic and funny but at what costa?
spicy
I didn't think this would turn out to be a Karen origin story.
Can someone enlighten me about the secret channels?
No one should have died. Everyone responsible got off easy.
I almost got to sleep but found this and can’t stop watching
Y a pas un français qui veut traduire ses vidéos svp?
This fucking helmsman -_____-
that keemstar edit was gold LMAO
Wow, what a ride
Amazing
25:11 what. the. fuck.
SCHIETTINO, SALGA A BORDO CAZZO!
43:52 absolutely perfect
"Not to worry, we are still flying half a ship" "Another happy landing !"
Was this rebuilt or was I on it before it crashed since I remember being in the Costa.
Thank you for making those videos! Keep up the good work :-)
Thank you for great and funny videos you're awesome
hahahahah that fucking spaghetti bit is amazing,
As an Italian, as soon as I saw the thumbnail I said "oh no not again"
The only channel where watching the sponsor ad is just as entertaining as the rest of the video
I think this is a greaqt video, but i really cant watch it. Hurts to much knowing what happened
GME when?
It’s five AM and here I am
Your advert was interrupted by a fucking advert, and then right at the end of your ad, it was interrupted by another one.  *Goddammit, YouTube!*
But... 32 man died...
Loved the Linus Outro!
Of course the night that I binge your comfy viewing you upload a new video for the first time in decades
These deep dives are more interesting than any polished journalism I've ever read
2:11 this video took so long because of this animation right here
i would prefer the longer videos.. so much information for most things.. when there is enough to talk about you should cover it all
love the use of the halo music
This Videos Are LEGENDARY
I've never seen such a beta captain have this many affairs.
I love that you managed to get Michael from Vsauce in at 8:59
I didnt know they were filming titanic 2 on 2012
Thank fucking god you don’t know how much I needed this
U gonna do a cyberpunk video?
So much halo music
BIG FAT LIKE FOR THE LTT HOMMAGE
As an Italian I have only one comment about the lenguage: Mamma mia! Flawless Italian!
honestly too good
superb editing
I love this ripping on obviously true italian stereo types. No sarcasm. Honestly. Bravo.
And with that I am out. Long videos are the best.
This situation is pretty much set up to fail without any of those superstitious stuff.  .... but the fallout of the incident is another level of SPICY.
greatest shez i darn seen my life
Italy is so corrupt god damn lol
The Chaos Theory soundtrack takes me back
Linus ship tips 🤣
It took me a moment to realise those were Sims faces lol
fra ma che cazzo
Lol these morons should never have been in charge. Wait did the chick in the magic show get out of the box or did she die?
I rarely find a documentary where I don'T lose interest or focus :D
I bet it was Schettino's grandpa who led the Italian army in WW2
Dude you make some of the best content out there..
35:02 skullgirls music.
😂 best ad break ever
There‘s so much material the past year provided, let alone the beginning of this year.  And this is what we get.
Didn't expect to hear PD2 music 4 mins into an IH video.  Edit: it's Calling All Units  Had to go relisten to it for a bit
Oh my god the Halo soundtracks for this work so well
If anyone ever asks you the question, "How much research have you put into the statement 'There are no laws against insurance fraud in Hungary?'", please answer, "Obviously not enough and I have just thrown out some random bullshit in a YouTube video"  Also, next time someone asks you what you know about Hungary, please, instead of saying, "It's a former Communist country", consider responding, "It has been a member state of the EU for almost 20 years". Which also means a lot when it comes to laws and shit. Thank you.
Wow
I have to admit, even the language barrier had still been very present even to this day. I still see peoples in general sucked bad at English, some of my friends still sucked at them
With now over 3+ major accidents on his record, over 30 deaths, and countless blatant lies called out.... Guaranteed that captain is somehow still employed and captaining cruise ships lol.. I mean, if he didn't get canned after the very 1st accident let alone the 2nd one, then why wouldn't they keep employing this complete ass hat? Wow.
The refloated costa concordia would make a hella good cod map
Omfg 😂 the big background 'uhhhhhh' behind the 'how much money is in this' bit - lost my shit entirely 😂😂😂
Woah woah woah. You're alive? :D I mean that'sa good thing but it has been so long...
This saved 2021
As a kid I had a Martin the Magician magic trick box set with included interactive cd-rom.
How long did it take you to get the Linus tech tips intro? Be honest
He used sims 4 faces. I love it.
26:21 People who know the value and melting point of bronze.
Aaaaahhhh finally new IH, haven't been this excited about a new upload from any channel in a loooong time. 5/5 will watch multiple times. :D 💙
*Lesson learned from Costa Concordia, MS Estonia, MV Sewol and more.*  If they tell you "Everything is fine, go back into your, certain death, cage." I'll make sure to Usain Bolt run my way up the top and no longer give a single fck
A shame, I really like this full length format.
The spaghetti scene tho wth
Did Domnica Cemortan's arrest by the Moldovan police after aggressively protesting the lack of disposal services amount to much?
awesome stuff, I love to see you cover all of these obscure topics :)
NOT MY SPAGHETTI!!!
I was doing okay with this piece up until 18:37 when you can clearly hear a frightened child crying. Jesus Christ there were KIDS on that ship. Their lives should have never been put in danger. 33 people DEAD. And the Captain just RAN. I am so mad right now.
OK, just one time Moldova appears in one of Internet Historian's videos and we're a freaking asylum for a crazy woman. Thx Moldova, very nice
this definitely inspired some uncharted levels
Wasn't expecting the Linus Ship Tips. Nice one.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Sounds like someone’s been playing halo
This was the best summary of the Costa Concordia disaster, ever.
I look forward to and enjoy IH videos more than I do actual cinema.  I wish he was my friend. :( He’s so cool.
Got a cruise ship ad
This captain is basically one of our most hated people even right now lol.
Is it just me, or are the Nord VPN ads higher quality than the video itself?
The captain is obviously responsible for this disaster, but how can a helmsman not know his left from his right??
As an italian i cringed so much at this video xD  Not because it wasn't fun or else, just because i knew the sheer level of stupidity i was about to withness. AGAIN.
I came for the mid video promotion. I stayed for the Costa Concordia story.
Your documentaries are officially the best on youtube, someone please give an oscar to this historian
whats the bgm at 14:33?
Great video. See you all next year when he uploads again!
The captain looks like Michael Scott, and fucking acts like him aswell, damn
At 5:25 my internet cut out. I thought IH put the loading circle as a joke and laughed for a quick minute lol.
So... no Cyberpunk 2077 breakdown research?(
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
literally the only nordvpn sponsor ill watch through probably
I appreciate your attempt in speaking italian, really <3
"The second time I died" line makes me sick. People actually died there, like how dare she?  Fucking Narcissist.
Question: Why were Italian Battleships built with glass bottoms? Answer: To be able to see the rest of the Italian Fleet!
The best part of this video..? Definitely 'The Deets'
Oh look, it's Internet Historian! My favorite day!
your videos are quality.....
Ironically now Schettino is a high ranked teacher in Rome for Naval Safety. Instead of facing jail. bruh
Finally hand revel
Payday music detected
you think boat would be treated like airplane. also there would be map of the underwater plains probably. great video this is amazing.
this is gonna be great for hasan to watch after hes being doing so much Italian RP
Yay, he got the password to his main channel back!
A good piece of italian history, love to see that we are known for something else other than Silvione Berlusconi
Internet historian is the only YouTube who makes the ads enjoyable
>53M gash  Jesus Christ, that ships FUCKED.  Edit: "Who steals a big fuck off bell?"  An art thief who knows profit when she sees it. That's right, I'm saying carmen san de-fucking-igo did it.
Skull rock: I sunk your battle ship!
"Jacob Rusli Bin" seems to me like it would be "Rusli Bin Jacob", since the "Bin" part indicates a patronym: part of a full name indicating ties to one's father instead of a family name in certain cultures - since most Indonesians (Javanese, Malay et cetera) don't have family names unless you have parentage of cultures that do (Western, Chinese et  cetera).
Ah yes the video about the second most famous or infamous italian captain, after Cristoforo Colombo
*He has returned*
But I like the 45 min videos, father plz
Dude your editing is on fucking point. thank you for making me laugh at 3am in the morning asshole
"Who steals a big, fuck-off bell?" That's the first thing I'd take. No reason, I just would.
mama mia
I like to imagine that the captain sat in a tiny room watching a VHS titled "Your first ship : How to be a captain" as part of his employee training.  I've seen better crisis management at the fry station during lunch at McDonalds.
love the hollow knight ost use throughout
He's back baby
I remember this happening when I was in my last year of primary school which basically means I was around 11 and it was the big joke of the month. Good to know the full story
Great work as always mr. IH. Have you ever thought of doing an episode on the MS Estonia? 🤔🤔 You do seam to be in the maritime themes lately, with that whole pirate project and now this.
Are we sure he isn't related to Titanics Captian Smith? That fucker loved causing wrecks too. lol
Rusli Bin looks like a great Sims character.
As a former US Navy Sailor, this actually has me both cringing and concerned. I knew those damn cruise ship crews were incompetent but jesus.
Very well done and thank you for covering this story. There’s a documentary I saw on the Costa Concordia sinking that collected cell phone and TV footage of the event. It’s pretty crazy.
hollow knight. nice music choice
Sad that the longer videos are not going to be a thing but I understand
I remember this very vividly. My Mom and I saw an ad for the Costa Concordia and she said "why don't we go on a cruise ship for our next vacation?" The next day this was all over the news.
43:51 love that Edit
HE LIVES
Linus Ship Tips lmfao
Three years to find the last body!? That is crazy. Wonder where the poor guy was found. I assume they had to take their getting it up right and docking it and searching every square inch but damn
Ok cool, but where is cyberpunk video?
That bell is still with me, you know?
IH uploads  *depression has left the server*
I was hoping one day someone will make an extended video on this case. I'm glad you did !
The end already!  damn the fastest 45 min
love the story and fun to hear hornet theme by Christopher Larkin in there
At 31:49 you can see a comment on her IG's post that translates to "Leave cockpits alone, for christ's sake"
This story is great, and now it's greater because you made a video about it
It's kinda amazing how well Halo's music fits with some parts in this video.
That LinusShipTips intro is brilliant
No corona virus, no invasion of capitol no Cyberpunk disaster... I'm extremely disappointed.  Waiting for months and months...
finally!!!!!!
Believe it or not i was once in a debate with a person who claimed the captain wasnt responsible and had nothing to do with the whole incident. He argued the captain's action was only natural and wasnt due to incompetence or cowardice. YUP.
Chaos Theory soundtrack... Nice!
25:18 As an Italian, I'm severely insulted by how watery that sauce looks
To be honest, this is most definitely whoever put Schettino in the position of captain of the ship's fault.Firstly the way he ranked up was suspicious, and secondly he had already damaged other ships beforehand.Why on earth would you even want him steer another?! Let alone even glance at another ship! What did they expect?!
Why does using Comic Sans make this somehow better quality
Im gonna start pirating today
If only Captain Bonnet had been on board...
How it feels to chew 5 gum
It feels off with this memey style on a event that 32 people died on, still a good video but it feels uncomfortable.
I remember Concordia becoming a popular shitposting and memes source back in 2012 in italian internet, good times
Just got out of work. This is what I needed
Finally yes yyyyyeeeeeeewsssss
Any day in which you get a notification for a new Internet Historian video is a great day!  Really though, your videos are beyond amazing. I have no idea how you can keep creating such bangers over and over again, but here we are. I can tell a stupidly large amount of effort goes into each one of these, so I just want to say: Thanks for all of the work you do! It’s all very much appreciated.
i would never go to the sea if i can't swim.
8 YEARS.  Your goddam upload rate, right there.
Lol is the clip os Cemortan taking a drag real??
This whole video is so fucking dense  Like the captain
24:17 halo music?
These edits are god tier
28:50 Wait...I recognize that song...  *VICE CITY!?*
This should be on the Discovery Channel as a catastrophic document.
Lol tusks theme is in this video
Why does that lawyer from the scam look like B.J from wolfenstein??
25:11 The deets.
Internet Historian is like the "Take the piss" version of LEMMINO
I need to know if somebody knows the the paths to the secret channels
defalco eroe nazionale
8 Years??????????????????????? OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So question, how was the captin not fired after all of his other little accidents and how did he get promoted to captin anyway.
ah yes, long awaited new episode of NordVPN-man's adventures
The captain abandoning ship was viewed by the entire nation as a disgrace and an insult. We barely even cared 30 people died, we cared he wasn't among them.
Is it normal for captains to crash their ships into ports multiple times? If no then why would you choose to hire this moron to captain your 570 million dollar cruise ship.
How does he always make these videos so damn funny and fascinating at the same time!? Quality is always worth the wait!
I never thought I'd hear Internet Historian butcher Hungarian names, but here we are. Kind of ironic, really, it makes me tear up from joy.
This is what the history channel should be like
All that precious spaghetti... lost for a silly joke... you monster!
video game level anyone?
So you’re back huh
I  think we can all agree on the magician being the true hero of this story. He made half the ship disappear!
Can you do a video about Deep Horizon oil rig disaster at the Gulf of Mexico?
now playing my hearth will go on while the ship is sinking is the dark humor I like to see hahahahha
22:40 under cover of night
The first time I hear Indonesia(my country) being mentioned in an Internet Historian video and it's because of a ridiculously  underqualified Indonesian helmsman that doesn't even speak English!
i felt like i watched a entire history channel episode before ad time... that was beautiful storytelling. went through the entire thing, that was a entire trip through lands unknown and back home then sailing again... thank you for this bi-yearly injection to my eyeballs.
I'm hungry today... What should I eat?
Linus ship tips was pure gold. I would expect it before your sponsor segway into VPN.
amazing :D
holy hell this has gotta be the longest vid yet. chef kiss, great vid
Aw shit!!! In 46 minutes my life will be empty once again
they made one fatal mistake, they didn't play Gas! Gas! Gas!, that might've helped them drift their ship
annnd this why I will never travel on big ships
21:04 VDRs will work for 2 hours on its internal batteries,  So if the power went out that's why it stopped working.
This is a whole ass movie
This is the only channel where I love watching the ads
My man this is amazing, even the ads are better than most other videos in this site
Seeing the rooms and areas before and after the crash is saddening. Just  seeing all the fun commercials of those areas only fir them to end up as mere shells can make someone think
Still a better love story than twilight.
But what about the magician's assistant in the box?! 🧐
The bewildered decrease unequivocally rescue because sandra advantageously face across a feeble feigned relative. obscene, wretched boy
Spicy
Just so everyone knows, it's not that Dominica C. My friend checked.
Every time this guy uploads a video, he walks away with a W.
Imagine spending a nice Friday night on a cruise, then *this* happens😂.
Loooool linus shiptips😂
No more 45 minute videos? Feels bad.
LTT where you at?
45 MIN VIDS OR RIOTTA
Finally the historian is here once again to bless us with history
Good job on that one!  Next CDPR and CyberF*cked till 2077?
This is a masterpiece
the helmsman is such a legend
really interesting i didnt know we could bassicly blame the crew for everything
Your ads are the best.
Spicy!
Playing my Heart Will Go On on a cruise ship should be against the law
Jacob just pull the *aight imma bout to head out* card.
41:02 btw the name of the book means in english "the Truth submerged"
cant ships reverse?
I wanted to like the film multiple times, though I had already done so at the very beginning.
Finally
I just wanna know why the fuck they allowed him to be the boat captain when he screwed up two times before
Just local televison? I'm sure you meant national.
OH I REMEMBER WHEN IT HAPPENED,i was on a costa cruise year prior the incident! Love from italy,love your content!! (Also yeah TG5's gingle is memey)
Thanks for bringing these otherwise unbelievable stories to life!
Trolololo; WHERE IS FRANCIS?! Nothing of this is reminding Me of anything right now. At 19:00 (panic sets in) I received an Email I have to translate for My Dad. It is from Abrahambrief Company in China and is a scammy Contract.^^ Trololololo
Pls more long vidoes!
When I saw a new Internet Historian video in my feed I was happy. When I saw it was 47 minutes long is was crying of happiness.
The use of the MGS2 tanker music was a great touch.
I remember reading about this in the news but then I must have instantly forgotten about it.
The fucking beyblade part killed me. I seriously wasn’t expecting it. Also I was expecting a joke about the historian being on the cruise ship that has been stuck in sea for like a year because corona.
We really need to execute all rich people, holy shit
Bruh this was a huge deal in the Philippines, since 299 of the crew members of the Condcordia were Filipino. I never really understood this as a kid but now that I do... Man that captain's a bunch of awful words I can think of right now.
U$$ 570 millions to build and 01 moron to ruin it all.
I'm fine with 1 45 min video rather than 3 15 min videos
as greatly detailed these long ones are, its just too long between releases and too long content. hard for my friends and I to make the time in one sitting lol.  Besides the adventures of NORD vpn are a great highlight!
He got a plea, ran away, and then went into hiding? :o
I love IH.  Tumbr/4chan wars, Furries, Shia Lebeouf, Dub the Dew and now, horrendous tragedy, the inevitable next step.
Kind of sad about no more long videos because I find them more entertaining, but glad we are getting more content.
Wow it is soo good. I dont know words how to say that it is god tier video.
No more 45 min videos?? FEELSBADMAN
Some halo vibes somewhere in the video XD
Ah man... This is just some A grade Incompetence
I wish this is how I was taught history in school
Well fudge. Now I need to know what those other channels are. Mr.Historian can you just tell me please?
"who steels a big ass bell" Cleary you don't know  scuba divers if i saw a big fancy bell on a dive I'd take it
Thank God the Titanic movie was created for this Historian moment!
Welcome back to the legend!
This masterpiece of art work will make me cry of laughter for many years
love the little bay blade with the helicopter bit, thank you
I did an assignment on the costa Concordia last term. Why, why could you post this video sooner so I could make the teacher play it in class
It’s a true shame the company manage to not face criminal charges.
I can't believe you got ACTUAL footage from inside the ship during the collision,  very impressive.
where are the other channels... WHERE
Linus Ship Tips got me
I was just asking myself earlier tonight at work, "I wonder if Historian has a new video yet?"
That Linus Shiptips intro at 43:53 made me choke on my bagel
35:00 Skullgirl Bgm? Internet Historian is really out here trying to steal my heart
This is one of the best channels on YouTube it should have 10x the subs it has.
Linus ship tips had me laughing out loud
The great narrator of humanity returns at last.... and it was worth the wait :)
But also now I wanna know where those secret channels are!
Hey hey hey, the historian brought us a gift!
So... you fellas know the other channels? I know the twitch clips one and incognito, feel like I’m forgetting one though
This video is great
This shouldn’t be free to watch. Amazing work.
Ah yes, I've seen plenty of videos about the Costa Concordia. Its nice to have one in the " Internet Historian™ style"
I believe that a lot of blame should also be put on Costa Cruises for their hiring practices. How do you end up with a crew that cannot communicate effectively nor is qualified enough to be trusted with such a big vessel.  As much as the captain was a tool, he shouldn't be the sole culprit in this situation
I appreciate the hollow Knight music. A true man of culture.
Gdi the LTT edit cracked me up
Oh boy, this is gonna e good
Worth the wait. Goddamn you’re a prodigy
Was NOT expecting hollow knight music at 19:00.  That made me panic more just from PTSD from those fights
I found some ... "secret"... channels, for those that are interested   Internet Historian: Live Internet Historian: Greenscreens  and potentially this one but I feel like it wont be one: Internet Herstorian
Internet Historian [Handshake] Well There's Your Problem  Dumb cruise ships
I swear theres always a prominent Costa Concordia documentary that is produced annuay that i randomly stumble upon and enjoy
when the add ist the best part of the video
The Hudson River, two years ago...
Wow, the legend is alive!
Domnica Cemortan: NOOO YOU CAN'T RECORD HERE BECAUSE IT WILL PROVIDE INCRIMINATING EVIDENCE FOR THE COURTS NOOOOOOO--- Random passenger: haha camera go brrr
The return of the king.
Was not expecting Halo music. Very good selection.
Guys, we need to insure IH's immortality. This is better than most TV shows and movies, and we CANNOT lose this precious gem of a man to the void.
It’s time our holy one has blessed us with a video of godly preportion once again
**he's wrong again, the ship's stability is in danger
Okay lets see how this goes
I need more videos 😭😭😭
Please tell the other hidden channels i wanna watch em
*L I G H T  W O O D  L A M I N A T E*
I keep having to pause the video because I can't remember where the music at 12:48 is from, and it's driving me mad!  Edit: Found it! It's the first Medusa boss fight from Kid Icarus: Uprising.
All of a sudden I want to buy Nord VPN and RAID shadow legends
Why are you selling this Scam?!
more longer videos, i dont want a short video
"Linus ShipTips" LMAO
21:39  Lady: "Who said you are allow"  Guy who's named allow: "Me"
peep the gt6 music
Guess you could say it wasn’t ship shape
God damn it, I know you said no more 45 min vids, but this was amazing. I laughed, I cried, good job m8
Been a minute
Please stop making such high quality content. I would rather see you pump and dump videos everyday!
Who is searching for jojo part 5 and Mathias Torres references in the comments?
Given the choice of any one peice of loot, I would take the bell.
OMG those linus ship tips + the endcut with the bell
that helmsman is legendary lol
This can’t possibly be the largest cruise ship disaster since titanic. Google M/S Estonia
This almost felt like going to the theater which is especially nice since the movie theatres are still closed
I'm Italian and I approve this video (I'm even from Civitavecchia, the city at the start of the video)
Not going to lie I pissed my pants at the linus ship tips bit
HAHAHAHA USING MGS2 TANKER MUSIC WAS GENIUS!!
*ship crashes*  oH nO how could we evEr haVe predicTeD tHiS
Chernobyl next
Hmm
noir vpn
Why would you do that to a perfectly good bowl of spaghetti  Why  Shame on you    Good vid btw
"Since the Titanic". Wait a moment. MS Estonia sunk on the Baltic in 1994 and had over 850 people dead.
How dare you make me laugh so much watching such a tragic story!
Do game stonk
Amazing Simpson's reference - Mr.Plow
2021 is starting off well
22:47 this is one of the BEST HALO SONGS. EXCELLENT CHOICE
God I love your videos man
You should cover the MS Estonia next
Amazing vid
This has got to be one of the most entertaining and informative videos ever produced on the Internet Historian channel to date. Keep up the great work.
You can't convince me that Dominica isn't pyrocynical
The most awaiting videos on youtube.
bruh i was born on a friday the 13th in January lmao
This one was pretty interesting. Glad to see you back.
"Complacency About Procedure" Ah yes, the national motto of Italy.
What happened to the girl in the box!?
The captain looks like a chubby Todd Howard
2:14 Whatculture has ruined that song for me.
Linus ship tips 😳
Cruiseships an industry that should end as fast as possible. Trust me i have seen things like this every day.
This man deserves the big screen
Cyberpunk 2077 video when?
Me, having watched BSF's video on the Costa: "Yeah, this a very bad wreck, but how could it seem any worse under IH's coverage?"  Also me, only 3 minutes and 56 seconds in: *"Mother of god, how did this ship even leave port?!"*
why do i feel weirdly proud to be indonesian
This is POV content
Nice payday music. Hope you paid them :)
19:20 The music on the background is from Hornet from Hollow Knight. I see that you too are a man of culture mr Internet Historian.
Wow I was rewatching all your videos last night cause there wasn't anything new, think of the devil and he shall appear
i thought this was a point n click game... i kept losing
Anyone else reminded of Zapp Brannigan?
Internet historian makes the most rewatchable videos and are so funny
That halo theme was soo on point.
But what became of the magicians assistant that was in the saw box??!?
43:50 didn't know about another linus's channel
I love the sim heads
You know it's a great video when even Ads are masterpieces
The ubiquitous epoch proximally poke because foxglove neuroanatomically prefer barring a ugliest chemistry. smoggy, flashy chronometer
Please keep doing 45 minute episodes when it's needed for topics that might require the added info, please.
Real tradegy of deception and incompetence. It's a shame because this accident should have been  avoidable and should have not cost any lives.
Someone has been playing too much sims 4
22:38 Halo CE music, nice
The only in video ads that I do not skip
Bruh.
As an italian this is pretty surprising to me, i never would have expected to see this lmao
Amazing video, as always
Chef Kiss. Beautiful
The most beautiful thing about this story is how the passengers know the captain and crew are just spewing BS and just stop listening to them.
great video
gj!
So....who know the other secret channel???
liked the LTT parody...
The Legend has returned
More videos is music to my ears, cannot get enough!
No matter how much of a fuck up you are, at least your not Captain Kirk's younger, less experienced, not as good looking, and generally way dumber adopted brother.
DO A BARREL ROLL!
Reported for inaccuracies, lacks amounts of pasta 👆🏻
Fantastic Video! Hopefully youll just split the 45 min vids into three parts!
The captain looks like Marcin Iwiński.
When you Costa the Concordia a bit too hard.
Moment of silence for Russel Rebello a true hero
Iam having exam in a few minutes and this just shows up... hopefully this is a good sign cause I am watching the hell out of it after...
This is probably the most notorious incident in Italy, it was covered every single day for like 3 years on any news station and everytime some crazy detail came up. Pretty much everybody gets Vietnam's flashbacks when you name Schettino here
Bless the heavens!!! He returns
why the fuck would you hire someone that dosent even know what left or right is when driving a boat
Funny, I was just in the mood for some top-tier quality content!
i can relate to the korean couple on spiritual level
This may be legit Internet Historian crowning achievement simply a masterpiece. Hello, Sundance? Yes I'll hold.
I'm loving how all the background characters are sims lmaoo
car seat headrest
hey there Joe!
43:51 Linus has another channel? Jesus, someone should stop him.
god damn it you did it again, I'm late for everything but it was worth it
*Titanic 2 : Electric Boogaloo*
The music you use for these vids is great
oh man, pretty good coverage. also very interesting to see how many security nets a boat has in terms of other people
@Internet Historian, typo at 4:03, text reads, “He essentially came up the the idea.” Not good enough mate.
32 deaths and he only gets 16 years?  Wow Italy.
Really pushing the 10 minute mark here, absolutely disgusting
No one expected this....
ECCELLENZA ITALICA
Wait, this isnt a Sundance reject? It's an actual event? What?!?! These events are so unbelievable
I like all the ship exploding memes
Hello
This kinda plays out like Korea's "The sinking of Sewol" that happened around 7 years ago. How do people this incompetent become captain in charge of hundreds of lives?  Fyi, the captain of Sewol instructed everyone to stay in their rooms and do not leave, while he and other crew members escaped on their own, leading to 300+ deaths, most of them high school students going on a graduation trip.
I for one am appalled at the disregard show for Martins great Houdini impression....
She's screaminig "where are the bins in this country, that means this is normal ",while the police are trying to calm her down  the sign said  "say no to rape".  Moldova is a small country bordering Romania, it used to be part of it but got Russia'd. One of of her comments on Instagram says get out of there quickly and the one with a lot of emoji says "you are beautiful and you look great" (a bit redundant). She was a bit of a meme back in Romania since at the time we had a president ex ship captain
Only Internet Historian could make me interested in a video about a boat
You sir are an absolute legend. I love your content and the Linus Tech Tips spoof had me rolling!
I died after you said "I have a good feeling about this" after describing the captains record.
I died at the Pubg mobile reference
You guys probably don't know but there was a soccer team that rented the boat before the accident, the word is that the boat tried to kill itself after. The team name is Corinthians and they are know to kill seals and innocent animals just cause they are the representation of all evil
Sad, that he didn't talk about the Berlin Graffiti Crew 1UP
The engine room technician is a chad. Imagine how tough that must have been to do, keeping it all running in spite of gross incompetence everywhere else.
2:11 This is why we were waiting this long? Lip syncing?         worth it
Lmao xD
Someone give this man a Netflix documentary series. It won’t even cost a dime.
My name is Jeff
The bottle of olive oil was a nice touch.
I had a good laugh at the ship sailing under a ladder, thanks lol.
17:38 bing bi bi bing bing bing boooong
I am a romanian and the scenes with Dominica Cemortan are so funny
The editing that went into this is unbelievable. Internet Historian really trying to dethrone Bill Wurtz over here.
Big ship go bonk
old story, good animation
Internet Historian is the greatest youtuber of all time prove me wrong spoiler alert: you can't.
PLEASE DON'T PUT TEXT, ESPECIALLY NOT VERY FINE TEXT,  IN THE VERY TOP / BOTTOM / CORNER OF THE SCREEN IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO READ IF THE YOUTUBE PLAYER OVERLAY IS ACTIVE AND REQUIRES PAUSING THE VIDEO, WHICH BREAKS FLOW
There was a bald man in this video. ;)
Schettino even wen to a conference for "how to manage the panic" at the Sapienza University, Rome... No wonder we are a joke in front the world and honestly we deserve it. The  Linus Ship Tips killed me, never laugh like that in a long time, BRAVO!
I could even watch a 40 min ad and I won't even know that it was an ad till the end. That's how good I.H is with his ads
this is so well made
Halo music was a great choice.
Amazing video as always.
DUDE Im italian and we were hammered with informations and news of all sort about the Costa Concordia, but DAMN none of those were as clear and entertaining as yours.
bullshit, captain can't have this iphone in 2012, this all lies
Kid: "Meneer mag ik misschien naar de wc?" Man: "mumble mumble" Kid: "Oke!"
The amount of research you do holy shit I wish I was that dedicated
these videos are the bottles of 30 year scotch you intended to hide in your lighthouse for special occasions but you open early and say "I was going to open this on a very special day, but I guess today's the day."
Godda love the Halo Soundtrack at 22:39
first stede bonnet and now this, you must be in need for a sail
You do not know how happy you have made me!!!!!!!
I love that you put halo music in this
Whats the song in 21:30?
Gotta love the Halo music
I can't express just how sexy your accent and tone of your voice are! I would absolutely love to listen to you narrate audio books and podcasts. Your comedic timing and sense of humour are perfection!
I remember being in middle school when it happened and the thing was instantly meme'd
Spicy
another helluvan ad read, outstanding
In Italy this incident has been a meme for so long it has become part of everyday culture
ADBLOCKER STAYS OFF FOR THE INTERNET HISTORIAN
He's back
5 minutes in and can't imagine what could go wrong.
Holy Frick, my brethren just yeeted from that ship's whole yada yada and is never found again.
25:20 Internet Historian is How to Basic
Internet Historian is the V-Tuber we deserve. Change my mind.
45 min =good  10-15 = good
You say no 45 minute videos, but honestly I love the content <3
was expecting a video about cyberpunk ngl, seems right up his alley
This just might be your magnum opus
That Ronai Arc tho👌
What happened to woman in the magicians act?
10m videos = bad 45m videos = good
Can't wait for the Gamestop video...  IH goes brrr.
Give this man a budget and he can make a movie that even surpasses titanic
I have been rewarded for my patience by the lord and savoir of shit posting, Internet Historian. Hallowed be thy name.  Ah yes, a classic recipe for disaster. Company spend all the budget on the ship, that they cheap out on the crew. And of course the company gets off scot free. Where is my karmic justice?
8:37, GTA 3 trailer vibes
How is any of this real?
A new video? And on an italian disaster at that? Must be Christmas.
Hornet theme.
3:16 why is that so damn funny
43:52 You've just started something that could become great meme material
Did this man really ruin a good looking pot of spaghetti for a deets meme lmao
the Italian comment at 31:50 "stay away from cockpits, for fuck's sake !"
when i read it as corona ....
He should have directed titanic
some history. shocking, really.
Finally 😍😍
as soon as I saw the map and route and recognized this incident, I knew this video was about to bang as hard as a cruise liner against some large rocks.
Holy shit I knew I recognized hollow knight music
me, an italian: sees a documentary about Costa Concordia still me: sweats profusely
pretty great way to end the day, but the second he started playing the menu track from skullgirls, I was complete
Holy shit 46 minutes. I need to go to sleep
These get better and better every time. So entertaining and unbelievablly funny. Perfect meme usage everytime for 50 minutes, unbelievable
Wait ... why did the vcrew get punished?
The finishing advertisement on the video was on Heinz tomato frito pasta sauce. This can't be a coincidence.
Man, as much as this masterpiece film made me laugh the captain disgusted me quite an amount
halo music is a nice touch
Cemortan being blamed for distracting the captain always made me roll my eyes. Oh no, a woman too sexy that man becomes distracted.  The captain is basically not qualified to be in charge in the first place. All the decision leading up to the crash, it's not like she's fucking the captain as the ship hit the rocks. She's there  because the man is out right flaunting his mistress in front of the crew. Not absolving her of any responsibility for her actions, I just think it's ridiculous a long chain of professional failures of the crew can somehow entertain to shift the blame on one woman who's just there.
Internet Historian uploads a video and all of YouTube comes together to watch and enjoy it
Finally
should we make fun of tragic occurences? or is there a number of deaths after which it can become funny? because I doubt you would do this with any of the ferry disasters or the Titanic...
Linus Shiptips, FUCKING BRILLIANT!
Hey he found the password
lmao why is there a shopping mall from singapore  at 25:40 HAHAHAAHHAAH
Internet historian ads, the kind of ad you just can't get yourself to skip.
glad youtube finally let you reset your password
That ending was gold
love all the halo music
Yea I really liked that 10/10..okay well see yall next year
Anyone found his other secret channels?
It sounds like payday 2 soundtrack kicking in
25:16 _There_ _they_ _are_  *THE* *D* *E* *E* *T* *S*
How come they didn't just make another ship if it cost about half a billion to make? Fishing it out of the sea was twice that cost.
is it Hornet (Christopher Larkin)? Sealed vessel would be more on point, hehe
Can't wait for mh370 next!
Finally, I love when he does these story telling type videos
15:26 *excellent* use of the MGS2 _Tanker_ alert music.
Man’s thought it was war thunder naval where your ship could go from 85% submerged while on fire to not sinking lmao.
The number one thing I’m taking from this is that Hungary has no laws against insurance fraud. Like what the fuck?
I'm italian, and never, NEVER in my life i would have tought that i would've listened to Internet Historian humming the Tg 5 music intro at 17:37. I'm very happy to be alive
Literally noone is sad that the cruise industry is dead or dying
Weird, I just saw a different video on this
Best Titanic sequel ever.
*GAMESTOP YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD*
F for 45 minute videos. You do you though.
VADDA BORDO, CAZZO. So much drama, I love Italy.
this boat really costa wholelotta!
Can we take a moment to salute to Russel he die as a hero and deserve recognition
Cruise ship education is dirt cheap in Indonesia. They even lie about their students' competence by bribing.
"No more 45 minute videos" But those are the ones I like the most! Vada video cazzo!
Oregon has no laws against insurance fraud. Or at least, not attempted insurance fraud. You only get prosecuted if you succeed, but if you succeed then clearly the insurance company believed your story. People try the most insane and impossible stories all the time and get away completely free or with at most a cancelled policy.
Dude, you are epic!!!
I'll miss your long videos. Plz do one once in a while
The menu music from Skullgirls? My man...
Fun fact: Each oceangoing cruise ship is required to carry body bags and maintain a morgue.
I cannot comprehend how Schettino has been ever repeatedly allowed to pools of water deeper than a toy sink (no pun intended)
Internet Historian and Bill Wurtz make the highest quality content on here by a mile
My anxiety is through the roof and I am not even halfway done with the video.
Oh hey he found the password to his main channel
Truly, the Herodotus of our Age.
So this happened all because the captain wanted to do a drive-by honk? ....why? Why do people want this?
It's always a treat when Internet Historian puts out a new video, really made my morning more bearable!
That little "The Deets" segment was fucking brilliant.
The only channel where i watch the ads
Love every little after-effect, but I cracked up at the acronym infochart at 13:55.
Literally the best adds on YouTube
I remember when I died with my psychological brain and then died a second time.
Nice video! Not gonna lie, i personally prefer 40 minute videos but i respect your decision.
Can't believe this was 2012. Feels like I saw it on the news just a couple years ago
I noticed that holow knight music to tell you the truth it really thited the ship after it senk looked like a dead kingdom
Just came back because I remembered I forgot to like the video..
Get this man his Netflix show already!!
24:20 Bioshock.png
How does this dude get laid so often?
You may have a future in advertising
Also, going faster helps you turn, not hinder.
Hilarious! And informative! Even the ad was completely enjoyable!
WE NEED MORE LINUS SHIP TIPS!
Coolest deputy mayor I've ever heard
22:54 Nice, Under Cover of Night hard to believe it's a 2001 song now. 35:50 Splinter Cell Chaos Theory when you are discovered music?
The captain's name sounds very much like "bastard" in Russian ("skotina"). Not wrong.
Jesus Christ that was exciting! I love your content and it's always an absolute event when you post.
You are an artist sir. Phenomenal
Every time you upload it’s a blessing
Higher quality than a Netflix documentary.
So let me get this straight, there was casinos involved. Military men who became politicians and the captain ran off unexplainably. I'm calling bs now. The whole thing was a heist.
excellent work my Kiwi? Breather
If this story was a movie it would be almost too ridiculous to believe. Life is truly stranger than fiction.
Music at 7:42
lmao the Hollow Knight : Hornet music caught me off guard
I can't wait for the one on gamestop
I love you.
I thought this was gonna be about crappy universities. Even better, it's about a crappy boat.
I like my boats like I like my whiskey:  ON THE ROCKS
Another god tier editing another masterpiece to add the Internet Historian Cinematic Universe.
PogU
The only YouTuber, the ads of which I cannot skip.
For the record, being a painter is no bar to being a helmsman. It is literally the easiest lowest job on earth.
44:07 you missed the opportunity to use Tonald's 1   point     2         BIIIIILLLLIIIIOOON dollars, here.
21:35 the Captains side-piece trying to prevent people filming the ship he sank; unbelievable.
Today I learned that it is common practice for big ass ships to be douche-bags to the coastal areas. Is it possible to make these salutes an internationally criminal offense?  Also to paraphrase the late great George Carlin, "who made this man a captain? Was there some form of armed forces swearing in ceremony that I missed? The man was a fucking (boat)pilot and he should be happy with that." And another thing, the company itself got off way too easy.
When you started playing Halo music I was sold
You're research is incredible! I pray to GOD you're working on a CP2077 video.
35:19 nice asmondgold cameo
I wasn't ready for the HD historian face with perfect lip synching 2:10
"is it still flooded" No the water disappeared everything is alright
tragico
This guys insurance company must have been PISSED. What's the excess payment on $600 million?
Please make more content your videos are gold
Thanks for making a documentary on Italy's greatest meme
These videos will be studied one day
wow a new video :)
30:43 is this joe Biden sister lol
I don't belive my eyes
God I've missed chu❣️ uwu
So surely gme is next
Holy shit internet historian uploading on my birthday love to see it
The video took so long to make because he had to make all the sim faces
The problem is they had no Eighthmaster.
Ok so I was consistently laughing but... The bayblade shit made me loose it and I don't know why, fuck dude your funny
31:50 "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità" "Leave the captain's deck alone, for fuck sake"
22:08. Having listened to the full radio exchange, I can sufficiently say this exchange is one of my favourites. Coast Guard operator was having none of the captain's bullshit at all!
Wha, no 45 minutes videos anymore? But but but, how you gonna squeeze the tragedy of Cyperpunk into a 15 minutes video? Even 45 minutes will be too short.
Why does Historian always do a story on a subject where I JUST watched a documentary on the event... like a Memy echo/
LINUS SHIPTIPS    Holy shit that is gold.
Every IH upload is a holiday <3
Hollow Knight OST - Hornet 19:08. May be it will help, i see music list is not full yet
halo music yay
Loving the payday 2 music!
I will watch that at ×0.5 speed to make it last longer. NARRATOR: as have said countless other commenters before him.
I absolutely love this!
Poggg
31:49 🙀
The way you pronounced Zsolt's name was funny.
19:30 Hollow knight =D
The worst part of this was that Hungary has no insurance laws that’s a war crime.
omagad omagad omagad, finally!!!
2nd video with skullgirls OST playing in the background? niiiiiice
Our boy is replacing Seconds from Disaster. Good on ya mate
Moldova is a Eastern European country sandwiched between the Danube river (their border with Romania) and Ukraine. It’s just north of the Black Sea although it does not have a coastline. You said “you tell me”
Captain "Not great, not terrible."
Whatever I was doing, it can wait   That titanic intro 🤣
$570 million? The new Titanic II is gonna cost $500 mil.
For what is worth, I dont mind the long videos. Enjoy the details and accuracy. I've seen several videos on this and yet you always bring something new and interesting to the table.
I'd actually like to see a full-lenght movie of the NordVPN detective noir part, it's better than most movies that came out in 2020.
32 dead, 5 jailed, millions amused.
: D just 4 minutes in video and it just scares me how incompetent people are...wondering if shareholder did not care who is in charge...
grazie, internet historian
Meanwhile, the lady inside the box, “Let me out, let me out, let me out” was trapped and terrified. This sent me.
Wait what happened to the women in the box? The magicians act of sawing the woman in half.
The spaghetti deets joke was terrible thank you
Internet Historian singing the opening of TG5 is everything I needed for the day
Halo ost pog
So before I Finnish this video I’m guessing it’s fyre fest on a boat
That hungarian name pronunciation was something else
I'm from Italy and i'm so glad that my favorite content creator decided to talk about the concordia this story really deserved some serious covering Thanks ♥️
This is a lesson the second I go to sleep this happens that's it no more sleep.
This was amazing, great storytelling watched it start to finish 10/10
You bookended your ad with ads.  I'm impressed.
Am I the only one disturbed by the accurate lip sync when he said "I've got a good feeling about this"?
Its christmas
the👏3rd👏officer👏did👏not👏relay👏coordinates👏every👏time👏the👏captain👏gave👏new👏directional👏orders. THAT WAS HER ONE JOB ON THE SHIP.👩‍✈️🤦‍♂️
Your editing skills are godlike.
Linus Ship Tips. Fantastic!
LINUS SHIP TIPS
are those cursed dates true? wth
The captain looks like papa john and todd howard in one dude
babe wake up, new internet historian video
Whenever you feel bad, there's always someone in history who has failed much, MUCH worse than you ever can
Damn halo legends score now thats a pog moment
Internet Historian, the only YouTuber worthy of the Bell Icon.
i want some war stories next
This is why I won't get on a ship. Also, I'm African so boats are generally out of the question
"SHE WAS CURSED!!!"  "OH MA GWAD!" 😂😂😂
Costa Concordia, more like Costa Mucho! 💰
Amazing how much work you put in to this!
I cannot get over the incredible sound design on the bell going into the water, absolute perfect.
Wow this is better researched than most dedicated investigation channels. More stuff like this please!
the halo music!
It's been 9 years, though.
Linus ship tips
damn this was a shipwreck
31:02 To be fair, there are a lot of things going on in Moldova that need protesting.
The halo 3 soundtrack oml
I await your cyberpunk video Mr Internet of the historians
I love this content. I rush to the phone when i see internet historian
31:47 ..... I don’t think I’ve ever actually laughed out loud on a YouTube video this hard in my life.
That halo music hits different 🙏
I love how this channel doesnt Cyberpunk 2077 the shit out of their videos by only releasing when its good and ready
single greatest content creator on YouTube hands down
16 years for killing a bunch of people? Uhhh okayy?
True Italian pride
Wish I could laugh. But that poor bloke gave his life. It's saddening and infuriating.
THE DEETS
I'm disappointed that in no point in the video there was a screenshot from a porn with Donna Bell on a ship. This meme was ever present when ship sank.
It took 5 months for this to upload this video
oh i see, the in case of emergency list what happens in the future
Omg an upload from the Historian, time to bring out the whiskey and snacks
At 31:50, the first comment on the picture says (in Italian): "Please, leave cockpits alone!"
See you guys in October
I remember this being on the news
The Halo music is giving this such a weird vibe and I love it
Wtf I was just thinking about when this happened
Incroyable
I love the Halo music's inclusion in the video.
22:50 Jesus just imagine the potency of angry hand gestures flailing about in that cabin at that time.
I've visited Giglio in 2013 or so because I was in the area anyways. Its a beautiful town. But it was super surreal to enjoy great food in a nice Restaurant in the coast and only a few hundred meters behind you is this ship thats actually larger than the town itself.
Yess an internet historian video about my boring country!!
"A fifty-three meter gash..."   Nice.
Looks like half of Italy is in the comment section
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!
Did the girl that was locked in the box on stage get off the ship???
That ship looks like something you'd find in a Fallout game but it only took 3 years to get that way
this is odd topic... everyone forgot about this crap
Ah, italy.
I have watched countless videos on the Costa Concordia and I gotta say I am HYPED for internet historian
when I hear costa concordia, I can only think about car seat headrest's song
Fantastic video. I only remembered some of the bizarre memes from this incident and forgot so many people actually died. More people should've gone to prison for this, including the ones who hired the clowns in charge of the ship
I knew about this story from this other channel that does shipwrecks. But man I watched every single second of this video for the memes.
Waiting 5 months feels a small price to pay for such quality content. THANK YOU IH!
The helmsman supposed to be Rusli bin Jacob or Jacob bin Rusli. Bin is similar to ibn in arabic, meaning 'the son of'
Cptn: Is water coming in? "Yes there's water" Cptn: But where? "The engine room" Cptn: Butuhh... a lot of water? ..... ..... *"YES!!!"*
Our savior has returned
26:03 you missed the chance to put the fallout 76 liquor bottle here
You madlad,you did it. As italian, I must say that you've told the story better than italian journalists. Also, your italian was almost good! Keep it up, bacioni <3
Excellent soundtrack choice. PAYDAY, Hollow Knight...
As a Hungarian I believe Zsolt had too much pálinka, not too many drugs the night before
story of crappy captain and crappy crewman honestly if the crewman did not fuck up even with crappy captain it would not happen especially the cordinate person and lmao jacob(but the mistake is the one who hire him in first place)
^funny story a neighbor of mine was on there
Usually his videos make me laugh, this one pisses me off.
27:19 How did you read my mind?
i've been waiting so long for this
"When the world needed him most, he have returned  with a masterpiece."                - Albert Einstein
I have explored all of No Mans Sky since you last uploaded
Finally some good f**king food
How much do you make from these bro? Its gotta be a lot.
for anyone intrested . The "crash" mentioned here of the Costa Atlantica in Warnemünde was CAUSED by the Costa Atlantice , she was not directly involved. The captain was way too fast ( 6,7 - 6,9 Knots) inside the harbour, causeing damage to another ship at the docks.
What happened to the assistant in the box!
Make one of these on the 2020 election
These are my favorite videos
I really wish I could've gone on there and looted it :O bet some people did
I have to say, I do prefer long format than short one. Even if it makes longer to wait between the videos. In my opinion, we have incognito mode for the shortest one.
Can't believe they did not use radar to check distance from shore...
Sometimes I forget this is just some passionate dude on YouTube and that I’m able to watch this masterpiece for free. These are so well made
Just a week ago I binge watched all of internet historian videos (main and second channel). This is a godsend
8:44 - slowmo of pizza, Spaghetti and olive oil flying aroung  dude you're a fuckin asshole aHahahaha :D xD
Woah wait... the ship that plowed  through that seaside town had the same captain????
well i dont feel that bad over the fuck up i did at work last week, thank you drastically incompetent italian captain
Waiting for the documentary on gamestop stonks
I've always thought that this would be a great video idea, and I was right
So here's the scheme: Tell everyone you lost your password to your main account. oh no, how are we going to see top quality memeage the sheeps will all bleet. Well I've got another channel, I can release videos on there. So there they flock, subscribing, hoping not to miss a single video. Yet to their surprise the other channel is filled with low rate garbage strapped together with some other unfunny cunts. But here's the thing, now you have double the subscribers. double the subscribers - double the view time. bingo. now after a reasonable hiatus, start releasing contents back on the main channel. job done.
Well I mean the Estonia was a bigger accident than this. Since you said this was the biggest since the Titanic.
i dropped a like for the deets
31:42 was hilarious
Captain: "325, 315, 330, 350, ..."  Me: "Let's go all-in: 420!"
If I'm honest I'd rather have more of these 45 min videos
Oh my god finally a new video!
As a French, it's always comforting to be recalled that there is one neighbour country which is more corrupted than mine. Grazie mille!
And still _the_ lasting comi-tragic aspect of this disaster and it’s causes was how stereotypically _Italian_ it all was...
I always feel so proud when I'm able to recognize a song used in the background
Nord-noir
The amount of different movie genre's in this video is insane😂
A COUPLE of secret channels? I only know about storymode. Provide me with the rest lads!
Can't believe it took me that long to realize one of the South Korean couple was the father from Parasite.
Holy shit that Linus ShipTips intro parody (43:50) had me dying! 😂😂  Great video as always, I was checking your channel almost daily for this upload and man was it worth the wait. Masterpiece!
*MAMA MIA*
He is back and it is glorious! Btw i live on a city called Concordia so you know what passed in my mind when i read the title.
the more you think about it, the more internet historian unironically become a historian himself
Linus Ship Tips broke me.
Weather
That linus ship tips made me chuckle
I actually liked those 45 min Videos
That was a extremely well done video. The sheer level of denial on the Captain is almost impressive. What compels some people to lie about things that can be easily disproved almost immediately.
The whole story was such a fucking shitshow. Good job though, your research is e rally spot on
Never known much about this incident. From what I'm getting, it's essentially Titanic, but stupider.
36:08 among us
Also do the Oceanos and the song it inspired, Internet Historian!
Holy shit this is not a warning ⚠️⚠️⚠️ New internet historian vid really dropped‼️❕
Can anyone tell me if they find the secret channels? I'm too lazy to look on reddit
Lol the helmsman who ran away.
I wonder if like navy ships ever crash or if they are just so beefy they can’t be destroyed from a crash.
It’s a shame we won’t see more 45-min deep dives like this one. I totally understand that YouTube as a platform really prefers the shorter 10-15 min videos, but your longer vids are truly fantastic. The No Man’s Sky and Fallout 76 videos are some of the best videos on YouTube that cover those games.
The fact that he didn't get life in prison!
This is top quality stuff.
@Internet Historian could you do something like this for MV Sewol of Korea? It was just like Concordia but even worse because the captain abandoned his ship in his underwear and most of the casualties were from students who listened to the captains order to stay on board despite the sinking ship
SKULLGIRLS SOUNDTRACK LETS GO
Im 2 minutes in why the fuck is the FF7 victory fanfare playing
Best birthday present so far this year. thanks internet daddy
38:00 *activate windows*
Secret channels? Huh?
The payday 2 soundtrack fits in almost any dramatic situation.
I have never laughed so hard in my life, much less at the same joke 11 times (boat go booom, hehexd).
best... ad ...ever
here before 1 million views
A billion dollars to unsink a billion dollar ship, damn.
Man i think i know that service guy who died...
my man made spaghetti just for this video
Your videos are the absolute pinnacle of youtube hilariousness
Cool
"is an electrical problem" "There's a massive noise and now the ship is tilting"  Ah it'll be fine. It's just the artificial gravity malfunctioning.
Amazing. Thank you Good sir. Thank you.
ahhh Tales from DaCosta
As someone who routinely drives BIG ships.. You got all of the terminology and usage correct and I absolutely love that.
Oh you want your money back? What part of the Titanic experience are you not happy with?
This is a like a crossover episode between my two favourite things
Captain: "is the water still wet?"
nice vid
not enough pasta jokes...DISLIKE!
31:45, on Domnica's Instagram Post: "Lascia perdere le cabine di pilotaggio per carità!"  Which translated means, more or less: "For the love of God, leave cockpits alone!"  Dunno if there's a better English equivalent of 'per carita'.
Your editing style is so fucking enthralling it’s amazing how you can keep my attention on the topic for the entire video because that’s not as common anymore on this website
Internet Historian: the best way to start your morning.
Bruh.
This is so intense.
magnificent editing! this is some gourmet shit
The Linus Tech Tips parody gets this video a like.
9:05 "ed time" There really was an ad.  :0
By the way the captain got a 16 year sentence because he crashed a ship, manslaughter and abandoned his passengers. Realistically he should’ve gotten 5 years for crashing the ship.  Because he couldn’t have been 100% at fault but he could’ve been sued
Wait, this is just LEMMiNO with extra memes
pretty crazy this all happened on the internet
this is better than seconds from disaster
I did a double-take when Linus Ship Tips came up unexpectedly :-)
fantastic job, still story is realy disturbing what with the girl in a box?
"The costa concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic"  By what metric? The size of the ship? Because the sinking of M/S Estonia in 1994 had 852 casualties
The intro sounds like something I would have legitimately written for GCSE English
Jacob Rusli Bin is the master of stealth. even Internet Historian can't find his picture after asked it on Twitter months ago  He just vanished
Stede was a far better captain.
Oh god the LTT intro
My goodness
Imagine what was going through the captains mind while he sat on those rocks watching his handiwork. There are only a handful of truly large fuck ups possible and sinking an entire cruise ship is one of them.
19:45 I hear that hornets theme you have great taste in games IH  the theme is from hollow knight btw
What is more expensive: hiring experienced people or hiring  inexperienced people?  Corporate logic: When it works we save money. When something bad happens we have enough of it to avoid any responsibility for our mismanagment of the company  That's why I don't trust nuclear power. Oil companies constantly cause environmental disasters bc they want to cut corners and they know they won't be truly persecuted for their actions. You think communism was bad at managing nuclear plants? Think about Shell being in control of one of them
Finally dr Harold is back, it’s been a while
I don't know man, when you upload a 40 minute video, it's a fucking EVENT, like me and my friends get snacks and popcorn and watch it on the big screen. I'd hate to see that change, but I understand if it's significantly easier to make shorter videos.
I swear to god this man is the ultimate insulting stereotype of an Italian man lol
New video? A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
43:43
"There are a couple of secret channels that I'm not telling you about" hah! I've already seen the two vlogs you imp! I have seen the matrix!
nice
Honey wake up, Internet Historian just posted.
oh my god can you imagine being in a giant blacked out ship, then feeling water slowly rise beneath your feet. I'd die before I was waist deep
Proof that Internet Historian is actually James Cameron.
The man is back
Im just waiting for the day the historian covers the downfall of katherine kennedy
Still no Cyberpunk 2077 video. I'm disappointed
Okay thanks, see you next year
this asshole better have weekly uploads coming next
The Halo OST fits surprisingly well. Edit Linus ShipTips ended me
2:24 Woooooooow look at his hands go. Details, details.
Yup, this is yet another thing to make me ashamed to be an Italian
The American people are tired of women
If someone put in half the effort into ads as this guy I'd be sitting here all day watching Nord-VPN detective show reruns
Bright Sun Films made a video on this already, about 3 years ago.
I know it's totally random, but what's the game at 45:07?
I hope you'll be working on cyberpunk next <3
This is basically the 5th episode of HBO's Chernobyl.   *Captain: Press AZ-5! Second captain: Pressing AZ-6!*
Dude the day after  Sseth upload no less. Its a good week so far
That PAYDAY music hits different!
Funny thing is my High School's original bell Also got stolen. Why and how, we don't know but I just like some drunk people rolled in and hauled the bell away.
"Costa concordia was the largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic". I don't think this is quite right or I'm understanding something wrong, for example when M/S Estonia sunk in 1994, 852 people died
"oh god not again"  absolutely died
I just watched "Don't F*ck with Cats" on Netflix and when I heard the name Magnotta I immediately became very vigilant
If this would’ve happened out in the sea or in worse weather, the death count would’ve been horrifying, holy shit
So is this an admittance that you stole the bell 🤔
570 million. Imagine how much homeless that could've helped.
it was an expensive mistake!
"day 56 of playing Russian roulette. Seems I never win."  Wow you're luckier than Dream.
We are lucky to have  Nakey and IH
Please reconsider making longer content, you make extremely well produced and captivating 45min videos like this one! I love all your videos but the longer ones are my favourite.
Hearing  the tg5 intro jingle  on internet historian is weird as fuck xD
Those non-copyright tunes are some real bangers.
Ya know, I’ve seen multiple documentaries about this incident. I’ve learned so much about it. But no one has ever mentioned that the captain had a history of wrecks???
there should be a super-like button or something
GME story please
At 12:37 , who else saw what he wrote on the propellers?
That linustechtips edit killed me.
interesting how the random lady on the ship who called her daughter did more to save lives than the captain
"yeah we went to the park today and we went on the swings" idk why that delivery made me laugh so hard
How the hell was that crew approved.  What kind of managerial mishap has to happen to the point where those are the people operating the half a billion dollar ship.
19:20 hornet theme goes hard
opened youtube and shit my pants upon seeing a new video
i noticed the hollow knight music
Only discovered you and sumito about a week back on the incognito channel, wish I found ye sooner. 👍
The concordia is humankind, the captain is the politicians. we know what will happen
I can't 🤣 every time he says the captain's surname the only thing I hear is "scoteena" and that's "beast" in Russian and it's used as an insult on par with "pig" 😆 for uncultured, unkept, poorly behaved people 🙈
I'm hungarian, and I'm not surprised that hungarians attempted to get money out of this :D
The ship going under the ladder just killed me!
The title of each video sounds like something I would never watch, but internet historian makes it into an informative but enjoyable short documentary. Great creator.
Love it such an entertaining channel
The origin of Rivet City is fucking intense
Next stop, Gamestop !
Yo you just gonna keep bringing up the lady trapped in the magician's box and then NOT tell us what happened to her after her box crashed into the crowd?  Dang man I didn't come here to do my OWN research.  She lived, by the way.
6:50 SHIPPU DORIFTO
The sheer fact that an Aussie tried to joke around and sell an entire sunken ship off the coast of a country halfway 'round the world... Someone had to do it and I'm so proud that it was one of ours!
worth the wait
I love ya vids, plz make a series bout the youtube iceberg, u know the deep stuff, I would love dat shit in detail<3 <3 <3
Hold on I'm reversing it, beep beep beep beep beep. Got me 😂😂
Thrilling first half of the video!
He even puts Tanker theme from MGS 2 for this illustration 15:32,  good job my man
so what are the hidden channels? he wouldnt tell
Linus Ship Tips lol
What a barn burner
My favorite youtuber of all time, Internet Historian.
the worst bit about that  whole video... no more 45 min videos sad face
Payday music was a good choice lmao
The idea of adding the MGS2 OST as background music was perfect.
The ports man demonstrates the old adage diversity is strength.  Hiring someone who speaks the same language as your captain would be  like hiring that guy Ray Cyst.
Just imagine how terrible morale and discipline were aboard the ship, that the officers immediately made plea deals to testify against the captain.
YEEEESSSSS  two things: 1) you outdid WTYP on this (and i love them, big grats) and 2) unfortunately that means you have to somehow one-up them on the MS Estonia and good luck bc it's by a titanic margin lots more depressing (but i believe in you [second channel perhaps])
8 years since an upload
Internet Historian is a breath of fresh air
"A small price to pay for a salute..."
I bet the helmsman is using Node VPN and incognito mode with his browser, he will never be found
That Linus tech tips intro was amazing.
19:09 No one shaw this coming
Guy was probably demoted due to the fact he outshone his boss, yes it's hard to guess office politics and he could have been a massive douche to be around in private but being suddenly hit with the "needs to learn humility" is practically a cliché at this point.
Simply put, A masterpiece
As an Italian Im glad that now everyone will be able to appreciate the legendary stories of Captain Schettino
love all the hollow knight music too
God I remember when this happened
Iam so happy that we get to watch this for free
I almost forgot about Costa Concordia... This is a lot more than the Italian medias covered.
26:20 *"Who steals a big fuckoff bell?"*  A bellend?    Yeah, yeah, I know.  Ill see myself out.
Thats it, this is internet historians 2021 video, knowing how frequently he uploads we'll see the next one in a year.
The use of Halo music is beautiful xD great videos as always!
yes YES MORE
Another masterpiece. Why am I not surprised? I can’t wait to watch this twenty more times until the next vid comes out
sure. no more 45 mins video.  Make it 15 mins with 3 parts!  man... i really enjoy a long video on your channel.
I always remember why subscribe to you.
28:18 is that the dead island soundtrack?
Normal videos: you pause the ad to skip it  This video: you pause the ad to upvote
Whatever nord VPN is paying you, it's not enough.
I love how, instead of adding in a generic explosion sound effect at the end of the ad, he just did it himself.. Badly.. Well done, sir 😂
Well at least we wont have to deal with another shipwreck with a coward captain in a casé filled with corruption.  *MV Sewol happen*  OF FOR FUCK SAKE !
That Jacob Bin is a madman. He just yeeted himself out from the court
It's like an educational Sundance reject
unreal that 32 people died bc of gross incompetence
Fukn spaghetti spinners at it again
I watched another video about the Costa Concordia about a month ago when you uploaded
Damn, I really like the 45 minute videos.
Shit you not I got a ad for P&O cruises on this vid lmao
Never in my LIFE did i think I'd see a goddamn LTT reference in an Internet Historian video.
I can’t believe the cost of making this video, and I am watching it for free.
YouTube holiday, IH has uploaded
The ship’s going down under the music of “my heart will go on”. You can’t make that shit up
Yo internet historian playing Skullgirls music. You classy man you.
Another 32 people dead, bc of some fools... Damn
Real kings watched the story of the Costa Concordia on Bright Sun Films before watching it here
24:10 2 words for you, Wilhelm Gustloff.
Omg, it's so weird seeing it from the point of view of someone outside of Italy
Halo music got me vibin' to a tragedy!
so they put a unqualified person on the most important job on a the yacht and he goes to jail?
Got an ad about driving licenses after they the hit rock lmao
Car seat headrest fans are smiling rn
OMG HE UPLOADED
i can't like the video due to the waste of perfectly good spaghetti
I'm Italian and I definitely wasn't expecting this video. The Costa Concordia is still memed to this day and I'm really happy seeing someone telling its epic tale years later. Btw the ship  was also in the game Grezzo 2 as a level and you even get to fight Schettino.
I love the editing on these videos
Seeing this after finishing a 12 hour shift, -- and workweek is wonderful
If internet historian made ads on youtube, I'd watch all of them
this was the quickest 46 minutes of my life ever
Whoever edited this is a god.
22:44 Did anyone else hear the Halo  music start playing and then again at 24:13
needs more bomb fx
Shit I remembered this being on the news when I was in 1st grade. We had this news friday thing when we took the biggest news of the week and read about it, this was the very first article of friday news we read.
I lost it at Linus Ship tips, great edit IH!
Mmmmmmm an entire hour of italian tacos i don't think i'd survive
Internet Historian makes some of the best content on YouTube, this dude is a hard ass worker and makes good content as a result, so much respect for this dude! GOAT!
"it has been 8 years  I remember it like it was just a few years ago" Genius
i dont understand how the captain still has his job?????  i seen so many times ,some captains have just 1 ,just 1 mistake, and they are fired for like ever being captain,at least in huge ships  WTF
I asked for a vedio got a masterpiece
Bro... you are the reason I believe YouTube channels should have its own category in the Golden Globes.
The halo music omg lol im dead
How do you do your research?
Bro, MGS2 tanker music, so pertinent, I love it!
I was about to watch some midget porn, but then I saw that Internet Historian posted a new video.
I missed you!
he is back
This is Internet Historian’s Magnus Opus
Cyberpunk 2077 & gamestop.    We'll be waiting
I swear to god I must have looked at this channel 10 minutes before a new upload, and thought, "jesus christ, no uploads in 10 years?  wtf???"
38:51 there's no pun in what he says in Italian though
Am I the only one that noticed the hollow knight music? I love how it's used in loads of videos that have nothing to do with hollow knight
Quite literally the worst capitan ever
35:17 - that Asmongold cameo, lol
Whao weird talking about my country
Well done man.
"NOOOO YOU ARE TO STAND IN TRIAL FOR YOUR INVOLVEMENT IN THE ACCIDENT!"  "lmaoxD"
What have we done to deserve you ;_;`
,,A Titanic Affair"  Ok whoever did this my respect
i remember i looked up the costa concordia after hearing the song "the ballad of costa concordia" and i really enjoyed looking into all the shit about it, this is a treat man thank you
You know when Internet Historian releases a video,it's gonna be highest quality long funny video. I'm still rewatching all old videos,they just never get boring or uninteresting
29:08 Big Ed reference, loved it
So about these “secret” channels...
you ruined so much spagetti for that bit that i have to respect it 25:19
I truly love you men .
Imagining the people killed for trusting these incompetent peoples lies is horrible.
The thumbnail looks like this is gonna be a classic
Thanks for the new vid!
The most bizarre crew yet..
As an Italian I'm surprised to discover this thing is known abroad. It entered our zeitgeist so strongly, I just assumed it was an italian thing, it was such a ridiculous affair.
Another Masterpiece my guy, keep up the good work. ♥️ U X
there might have been a massive buyout of the actual company that owned all of the merchandise which was swept under the rug because it was done in the Taiwanese market.  "accident" for sure
This might be the highest quality content on this website.
I used Internet historian as a source in my college paper
The halo music is so comforting <3
your content never ceases to amaze, great work!
Schettino was also invited by a professor from a Rome university to hold a seminar on FUCKING PANIC MANAGEMENT  Obviously after the Concordia disaster And during the execution of the process if i remember well
🙂 have  a blackout 😐 ship start tilting 😱 "My heart will go on" start playing
28:20 bruh she ain’t worth sinking a ship for
31:04 at the bottom , between ukraine and Romania , I'm from moldova mate , nice video btw
He lives!!!
Just imagine, Internet Historian - Chernobyl
The only channel where i dont skip the ads
Why don't they just build ships with a second hull?
Out of all things, fucking holloe knight music.
16:40 fans for generators don’t provide cooling. They provide O2 for the generator. All generators on board vessels are a form of engine that their role is to produce electricity. Without it, the generator will not start.
life-vests inside the ship are causing my anxiety and  depression, because humans are stupid.
8 years? Feels like it was only 2-3 years ago.
How to do you sleep through a Crash, 90 degree tilting sinking ship, Sirens, Helicopters, probably screaming at some point. WHAT?!
Way better than any National Geography documentary. Loads of drama, effects and laughs along the way.
Hollow knight song in it thoo
"beyblade beyblade let it rip" 😆😂😂
It baffles me how the quality of your videos just continues to increase as such a dramatic rate each time. I’ve genuinely never seen better editing on a YouTube video ever before. A huge tip of the cap to you  my friend.
Fantastic use of MGS music
Hold up, that cover of White Flag was way too good, had to stop the video entirely just to check for the link to it
0:09 Everyone when internet historian finally uploads
[removed]
Obviously, its her fault. Everyone knows if you see a girl, the funny juice leaves your brain, and you start lying to harbor masters and hiring employees who don't speak the same language.   That's why all captains are eunuchs or women now
This is amazing. Does internet historian usually share sources ?
finally history pays due respect to this national pride of italy and the whole world can partake in its glory
Disastro fantastico!
do the Sewol ferry tragedy next
1:48 huh that that’s odd....how the hell was he still a captain after those first accidents. In any case great documentary as usual. Keep up the great work.
If YouTube ever stops being a thing, I think you should be the next narrator for Thomas the Tank Engine
MY BODY IS READY
It's a shame you didn't include the whole De Falco-Schettino exchange over the radio/telephone, it's full of memorable quotes
25:13 hand reveal?1!!!1!!1
Video quality is *chefs kiss*
You're getting really, really good at making videos about events like this. This video is amazing.
Yo Skullgirls music, That's my shit.
How the fuck is the captain not serving a life sentence?!
This is the most Italian story ever.
24:11  That song...  **Flashbacks**
I love how the navy hero gave them the formal fck you and left only for him to become a senator. Love that
Mr. Internet Historian, i hope this comment finds you well.   I have but one question for you. How do you find the right picture to edit and the right background and the sound effects. I like your videos because of the quality of the chuckles i have when watching them.   -Sincerely, an Indonesian who likes this video
These are the best documentaries ever. Great job.
Those before and after pictures are fucking terrifying
Carnival Cruises should have suffered far more serious consequences for hiring staff who were inexperienced and turned out to be incompetent. Having a Helmsman who didn't understand the language was very dangerous! Clear communication is obviously vital when operating a massive ship with hundreds of people on board. The fact that the Captain had crashed cruise ships TWICE previously, yet was again put in charge of another cruise ship, beggars belief. Well done, Internet Historian, for such an in-depth video on the subject. You brought up several major points that I hadn't heard before, despite watching a couple of documentaries on the Concordia.
What are these other secret channels? I really want to know because I really enjoy everything the internet historian puts out on both of his channels!
christmas already? 🎄
holy shit he's back
Coastgaurd: What the hella are you doing?  Captain: Sir, escaping my catastrophe and watching people die
Bogpill confirmed
31:49 - "oh... God not again" I'm as dead as the Captains career
If nordvpn didn't give him a shit load of money, they should!
This is not internet history, it's real history. I'm not complaining tho
Love those investigation report! Netflix series when?
You should do a video on Cyberpunk 2077.
Man this sounds like this situation sounds like it could have gone even worse
These documentaries deserve to be on netflix or something. I'd happily pay to watch these and salute IH's business success.
Who’s gonna be the hero to tell us the names of his other channels? 👀
Every time you upload it's some random yet interesting topic and I love u
That Linus Tech Tips had me rolling out of my chair!!! XD
like why do you have such terrible sound tracks? 2021 using halo 3 music? are you kidding me?
TG5, AKA THE ULTIMATE MEME TV NEWS ON THE INTERNET HISTORIAN, I AM IN ECSTASY
Im waiting for a 30 Minute movie that's just one single big ad
"But while some were celebrating, the hungarians were scheming"
<3
When the payday music started
That gotta be the best captain i have ever seen
Hahaha that linus tech tips intro though.
This cured my depression and defeated racism
The production quality is absolutely top
I won't even watch it before thanking you for it. Thank you for the content Mr. Internet Historian man.
Damn the Korean couple is immune to tremors
Amazing
great vid
i remember flying over the wreck on a flight over the islands a few years back. it was geniunely a tragic sight to see it lying on its side on some rocks
Y'know idk why, but that part where he mentioned that 32 people died and that Russel Rebello was considered a hero with his passing made me tear up a lot. It's just really sad to think that those people died because of the "captains" lack of experience
Perhaps the real cost of Concordia were the friends we made along the way.
This is my absolute worst nightmare I was honestly on the verge of a panic attack throughout this whole video😬😬 but I gotta support the channel
Good work 👍
Our historian boi just don't miss.
Mama mia!
Too soon? Nar Just in time.
Never clicked on a video faster before.
Costa concordia non ci credo
Thanks harold
47 minute video about Costa Concordia from Internet Historian ... still not sure what good deed I did to receive such reward.
Am i seeing it right?  I am about to watch internet historian video.
aw, but i like the long videos.
31:14 I, on behalf of the people of Romania, and the people of Moldova announce that we do not claim her, we do not know her, never seen her in our lives. Ask the Ukrainians.
As an Italian, the "Vada a bordo, cazzo" at 22:05 will be engraved in our memory forever
If you look closer to the situation, i can assure you'll find mafia collisions in the events. In italy if something happens the mafia is surely behind it somehow
I love the hornet theme from hollow knight at 19:08 , the pure sound of "oh god oh fuck whats happening now"
aaah the costa concordia, how i remember the "SCHETTINO,CAZZO, TORNA SUBITO SU QUELLA NAVE!"
39:37 it did translate to "three furious" but it detected spanish, maybe tres also means very in italian, i know that très means very in french.
SPICY
It's so satisfying hearing De Falco tell off the captain
Love the vid But I thought this was a channel for internet history :thinking_emoji:   Naaaah, fuckit it's good enough anyways.
The sea is a cruel Mistress
This has been a long time coming You finally found the password!
Im much more surprised the Helmsman, so cheap he can't even speak english well. At least find someone that could, we're in the middle of the oceans, how could he not think about the consequences of miscommunication?
The Titanic wasn't a cruise ship, it was an ocean liner
How tf did he say ad and I got a YouTube ad.
Lost it at the 40 min mark when the Coles or Woolies song comes on :)
19:27 jesus christ, i will NEVER get on a cruise ship after seeing that
That’s why you don’t get some cockhead security guard to control a boat
19:50 as a truck driver, this had me in tears the backing noises AHAHAHAHAHAHA . Bip bip 🤣🤣🤣
Just join the navy. It's more professional and you get paid.
24:22 i know this video is full of satirical humor but man this part bring absolute chills
I'm starting to think Internet Historian really likes L.A. Noir.
Love the Halo music playing!
This would be one hell of a blockbuster comedy
We're missing just one thing -                                                    THE OFFER IS NOT COMMENSURATE   Also wtf the NordVPN detective is playing russian roulette with a sawn off shotgun
Narration is amazing
24:14 she'll be right just needs some TLC
What’s that music at 40:24? It seems very nostalgic???
He did it again. Like most of your other videos this is a goddamn masterpiece!
28:49 - Ah, the intro to GTA: Vice City. Not just a historian, but a man of culture as well ;)
As an italian I remember when they had just found the black box of the ship and found out about Schettino leaving the ship before anyone else. Mainstream media never went THIS much deep in detail about how disastrous was his manouvering though.
Vada a EFAPio, massivo
Where are these secret channels D:
Oh look! Another reason why I will never get on a fkin boat!
My dad works as a captain for merchant marine vessels, and he told me if it was any of his employers, they would've fired Schettino after the first accident and basically put him on a blacklist. How or why this one company was so incompetent at the management of their multi-million dollar cruise ship, he has no idea of.
We missed you
Hahahahaha
*F*
It's such a weird juxtaposition seeing this goofy video about the event after I had seen Bright Sun Films uber serious video.
I mean all of this is good and well, but who the fuck thought playing "my heart will go on" was a good idea?
I'm Italian and we were all bombarded by daily news for months when this happened. Yet, this single video was more informative than the sum of all those news reports. Amazing.
31:04 Moldova is right on the screen, just south-west of Ukraine
Diversity strikes again!
I like 45 minute movies
That halo music
I really like your 45 minute videos. I am sad to see them go.
BAKE WAKE UP NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO JUST DROPPED
Bojler Eladó  Jesz, miszter lójer, áj em szőrvájver af siprek.   Translation: Yes, mister lawyer, I am survivor of shipwreck.   Also, where are the secret channels?
As an Italian I approve of this message  And as your subscriber i fucking love this video
One question, is NordVPN your sponsor or are you actually the NordVPN Head of Advertisement and you just created this channel to disguise this fact?
Какая же говорящая фамилия у мужика то
I love that he smokes the cigarette thru his nostril during Ad Time ™️
Nobody’s gonna make the carseatheadrest reference?
It's almost as if these assholes had no business being in a position of power.
Top tier video, A++
Who would win? A massive behemoth of a ship worth 570 million dollars and only existing because of thousands of years of scientific and engineering experience or one spicy captain boi showing off to his mistress
The people who did dives to loot the ship did nothing wrong, and really they should also have the right to loot Scatino's house and his thot's too. And the company's.
Gran video, saludos hermano ✌️
Playing Titanic music on a sinking ship, what absolute madlads
CHRIST IS BACK AND HE BEARS GIFTS
The whole set up is too good i would pay just to see more lol
It’s videos like these that make me glad Internet Historian makes them, otherwise I would never have known about any of these events.
When he said ed time I got an double unskippeble ad lmao  And after the ad again wtf
Absolutely riveting
The Messiah
Just gonna say that Schettino was probably the most hated man in the country for years, I'm surprised he wasn't lynched in the streets. Unfortunately, not enought hate has been given to Costa, a bunch of fucking crooks who received almost no punishment
Wish I hadn't seen BrightSunFilm's video before this one.
Love your videos bro
This is why I refuse to go on a cruise. What’s relaxing about being locked in a boat in the middle of the fuckin sea that could either sink or stop? And all the food poisoning...ugh
The lifting op is a engineering masterpiece. Honestly if you need to lift and transport a cruise ship or raise a destroyed submarine from the bottom of the sea there is only one nation to call. The Dutch.
For me it says 5 months for 5 hours to get one video nice
The best birthday Gift ever 😁
shout out to the staff that took charge from the get go, they dont get as much credit as they deserve
This is an actual Masterpiece! I've never been this gripped in a video about a subject I previously had zero interest in. He's done it again.
Maaaaaa.... Perché racconti un avvenimento italiano?
dang...what a roller coaster of tensions. Love every minutes of this video
You mean actual historian
Koney  2012
Well you know what they say, " if the boat starts  rocking,  dont come  knocking "
The Halo music at 22:38 and 24:10 gave me a feeling I haven't felt in years. Broke the immersion, but in a happy, nostalgia way. Same goes for the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory music at 35:49. Someone played the original Xbox a lot, huh?
Internet historian? More like The Emperor of man.
I just know this Cyberpunk video is coming up...
YES!! FINALLY!
this is so interesting lmaooo
Much love and appreciation for your masterful work, from Italy 😄
Lets fucking GOOOOOOOOO
This is a work of art
Ship tips Nice
I wonder if most of the time of working on this was due to playing Sims for research of course!
34:00 Of course, he meant Tuscany, Bulgaria
I live in Civitavecchia and I never in a million years of following Internet Historian would think he'd mention my dumbass town. Cheers for acknowledging our existence
24:03 "Largest crew ship disaster since Titanic"? Citations needed. How about the maritime disaster with Estonia in 1994 where almost all passengers died? Just to give one counter example.
I love the use of silksong ost
this was beautiful
I made a video to about a weird looking bird
3:38 Gran Turismo 6 menu music :)
I know you said no more 45 min videos but DAMN this was great!  You absolutely should give it a go when you're up to it again!
HE's BACK
6:45  - Oversteer is better than Understeer because you DON'T see the tree that kills you - one of three wise men
All of you should watch the full video of the call between Shittino and the coast guard
I never wanna be told I'm inexperienced for a job again.
The Hidden Shut the fuck up Killed it :DD
19:20 I hear Hornet
This is actually pretty tense.
The Hollow knight music is a nice touch in the heated situations.
As an indonesian, I apologize on behalf of the helmsman
None of this is surprising. Cruiselines are overpriced incompetence that pay their employees $2/hour and expect them to perform as employees on $30/hour with no training.
Wait, so the captain caused two collisions with a $570 million floating city... and wasn't immediately fired and blacklisted from sailing ever again?
This is the only ed tim I enjoy
T..T..Today junior!
Fantastic editing and very well paced! Also it was so nice to hear the halo CE OST  'Under cover of night' on your video =)
linus shiptips lol
The titanic was not a cruise ship dumby it was a ocean liner
They put a Red Shirt as Captain of the ship!! Even Star-Trek retardeD isn't that stupid!
One time u really wish hr done their job
24:00 halo 3 soundtrack
James Cameron been real quiet since this dropped.
8:17 You mean he has turned a near hit, into a full on hit. A hit is a near miss, a miss is a near hit.   *BOOM* "We nearly missed."
Eyy, it's been a while
The memories.
19:09 Hollow Knight fans when they get silk song news
Your editing is consistently getting better with every addition my guy bravo 👏
The only time I look forward to ads in any video on any channel
this captain guy, he seems like a real JERK!
Dude make that cyberpunk video can't wait for that <3
I saw a vid about real time crisis of this accident. It was impressive that crew of rescue helicopter yelling the escaped captain after his ship's passengers left behind sinking ship to go back to his ship.
Internet Historian is a lot like the channel "Ahoy".  Releases documentaries very slowly, but when they do, its always amazing.  May Todd Howard watch -over- you as you sleep, good sir!
The halo music hit me hard
The animations are top notch
and he'sssss baccccckkk
Nice
Been waiting for this one and editing is 10/10 as allways. What a covard of a captain
Nothing good ever comes out of a story starting with: Hey girl, watch this!"
Hello, The Internet Historian, long time no see
Imagine building a ship for 570 million but not hiring competent captain and staff...
Hell yeah with the linus part.
the little "ah" when he drops the bell at the end lmao
If I've learned anything from Internet Historian and Chubby Emu it's the comforting knowledge that bad things generally only happen when people are being dickheads. The only problem is how many people are dickheads.
Yo did internet historian just lip sync awesome
When your showing the destroyed ship, what music is that being played?
The Linus shiptips caught me off guard
Maybe have everyone whose navigating speak the same language, that would be nice
Crazy how every disaster ever is caused by a narcissist not willing to admit they failed even when lives are at stake.
This is one of your best videos yet! Keep up the great work. 👌
HOW THE HELL WAS I SUPPOSED TO STEER THIS SHIP?
Wait.. he has more than 3 channels???
I was a kid when i heard of this accident in the news, this video makes me honestly uncomfortable and that someone was even interested to tell this story outside italy is a suprise
"The rest of this is taken from the mainstream media. So it is a lot less accurate." Lmao
Not bad, guy. Might be your magnum opus.
The production going into each video keeps impressing me every time.
damn, excellent video once again!
i demand more ads ! they are my marvel multiverse
I love your videos!!!!!!
So you are given control of a brand new $500 million ship, and the first thing you do is do something extremely risky while not really paying attention? I don’t even want to drive my car close to the parked cars on the side of the road, how do you feel comfortable doing that on a massive boat that’s basically a small city?
"Oh shit!!!"   -Francesco Schettino, 2012
welp im not going on a cruise for a while
ALELUIA HE POST
27:53
I hear the Chaos Theory soundtrack.. I click like.
Narrated better than most shark movies
man i can't wait for the 3x 15min upcoming ship videos by ship historian
Internet historian: "Expensive boat" Everyone: *A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one*
the Virgin cruise ship captain vs. the Chad Deputy Mayor
You never said what happened to the woman in the magician's box. I'm just gonna suspect that she died. What a truly awful way to go
42:16 certified jawa moment
remembered the password did ya
Awesome video as always <3 And please, do not totally abandon these 45-minute videos! Shorter ones are very entertaining, but for some subjects it can be too short, and you certainly fill the time with quality.   Oh, and please make a video about the devving (and subsequent fiasco) of Cyberpunk 2077
Oh, I bid farewell to the port and the land And I paddle away from brave Italy's white sands To search for my long ago forgotten friends To search for the place I hear all sailers end  As the souls of the dead fill the space of my mind I'll search without sleeping 'til peace I can find I fear not the weather, I fear not the sea I remember the fallen, do they think of me? When their bones in the ocean forever will be  Plot a course to the night to a place I once knew To a place where my hope died along with my crew So I swallow my grief and face life's final test To find promise of peace and the solace of rest  As the songs of the dead fill the space of my ears Their laughter like children, their beckoning cheers My heart longs to join them, sing songs of the sea I remember the fallen, do they think of me? When their bones in the ocean forever will be  When at last before my ghostly shipmates I stand I shed a small tear for my home upon land Though their eyes speak of depths filled with struggle and strife Their smiles below say I don't owe them my life  As the souls of the dead fill the space of my eyes And my boat listed over and tried to capsize I'm this far from drowning, this far from the sea, I remember the living do they think of me? When my bones in the ocean forever will be  Now that I'm staring down at the darkest abyss I'm not sure what I want but I don't think it's this As my comrades call to stand fast and forge on I make sail for the dawn 'til the darkness has gone  As the souls of the dead live for'er in my mind As I live all the years that they left me behind I'll stay on the shore but still gaze at the sea I remember the fallen and they think of me For our souls in the ocean together will be  I remember the fallen and they think of me, For our souls in the ocean together will be...
GOD where is our CYBERPUNK .... !!!
Internet Historian with the god tier quality documentary Vada a Bordo, Cazzo/10
I was on one of the newer Concordia ships 3 years ago. They were very strict on giving emergency drill exercises after the fucked incident
I love the transitions :'D
Why would anybody trust him with 750mil in the first place?
TORNI A BORDO CAZZO
Holy crap that was an amazing video! I await the Gamestonk and Cyberpunk videos with bated breath. They're too good for you overlook entirely, llol.
Real life Zapp Brannigan
"Who steals a big, fuck-off bell?" Well when you consider just what that big, fuck-off bell means to a vessel like the Concordia, I would imagine someone who knows just how valued those big, fuck-off bells are to certain people, that's who. (I seem to remember they "recently" found the wreckage of Indianapolis like, 4 years ago or something and her bell was one of the things they made sure to get and give to one of her last surviving veterans. It's now on display at a War Memorial.)  Y’know on second thought, I think I might just be a fucking idiot. “Who steals a big fuck-off bell?”? Well considering the ending of this video, IH clearly already knows the answer to that question.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH  YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Some carnival cruise line executive: "Hey let's not hire some costly Italian union member to be a helmsman on our 450 million euro ship, lets save a couple of thousand euros a month by hiring some random Indonesian who can barely speak english or italian!" Private business at its finest, minimizing costs for maximum efficiency.
This basically Chernobyl but in Ship
Hollow Knight music was fitting. Good job IH
This video really excite me because back in school as a Nautical Studies student i picked this vessel for my case study. Man this brings back so many memories...
It's sad that there will be no more 45min videos. I really enjoyed them. I hope they continue on the second channel. But otherwise the video was an absolute blast. I enjoyed every second of it. Keep up the good work.
the fashion video aint new bruh but ill watch it again.... cuz  i love you
are those Sims 4 characters???
Cyberpunk 2077 video when? :')
Still the best God damn sponsor ads money can't buy!
Holy shit, Domnica is literally the blonde lady from 30 Rock. Slept with the captain assisted in creating a disaster and then started crusading on political issues, life imitates art.
God, that voice alone is just pure comedic gold. Every word is dripping with humor. Coupled with the superbly informative subject matter, this is some of the best content on Youtube.
The captains ringtone is by the seaside good touch
MOOM A NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO!!!
I thank you god for this
I had to google it, but the lady who was in the magician's box was okay! She just got a cut on her leg.
what a shitshow, I hate my country
There’s a great (french) song about this incident called “côte concorde”
EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY SKULLGIRLS OST AT @35:00 THANK YOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUU
You could do 30+ min videos in part 1, 2 & 3.
what a stupid selfish man who the fuck let this man be the captain after the two incidents before this one
I need to get me a well-tanned, symmetrical Italian man to crash me a boat!  Would do wonders for my exposure!
I appreciate the use of halo music
"It even has a water mark"
43:50 fucking lost it at linus ship tips
It’s going to take him 2 years to make a new video lol
omg the linus tech tips reference was amazing
this is a piece of art
Best internet historian video.
Finally 🥳
I can hear a story a million times but until internet historian tells it, it’s the first, best, and last time I’m hearing about it.
“AHH” ;)
But, but wait... Where's the link with the Internet on that one?
👀
There's simply no justice. 33 deaths only 16 years and other off with the slap on the wrists. 1m fine means nothing to thise company + passengers deserved much more than 30k. What a joke.
You put amazing amounts of effort into your vids I love it
itu dari indo pake orang dalem kah? :v
I'm going to put this video on 0.25 speed so I can savor this once-in-a-5-month experience
Literally the only creator on youtube I watch, who's ads I actually look forward too.
I guess we'll have to wait a year or two for wallstreetbets part 2.
Amazing             Mw!!!
Hehe Costa Condordia more like... Costa lot hahhehehaehhe
Why so many fighting game themes lol
This was extremely well researched...
Bruh internet historian should go over the Halifax explosion next seeing how detailed this was
lmao he really does need to get into filmmaking
Well done in capturing the comedy and tragedy of this convoluted tale in a most entertaining manner.
Internet Historian could make a narration of paint drying and I'd still watch it.
Lmao I remember I looted an Iwatch from there
Can someone make a video on the time we had 45+ minute videos from Internet Historian in like... 3 years?
WTF we don't want normal videos. We want "In the quarantine". -Said no one ever
Super fucking interesting
Another Masterpiece of a documentary.
For fucks sake man, the I-max "bwoaaaawh" noise gets me every time.
Internet historian uploaded, remember to turn off your adblockers
Wow, why isn't she in jai- oh. She is. Good. Deserves it for being so crass about the lives of the victims.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
i have to write that i am happy you have a new video and now i am going to watch thx bye
Didn't expect Internet Historian made video about this.  Please do Oceanos next~
Ok Internet historian, we already know you hate making new videos, you probably never be as funny as that joke about finding Domnica in a cockpit, you can now safely retire. I spit out my fucking tea, had to clean my monitor.
what a pile of SCATino xd
Ahh bungie
yo im eating apples n cheese as im watching this and i am so fucking invested in the story i kinda forgot this actually happened
Too bad longer videos are going away since they truly are the best ones. Having a 10-15min "history" vid just feels rushed since so much have to be left out
kinda elaborate for a magic trick
what?! secret channels?
What!  Your 45 mins videos are master class. Vada a bordo, cazzo! And keep pumpin em’ out
this quality is worth paying for.  But meh... I will give you a like. ok?
Lawd bless the Concordia our favourite kiwi is baaaaack.
Nobody managed to find a picture of Rusli then? What a shame!
A story worthy of a ballad, don't you think?
Internet historian is just becoming historian
What a ride
Ngl I would have stole the bell. I want a big fuck-off bell
Captain Coward - “There are thousands of passengers, we can’t make any mistakes”  Craigslist Helmsman - “Got it, 67 passengers and do the opposite”
I'm gonna miss the long form vids
Thank you for covering one of the most embarrassing events of my country's modern history that people always tend to forget. Much love❤️.
Kinda bummed to hear the long form videos are going away. They’re definitely worth the wait.
Lol linus shiptips
Finally a news source I can trust.
Another reason to not go on a cruise
I'm Italian and I've seen the ship sinking with my own eyes
I understand the humorousness but it remains a tragedy, the buffoonery of the staff, Coordinators AND that coward of a captain lead to the deaths of over 30 people who came for a nice cruise but had their lives taken instead
Linus ship tips is a appreciated nod
4 hours online - half a million clicks No need to explain :D Youre the flagship of youtube content quality
Linus ship tips LoL
“the person who stole the costa concordia bell was never found.” truth be told it shouldnt be that hard to find them, just listen for the “BONG BONG BONG” and there’s your guy
So. Anyone got any leads on those hidden channels?
24:10  Halo 3 OST - Luck
That cover of White Flag is pretty lit, not gonna lie.
Nice its been like.... ehm... 5 months?
i cri evertim
Sounds like someone had their papa buy his promotions. Looks like someone should be paying for all of this.
The Linus ShipTips clip fucking killed me xD
Brilliant
There is a new video everyone stay caaalm STAY CAAALM
Linus Ship Tips LMAO
worth the wait
This is a comment
Awesome birthday present. Thanks Internet Historian.
As an italian i can finally relate to how the swedish felt while watching "the swedish job" video. That strong sense of "why are we so retarded?"
when mankind is gone I hope the aliens find this channel as their only knowledge of our existence and history.
Do a video on the phantom cyberpain
28:25 that guitar in the background, what on earth is that from again?
The person who's to blame is whoever hired that Indonesian guy.
More Vids pls!
I instantly liked the video just for seeing you animating that talking scene. That was beautiful as hell!
Damn, that was spicy
Fakin YES!! After 5 months its finally here. Another new video!
I'd like to add a small detail: the photos taken inside the wrecked Concordia were all taken by some random guy who managed to sneak inside the ship when it was already recovered and transported to Genoa. I don't remember if he had to swim in order to get to it, or if he used some kind of inflatable boat.
more 45 minute vids! lol
Italians are so incompetant lol
So I guess the cost was a _sunk_ one?
So 16 years for killing 32 people and wasting a billion dollars. Thats only 6 months per murder, and around 31 million dollars squandered. Lynching seems more fitting, but you know, 'justice'.
25:14 I'm so triggered right now.
In a see of 10k+ comments, I really hope IH sees this one.  Vido good. Thsnks
Babe wake up, internet historian posted
incomprehensible lips sink ships
spicy
As an Italian can confirm it's all accurate and hilariously put together well done dude.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa he is back baby
25:15 THE DEETS
You have secret channels?!? Please tell me... I wont tell... honest... hello?
I literally rewatch ever IH video like 3 times when it comes out lol. it's just too much fun
Love the use of O'Donnell and Salvatori's "Luck" for the aftermath images
Bing B B Bing Bing Bing Bing Bong! 😂😂😂😂.
this was worth the wait
26:15 twomad reference lol
I'd just like to say that I have in fact seen the fashion video, pretty sure I saw it the day it was released. It's good content.
This is probably your greatest video yet.
HAHAHAHAHAHA Got a cruise ship ad
And just like that, after 40 short minutes, the annual Internet Historian drought begins again.
We love the 45 minute videos though!
Return of the king
That video took forever to come out......... worth it! 👍
This Caption is a huge itallian steriotype its not even funny anymore. I mean what is this a David Cage Game?!
Even though that we were once communist we are more democratic then any western european nation :)
that payday 2 bgm making me wanting to play the game again
These the deets.
what a ride
timestamp for spaghetti scene: 25:10
Amazing yet again.
I can't I CAN NOT aaaggggghhhhhhh!!!
Omg im italian and this is so accurate. I even saw it after the shipwreck
Very good 10/vabordocazzo leaving a comment :3
If I learned anything is that I should become an Italian playboy
please make more videos i love them so much
LinusShipTips
This video quite literally cured me of life-threatening aids.  Thank you Internet Historian.
30:20 YTP vibes
Good
I'd love to see you cover the South Korean ferry disaster, but it might be too depressing to cover..
Internet Historian returns with a masterpiece
2021 is starting off good now that you're back internet historian
Master piece as usual
30:50 I’m pretty sure she just doesn’t speak English that well. She should’ve said it in her mother tongue and then let them deal with it, as it may have come out better.
Waiting for asmongold to react. Great video!
don't they kill ppl in Italy for getting the weather wrong?
Shiet, that is funny
he probably got fired for that
Screw James Cameron's Titanic. We need to give an Oscar to the Internet Historian.
Watched this at 5 am, thought it was a covid induced hallucination, Video was that good and god tier.
With the ammount of effort you put into your videos, you deserve all the success you can get.
[ halo music ]
This is art
The best one yet
I never would have expected this story... Here in Italy, captain Schettino is such a meme that I don't even know lol
Not a thing to joke about.....
Thing that disgusts me the most is the main company essentially got off Scott free.
Video lit af
No more over 45 min videos... Hmmm but how you will explain the cyberpunk 2077 fiasco on 15 minutes?
good video
the hollow knight music is just good taste
The editing in this video is completely out of this world. Can't imagine how much effort went into it.
As an Italian, I can only imagine how meme this video will be. YAY HE'S BACC
Shiptips....Amazing!
Wait, why is the captains lover randomly speaking Romanian?
Just when you think he'll latch on to some shallow recent cash-in subject, he goes full rabbit hole. 11/10.
Bahaha I lost it a the Linus Ship Tips!
How on earth can the captain and this company possibly be so irresponsible? Holy shit
Damn these vids coming out fast
incorrect 45 minute video good 3x 15 minute video meh
Can't wait for the 1:30h cyberpunk video 😂
The crew was hired by Bill Burr, whole thing was an inside job.
Living like Larry.
That's deep.
as an italian, this brings back so many memories, so many newscasts
Man that’s an interesting use of hornet theme from hollow knight...  I’m not complaining I love that song
Every time I watch (and rewatch these cause let’s be honest, who doesn’t?) IH’s videos, I always think ‘there’s no way Ad time can get better’....  And yet it does. Every time.
I remember the day when I come here just for the ads. And now look at my Grandad. He has better wives now.
lmao linus shiptips
Banger editing.   I go back to watch your vids just for the nord vpn ads sometimes.
I remember seeing it all unfold when I was a kid, almost felt like watching a movie in the news
Please teach us your ways Internet Historian. We need your style of comedy to take control of the Internet (and memes).
Come for the video, stay for the add
Oh boy, what the fuck is this gunna be?  Some dumb shit?? Let’s hope so.
The only channel that I don't skip through the sponsor parts
He even put the time at the top right what a legend
For indonesian to be in Internet Historian video, it was an honor.
After going down the wiki rabbit hole. I read that a ship's bell is the most desirable "trophy" for divers from a wreck.
Honestly your videos are always so impressive
Best movie of 2021 right here!!! XD
Lmao actually got an ad for a Cruise
The editing and voicing is on point for this one boys❤
Well I very much enjoyed that
This is the funniest editing EVER! 😂  Dare I say....spicy
Imagine crashing an entire cruise ship just because you wanted to impress some people
Company: So how many incompetent officer you want? Concordia: YES.
i had a weird urge to search this dude and he uploads a vid today..
U should upload more
Is that a skullgirls song in my Internet Historian video!
You know, if civilians got a budget that big to build a rig like that, what’s stopping the military from copying a bit of homework and adding some different details?
As italian i find it even more funny
We need linus ship tips
You won’t get flagged for using music from the Alien 3 soundtrack?
I hope the dude that stole the bell sees this video.
Probably the best YouTube video I've ever seen in my life
Internet Historian should really start making even more long videos like this, I love to watch em.
Heaven is where the police are British, the cooks are French, the mechanics German, the lovers Italian and it's all organised by the Swiss. Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lover's Swiss, the police German and it's *all organised by the Italians.*
"NOT THE PASTA. HE WAAAAS SOOO YOUNG AND STIIILLL WAAARM."  --Marcello
Nobody: Internet:Linus Ship Tips  I am witnessing art
It was an expensive mistake.
The bit where you cut to big ed almost had me breathing in my ice cream.
Im always shocked by some management decisions. So, we spend hundrets of millions for a ship, but letting it steer by someone who can barely speak the corresponding languages. Seriously, if you invested so much, you might aswell invest more for well trained personnel.
Still probably the most enjoyable ads i have to watch.  Also wow, this is a very titanic situation, a lot of these systems seems like they were not tested and no offense to the man himself, but why put a literal newbie who is having trouble communicating in the very important position of helmsman?
is he based on Michael scott?
A new video only 5 months apart of the last one? Today must be Christmas
I swear Historian talks like that wise moody older brother who parents dont mess with but with his siblings he's just a dumbass shitposter
hm... I swear I hear payday music in this video
The legend returns
As hilarious as this whole thing was, it had nothing to do with internet culture, and so it sucked.  You hear that, Internet Historian?  Some rando, who thinks he's all that, said your 45-minute video, that obviously took a lot of hard work, *sucked.*    Unless Reddit caused the ship to crash... did Reddit cause the ship to crash?... no?... then it sucked.  Why don't you get a real job?
Is it just me or is internet historian basically becoming the super bowl where most people are just here for the ads
Bruh the Titanic wasn’t a Cruise ship, it was an Ocean liner. Ocean liners transport people, Cruise ships carry people for vacation, and Cruisers are ships with guns.
I can’t wait until internet historian genuinely gets to display something he’s made at the Sundance Film Festival
Aww man, i like the docu-length videos
He finally remembered the password to this channel
Still waiting for Cyberdunk 2077.
i still remember the ads from cost of concordia.
How did he keep his job after the first two crashes? Does carnival have a 3 strike rule?
They better pay you handsomely for your add time. I never skip your adds.
35:00 Wait, I know that music...
Payday song in the collision of the ship.
thx
Therapist: "Highly lipsynced Internet Historian doesn't exist. He can't hurt you."  Highly lipsynced Internet Historian: 2:10
the indonesian guy is still hiding what a mad lad
Well, it is nice to see Harold mentioning his home country: Hungary. :D
ah yes the hornet's theme
OH GOD THEY'RE SIMS. THEY ARE ACTUALLY FROM THE SIMS GAME OH GOD YOU'RE SO GOOD
What a horrifying collection of incompetency.
Finally
Hey Mr. Historian, why no more feature length videos ? monetization or workload related ?
It’s been too long man
Never click on my notification so fast.
The nautical equivalent of Chernobyl in terms of how many safety and operational procedures had to be ignored or actively defied in order to create a fuck-up of such colossal magnitude.
Every once in a while, I come back to the phone call between Schettino and De Falco: it gets me every single time.
I know Nord VPN guy isn't chris chan but I also don't know
Let’s go
This is why we don't need women on sensitive matters.
32.11 is there evidence the Bogdanoffs ordered  the Costa Concordia to crash to manipulate the stock market?
Unearthing all that nice spaghetti just for the deets, damn what a lad. Sacrifices were made.
Very tragic that most of the cruise ship incidents like Concordia and MV Sewol got worse because both captains ordered their crews to lie and then went full *Abandon Ship* on themselves.
What are the other channels?
My psychological brain loves the fuck out of Historian's sense of humor.
you have NO IDEA how much I thought the whole 'magician's assistant in the box while the ship was sinking' was about to end spectacularly tragically
Soo good, so good everytime.
Finally 🙏
My father worked as a chief engineer on container ships. Maersk, RIckmers, Gemini, I don't remember where else. He often complained that shipping companies were hiring Filipinos for pennies, who spoke almost no English and knew little about engineering. Therefore, to me, it sounds that a helmsman from Indonesia is the norm rather than the exception.  He often talked about work. I remember some. 4-month contract. First time on that ship. First of all, he inspects the condition of the engine. I remember some of the elements of the engine were covered with a casing made of the wrong rubber. It must protect the engine from water in case of flooding of the compartment for a couple of meters and must withstand very very high temperatures. Since the casing was not designed for such a high temperature, it was damaged. Melted, basically. Under normal circumstances, this would not be a problem and it could be replaced at the nearest port. But the ship was old, made somewhere in the 1970s. Water's been leaking into the engine compartment. If it floods the engine, it will obviously stop working. But along with it, the pump that pumps out water from the hold (bilge) will also stop working. The ship will stop in the middle of the ocean and slowly sink. Further depends on the route, but help may come too late, or not at all - if the ship is too far from the nearest port. Check out marine traffic. Some parts of the route are literally in the middle of the ocean. Thank God the team managed to fix everything.  And all this is due to the fact that someone did not have enough qualifications when choosing a spare part. And because this tin can should have been written off long ago, but greedy shipping companies operate ships to their last breath and save on everything, including spare parts and maintenance. But when disaster strikes, it is the engineers who risk their lives in the water-flooded engine room and try to keep the ship afloat.  Unfortunately, my father died at work for natural reasons (70 years) 2 years ago. I still find it hard to believe because he was healthy as a bull and full of energy. He could fix everything around him, but he could not fix his own "engine" :( I really miss him.
Hahaha, and I was just about to go to sleep
Hi Mr Historian I'm having trouble adjusting my aspect ratio on my tv at home. Do you know how to fix that?
You are Like the Unhinge memelord version of Lemmino
Lmao i wasn't ready for Linus Ship Tips
Spicy indeed my friend. Spicy indeed.    Ps. Linus ship tips. Would sub.
Here's the 6 channels I know of Internet Herstorian Internet historian: Greenscreen Internet historian: incognito  StoryMode Internet Historian: Live Internet Historian
...Jesus this was like 100 Fyre Festivals...
i'll gladly take more videos even if they're shorter.
Wait a minute this isn't the second channel... WAIT A MINUTE
this is a masterpiece you've really grown and its awesome seeing you out do yourself with each subsequent long form vid
He's not an internet historian anymore he's a legit historian
Looking forward to watching your future vids on Netflix, sir. 😂
The deets in mom's spaghetti got me
Im always very happy when you upload
Linus Shiptips , that one caught me unprepared. :D
I have found it.  The single greatest history video in the world.
I don't know why but for some reason Jacob Rusli Bin just leaving the country and never being found again is the funniest part of the whole thing
You're alive !!!!!!
Imma keep it real with you, longer vids are def mor epicer. Or in other words, yur long form story telling and detailed retelling is quite good and I as a YouTube commenter think longer videos are great.
10:20 lol someone was trying not to ruin the recording by laughing, im guessing? 😂
10:48 to skip ad
This is the best video I have ever seen. Bravo
26:14 Twomad
lmaoXD
We finally had a Hand reveal!
This product contains the only known version of a Nord VPN commercial that that is impssible to skip through. Whatever they are paying you, they need to double that shit.
Was hoping for Cyberderp but hey still a good laugh.
is nobody gonna question that "aah" at 46:00?
this video made my day, hilarious <3
I like more of those fanfic adaptations 👀
Great video! Very informative and entertaining! And seriously, check out the second channel.
Loving the Hollow Knight music!
Please upload more video I love them
45+ minute long video about a boat and not one joke about the poopdeck
Man halo music fits so well
NEW VIDEO NEW VIDEO NEW VIDEO !!!!!!!!
The only ads I watch
This was great. Worth the wait. And the only commercials I look forward to.
Simpin and Sinkin
The Tanker themes from MGS2 makes this absolute gold
Hail he who has come from the skies to deliver us from the normies
Thank you for the birthday gift. But who was in Paris? That's right. Nordman
I love that "Causing a shipwreck" is an accountable crime, how many people do you think have been charged as guilty for that
I'm Italian and I feel strange after watching this
I literally watched a video about the concordia just a few days ago....  _This is getting weird, but i enjoy it if it's you_
Because of Internet Historian, I know more about the disaster than before.
Excellent work as always!
Ronai looks like a dollar store Tom Hanks
fucking aronud with perfectly fine spaghetti was just uncalled for
Nintendo Direct *And* Internet Historian? Today is a good day
Ah thank fuck he posted I can finally rest easy
That bell is gonna sell on eBay for a lot of money some day.
Is that NoirVPN man, an alternate version of NordVPN from another universe?
Haha yes i know the nex mall from singapore 25:40 i dont know how u found that pic but im so excited to see that
Marvelous, Fantastic
Wait... What happened to the girl in the coffin?
dead island music? nice
What? Secret channels?
I’m absolutely loving the sims characters, keep it up!
my gahd that linus techtips edit got me good laugh😂 hahaha
mfw just put LTT intro but modify it. what a mad lad
I thought this was a Car Seat Headrest related video...
0:09 internet historian at the start of every video
This was a masterpiece 🤌🤌🤌🤌
I've never watched an ad and not realised it was an ad Who are you, who are so wise in the ways of ad's
Jesus christ seeing this as an Italian is like a fever dream. Never thought i'd ever see the intro from TG5 on here too. This is too much and done too well, fantastic job.
38:32 goodbye lol
We need a conclusion to this nord VPN case! I’m more excited for this than any other video!
Someones been playing halo recently
I keep hearing the Goosebumps intro in all sorts of YouTube videos.
I usually skip the sponsored ads, but holy shit, thats a whole vid in itself
I saw the title and immediately thought: Captain Schettino is a prat
This is the highest quality content I've ever seen on YouTube
When I heard the LTT jingle coming in I thought I was having a stroke
Resident Evil 7 definitely took inspiration from this event.
No more 45 min videos :(
fuck yeah baby
Ngl I kinda want to loot the ship.
I appreciate the MGS 2 alert music
This actually makes cruise ships seem very safe, considering they had to mess up so many things to end up in a disaster like that.
The only person on board who did the right thing was the magician by freeing the assistant.
Watching this on a PC where I wasn't logged in, so I got ads... the one that popped up for me around the seventeen fifteen mark was perfect; a Charmin bear commercial where one is talking about being "totally stranded". Had to login to share that serendipity.
>Lmao xD >not kwkwkwkwk like Indonesian he is
some if not most of the personnel  are filipino's :(
22:43 --- Halo 2.  "Split them up! One in each phantom!"   24:14 -- Halo 3 "They let me pick..."   😍😍😍
The legend is back hope shroud don’t skip the ad
29:18 Please they me no ones inside that spinning stretcher.
you need your own 24/7 channel your content is topnotch *spicy*
Honey wake up, internet historian just dropped a new masterpiece
welcome back king
"Le verità sommerse" means something along the lines of "The unspoken truths", but "sommerse" also means "under the sea"
The American news coverage of this was amazing! They kept calling it "a real life titanic", despite the very real Titanic sinking last century!
Ah... Italians.. how their ancestors ever managed to conquer the world I'll never know. btw classiest nordvpn ad ever.
Ti voglio bene
I'm Italian, this is a god-tier documentary, not even the journalists are this good at reconstruct the events. Hell, I've learned more about the event by watching this video than from the actual media.
This is genuinely my favorite channel on YouTube.
that LTT reference though lol
As an Indonesian, I can confirm that Rusli Bin have appeared in a television program several years ago and some say he also a captain in a ferry ship between Java and Bali now
De Falco is a fucking legend tbf
This episode was amazing!!!!
"So, you are a captain right?" Schettino:"Well no but actually no"
40:27 music pls
HOLY FUCK DUDE
Ok now when mods are sleep. Anyone have link to the secret channels?
LMAO XD-guy who fucked up the whole ship
At 44:50 I thought the video ended and it auto played an LTT video..
I'm loving the use of the Halo music
This is top notch content.
It's finally here! I can't believe it! When I saw this vid in my feed I almost started crying, you're a legend  after watching the vid: Quality is absolutely amazing again..
Please for the love of God make a video on the GME short squeeze
Linus ship tips lmao  Don’t drop the ship
You must hear that every day, but i Just love your Voice.
Schettino was only part of the problem. While his captaining of the ship failed, it was not entirely his fault. The company that's the root cause of all of this got away as if nothing had happened. Schettino only crime was cowardice. The company was the one who employed shady employees that failed the captain. The Italian government is so corrupt, it hurts me deeply. Instead of punishing the real culprit, they used Schettino as a scapegoat. Sure, he was a coward, and partially his incompetence caused the incident, but the company was the one who put him and his subordinate in those positions. They should have been gouged out for that. Gotta say though, Schettino is an amazing charmer.
So you've been playing PUBG lately.
What are the other secret channels?!?! I already subscribe to the live one...i need a sequel to the Sumito horror movie!!!!!!
This doesn’t add anything to the video at all but I’m currently in that “Nex” mall in 25:39 while watching this video
I hope that in the QandA there would be answers to what were the reasons for these 5 peoples jail sentences. 41:46
It is quite surreal to see a mall from my country smacked on top of a cruise ship at 25:40
I like that version of 'my heart will go on', has Symons uploaded it yet?
I am a little upset to hear you won't be making these long form video's anymore but if that means we get more content I'll happily take that compromise.
Wow, the part where he has all the before and after shots of the ship must have been a lot of work.
Other italians watching this video ? 😅 An other really interesting fuct Is that, while the ship was still in the Island, Giglio Island was full of dark turist that where interested at looking at the ship wrech XD
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
Vada a bordo cazzooooooooo
yep, cancelling my appointment, i'm watching this!! Now, i know *everything* is true in this. Even Martin's assistant. Has to be.
The captain sure docks a lot.
nord vpn must be glad for sponsoring
This is kinda ironic because they sunk the opposite way the titanic did. Instead sinking up  they sunk sideways
Mama mia true history
that was the best ad i've ever watched
Bins? About bins?
Cyberbug 1977 video when ??
The Metal Gear Solid 2 music is so fitting
Star Wars: Battlefront 2 next time?
the capitan is pretty based and redpilled if you ask me.
24:15 this part gave me goosebumps
WTF IN THE FUCK, THIS IS LEGIT HILARIOUS 😂😂😂
Why steal the bell? They are usually made of brass. Brass is worth a shit ton in scrap, especially that size. It's heavy yes but just in material value would fetch a nice price depending on how big it was
I am never getting on a boat again.
Eveything was planned by Liquid Ocelot to ruin Snake`s holidays
The fact that people died was actually pretty shocking. Made it harder to laugh at the 2nd half of the video unfortunately. Still a great video as per usual though.
19:07 is that Hornets bossfight music I hear?
What actual twot played my heart will go on on a sinking ship? Like no one said to cut the music?
Wow fucking amazing video dude!
When we need him the most he appear!
Needed that daily dose of Linus ship tips. Gold!
I’m a 3rd Engineer for P&O Costa Concordia is used in every communication and human error presentation ever these guys were morons to say the least
24:12 that's... Bellver Castle in Palma de Mallorca! Normally I hate cruise ships but it's nice to see this foto of my island in one of IH's video! I laughed mi a** off with this one, great job IH.
Such a good channel, love your stuff!
Oscar winning movie. 100 out of 10
why is there so much halo music in this video?
First 9 mins were tense af, well done
Internet historian might not see this comment, but I want to say Internet Historian is the only Youtuber I will check his channel daily for new video.
Dear God ANIMATION
Linus ship tips 🤣
I swear I never skip Internet Historian Ad Time cause its that damn good
The Halo music when first showing the drowned ship is giving me shivers.
Good god your editing is spectacular. Has me laughing start to finish every time. Thank you
This is great!
It’s like Seconds from Disaster but better!
Funnily enough, my sister was supposed to be a masseuse on that cruise ship but she decided not to go 48hrs prior
One of the darkest pages of Italy well explained
I think I love you.
My neighbors were on the Concordia, on the same route the year before it sank. Felt kinda odd to know.
I need me those secret channels, must consume more content
im so excited
4) if you found internet historian live and internet historian green screens before you he told you about them, you are real gamers
I love skipping your ads .
Omg.... the Linus Ship Tips fake intro was hilarious.
On the first dang day?
Umm .. where's the cyberpunk 2077 video ??
PORCODDIO RAGA IL FOMENTO DI VEDEERE IL TG5 SU INTERNET HISTORIAN
Great job! The events are very well researched and the animation is hilarious!
oh yeaa its movie time.. but should i watch it now or when im sitting comfortably and having my meal?
I thought this was a meme thing until I heard "32 people died"
I remember this
The internet historian has become such a good content creator he puts more work into his video then James Charles
LMAO THAT LINUS SHIP TIPS
Great doco and memes
11.000€, not €11,000.
An absolute cinematic masterpiece
What a great day to be italian... Man, your videos are so good I'm crying!
Almost as good as bright sun films doc....almost
Can't wait until 2024
Helping the algo by commenting
The sin city nod was beauty.
I found the cut clang of the bell at the end way, way more funny than I should for some reason.
Ah yes, something from my country, happy spaghetti everybody
I love when people on the internet talk about Italian lore
Aww... no more 40min+ docu videos? This makes me sad. I love this format.
I thought the video was over like 5 times, happy surprises tho
You’re the best
Play video 1.5x or skip it boring and cringy
Spicy this made my day.
I'm not an expert but I'm pretty sure it helps to have everyone on a crew able to speak the same language.
This shit is dope! Subbed!
Dear God Finally, btw this channel way better than the other
Honestly some give this man an Oscar for the best documentary
DUDE HOLY SHIT SLOW DOWN IF YOU MAKE MORE VIDS THEN YOU MAY JUST BURN OUT
30:44  “...I died for the second time...” Those lucky 32 passengers that only had to die once.  Also, is she that upset that she was found out fo be a mistress?  You’re not even the one that is caught cheating.   Why do people love pretending to be being victims?
I've been waiting years.
when the world needed him most he returned
11k Compensation. Holy Shit.
he has RETURNED
I love internet historian's humor along with his delivery
I was waiting for *The Fall of 77* but I'm not disappointed.
Oh shit he uploaded, no way
mfw I get a cruise ship Ad while watching this.  Yeah no fucking thanks XD
DO A CYBERPUNK VIDEOOOOO
I'm actually ashamed that the helmsman is my fellow countrymen. I'm so sorry for his action on and after the disaster, i'm sorry dear italian people.
My sides that ad is too much.
This video specifically had more of a Down the Rabbit Hole vibe to it.
Internet historian is an artist
Your content is now reaching Lemino quality
What's this? A new video? And it dropped while I was bingewatching all the other videos? What a glorious boon this is
I cannot begin to imagine how long this video would of taken to create.  Bravo!
He backkkkkk
I think Captain Crunch could have done a better job
Oh no I love these 40 min videos even if it takes almost half a year to make them
Kind of depressing how such inadequacy was put in charge of that ship.
Youve outdone yourself
40:16 can’t a guy just get a slice of some gabagool?!?
No one will see this but the salieri March at the halfway point got me 🔥
Let's be real, the fact that champagne didn't explode is questionable. Those fuckers are volatile! Not even superstitious and I can see why that could be classified as a bad omen!
Still better than National Geographic.
This shit is world class I really wish the Internet Historian would do an episode on dsp to finally put him down 😂🤣🔥
A masterpiece 😂😂😂
See you all in another 6 months
I have come, i don't know why, but i am
the concordia bells have returned to the oceans, nature is healing
well im on the hunt for those channels.
I was just looking at your channel 9 hours ago wondering when will you upload again and what the fuck
Oh my god I just watched a documentary on this yesterday
Please never stop making these videos
OMG He is Back
Finally a IH video where my country is the main character
Domnica is one serious gold digger.
Who have you a helicopter to film with? Moving up
Incredible job man! I loved every minute of this. You sir are a great filmmaker. Keep up the good work!
RIP Russel Rebello
This is seriously scary
About those "secret channels" I've found internet historian Live, and Internet historian Greenscreen, which I'm pretty sure are "official". There is also Internet Historia Reuploads but I'm not sure about legitimacy of that one.
I know this wasn't as bad as the Titanic but man is it stupider due to it being in modern times.
Most casualties were in the elevators.
Finally he uploads, worth the wait
I can't believe Custard cone cord ear is dead.
Kudos on the spaghetti. As a non-italian amateur cook you did good.
MY HEART WILL GO ON must be on every MUZAK album in the cruise industry.
Any day the Internet Historian uploads a video is a Great Day.
I love the video so far, but Titanic was an ocean liner, not a cruise ship.
Wake up babe, new internet historian video
This video scared the shit out of me. Masterpiece.
I mean I've messed things up before but at least I didn't destroy a 570 million dollar ship. So I've got that going for me.
I lost it at the Linus Shiptips
I was legit on the edge of my seat for the collision. Lol
Getting a new Internet Historian video is like getting present on a Christmas eve
Wish this man could make a video of every major incident this thrilling but we haven't found the fountain of youth yet.
Yo who has the hookup on the secret channels?
The captain kinda reminds me of the captain of the St. Anne from that episode of the Pokemon anime
The rolling blackouts in texas are making me bored. Thanks for uploading
This channel would be better if I ever knew what the fuck this guy was talking about. wtf is Concordia and why is he so weird about it
Hollow Knight and Halo music, a man of class.
The second coming of Christ has finally happened. All bow down to our saviour, the internet historian
We have waited so long for this moment. And it was *well worth it.*
Your movies is masterpieces of documentary.
46 mnt !!! what is this madness...  absolute madlad...
Finly a new video
I'm going to be that Singaporean guy to point out you used the godamn NEX Shopping mall for this video at here 25:40 , fucking genius and love to see something from our country being used as context in this video.
GAMESTOP NEXT PLEASEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its 3:05 am i think ill watch this tomorrow goodnight
35:17 _"What's up guys it's ya boi Asmongold"_ lel
That moment when you know about the secret channels and his Xbox Gamertag
This is where i get my real news.
Great video on a remarkably ‘dry’ topic!
Love it
It’s not history about the internet. He is a historian *on* the internet
I've been waiting for a new video from you for far too long old friend! It's good to have you back.
music choices A1
pshht car seat headrest fan am I right..........
magnificent
Amore😭✨👏🔥👏👏
long have i waited for this
Fyre festival of the ocean.
I always watch my videos at 2× speed. I always slow yours down to 1.25× speed because I want to enjoy your videos for longer
a unexpected surprise but a welcome one at that
The only ad I'll sit through
Brilliant
Oh no bojler eladó
Cool, but a sad cool.
I forgot he existed
for me 9:04 is the best part of the video
omg.. a new Internet Historian Video!
It’s been 8 years since you last uploaded my guy
Another great video, Internet historian never fails to produce top tier content! Well done ❤️
A moment of silent for the 32 <3
"Costa Concordia" - the Cyberpunk of modern seafaring :D
Excuse me. Was that animated mouth movement? I salute you, Mr Historian.
M/S Estonia in 1994. 800 people dead in the Baltic sea. 500 Swedes. Incredibly awful. Proportionally much deadlier than 9/11 for such a small country. Apples and oranges one would think but things are coming up right now making one not so sure. Like real conspiracy-level shit. New dive is being planned right now.
Next time internet historian goes months without uploading: IT'S NOT COMMENSURATE
So cool that you used hollow knight boss music! Great choice
Comment for the greater good 👌👌
What are the hidden channels?
IT’LL TAKE 300 MILLION DOLLARS TO WAKE ME UP TOMORROW
I enjoyed the 45 min videos.
Internet historian uploads: yay It's not the fall of 77: noooo It's internet historian so we know it'll still be good: yaaaay
Nice video, ive been waiting for so long
I fucked up at pretty badly at work today. This guy’s mistakes make me feel so much better. Thank you captain and thank you Internet Historian for uploading
Familiar song, I wonder where its from?
When the ship turned over the owner of the company I worked on at the time was on it. He eventually sold the company and fled the country to avoid child support payments.
More anecdotal evidence of why rich people are vile scumbags that need to be taken care of before they ruin society.
bang bang bang bang bang bang bing bong
yay new vid
This made me truly understand the captain going down with the ship philosophy. Before I always just thought it was stubbornness but no you want a captain who is going to do everything in their power to save the ship (and by extension the lives on it) even to their dying breath. You don't want a captain that jumps ship in the middle of an emergency.
This was extremely huge in Italy for the year following the incident. It’s surreal to see internet historian pull out this story again. Bravo!
Thank you for making delicious spaghetti for a visual gag. I hope you enjoyed that repast as much as we did
wow they actually salvaged it. I am actually surprised they managed to do it.
When it comes to running something with competence. The Italians should just leave these sorts of things to the Germans.
Best ads in the game!
just realized 50 seconds in titanic music was the bgm , im dying of laughter .lmao
@ 25:13 - Every Italian on Earth: *Screams in agony*
He probably changed into a suit so no one would know he’s the captain.
this was good, yessss doood
secret channels you say?
When I heard Hornet from Hollow Knight come on I was instantly jazzed. Good choice.
please, just a Nord VPN movie
Saw the explanation of this incident in another YouTube video. Pretty interesting to see it in a meme format
Here before 10 million views
He finally found his password again hooray!!
I though it was Sewol.
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
Hollow knight music. Nice
NO! ME WANT 45 MINUTE LONG VIDEO ON $GME! ME NO WANT LOUSY 15 MINUTE LONG VIDEO ON $GME! GRRR
Oh god, the fucking concordia
So what you’re saying is... 🚢 = 💥
Wonder if those secret channels are even real.
I love hearing more videos. I love the 45 min epics, but more videos is more satisfying. Just do a throwback now and again! Second channel is def good but this channel is pure gold my dude!
I know it was for the meme, but hearing that Halo 3 music play at 24:12 over images of the giant abandoned ship gave me goosebumps from eons past
Every story told by this channel engages me to the maximum level I love this type of journalism
What an absolute clusterfuck of a disaster. So many lives lost from general negligence and stupidity.
I swear internet historian is probably the only Youtuber who put that much efforts for a youtube video, and I respect that.
I want those postcards
Classic Italians
I’m new here and I’m already liking this shit 😅
14:02 why is there the indian flag lol nice easter egg
Oh lord, the ost of this shitfest is fire.
AMAZING!
We've been waiting for you
Finally. Another video from my favorite historian of the internet. The Internet Historian.
I love how the first half of the video is a (mostly) serious retelling of the disaster and then the second half was a typical Internet Historian video covering some of the more batshit insane elements of the disaster.
good shit
Never thought I'll hear Hornet's theme in an Internet Historian video lol
I want more 45 minutes videos though this was great
Fucking deserved.
How does he never miss
Amazing
The halo score over the wreaked ship is * chefs kiss *
Spicy
Imperial Units? Disdainful!
I’m going to miss these long production videos 😿
Plz do the Great Short Squeeze. Gamestop Stock WSB vs. Hedgefund
i can not put in words how much i love your videos
What would you do if you met the captain of the ship on the day it  crashed?? I would beat him istg.
Song at 28:55?
I laughed every single clip of the Concordia blowing up.
Imagine being a looter waiting for your diver to come back to the boat and they pop out of the water yelling "I grabbed us some Don Julio!!"
I know it was only like two seconds of a 47 minute video, but the “Beyblade Beyblade” part had me ROLLING
cruise ships are gay ocean liners are where its at
This channel cures depression. I am serious.
I'm kinda sad, i was hoping a 45 minutes video on Cyberpunk 2077.
Mmm dat use of MGS music. This is just what I needed before bed.
What happened to the lady in the magician's box?
The captain crashed the Concordia oh no! *video is only 8 minutes in" OH NO!
6 midrolls huh
Dude, so a Cyberpunk 2077 video! 🙏
God bless you for this content.  Or Satan.  Okay both.
9 minutes in and loving it so far! You never fail to amaze Historian, your vids are worth the wait every time!
When are we getting something on gamestop. I know you could make a period drama out of it.
Pirates of the Caribbean is not how I remembered
43:47 thats my home town vernon. :P
Had me on the edge of my seat while "CALLING ALL UNITS" was playing during the lead up to the crash! Forever a classic in this heister's heart! Made me wonder where my Raven Shotgun and Chicago Typewriter SMG were.
This was so interesting, didn’t know that one thing I vaguely remember being on the news a few years ago was actually entertaining.  [edit]- I really like the 45 minute videos, please don’t scrap them entirely! Maybe one every now and again huh dad?
The incompetence of the staff is absolutely astounding.
Ahhh so hyped your back with a vid!
Awww no more of these videos on the main. I really like these long formats. It's super interesting listening to you, and basically the only 30+ minute videos I can watch without losing interest for a little bit
He can't pronounce Horváth Zsolt. What a looser... Am I right fellow magyar polgártársak?
You won't believe me, but I was on a trip on this ship right before it sunk
Learn more history like this then from school.
"I'm high off the people."
The channel password has been found!
Breh if someone sail by saluted my house I'd unload a clip in their ship and watch it dip.   Actually. What caliber would even effect a ship?
So what you're telling me, is that Michael Scott was the captain.
6:22 lmao
46:47 0:01
Anyone got a timestamp for the ad?
This entire ship was crewed by Sims? Yeah, I can tell you exactly why they had language comprehension problems.
So basically, they ran aground because rich people wanted to flex.
they wouldn't....... cheaty ol' petey...... would they?
Today's going to be a good day :)
25:17😂😂
... & Luca Magnotta was the ships resident DJ.
41:28 this made my day
Top tier content
you did again Internet Historian
Are we sure that the character Lindsay Bluth wasn't based on Dominica Cemortan?  Helping to sink a ship, lying to the media, not making sense, becoming an activist, getting arrested...  Sounds like the story of a wealthy family and the one son that had no choice but to keep them all together.
Omg, as an italian this brings back memories
It took me awhile to realize the gravity of the situation, I tried to ignore it, but it followed me, Internet Historian uploaded.
Anyone else red the ''Linus shiptips'' as '' Linus Shittips ''  ??
Gotta love the person who decided to play "My Heart Will Go On" on an extremely expensive ship that can only take 2 ports being torn open just like the Titanic
41:30 42:11
Guess you could say that the guy with the language barrier, _sank_ out of the public eye
This is pretty wild
SPICY.
You really outdid yourself with this one holy shit
Did historian just confess that he stole the bell?!
I'm totally ignorant here, so can someone tell me: couldn't people just have jumped out of the boat and swam to shore?
Love your work! Thx for this!
16:47 it's a well known rule to never trust someone with goblin ears.
I love the history channel
I fucking love this channel
I absolutely love this
I just hate that they told everyone its fine. no matter what, everyone will need to get off as you know you have flooding so why not get them off asap?
man, what a journey that was
Spicyyyyy
Reminds me of similar accident, Sewol Ferry.
In my language, Skatina means cattle/beast and is used as an insult. So hearing the internet historian name the captain Schettino just makes it so much funnier XD
Mama Mia
I gat the feeling that the Historian is genuinely ANGRY with the incompetence of this "captain" and his crew....
When your lips moved at 2:11 I nearly died. Don't scare people like that!
Fuck I was trying to go the bed early IH
"Linus ShipTips" killed me. Bravo sir.
The Linus Tech Tips bit made me do a spit take.
Did you really just cook a whole pot of spaghetti just for that shot?
Last time I was this early Internet Historian: Incognito was still your main channel.
I never understood the fact the generators and other important devices are in the same place that are  design to hold water Incase of a flood
what an amazing video
FINALLY! you mad mad man <3
Idk what a concordia is, but I'll be damned if I dont watch through the entire 46 minute video
"lets go very close to the shore, i mean what could go wrong, right?"
26:58  “...buyer to collect.”  Nice one.
was totally expecting a GAME STONK vid.
Ah yes finally another documentary historian
Yesterday, in my drunken stuper I  asked myself "where tf is internet historian, his videos gave me absolute clarity" then God himself came down from the heavens and answered my prayers
Holy shit Gran Turismo soundtrack. Now that's something I haven't heard in a long time. Thank you IH.
Your videos are always a joy to watch. Keep up the good work!
HE IS BACK
VIDEO QUALITY IS GETTING SO GOOD
What happened to the girl inside the magic box? Did she die?
Actually, the few minutes at the end didn't do much justice to the actual refloating of the ship
Wait those boxes used for the saw in half trick don't come with a way to open from the inside? That seems like a huge safety risk
I'm going to miss these longer videos
But Moooooom i like the 45 min. videos of Internet Historian!! >:v
Surprised you weren't sponsored by Bridge wallet for this 🥸
This is too high budget. I need more jank. But it was great nevertheless <3
👉🤌
The prodigal son returns.
Best ad reads on YouTube.
I think what gets me mad the most is that he lied.
I want more, or I'm giving you so many settlement quests that you'll drown in them.         It's not a pun, please don't send me to Spectacle Island again.
soon he's gonna run out ways to say "add time"
This captain looks like Todd Howard to me.
Absolutely brilliant, the history of Costa Concordia and everything around is absurdly ridiculous. I can tell is is already the best video of 2021
The amount of effort that must have gone into this video is insane, I can't reference my Uni essays properly but this guy can give me the hour, minute and second of when an obscure ship sank
I always get excited when you upload
Pogg
Amazing
wake up babe he uploaded
Attenzione questo video può causare flashback (solo per italiani)
The halo music is the best part
Always a treat when Internet Historian uploads
Your video on the Trump disaster will be your magnum opus.
Hand reveal!
Do Fallout Frontier.
Amazing as usual. Cyberpunk 2077 soon.
Still writting cyberpunk 2077 script
LMAO, I was playing a game while listening then the LTT music comes on, I thought the video ended and it was auotplay .
I love the "what happened captain?"
Says at the beggining that the cost of concordia is $570 million that was a quick video see you guys in the next one
WHERE ARE THE SECRET CHANNELS
This is both the most based and most detailed account of the Cost o' Concordia.  Thank you, Bruce!
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR HAS UPLOADED AGAIN
A cinematic masterpiece
"shut the fack up!" LOL
I was eating chicken/rice and when you said "Hold on I'm reversing - beep, beep, beep" I honestly started choking from laughter
Never did I think Hornet by Christopher Larkin from Hollow Knight would ever be used in an Internet Historian video
43:58 Linus is everywhere!
I saw that piece of shits face and knew exactly what this videos about.
570 mil to build this boat and u can't afford a proper crew
Glad to see you're still doing well.
Well made video as always.
That was worth the wait
HES BACK
Brilliant.   Pour a little liquor out for the fucking Concordia.
The 30 deaths popped out of nowhere
When Hornet OST plays: The Hollowknight fandom is like ree im free 19:08
This is the best 46 minutes and 48 seconds of my life
Hysterical and riveting. 10/10 would do again.
Internet Historian easily has the best commercials on youtube
he just photoshopped the cigarette to nordvpnman's nose lmao
Good to know that a 100 million dollar ship company cheaped out on command
That Linus Ship Tips got me.
10:46 had a mini stroke
Loved the Halo music honestly
lie nus tik tips
27:53 got me good
This man really put "Luck" from the Halo 3 OST smack in the middle of this movie, acting like it wasn't gonna make anybody sad.
Your videos have gotten better and better. Watching them is comparable to sitting around a campfire and hearing someone tell a great story.
Better than titanic
28:48 lmao
How did the Internet not catch up with this earlier?
I was just waiting for the Uncharted 3 scene. You did not disapoint.
thank you for not using annoying youtubers to star in this. That guy who looked like John Snow was okay though
Awesome narrator
Do you take a vacation with grade and jontron every time one of you uploads?
I see you with that Halo music homie. Great vid
Is that a music from Payday 2 ?
As far as editing goes, this is the greatest video yet!
QUICK!!  Play some soothing music to calm everyone down!     "say no more fam!  i got you"
Who tf this campt try to impress? Locals doest like it, and the passenger couldn't tell the distance.
Bro the linus ship tips just killed me
Señor Chad McZealand Himself The Third Von Liechtenstein, hath posted.
24:22 This has nothing to do with anything, but that dilapidated chandelier looks like something straight out of a giant spider monster's boss room.
in b4 reactors
I can’t wait for the wall street bets/ GME stock video
Found the password
Ok this was a good video, but I feel like it's not really super appropriate to make a video like this about a situation that people died in. That's why I disliked
Didn't know that corruption was this bad in Italy.
The before and after pictures give off heavy portal 2 vibes
I like how the indonesian helmsman just dips  to another country even though all they wanted was a testimony
Another greatly entertaining video to soothe my boredom. Thank you wonderful internet historian man.
Only The Internet Historian would go through the effort of creating 37 unique Ship Explosion scene transitions for our entertainment
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
If every documentary, no matter how serious the topic, is delivered like this, I would be sooo happy.
43:51
Cyberpunk 2077 👀👀👀
Thank you for posting on my birthday :)
25:12 Damn dude that looked like some good spaghetti. :(
Stede would run that coward captan through
I love the sims 4 characters
LINUS SHIP TIPS! This video is next level!
so who's watched it twice already 👀
The addition of the hollow knight ost just took this from gold to platinum in my book
Misleading title, should be named “how to make 46 minutes go faster than my wife”
Wow, I follow you since years and  it was totally unexpected (I actually live in grosseto, in the same province of the accident site, and I remember it like it was yesterday) You perfectly pictured the absurdity of the disaster. Btw the memes that follow this were great.
YES NEW YES
How dooooooo you do it?
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
This should give you a good idea about how things are done regularly in Italy, shady shit included, especially amongst politicians. We had a pornstar who was rumored to bang horses at the head of a political party in the 90's.
Meter, not feet.
The amount of MGS and Halo music in this video warms my heart. Just sad that the people in charge were so incompetent.
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!
i would absolutely steal the big bell
To this day for italians this is source of national and global shame.   Good thing I'm legging it from here.
I'm italian and we never had this kinda of information from the media this is incredible
Ahhh what are the secret channels
It really crazy how in 15-20 years these videos will still be around, and will probably be the best and most entertaining overall stories of many historic events of this generation. You are the one writing the history down and for that we thank you!
Every second of your video is full of content  that I find myself skipping back 5-10 secs to ensure I've not missed anything.
*SPICY*
Lolol loving the video and the use of the sims 4
I would love to watch a video of "My heart will go on" playing in the restaurant during this shitfest
I listen to these stories while I work
I don't deserve you guys, I skip ads😧
I've always found it weird how the damage from a ship hitting a rock or iceberg is akin to being hit by a torpedo.
The fashion video isn't new, I've been bamboozled!
We demand to know the fate of the magician's assistant. Did she make it out?
Newspaper and TV had also speculated a more direct link between schettino and the organized criminality, this would help understand why i got promoted in the first piace and second, it explain how captain de falco could be demoted after his work. Btw, recover the original audio from the call between schettino and de falco, its a masterpiece. "Vada a bordo cazzo" its now a wide spread expression  in italy, its pretty rude:)
I mean sure I was 11 when this happened was in California but how did I not hear about this at all? Like this seems like a pretty big deal that most people would know about
I still find the craziest part of this whole story how much game that coward has.
History is one long a$$ funny story.
Halo soundtrack is perfect.
WHERE ARE THE SECRET CHANNELS DON'T DO THIS TO ME
me: i'll just be sneaky and skip the ad youtube: haha no here's a 5 second ad you cheater
fucken saw that ad coming a mile away you sly bastard
I legit thought this was a typo
Gotta appriciate the Hollow Knight Silksong music.
I thought he lost the password to channel but he was working on this amazing video
Another banger of a video! good job man!
Fucking weird man! I've been obsessed with maritime disasters for awhile now! Get out of my head!
How the heck were these people ever in charge? Unbelievable!
Hey Michal here. How close can drive by a rock?
I know its hard to give comedy to tragedy in alot of cases, but this is definitely one of my favorite videos (both commedicaly and informative). I would love to see more videos like this.
As an Australian my self, you are the only Australian youtuber I can actually listen too without wanting to rip my hair out.
not enough ads in this video. i’m saying this seriously
This halo music makes this documentary 10x better
Where are the secret channels. where
You have effectively, made one of the BEST bridge resource management videos EVER. your video will be used by maritime training organizations around the world, guaranteed, and thank fuck for that, because most BRM training videos are a bowl of fuck-off, and you can barely stay awake. This literally touches all primary subjects regarding shitty bridge resource management, and is 100% engaging towards its audience. Well done!
fuck yes, just the perfect sequel to pirate stories.
I thought you just moved to your second channel lol
It's been a hot minute
it's been 2 minutes and I'm already laughing because of the dates.
This catastrophe just makes me angry, incompetence all around, neither captain nor helmsman should ever have been given the jobs they got. That captain made so stupid decisions that fucker murdered 32 people. But he got just punishment. He should have been fired before that incident even happened. I hate people being incompetent when they are in charge of peoples lives
"is it still flooded?" - captain of sinking ship
Im cool with shorter videos, but is certain topics just gonna be in just parts then? if they go over the 15 mark?
I've told so many friends to watch your videos and calling them masterpieces.  Ten minutes is not enough for a masterpiece.
Holy shit 21 minutes in and I keep still saying "there is no way this can get any worse" followed by something even worse...
This was a art. I'm supposed to be working and I couldn't look away.  I remember listening to the translation of di Falco shouting at Schetttino again and again when it was reported on the BBC, it was glorious
Is it just me, or does the music at 28:19 sound like the music from Dead Island?
Years to build. Thousands of hard-working builders. Hundreds of the world's best and smartest engineers building and designing this ship. An ignorant captain and a few hours erase it all in one go.
Eyeballing stuff is the besy job a capitan with no exp can do. Lets not forget the usles jargen when he is capitaning.." turn swat to porn, 4168 sturma"
I was in the Costa Magica when that happened. we where looking at the screen where you can see in real time all the Costa Float. the only one that wasent there was the Concordia
Omg a new video
Okay that NordVPN ad was the best from all the videos
Internet Historian slowly becomes an actual Historian.
I love all the sim 4 faces😫✋
Internet historian a true legend of his time
Dude this is art and legit informative. I fucking love this channel.
Yesss. The king is back
You beautiful bastard, great content as always.
I wanted more furries
Do this, but with Chernobyl
Why is no one talking about the hidden channel
All that money to build the ship and such an incompetent crew
As a naval officer, hearing about this captain’s stupidity at the beginning caused me serious pain, but then internet historian saved the day by nailing the conning orders 👌
Yay a main channel vid hope you’re having a good day
I heard the faint soundtrack of Gran Turismo 3:45... love it
I feel like you're trying to force me into a cult.
is there a movie about this ... because i think this should have a movie
Cruise ship: crashes   People with access to scuba gear: *it's free real estate*
Linus Ship Tips! Classic
I have always LOVED the Costa Concordia. Such a gorgeous ship. So glad your doing a video on her <3
I'm here just to hear all the horribly pronounced italian names
Holy crap. I thought the Ronai lawyer was gonna end up as the scammer and did not expect him to be the hero in that scenario. Hats off to him.
Next Time On Internet Historian: The Hall Of Cost.
But what happened to the woman in the magic trick box?
THATS THE WORST PIRATE I HAVE EVER SEEN
I love Dead Island so much...
I was re-watching The Virus this morning and thought “when will internet historian past again??” And my prayers have been answered
The lead up to the collision was genuinely suspenseful
One hell of a story told by one hell of a men. Thank you very much Harold for this.
Damn did the captain changed into a suit bevor leaving ship so he wont be recognized? What a dick move
I can just imagine someone pulling their phone out and rating Costa 2 stars
Wait what happened to the girl that was locked inside the magic leg chest thing?!
He's back and he's better than ever
Man you don't even know how much this was ment for me. I was just watching a bunch of ship wrecks a couple days ago and I watched some things on this ship. Now getting the full history.
1905 oh. HAHAHAHA I lost it!
Imagine killing 30+ people and not getting life
That fcking language barrier costed him 570 millian dollas.
historian looks like a boomer who would go on lots of Cruise's
And mfs wonder why everyone else is scared of cruises
I finally understand why Captains are supposed to go down with the ship. If you mess up big time, it'd be better to go down than to face ridicule lol.
this tragic shit just turns into a fucking meme
SPICY
That Halo 3 intro music about halfway, excellent choice. In fact an excellent video all round. Here i was expecting your next video to give CDPR the biggest dressing down they've ever received and you deliver one better.
Watching the vtuber type thing speak is absolutely horrifying
Very good video!
Finally
2 Fast 2 Furious: Giglio Drift
35:01 *SKULLGIRLS MUSIC POOOOOG!*
jesus, that LTT intro hurt my brain.
Ai Crai eviritaim in spaghetti alla carbonara. Schettino did nozin vrong. He inadvertitely cause a Titanic Just to IMPRESS (in italiano "fare arrapare") a mignottona.
Me at 18:51: Whoa, everythings falling apart. Looks like the story's reaching its climax. Video Length: 46 minutes and 48 seconds Me: Oh no
Holy shit this is genuinely immersive I’m having a blasting afternoon. Great fucking job mate.
I like how the "Australian Guy" is Russell Coight
*LINUS SHIP TIPS*
[Verse 1] I used to like the mornings I’d survived another night I’d walk to breakfast through the garden See the flowers stretching in the sunlight  Now I wake up in the mornings And all the kindness is drained out of me I spend hours just wincing And trying to regain some sense of peace  [Chorus] If only I could sustain my anger Feel it grow stronger and stronger It sharpens to a point and sheds my skin Shakes off the weight of my sins And takes me to heaven  [Verse 2] I stay up late every night Out of some general protest But with no one to tell you to come to bed It’s not really a contest  And maybe you think I’ll learn from my mistake But not this time It’s just gonna break me  [Chorus] If only I could sustain my anger Feel it grow stronger and stronger It sharpens to a point and sheds my skin Shakes off the weight of my sins And takes me to heaven  [Bridge] And if I’ve lost you for good Could there have been any other way? Was the water filling up for years Or did I wreck it all in a day?  I’m going to bed now I’ve sunk into my sorrows And it’ll take three hundred million dollars To get me up tomorrow  I won’t go down with this ship I will put my hands up and surrender There will be no more flags above my door I have lost, and I always will be  [Breakdown] It was an expensive mistake It was an expensive mistake My horse broke his back to get me here I have his blood on my hands for no reason But what was I supposed to do? How was I supposed to know how to use a tube amp? How was I supposed to know how to drive a van? How was I supposed to know how to ride a bike without hurting myself? How was I supposed to know how to make dinner for myself? How was I supposed to know how to hold a job? How was I supposed to remember to grab my backpack after I set it down to play basketball? And how was I supposed to know how to not get drunk every Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and — why not — Sunday? (How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship?) How was I supposed to know how to steer this ship? How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship? It was an expensive mistake You can’t say you’re sorry and it’s over I was given a body that is falling apart My house is falling apart And I was given a mind that can't control itself (And what about the pain I’m in right now?) And I was given a ship that can't steer itself (And what about a vacation?) And what about a vacation to feel good? My horse broke his back and left me here How was I supposed to know? And God won’t forgive me And you won’t forgive me Not unless I open up my heart And how am I supposed to do that When I go to this same room every night And sleep in the same bed every night? The same fucking bed With the red comforter with the white stripes And the yellow ceiling light that makes me feel like I’m dying This sea is too familiar How many nights have I drowned here? How many times have I drowned? (How many times have I drowned?)  [Chorus] I give up I give up  [Verse 3] Let us take you back to where we came in We were united, an undivided nation We got divided, it was something inside us And it was not us  We were so naive, we were just like animals Told what to believe by the beasts who took control We wanted control too, but that was normal  'Cause our life was one of survival The decisions we've made, if you can call it deciding With your life on the line, it'd be social suicide to change your mind  So we got mad and we split the scene Now we download all of our shit for free It's the new economy, we have nothing to offer and we sleep on trash  [Chorus] I give up I give up  [Verse 4] Let us take you back to where you came in A man clinging to the cliff of revelation So scared of what he would find, he started crying "It was not me"  Stopped at the borderline, they stripped his disguise So he read a book that won a Pulitzer prize It was about death It didn't help He saw himself in it  And he was disturbed at the conclusions it led to But he couldn't say what because the author was dead too And so though he made fun of us, he has now become one of us  [Chorus] I give up I give up I give up I give up  I give up I give up I give up  [Outro] And you wake up trembling From a dream where I swam into the river I reach out and hold you in my arms I love you, I love you, I love you
Oh, people outside of Italy know about this? Damn (The mispronounciation of all the names is hilarious)
hold your horses, a security guard turn captain. I can foresee what gonna happen...
Hollow Knight music? Nice.
now now wheres the fun
I love these videos so much lol
Fransesco Schettino wanted 16 Times the detail
Lol schattino does sound like the russian word skatina, which means brute animal/ cattle  and I think its really fitting for him
He's back!!!!! POGGGGGG
Schetino Bonnet " Balloon Boy"  Fyre
this is crazy I have just recently watched titanic a total of 6 times back to back and now this comes
I love Halo so much...
Me: "This seems like a good time to go to bed." Internet historian: "I'm gonna end this mans whole career."
That bell is hanging over Paul McCartney's bass
My body is ready.
19:10 hollow knight?
The biggest youtube crossover yet...
46:00 Lmao he added the droppping sound
Awesome video! Now I know what I have to do if I join the Navy!
OMG I love these documentary videos! Always a great watch!
30:17 Oh my god they were roomates
the linus shiptips got me harder than it should of
Damn these long videos were my favorite ones on the channel. Long watchers take another L
As an Italian, "VADA A BORDO, CAZZO!" was sheer humor in a disaster
"You don't have power to the rudder, let alone the engine. You gonna hoist the sails?" only almost 15 mins in but that has to be the best line lmao
I hope you do occasionally return to these long videos. I know they're a lot of work, but I love them too much
Havent watched it yet but im going into this already knowing the story and boy am i excited
Man you’re hitting me right in my anger receptors when I hear about people like this captain who have risen to high status while being incompetent and awful, then is given just huge benefits even when everyone knows he’s awful he’s out living the high life for 5 years and I bet after he’s out he still has enough to retire comfortably. It’s just disgusting. And obviously yeah the company. Hope they all burn
Ship Crash Investigations is a great show
Going to miss these 45 min long videos felt like a movies comes out when I see them pop up
Go ahead and zip me those deets straight from that spaghetti
the halo 3 music sells this video tbh
43:52 Oh My God LMAO
This is genuinely the best channel on YouTube right now. The quality of each video is phenomenal and the production is immaculate. This channel is the very definition of quality over quantity.
Your voice is so sultry and sarcastic. I never even want to see what your face actually looks like. You are beautiful just the way you are, Internet Historian. Thank you for another compelling story.
fucking finally
ah yes, the walmart version of the titanic story
Yo Asmon you've been finally acknowledged.
the prophecy is true. He released another video.
But I like 30minutes or more videos.
Greatest Youtuber Ever
i commend you for sitting through drama alert just to get those audio clips for that single bit.
Keep going! You're good! You're good! You're good! You're good! You're good! You're good! Aaaannnnd stop! Don't worry Captain we'll buff out those scratches!
Finally!!!!   I’ve been waiting so long!!!!!!
Aw hell yeah
In addition to a legend-dairy video, that also has to be the best ad for Nord VPN I’ve ever seen
24:45 "Because you had something they didn't... Can you guess? ... Luck."
I could cry. I love you.
He finally remember his password lads
Is costa concordia rip off titanic lol
dIvErSiTy Is OuR gReAtEsT sTrEnGtH
20:00 imagine having such a chad as your deputy mayor
The Italian Captain switches sides and joined the Forces of the Sea
That payday 2 music when the initial crash was trying to be averted was actually intense af
Anyone notice the music from Halo @ 23:00?
Was that the MGS soundtrack followed by the dead space soundtrack?
Oh man this is so good.
What a shit show. But im thankful for a new Historian Video.
secret channels huh?
Please do Cyberpunk77.
When internet historian uploads the world rejoices
I’m happy a new video is out but sad that another one won’t come for months.....
To think...the cost of the ship could have lifted millions of Americans out of poverty. 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♂️ Big Oof.
Y'know I'm beginning to think you weren't even on the ship
“Oh god not again” Got me good there
I'm proud that an Indonesian is involved in this clusterfuck.
you've gone from being a historian of the internet to a historian on the internet
I strongly object to losing the 45 minute videos. My vote, which is worth nearly 20 votes on newgrounds, is that you keep making at least a couple a year. it's too damn good. Zion, HEAR ME
I didn’t know that old man face was a meme, I really thought that was your face. Not the animated one here, in your other ones
The explosion title scene's are made me laugh.
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Linus Ship Tips had me dying.
Another epic episode
Whoa whoa...  He’s uploaded.
its nice to see a new video on the main channel again
I am expecting a Cyberbug 2077 from Internet Hostorian.. But nvm, i'll take everything he offer.
40:30 , should've read that as 'Ad time' 😩
Its a blessing from god
Scuba diving to loot a half sunken cruise ship sounds sick though, you gotta admit
halo 3's music is so fucking good
I've learned more history from internet historian than my school
Omg omg guys it's happened! IH has uploaded to the main!
An upload in the main channel wtf??? What kind of miracle is this
Omg I died hard at "Sponson (n) Def: arm floaties for a ship"
Fuck you for giving me feels at the beginning IH ;;w;;
I got off work to this notif and I've never been more excited
Damn, that Halo soundtrack came outta nowhere! Great choice.
Thank u This made my day
Please relitigate the whole trial.
Dio bestia che figura di merda (translation: so proud to be italian!)
The Payday 2 OST really did the tension, good shit as always IH
me when a new video comes out on this channel "Boss, I'm taking the day off, gotta watch the new Internet Historian video" Boss - "Don't worry, I'm taking a day off too for this"
31:32 oh no she is from my country fuckk
Internet historian uploaded. Gonna be a good day
that was spicy
I feel like I need to pay for this quality
All these things going wrong at once sure was a cohencidence. 🤔
I love the fact that you used Halo music in your video
Hidden channels?
amazing video
commensurate
masterpiece!
"Some Australian guy even made a listing for the ship itself, advertising it as 'buyer to collect'."  God, I love this country.
Moral of the story: don't hire a shit captain
Wait, no more 45 min videos? But they're amazing!
a
Right as you said some Australian guy i got an ad for Weet-Bix
Your storytelling skills are next level.
I am an easy Italian. I see IH publish a video, I instalike it :)
8:59 who is the man in the blue jumpsuit
31:40 The only way Cemortan will be in prison if she pumped and dumped on Putin’s Stonks, not causing the captain to kill 30+ people, billions in damages, and ruining everyone’s lives on board...                                                                          I see she supports wamen’s rights, here’s your extra “Get Out Jail” card.
It’s like the stars themselves aligned, and decided to stop being cryptic and mystical and straight up said “yo this is a bad idea don’t do it stop it.” to try and stop these events
38:32 Can I get sauce on that song, it sounds like a banger. Brings me back to early 2000s rock.
It says something when you watch the "ad time" twice.
Ok. Now we want Gamestop !
I’m dying laughing at the Helmsman dude peacing out and fucking right off outta the country. I think the people hiring the wrong people need the worst punishment.
I'll be damned if I ever go on a cruise.
when the harbormaster is conspicuous!
As an Indonesian myself, I have to say what Jacob did was not surprising at all.
Why do they have the motors down there though? Should they be up so on case the boat crashes nothing happens to them?
@26:20 did they have a buyer? Did they have have the means to smelt it down? What did they do with it?
The Payday 2 music absolutely nailed it lol
You might say that the longer videos aren't as good, but imma be real when I say I found myself more enraptured by this video than any feature length film to come out in the past several years
Is 16 years the maximum penalty there in Italy? Maybe it's like here in Argentina where max prison time is 20 years.
So, an animated Costa Concordia movie, where a giant squid saves the ship, when?
T H E    D E E T S
[ This comment has been censored by The Party for your safety ]
How the fuck this channel is under 3 million sub.  Youtube is unfair
@24:20 uses "Luck" from Halo 3 to show the damage after mentioning the Last Survivors!
I always wanted to see the "not-italian" view on this particular incident. Or any incident that happens in this shit-hole. so... Morandi Bridge When?
The interior of the vehicle at 10:23 is an Audi A4 2006. Incase anyone is dying to know this.
Props to the coast gaurd politician guy.
22:40 Bro, I love you for using music from Halo! Absolutely epic. I'm pretty sure that is from CE.
Apparently repeatedly ramming a several hundred million dollar ship into a port isn't a problem in Italy if you know the right people XD
I love metal gear so much...
My fiancé got me to watch Titanic for the first time just the other night, and coincidentally it made me remember this incident, and then Internet Historian makes a video 😂 commenting before watching, I’m sure this will be a good watch as always!
Yay a vid ❤
Were getti g for the moon story
Today is a good day
This is like the Chernobyl of cruise ships
lmfao 40:23 is a clip from like 2 blocks from my house in Hamilton, Ontario... Random AF
The animation at 2:12 scared the shit out of me
Jesus you set it up like the magician was gonna accidentally kill one of his assistants
I can’t wait for the fallout frontier video
45 minute videos are not bad!!! please don't stop!!!
omg this i the true italian dream
Indonesians...
What are these hidden channels?
Pls do more 45 minute youtubes 🙏🏻 we don’t mind
Finally!
Dominica is an example of why modern feminism is a failure of a movement.
amazing video,  see you next year, love u
That Halo music tho
10/10 yes
The captain spoke to the harbourmaster like I speak to my parents about my grades.
*Ship is litteraly bending sideways* Cruise Directors: "eVeryThing Is fiNe, rEturN to YouR rOomS"
humans are funneh when thei panik :)
ngl the halo music was distracting
BRO INTERNET HISTORIAN HAND REVEAL WOOOOOOO
I never noticed this but sims characters seems to depict incompetence the best
Did no one else notice him throwing in random Halo music lol
That Keemstar edit was pure gold
Wait i remember this
Good showman SHIP.
I will miss long video like these, but since you put so much effort into these videos I am happy to see them either way.
My heartbeat actually sped up when I saw this video in my notifications today, I needed this that badly.
*Ship captain is hiding with the usage of the night*  Plays "Under the cover of the night"
I love all the Breaking Bad references lol
My man's been replaying some halo.
I was very thrown off and unsettled by the new mouth animations but I'm slowly starting to like them.
finally
Can't wait to watch this again with Shroud lmao.
Rejoice for we have been given another Internet Historian video.
It's been 84 years.
35:00 Is that Skullgirls music? In my Internet Historian video? Fuckin great taste dude
Will the 2nd channel still feature longer videos but at a reduced rate?
I encourage everyone to listen to tbe conversaton between the captain and the coast guard officer. It's hilarious and infuriating at the same time.
Captain: Actually I slipped and I felt into one of the lifeboats...
Omg
i constantly laughed at the ship explosions
Praise be, for the messiah has returned
No more 45 minute long videos?  Aawww.. :(
Is that...Halo music at 24:10??
Dont think I didnt notice you using Halo 2 ambient music at 23:00. Nice touch
23:24 middle
Tonight on Top Boat, we put 3 men who speak different languages to be the captain of a cruise ship.
"From here we have only mainstream news reports to rely on so it's not going to be super accurate."
The Halo soundtrack was a phenomenal choice!
How tf did this guy only get 16 years
Can you do a video about chaz please
Haha, didn't see Shenmue coming.
Thank good for this, I almost committed suicide while waiting.
That's what you get when you hire a third-worlder as a helmsman.
Noticed the hk music at 19:29. Nice
30:48 ohhhhh noooooooooooo
Props to the linus ship tips ⛴
No you don't understand I watch the costa concordia documentaries at least once a week I am obsessed this is the best day of my life
Internet historian hands reveal????
That ship straight up looked like it had come out of Wall-E after it had been unsubmerged.
Costa Concordia would've been better with Jeremy Clarkson at the helm.
* He CaN’t KeEp GeTtInG AwAy WiTh It *
This Titanic level ship crash was brought to you by NORDVPN!  43:51 Nice... :P
Nice take on a certain movie soundtrack :-)
can't wait for the inevitable GameStonks video
46min of internet historian video   *BRING IT ON*
29:47 Kinda iffy about what "The Australian" usually reports. They have earned a bit of a reputation for shitty journalism in Oz along with Rupert Murdoch's other News Corp papers.
I came for the Halo music
God I love how you upload long videos, legitimately my favorite YouTuber on the platform.
HE IS BACK, THE LORD IS BACK
Hornets Theme does wonders in this video
Man, this hits so close to home
"Who steals a big fuck off bell?" Me: <.< >.>
How tf do you collide twice and have a job long enough to captain another ship?
Dont make me learn! Go back to making meme history videos
Excellent production, editing, humor, and story-telling. Internet Historian proves he isn't limited to just internet documentaries. Thank you for your hard work!
That effing mouth game me PTSD
The Hotline Miami 2 soundtrack is  making me anxious ... in a good way.
In the words of a wise Italian mafioso “non ficcare mai il cazzo in pazzo” (go ahead GOOGLE translate THAT!)
"Who steals a giant fuck off bell" who wouldn't given the chance to?
As someone who was on this Costa Concordia in the water crash I can tell you Internet Historian is very strong for biting on this spicy Italian meatball.
25:11 Can we just take a moment to appreciate The Historian's dedication to a bit?
That Halo music though 👀
Nice Skull Girls music at 35:00
The editing on this reminds me of frisky dingo. Its freakin great
I didn’t believe it when I saw it.. but it’s true. And on the main channel.
very good boss
This goes to show, simping destroys lives
Finally new video, i wonder how many times i might rewatch this
The fuckin sims faces on the people
This is so Italian
very op
So how many people were in the control room and nobody else thought to take control of helm from the guy with the language barrier issue. The language barrier issue they knew he had.
Bogdanov saying dump it will never fail to get a laugh from me. Anyone have a quick run down on that guy?
:  /
TORNI A BORDO, CAZZO
The production quality went up again I see
As an Italian, I can guarantee you that everybody hates Schettino
This isn't internet history. This is just history.
The fall of 77! You know you want to!!!
The amount people use halo music in their videos is interesting and sadly, beimg a fan, immediately pulls me out of the video
WHAT ARE THE HIDDEN CHANNELS?!
Fun fact, Gregorio de Falco was elected with a populist party, the 5-star movement, but was expelled from it because he voted against the new act that was supposed to stop the ngos from saving refugees crossing the mediterranean
beautiful film
Where are the secret channels!!!!
Holy shit hes back
What the heck? I just watched a documentary about this a week ago.
This might be IH’s best video yet. The Keemstar edit was incredible
YOOO HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC
21:45  The other party members fighting the boss: "Well fuck"
Well deserved Engagement
Didn't expect the LTT reference lol, outstanding video!
My favorite YouTube man and 7th favorite New Zealander
Keep em coming. The longer the better!!
The quality of this video is unparalleled to your others. Great job and I'll be looking forward to your next one half a year from noe, well worth the wait
This is historians best video yet
Ah, I remember having a class specifically on this incident when I was in maritime college. All the red flags are coming back to me
I honestly feel bad for any families who were on board like they were just going have a great time and some idiot put them in danger
It has been too long without a Internet Historian video. This video is great
43:53  Best Concordia joke ever.
Maybe its just because its 2 AM but this is easily one of your funniest videos to date
I love how one of Australia's coolest celebs is a MS Paint cartoon of a stock photo dude. This is said with deep Aussie pride. Also FREE THE UYGHURS. No face masks made in concentration camps.
Biggest Cruise ship disaster since Titanic??? Ever heard of the Estonia? More than 800 dead in the baltic sea 1994.
sick car seat headrest reference
Gotta be honest... never would have guessed that this much "schadenfreude" was even possible... this goes beyond "Watching an accident about to happen"...
As an italian I know this video won't have a good ending
"It even has a watermark"  FUCK
I'm italian and I still remember about this shit, thanks, thanks a lot.
Nice
I wonder if im related to Russel
That little "ah" at 46:01 is comedy gold
HES BACK
This is was so good I grew a mustache.
I didn’t know the captain had previous for being a fuck up :P
dang, i thought you were dead af.
Every night, in my dreams, I see you, balding head ass
I see someone has been playing The Sims 4
42:35 good
This is so fucking entertainment
Seriusly bruh, i haven't finished breaking bad
I also recommend looking up the story of the Oceanos.  It was a cruise ship that started sinking in the middle of the ocean near South Africa and the ENTIRE CREW just left.  The got on a lifeboat and floated off without even telling the passengers what happened or that the ship was sinking.  It was the entertainment staff that coordinated the rescue even though they knew nothing about ships and managed to save every single person on board.  Nobody died.
Should have just dropped the anchor. Guess sea of thieves has made me a better sailor than that captain.
This is the only channel that I watch the ads the channel shills.
I've heard that dead bodies being found in the elevators-due to the outage-AND SCHETTINO ASKED DE FALCO HOW MANY CORPSES??  Meanwhile restaurant staffs, crews, and dancers were out calming and saving people. The entire thing was just devastating
did we just get a hand reveal at 25:00
The LST intro was brilliant.
Aw man no more 45 minute ones oh well I think this one is my favorite video since the varus
The choice of music for this video was ON. POINT.
I will be waiting patiently for your r/wallstreetbets video
As italian I find this a masterpiece, spettacolare fratelly, plz make more long video super funny
Guys, I may be wrong, but I think Internet Historian is one of the scammers who lied about being on the ship
"From here, we only have mainstream news reports, so it's not gonna be super accurate."
How is this 40 minutes? He told us how much it costed in the first 2 minutes
Love the music from Kid Icarus Uprising
I lost it with Linus Shiptips. Lol.
I am 3 minutes, 54 seconds in and I am so sooo glad you covered this topic lol
I love his videos so much
32 cаsualties аre whаt hаppens whеn yоu give Itаliаn mobstеrs control of sоmething mоre cоmplex thаn pizzа
Can't wait for the cyberpunk video
Isntant fucking like this was so good
Wonderful video! Incredibly well crafted! Can't wait for the next thing you make!
I'm sad by the lack of 45min videos, but I'm also sad by the lack of videos.  So I guess more videos but shorter is good? Whichever keeps this ship afloat
wait what happened to the chick in the box.
I was just watching the story of this mess from the channel bright sun films or something like that. I can’t wait. This is gonna be good.
Well done, that’s some quality
Asmonbald 35:17
30:43 Domnica: Mistress Dies Twice
James cameron would be proud
"A captain  goes down with the ship!" Schettino: "im gonna do a PRO move"
Goddamn beautiful
Before you a ride a ship always throw a bottle for good measure.
Anyone know why Manrico was charged with anything? He's not the cruise director so it doesn't seem like he's responsible for anything.
Just an incredible video
When Jacob was about to give his testimony it led to a RAID SHADOW LEGENDS ad
I never thought learning would be so entertaining
That all sounds very Italian.
similar thing happened in Korea.  Ended up in 300 adolescent deaths. It caused the presidents impeachment
I'm reversing beep beep beep beep beep
Less than 10 minutes in and they’ve collided? Gonna be a good video
29:18 BEYBLADES BEYBLADES-!
Internet historian van you make a video about the horrible launch of The Ps5 and Xbox series x
I had to check my eyes and realize you uploaded 👀 Halo Music
Missed the best chance to throw the disney cruise stern hit
Better than that IRL History channel that I always forget the name of.
This is absolutely AMAZING work! The fact that this company allowed this to happen (hiring incompetent and lying people) and then tried to fuck over the people affected (measly compinsation) all for a COMPLETELY AVOIDABLE SITUATION is infuriating. That captain can't rot in jail long enough.
Hey! I’m your only friend on Xbox Live
Internet Historian does the right thing with his talent. You'll never know if and when to expect content, and that makes you crave it even more.
Bruh HK hornet's theme. Nice music selection
People died all because of one mans ego, disgusting
as usual great vid, quite informative.
Internet Historian, I will always applaud you for your detailed video edits. This is a great story to learn about.
Great video! Have you considered covering the Fallout: Frontier fiasco?
Basically the Concordia was the Fallout 76 launch day equivalent of the cruise ships.
I like the bit added about Gregorio de Falco.  At least he managed to go on to better things for awhile.
I can only imagine how it feels to crash a cruise ship.
Wtf did the captain actually said he slipped and fell on the lifeboat  😂😂😂
this was amazing.
This was the most entertaining thing I've watched in months.
19:07 shaw
I would subscribe even if the videos were only the ad parts
Seriously amazing job
Spicy
God dammit I've been waiting for his video on Gamestop and he hits us with 2012 boat
ConcorniAAAAAA
WHERE SEECRET CHANNLS THO
these transitions are fire
Everyone loves a good ship movie!
Imagine knowing for sure for like 5 years that you are going to prison and there's nothing you can do about it.
Internet Historian always makes enjoyable ad breaks though
Hi I'm in texas in single digit temperature and our infrastructure is ass and am sitting without power because our lawmakers suck donkey dick and couldn't be bothered to weather proof shit. Anyway this video made my fucking evening bless you
Can’t wait for the cyberpunk video
I’m no nautical expert by any means, but could the captain not have ordered the ship to rapidly accelerate (over 16 knots) once the bow of the ship cleared the rocks to shoot the ship past the rocks and avoid a collision on the side of the boat? This was my first thought after hearing the whole inertia thing, if you can’t slow down, why not speed up to cancel out the ship’s leftward drift? Please let me know if I’m just stupid
30:21 So much effort for Keemstar voice-editing
Not nearly done, but holy shit, he almost fucking did it! The mess up was what did them in, but he almost Captained his way out of the rock. That is actually insane!
This was more entertaining than most movies.
Never have I seen a video more deserving of 300k+ views in the first hour of posting then this one.
Damn! You're a F-ing good story teller!
25 minutes and 25 seconds in and I had to pause to comment how much I hate you for digging into the spaghetti like that. Otherwise, 5/7 video, it is perfect.
437,109 views•Feb 16, 2021
Wow, I forgot about this one this was all over the news back then I want one of those VADA A BORDO CAZZA! shirts lol and what an asshole that Magician was leaving the other woman trapped in the box (did she live though)
good video. i like the direction yall are taking things
Of course when my country gets in one of my favorite chanells video they're scammers. XD Hungary never change.
40:31 I really hope Ludwig reacts to this, especially this part. "Jail time chat, it's jail time! Any jailers in chat? Any jailers?" I can already here it.
ah a quality upload as always, for anyone who happens to read this, can you watch my ytp called the daltons bust lucky lukes balls? no ones watching it even tho its really good :(
This is amazing
i can't wait for Netflix to rip this off like they did with Fyre
I find it bullshit a man selling drugs would do more time than him.
I wish we could get a whole Netflix series of these videos of events as told by the internet historian
Ngl the whole time I was just remembering the cruise ship from uncharted 3
If anyone wants to know other details Bright Sun Film's also did a fantastic video on this
You should do full movies like this. You know we like that. Great video !
What a story and you did it justice.
Fuck the ending photos are scary.
It's been so long.....
I look forward to the inevitable GME video
i had spasms when this video came out and i saw it
I think this is great proof Internet Historian doesn't need a meme subject to make an interesting and entertaining story.
As if I haven't already lost faith in humanity, this just puts another nail in the coffin of that faith.
Internet Historian is alive!!! I thought he was dead!!! Let us celebrate this video by the adding of chocolate to milk.
Either that coke was one celeb or rich person's supply, and a private helicopter was called in to get it, or whoever was going to receive it had a chopper and it was going to be on it anyway.
I see a lot of work went into this but it seems so weird for this channel. Seems to suit Fascinating Horror more than Internet Historian.   But good job anyway. Can you do a video on Cyberpunk 76?
My man teaches history better than my history teachers at school
Another well crafted masterpiece
Our Australian lord has returned 🙏 Praise be to thy sausage sizzles and burning sun
This was *EXCELLENT!!* 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
1:20 *world of tanks voice* That one bounced
yo the ship looks like a level in bioshock
OMG I CAN BELIEVE MY EYES! Its a new video! YESS YES YES!!!!!!!!111 Im hoping to see some great NordVPN ad!
Aw man I love these 45-min videos, hopefully they'll make a return one day. Seriously they're probably among my all-time favorite YouTube videos.
Why the fuck would they have someone who can't even understand the captain to steer the ship? No wonder the helmsman bailed.
Hungary does have laws about insurance fraud, but the police is far too lazy to investigate them, especially if a foreign party is involved. Polizei no spek Anglo in Magyarorszag yu see.... And you have murdered those Hungarian names, therefore you have greatly offended me. Hereby I challenge you for a duel with bows on horseback!
Amazing. Glad I lost some sleep over this. 😄
IH releases are events in and of themselves.
Thanks for another great video
The Halo OST makes that one scene
Why is this video better then some million dollar shows at explaining  history?
And we all thought you were working on a Cyberpunk or WallStreetBets Video. I guess you will in about 5 year's time.
Your not allowed to make video film. Lady stfu hes on land now you have no authority
who killed the husband in the ad?!
Oh wow, a half-length movie that I just watched for free about a modern day naval disaster I've never heard of. And it kept me way more interested than the titanic. What a masterpiece
The harbor master, engineer and deputy mayor are the heroes without them many many more people would have lost their lives there are many more who took initiative and for every person who was a failure three people were saving lives and helping
30:51 She died with her psychological brain. :( Edit: her Instagram is public and as of 2020, she’s still milking this disaster for attention. Also, she apparently thinks COVID is a hoax...
I've had a fever for over two weeks and this is exactly what I needed right now. Thank you Internet Historian, can't wait to see your next video in a few years❤❤❤
@ 0:10 "it's been 8 years" excuse me dude but Costa Concordia disaster take place... in january 2012 (so it's been 9 years, not 8 !!!)
i love your use of the halo and hollow knight soundtrack
15:24 good use of tanker emergency
At this point, i watch the videoes for the ads
Jacob: lmao xd  My man is a fucking Legend
*S P I C Y*
Wher's cyberpunk? Or do you think story isn't over yet?
The "saluto" or "inchino" maneuver requires the steering of the ship to be somewhat "tight and fast" in order to "tilt" the upper part of the ship (the ship tilt then resembles a bow directed to the coast) the analogies you made with the understeer and the cars is spot on. If done correctly and by competent ship captains is safe but somewhat inelegant. In the hands of these morons, really deadly.
Post now, more, forever!
See u next year!
46:47
‘White knighting someone against the police’   Still a bootlicker I see
amazing video, it really hits different considering i’m italian, and i every everything of when it happened on tv
It’s been 84 years
That goosebumps theme tho 40:20
Love that you used payday 2 music for this video
didnt even noticed i had watched a 46min video untill it ended
Was that Payday 2 music in the background? They probably had to mount drills on the doors to the lifeboats.
Did you seriously make spaghetti just to make a "dig into the details" joke? I have so much respect for this man.
Wait, did they ever get the woman out of the magic box?
Yo we got this $570 million dollar  cruise liner... who do you think we should get to drive it? I know a cheap painter who could save us some bucks...
Do Chernobyl
jokes on you I enjoy the add bitch
Italian Ship Crash = Spaghetti, Ravioli and Cappuccino fly through the air.
What a fucking great video, as always
I remember watching it on the news the captain is one of the biggest assholes who ever existed
Internethistorian—> school
who else thought he was takin bout the RONA?
what a fucking mess
I love these long ass videos
lmao linus shiptips, when dropping pc parts is not good enough
I object to the abandonment of 45 min long videos.  These videos are too good to cut short.
YOU MADE ME GET NORD VPN!!!
Wow what a quality video. Documentary level detail with the right kind of humor. Please more. I love you.
So net historian was the one who stole that fck-off bell. I knew it
24:14 What salt water does to a mf
"From here we only have mainstream news reports, so it's not going to be very accurate." Ooo! Sick burn man.
Whenever internet historian uploads its an event
Them shiptips got me man 🤣
In a perfect world Nord VPN wouldn't hide huge data breaches from their customers either..... 🙄
The use of Halo music really adds to this and I do not know exactly why.
You know... This disaster couldn't have happened in a better spot. If it had occurred at any other spot on Earth, the death toll would've been in the hundreds, if not thousands, and the wreck would've become an environmental catastrophe rivaling that of the Exxon Valdez.  It is by the grace of God, that this ship just happened to go down in calm seas, next to an island, off the coast of Italy, a First World country renown for both maritime rescue, and whack-ass engineering. This was quite literally the best case scenario.  Oh yeah, and pregnant Anne Frank :)
Ayyy he said my country but the guy from my country was the bad guy :')
I’m halfway through the video, and if by the end of this I don’t learn that the captain was virtually burned alive in court and sent to prison then I’m going to have an aneurysm.
I'm Italian and if it wasn't for you I wouldn't know some of the details of this hilarious tragedy
Italian Courts: Jacob! It's time to give your testimony Jacob: Ight I'mma head out.
I love the Halo music in the background.
love your work mate ... thx
Babe wake up, internet historian posted
the editing is pristine and immaculate
this is like the greatest channel on this site
Abandoning ship? Too bad, you're forced to abandon your life in jail
The videos just keep getting better and better. Thank you for this, I really needed it today
Imagine how sexy the captain will be after 16 years in jail
If anyone in this story had any serious sense of responsibility, it sounds like none of this would've happened. I'm 7:25 in.
That linus tech tips intro part, my sides 🤣🤣🤣
titanic 2 is looking pretty good
Awesome :-)
I'm italian and... LMAOOOOOOO  You're always on point, thanks Internet Historian ♥️ 43:53 LinusShipTips LMAOOO
The crew shouldn’t have been sued, the company should’ve. They should’ve prevented two untrained captains, one of which didn’t have a good grasp on any language the crew spoke, from steering a ship
And on the horse you rode in on
It was an expensive mistake...
Wait what secret channel....?
42:15 And he said ,"crest 3d white strips."
Internet, your memes are so fresh,       that that’s all I have to say, really.
Me : Man this video can't get better Me at 14:04 : holy shit is Keanu Reeves
Very entertaining thanks
Remember this all happened because they wanted to go closer to the shore to fuck with everyone trying to sleep because all the people on the ship think it's funny
I cried when the bell was let back to the sea
Wow who knew that the Hat in time DLC was based on this :0 :0 :0
I expect a video on Fallout the frontier in about 12 years
I just realized that the port that it left from in rome was the same port that I left from on my last cruise
Long story short if someone tells you it’s fine you know they lying
Despite events like this, I still really wanna go on a cruise one day. Won’t have to worry about having Schettino as my captain.
16 years! That's it! Feel like in the States that would be the death penalty
This is Captain Jack Sparrow’s descendant he had with a simple woman, I’m sure of it.
Fun fact: every internet historian video is amazing !!!
I was literally just watching the episode of Well There's Your Problem on this lol. Synchronicity.
What we learn: Dont hire people who can’t speak on a 570 million worth ship to save some bucks
The Helmsman basically saying “fuck this I’m out of here.” and getting out of the country is both pathetic but also hilarious as fuck.
Thanks for the laugh. Pity about those 33 people, though.
Jacob on that king shit. Snitches gets stitches.
new channel name:  the Historian from the Internet
This is art
Honestly it's a joy to have something as entertaining and informative as this pop up every so often.  It's also maddening that while yes the captain may have been a big cause to this, being promoted clearly because he was 'good enough' is insane. The company clearly didn't value the skill required or the passengers. Or the ship for that matter. They should have gone under.
Am I the only one who genuinely loves the ads?!
The sound he made after throwing the bell back to the ocean is Rose’s voice in Titanic after throwing the jewel lol
love this, very interesting story
Who would steal a big bell.  I ask my self that everyday because        My school bell was stollen
I wont lie, the first 10 minutes have me pretty impressed at the captain. In spite of being a security guard a few years ago he would have pulled it off.
I love the Linus Tech Tips intro parody.
Even the ad is a banger
Hey, i hear that halo music
I was just thinking about this weird ass disaster, and hoping the Internet Historian would bless us with a new video. How convenient.
Knowing how much cruise ships’ employees bang relentlessly how was it not obvious that they were having relations?? Also the chick seemed to love being “famous” and people just gave it to her
Finallyyyy!! How long has it been lol
What happened to the magician?!
Still waiting for the city burning of cyberpunk.... Lol,that would make the holy Trinity with fallout 76 and no man's sky
The gall on this woman. People are dying, scared, and confused and what does she have to say? “Who gave you permission to film”. What the hell?
"La Mao XD" - Jacob Rusli Bin
Government: You're responsible for the deaths of 32 people. Massive cruise company: We'll give up $1,000,000. Government: Understandable, have a great day.
Ima need those secret channels
And that is why we use Autopilot kids
You’re a master storyteller — even your sponsor ads are entertaining to watch
But what about the Gabagool?! DID THEY SAVE THE GABAGOOL?!?!
My god. I’m laughing so much I have to keep rewinding bc I missed what he said.
I stopped the video 5 minutes in to say this is absolutely amazing.
"Coincidentally, at this same time in the restaurant, they are playing "My heart will go on" and it's very much not helping the situation... "  FFS!!! YOU DON'T SAY?!?
SECRET CHANELS- GO TO IH INCOGNITO CLICK CHANES THERE IS A GREEN SCREEN ONE A PIVE ONE AND SOMETHING ELSE I FORGOT YOU ARE WELCOME
Man, piracy would have been cooler. But Nord VPN prevented any thievery 💪
No words can describe how happy I was when I seen the notification that he uploaded
what happened to the magicians assistant
ci dobbiamo far sempre riconoscere, che figura di merda
This made me cry a bit
Great video! See you next year, lol
"no more 45 minute videos" *sniff* you don't MEAN that
Man, I hate understeer.
Not gonna lie i thought that Girl was Pyrocynical
hell yeah Halo dude
I spilled my spaghettios when I saw this notification
Well happy day oh happy day
Um, no matter what happened, none of what happened was Domnica's fault. It's not like she took the wheel or something like that. Just fucking typical that no matter whose fuckup it is, the media always finds a way to blame a woman.
YYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
Was that halo music around 24:40?
This is so well made, happy I subscribed, liked, this rocks!
He is alive
Pretty standard for major corporations . Promote yes men and hire grossly underqualified people to staff positions and have no rules or regulations for anything so no one can possibly figure out how to do anything.  Add in no consequences for mishaps or general idiocies and there you have it .
That was both fkn amazing and fkkkkkn funny! Thank You!
I may have found one of his secret channels. It's called Internet Historian: live. Can anyone confirm if this is a legitimate channel of his?
Well done on this video and all the ones previously! They have always been super entertaining and well made and it is very nice to see something on the main channel again!
Isn’t the helmsman’s fault he was given a job above his skill level which he shouldn’t have been given that’s the employers fault
Bravo 👏
I enjoy every video.made by you.
This deadass could be a "based on a true story" movie adaptation. Can't wait for Everything: The Price of Discordia
@Internet Historian Dude, you added the little sound the old lady makes when she throws the diamond back into the ocean. Fucking legend.
4:05 "He essentially came up the the idea" I'm sorry bud I love ya (no homo) but I had to point it out
While the whole thing is terrible, I still can't get past the idea of scams. Like imagine being that terrible of a human being. Good on that lawyer for knowing better and doing his research before taking on that "case".
That halo soundtrack!!!
Redefining Quality Content
This isn't right, I need sumitos face somewhere
Of course. Build a cruise ship for 500 million dollars then pay a guy minimum wage to drive it. Priorities.
my BIGGEST question is: WHO THE HELL SIGNED OFF ON THIS?! did they not get background checks on the crew?! Its like they all said "as long as it's in the water, who cares." Plus, how could any judge just let them off the hook like that just for a quick bu-- never mind...  just... WHY?!
A series of unfortunate events is what I could call this, if it weren't for that guy.
Love the Linus joke OkayChamp
I fucking lost it when he revealed hat he was the one that stole the bell
43:51  Linus Ship Tips
Huh I never heard of this before. Thx Internet Historian!
I know this is an intense moment at around 19:20, but I'm just vibin to the hollow knight music. I think it's the mantis lords track.
Definitely going to use some of the imagery of the wrecked ship as inspiration for music
thanks dad
Now this is a shitshow
Masterpiece.
the video we didn't want but we needed
The spirit of the William D. Porter has shined upon the Concordia, and has blessed it with continuous ruin and disaster.
The Sarcasm in this Video is A1
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE let it RIP!
Some of the highest quality on the site
155 people are are not amused. I am not one of them <3
at last content from historian
Quality content as always good sir
No more 45 minute videos?! But I really love ones like this.
Without knowing about this before, it was just funny until I heard "32 people died" Ouch, man. Big ouch.
The captain's surname sounds a lot like "skotina", which is Russian for "Asshole"
Next documentary must be on WSB and GameStop
Gregorio de Falco was so praised by italians, he joined a right wing political movement as its center-left, ran for Senate, and fucking won. He then left the movement for being too right wing. Guy is a renegade legend.
Never closed Pornhub so fast...
You should like tell me the secret channels 👉👈
Man Hornet's theme really hit different in the middle there.
When are you going to a video on the GameStop stock being shorted? Is that too recent of an event?
I just delayed my sleep schedule for this SPICY video
Don't leave me like that again. I need to get my hit of fresh historian anyway I can. These ads are an addiction I won't give up.
I don't think IH is aware of how important his content is. You are the reason I drink, you are the reason I live to forget.
Ah, maybe in another twenty years you can be the next Drachnifiel.
This is why cruises scare the hell out of me One idiot could turn relaxation to disaster
I’ve been waiting for this day for so long and now we’re here.
Finally a new video , good job    Edit: But I thought you were gonna talk about Cyberpunk 2076
When it’s 1:49 in the morning, you see a new Internet Historian video... over 40 minutes long... thanks for making my night better 🙂
His mouth moved. HIS MOUTH MOVED!
This is an absolute masterpiece, internet historian never fails to entertain.
I was expecting Cyberbug but ok :p
Finally you did it. You posted, he fucken did it.
Silksong music and breaking bad? nice
Ah yes, that halo music ❤
That was a 570 million dollar mistake, just because they wanted a cheap pilot
Not the video I was expecting, but one that I didn't know I wanted.
Why do you think cruise lines exist bro? and why their operations are shady and cutcorners as shit? moving drugs and lots of them  The company was so quick and friendly with paying out too wheras companies usually try to block something major. They didnt want to cause anyone to dig any deeper into the event. Also why the judge agreed to the settlement.
Bruh the wait for these episodes are always worth it.
*I have a feeling that the ship's bell is sitting in someone's entryway collection right now... Right next to Saddam's head.*
Spicy
I appreciate all of your references, including the Brandon Rogers one at 28:48
Need more ih need to find hidden Chanel need hidden channels now
ahhh so many memories  EDIT: the book title translates to "The submerged truths"
Captains foolishness kills 33 people and he only gets 16 years? Bruh if he was American he would get something we like to call “the chair”
That halo music is tasty
This was amazing!
40:25 song? Cause i heard it so many times and i dont know the name :/
The difficult part of all of this unlike previous internet historian videos is a lot of innocent people died like damn man
The gods have gifted us a 45m ih video Praise
The story of how they raised this ship to take it to a scrap yard is really fascinating.  There's a documentary about it on youtube, I believe it is called "Raising the Costa Concordia" I suggest looking it up.  Worth a watch.
@Internet Historian, are you going to do a cyberpunk video?
I fucking love this channel so much.
13:55 kek
Why did the guy that broke his leg get prison time? Was it for misleading passengers?
The prophecy is true... he has RETURNED!
28:17 You can't fool me, I know dead island music when I hear it!
OMFG! The way Internet Historian directed the first scene, all about the turning and shit, it made it SOOO DAMN TENSE! It honestly made me nervous if the boat was gonna hit. Respect for Internet Historian.
When shitposting is refined and perfected to its very core...
I’m pulling an all nighter finishing report cards and you release this now. You’re a monster
The Legend of the Titenic 2
Internet historian confirmed: longman good  Shortman bad.
An upload notification from this channel is so exciting
Oh my god the story of Schettino was so hidden in the backend of my brain that when you mentioned him it like all came back to me. I'm italian and back then every news outlet would talk no stop about this. This episode makes me feel patriotic.
The editing is so goofy yet so perfect
I'm from Italy and I'm still ashamed of this "captain".
25:11 HAND REVEAL, HAND REVEAL!
WTF is she talking about at 30:45 !?!?!?!?
This has been a meme in Italy for years
I think I’m just gonna travel by train thanks
Dang.
30:18 it must've taken so much out of you to have to actually watch Keemstar videos until you had all the words you needed to assemble this gag.  You should know that your sacrifice is appreciated.  I know it had to have been just excruciating to do that for us.  We don't deserve you, Mr. Inter-Histo, but we appreciate you.
From full-diaper furrys to stupid-ass seamen, the Internet Historian tells it all the way it should be told!
when i heard LTT song, i was confused. when i saw the logo, i damn near pissed myself from laughing xD Good job, Historian, keep up the God's work xD
Historian could make a whole documentary or documentary series about a single subject i have no interest in and id still watch it religiously.  Dude's so good at this shit.
"Trust in government" graph.  Brazil is right before Italy.  I've never been so offended by something I agree 100% with.
"Oh boy, Nord VPN ad" Something I never thought I'd say
The ship really tried to go KANSEI DORIFTOOO
Yet another masterpiece. I wish I was a gigachad like this disembodied Kiwi-Australian voice Adonis.
Amazing job on the story and facts!    Awful incident that know we all know
This is so well made. So much detail. This isn’t even internet history. It’s just amazing history. So informative. Such good research. You’ve earned all the subs you have dawg
The names of all the crew reminds me of how Legend of the Galactic Heroes highlights all important crew members of ships and military.
Not complaining about the high quality video as always, but wish you covered Cyberpunk 2077
Damn that was off the chain what a good video
James Cameron could never make anything as good as an Internet Historian video
Love this. Not the disaster, this video, it's amazing.
43:50 really had me confused for a moment.
The smile bit made me damn near cry😂
So fucking funny :D
I like these vids before even seeing em because I know the quality is gonna be great.
She was protesting not enough bins?
Ha! Did it really happen on the Titanic anniversary!?
You are by far the best youtube narrator
ohhh baby this is gonna be good 👍
halo 3
Great video, just a masterpiece
Nice
14:43 omg he looks like irl sexy squidward WHAT
Haha, payday music fits this so well!
Fucking masterpiece.
I’ll admit. I’ll never find those secret channels... unless I try.
Excellent
19:10 Great song. 24:27 Really great song. You got Hollow knight and Reach. c'mon, surprise me.
I started out bored can’t lie, but man this got juicy
your titles and thumbnails (for me at least) are like reverse clickbait. i look at it, don’t think it’s interesting, scroll past it, then scroll back up because i realize it’s an Internet Historian video. Never been disappointed
Bell is probably sitting in some rich guys secret underground lounge
That capitan is a monster!!!     Not much other than the crash was told in America
The dramalert part was great lmao
Helmsman: aahhhh what a nostalgic times *as he sip his cup of coffe somewhere in indonesia
I can't imagined i watched the whole thing
lol i can't get enough of that rock cover of dido. they sing what i feel
okay but what the fuck was that spaghetti clip. jesus christ
LOL @ the lounge/restaurant/whatever playing the Titanic song while the ship is hitting the rocks. :P
Finally the new video is out, it was to long
Its my Bday! thx for the vid
Gotta respect the asmongold screen time
So the salvage operation cost 1.2...      BIIIIIIIIIILLION
HE'S BACK!
Finally, a video.  And I see the Italian jokes were packed in this one like sauce in ravioli
nice use of Halo 3 music, i always approve of that
Perhaps the most horrifying part of this whole video so far is the fact that the Internet Historian has a completely animated character for several parts, it’s... unnatural
I had to apply to so many positions just to get a job in manual labor, and for these guys it's like "Oh, you're an Indonesian house painter? That's perfect! Please come steer our luxury cruise ship."
jesus christ that dead island music brings me back
Did we find out what happened to the woman in the box? Did she escape?
Love the longer documentary type stuff! Great video!
For your music list: Halo combat evolved's "A walk in the woods" as well as some ambiance from simon viklund.
A masterful return
I'm gonna miss the 45 minute videos.
did anyone else try to click skip at loot box part? LOL
Wire Everton expected gme video And instead of this we get this beautiful piece of jewellery
:”) your back!
Literally the only channel that i watch all the ads
awesome video! crazy situation! imagine being that guy lol
Why is it whenever i think of a channel they upload from hours to days later
nice hollow knight music
I really need one of these about CHAZ
Internet Historian really held back on any "ring that bell" comments at the end there. I would've given it a pass considering the context
Jacob is the true winner here
"No more 45 minute videos" Easy there, IH. How about we settle in the middle for 20ish minutes?
Noooooo I like your long videos! Perfect for marathoning!
My favorite day of the month, when internet historian upload
In 4 years Internet historian each vid will be a 4 part Netflix series, calling it now
Jeesh! There you are, man! Been almost getting tired of rewatching every other video (yes, both channels!).
Finally there is more
I believe "The Deets" buried under spaghetti will become adopted by Hollywood as a novel way to move plots along.
28:17 que dead island theme
The titanic 2.0
These nord ads are getting better by the video
T h e   D e e t s ™
I watch these shits like actual feature length films. They make my day🤌🏼🤌🏼🤌🏼
the linusshiptips part had me dying
That captain was almost as incompetent as American politicians.
Did you recently play Halo by chance?
fucking amazing video dude
For some insane reason, the sponsorship ads are as entertaining as the actual content.
Titanic: We sink because of ice berg What's your Excuse? Costa Concordia: pointy rocks and stupid captain
Intro "Linus Shiptips " are the finishing touch to this saga.
16 years for 33 deaths, what an absolute cluster fuck Great video as always
RIP 45 minute videos.
the historian is back
I was searching the audio Of : Go to The Fucking Boat And Help the passengers , country how many Childs , Mans and womens are here , Now!
22:40
Another upload from IH? The Heat Death of the Universe must be upon us.
Yes daddy
"everything is fine... everything is fine..."  - sovietwomble, 2021 -
Netflix hire this guy
What a shit show
19:10 randomly hearing Hornets theme is a surprise to be sure but a welcome one
I loved this video lmao
So you're telling me putting incompetents that don't speak the same language in charge of a multi-million dollar operation is not a good idea?
*vada a bordo cazzo*
Nice Halo 3 intro: 24:10
Every line in this video was a slam dunk. How do you do it?
Next time, Hire a janitor to do ship stirring. I bet he make it clean and safe
Now I am consumed by the urge to know of the other channels. I have found the live gameplay one I didn't know existed, but I need to know if there is more Edit: I found the green screen one
I THOUGHT THIS WAS THE SECOND CHANNEL LMAO FINALLY GOT A MAIN CHANNEL VIDEO THO POG!
YESSSSS, I REMEBER STUDYING THIS WRECK WHEN I WAS YOUNG OMG
I guess its to be normal with this kind of video but Submechanophobia viewers beware.
I liked how at the end, the internet historian drags the bell across the deck and it leaves behind scrapes
Great work as always. Find your videos very inspiring for creators on this site.
We're here, wherever you near, and my [mumbled lyrics] will go oooooon.  ...  But also; It's that little landlocked boot between Romania and Ukraine. It's definitely not the Swahili name for the Maldives, in the Indian ocean. Nor a Pakistani academy for mathematicians.
These videos are always outstanding
That Mayor had balls
Fuck did it took so long for this guy to make a third part .
Nord VPN owes you more than whatever they paid for that advert
Anyone wanna start helping me find the secret channels?
That snort
Hi
Ladies and Gents, the historian meme Lord has return, behold, the Harold of History... ...In my country, the Concordia's captain has win the award of the idiot of the year... of that year, y'know...
So that captain is just cosplaying as Zap Brannigan?
You should do the Capitol building invasion on January 6th next. There are several websites that have already catalogued all the footage from Parlor of the attack.
Lit
Fellow Indonesian, for once again a man of ours put our beloved contry to shame
Welcome back captain
I lost it when you started playing "Under the Cover of Night," lol.
Are we still gonna get 45 minute videos on the secondary channel?
The amount of halo music though
When Internet Historian uploads I run to the next cafe that has wifi to watch his masterpiece.
Y u s
why are the 'thieves' being punished, they're just recycling, nobody else was gonna grab that shit
Please tell me twomad actually volunteered to be in this video looooool
the increase in the animation budget is paying dividends for the storytelling, I bet there isn’t a more vivid retelling of the events of the crash even on television :)
Good content is worth the wait, 10/10 bravo m8
linus ship tips lol
hard to find this kind of quality on youtube these days, bless you.
19:09 Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight? Made my day!
I love how Concordia cost about 3.5 times as much as a Royal Navy type-23 Frigate.
Chef Kiss. Beautiful video
@ 23:00 is that halo music?
I had a terrible terrible day at work. And this.... this makes it all worth it.... thank you...
Concordia: sinks  Captain: it's fine
man whats the song at 22:39 i think its from Halo right? Its on the tip of my tongue and cant remember it right now help a brotha out.
Can't wait for the Netflix adaptation of this. Just like the Fyre festival!
This may be the best video on the channel, there is a lot of work and it is very well narrated, Congratulations!!!!1!
I’M ON A BOAT I’M ON A BOAT!!
Captain. Is. Condom.
How hasnt netflix given you a deal yet I mean geez they even gave amy schumer a show
Such an amazing video
Woooooooooooooooo a new video, thank you and see you next year! <3
Holy shit new historian
i've missed you
The Halo music 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🖤
SUGOI HISTORIAN-SAN O.o
I’m sure you only make videos upon personal interest but a video on the recent Reddit - stock shorting situation
man whats the song at 22:39 i think its from Halo right? Its on the tip of my tongue and cant remember it right now help a brotha out.
Good stuff always look forqard to your videos. 👍
I could easily watch a montage of the boat crashing
Glorious
Aaaaauugghh I need a medic bag!
No more giant videos? Nooooo! I love those most of all. I’m always craving more details and content on the subjects.
Jesus, it's like they did every single thing wrong. He is without a doubt the worst pirate I've ever seen.
10/10
Can we appreciate how good the ads are. I’m dead lol
ah yes, let someone that new and dont know english to steer the ship, what could possibly go wrong?  also if he is indonesia then his name should be pronounced rusli instead of rasli
Hollow knight music???
He's back
When the captain is sus
“Guys, it’s fine, let’s just do a three point turn, I’ll just tick the odometer back a few kilometers and they’ll never know!”
Playing that skullgirls menu theme.  Nice
Aw but the 45 minutes are great, and I do love the theme of covering large disasters. Maybe for your next video you can cover the Tenerife plane crash, as that was also caused by a selfish captain
rip long videos :(
This is why I'd never go on a cruise trip. The whole industry is rotten to the core.
43:47 .... Sponsored by tunnelbear
Not a good video too watch after drinking 2 fourlocos very stressful
I just started to watch this channel then a day after a new video pops up :D
Definitely worth the wait between videos
Can somebody give the name for the secret channels. Thanks
All of this, just because they wanted honk the horn at sleeping island resident and look like mega-assholes. Rich people, man.
Man that halo music hits well 👌
Wow this has to be your best work so far, the quality and care put into this is a damn fine example of what youtube should be.  It saddens me to see them promote the same old boring crap you see on tv.
Nord really get their moneys worth with these ads
Being italian and a Internet Historian fan I am both ashemed and happy now
Thank you for the upload im a truck driver in texas and I'm stranded in this snow
Well Bonet story is still the best, how about uploading it on main channel
Pre million views comment, bow down to me you multi million views plebeian.
Based Pilon
I am waiting for the Game Stonk episode
I was not expecting hornet to play that was a surprise
Italian Coastguard: you've got to be the worst cruise ship captain I've ever heard of Schettino: ah, but you have heard of me!
Domnica's pictures are so annoyingly photoshopped omg lol
everyone: you were selling a sunken ship in italy on ebay??? that one australian: Improvise, Adapt, Overcome
everyone gangasta till hornets theme starts playing
AHHHHH HONEY HE’S BACK
I know Indonesia guy will always escape. Cuz i am an indonesian
Where is “the fall of 77” about the misguided launch of Cyberpunk 2077
Did anyone help the magician's assistant or was she just left in the box
Dude, I laughed my ass off at the end when he dragged the bell to drop it a la Titanic. Perfect end to this ridiculous story!
Wait what happened to the girl in the magic box??
I know the story of the Costa Concordia. But I want Internet Historian's take on it.
Rusli bin the helmsman goes: "ndak bisa bahasa enggres"
Just a regular historian at this point mate
Great documentary as always. Though can’t help but wonder that some trolls making a fuss over at some of the people in question.
Absolutely fantastic
Can't believe you got away with uploading the entire titanic movie to youtube.
Last time I came this early I had to pay child support
Has it already been 2 years?
But but I love your 45 min videos!! They are always amazing...also also that bit with my heart will go on in the dining hall...priceless lol
I'm guessing I'm the minority because you've looked at analytics or something to make the decision, but I for one like the longer videos
He's back with another banger
Anyone know the secret channels he was talking about during the credits. I want to watch more masterpieces like this.
Great video. See you all in 3 months for the next upload
I can't fathom that 33 people died the youngest i know was 5 years old because someone decided to be a coward jesus😔
Hire IH to narrate every documentary ever, don't ask what it is, just hire him for it, even a doc about feces, he'd find a way to make it seem interesting
who knows the secret channels im really curious...
42:04
he's done it again folks
Hahahaha bodohnya lari ke Jakarta 🤣
Omg linus shiptips got going haha
I can't help but be excited when I see you've released a new video. Seeing the amount of effort you put into facts, comedy and the small details never fails to impress.
the grand historian hath returned with new old knowledge!
We’re probably going to be seeing that bell at auction in 40 years
The quality of all the assets IH and his team come up with is astounding. Incredible production quality
Awwwe, I like the 45 min videos  They’re always worth the wait!
it's kind of insane that the passengers had to be like "You're lying to me, I'm going to figure out how to get off this  fucking ship", there is lying to protect passengers and then there is just denial of observable reality.
Cemortan really knew how to ride the wave of fame.
Tell me more about the secret channels.
My wife says I can't watch it until her boyfriend gets off work tomorrow :(
Spicy
Can't wait a cyberpunk 2077 video like the fallout 76 one lol
I'm wondering why there's no photo of the Helmsman.
Do you think anyone on the ship was like: “Omg they’re gonna make a movie about this! I need to do something cool!”
Sank.
The damn sims 4 took me a while to notice
A true masterpiece.
Best like to dislike ratio on YouTube. Only followed by friendlyjordies
How did any of these people end up in these positions!?
Skullgirls music? Yes.
Where the F are the hidden channels??
Rumor has it that the bell was melted down into a saw for Martin's future acts, as a form of celestial revenge. Martin himself pulled a magic trick to take it as he was leaving the boat
Damn, every single video u make is amazing
I love you
1:38, titanic could survive 4 compartments flooding, idk where you got 2 from
At 31:49 one comment on her Instagram Pic says to get the f out of the pilot's cabin people have no chill 😂
28:48 Please.....pretty please....someome.....anyone does anyone know where the cutaway is from? I NEED IT IN MY LIFE
"In a perfect world, NordVPN wouldn't need to exist.  But this is not a perfect world."
Wait we don't have laws against insurance fraud?!  Brb gotta break my leg
Is this Jackass 4?
Featuring : Shipp Beaches Explosion Explosion E X P L O S I O N
liiiiinus ship tips!
This would be the last think I thought you would cover but, yes, he did it!
I feel less lonely after water these.
"Who steals a big fuckoff bell?" Who wouldn't?
Great work so basically this is cyberpunk but in ship form MAMMA MIAAAA 😜 🚢
Is this narrator famous?
So glad to see one of your videos pop up
45 mins videos are super amazing tho :(
Do i hear Hollow Knight Silksong music in this, specifically Lace's theme at around 19:25?
But but these 45 minute videos in the main channel (for me at least) it's what makes them masterpieces. You always tell some very intricate stories with all the details, it's amazing !
Lmao I missed your videos
after watching this, i really ashamed by being indonesian lol.  and yes, almost all of natives doesn't even know english. language barrier was the most common problem with the indonesians
Oooo thank you this was amazingly informative and fun :) I appreciate you and this video!
I love the fucking ads this man makes
Me: How did I get to this video? Internet Historian: BEYBLADE BEYBLADE!!!
A titanic film.
just got tired of rewatching old videos, now i'll watch this like 3 times in a row. Also why do i feel like you already made a video about a disaster cruise ship?
Dad's back with the milk!
your videos never sease to amaze me
When the video was from an hour ago but the comments are from two
Now this is quality.
SKULLGIRLS
Spicy indeed
Bruh...if the ship is damn sinking. THEN IT'S DAMN TIME TO ADMIT THE DAMN TRUTH
19:08 hollow knight music. I like it!
19:18 is that hollow knight mantis lord theme ?
OHSHIT HE BACK ON MAIN
I’m in Texas so I probably won’t even finish this video before the power goes back out lol
Im here just waiting for someone to plug those secret channels
I love this so much I really do
14:26 surely "My heart will go on" would just be one of those songs you wouldn't have on a cruise ship playlist. Even without the tragic irony in this specific situation, it just seems like a terrible idea to play the song everyone associates with a sinking ship, while aboard a ship.
I'm going to miss the longer videos. They're very entertaining.
Why the fuck isn’t my notification on for this channel?!?
Include me in the screen cap.
8 years ????????????????
Goddamnt, I was already smiling like a loon at how you handled the situation in your own creative way but the Linus Ship Tips intro made me spit my soda
The aftermath of the ship looks like it came straight out of the fallout games.
The hornet theme from Hollow Knight fit so well, idk why
yeahhh i live for this I WANT MORE!!!
I actually love long videos, it’s a drug
this man cooked an entire bowl of spaghetti and threw it into the sink for 4 seconds worth of a joke
you know... it's funny, i was thinking about ya and noticed the last one you posted up was about 5-6 months ago and it was about the pandemic deal. Now, here I am, back to you. :v
i bet i can beat them in naval wars in roblox
I fucking died when the LTT music started playing
When you getting sponsor by dollarshaveclubs cause you need it.
Love %100 of your content Mr.Historian!!! Best regards and keep up the good shit!! Even your ed's are gold. Not one second is skipped of your videos. Quite suprised these company's let you advertise them like you do so well. And the Sims for origional characters? GENIOUS!! -Ya boi Cheech (USA)  Edit: thanks for all the likes and replys all!!! 😊
THE RETURN OF THE KING
YES HE’S FINALLY BACK AGAIN OH SWEET JESUS YES
Brilliant work you beautiful bastard
man im gonna miss these long format videos :(
this aint internet history but 90% of my youtube history is ships and boats  so im ok,ay with this
I missed your documentaries, my gosh this one was like a movie though 🤩
Rewatching this even though I've the patreon one.
Im indonesian, and im dissapointed that that indonesian guy had a hard time using english and still got hired  Like how? English is literally one of the first subject you get in middle school and its numbers! How?
yet again another masterpiece
Hornet's theme playing over a sinking ship is not something I expected to see in my lifetime
I was not ready for the Linus Ship Tips
What are the secret channels?
Hey, you might want to check out the debacle that went down with Fallout the Frontier. It’s uh.... spicy, and you can reuse those sweet fallout assets.
I appreciate the skullgirls main menu music in there, game needs more attention
The production quality on this one is outstanding
I appreciate the use of Hollow Knight's soundtrack.
24:06  Ummmm, have you ever heard of M/S Estonia?  Edit: This video is the absolute unit of quality work.
so when is James Cameron jumping on this one
ayo anyone know what the song at 1:48 is thx guys
Why didn't they slow down wtf
First time im early
Oh look. The best Youtuber ever uploaded a video.
EVERY SINGLE THING THEY DO TO FIX THE PROBLEM IS WRONG AND MAKES IT WORSE.
I've watched nearly all your videos and I just want to say this in my opinion the greatest one so far.
Here before the steamers turn up and make  vids of them watching it
I can't explain how badly I was anticipating a new video
When metal gear solid music comes on you know shits getting serious
Damn this story is not a good ad for the Hungarian people lol.
Nice use of Payday 2 music, though I'm almost embarrassed that I know Calling All Units well enough to notice it as soon as it started playing.
Bro, I wouldn't mind a COD map on the abandoned Concordia
Internet Historian never disappoints
Coming up next: The Fall of 77
As an italian i feared this day
Wow interesting 47 minutes this month
Thanks for the video on my birthday deep voice herald
God the wait is always worth it
If there are gonna be shorter vids on the main channel, are you gonna tackle more complex topics over several videos or just release a longer QnA after?
I thought I left skullgirls opened in the background
Love your vids man keep it up just uhh dont get into any of that twitter drama (because their seems to be a lot of that right now smh) or become a drama channel. I like these videos better
whhats the game at 45:09
Finally. After 6 months or more.
And out of nowhere. A new challenger appears!
The worst cruise ship catastrophe since Titanic? Well, Estonia was a ferry so it's technically correct.
1 am upload for me. Still watched the whole thing. Thanks for entertaining me through the night.
The editing is just fucking spectacular.
Thank you
Bonitas maxima! (in Italy goodness best it means)
si
You should be an history teacher!
Look who's back from the dead.
Its amazing that Italy used to be the heart of the Roman Empire.  Oh how they are rolling in their graves at what has become of them.  Is anyone surprised that its an Italian crew?
This is the Titanic 2 I never knew I wanted
Umm... maybe I missed it... what happened to the lady trapped in the magic box?
Woah there... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) that's a spicy thumbnail
I want a nord vpn add where someone is trying to find IE's address to ship him the stolen bell.
I'm still new to your content but I'm not disappointed in knowing more about these crazy people and how they ruined a boat. Just how much effort is put into these long videos is amazing! I, and I assume many others, will look forward to the unfolding events of Cyberpunk2077... I have other ideas but one surprise at a time- no matter what you'll make everything interesting to me. Hehe.
Linus Ship Tips *tm
"History repeats itself" -Idk who I'm not a good historian as IH is
Like the use of hollow knight music.
Internet Historian should make a vid about the war between vtubers and vtweeters
This isn't even internet history, it's just history, and better than anything on the History channel or The Learning Channel.
who say you are allow
The deets was my favorite part especially knowing the context
5 months of no history
I didn’t expect to be freaked out by something you posted. This is way more anxiety inducing then I thought it would be.
Schettino is the Anatoly Dyatlov of shipwrecks.
You’re incredibly epic.
I just heard the hollow knight soundtrack in the back and popped off don't mind me :)
This is better than 99 percent of stuff on Netflix "Its not commensurate"
We got Oscar-worthy documentary here
Rest in peace to the 33 perished. This is a very sad story. :-(
Reality is really whacky...somewhere
you know picking a captain that has crashed multiple ships before for a $570 million ship should have been the start of there suspicions
I died with the Linus tech Tips
This was epic.
How long do these videos usually take? They are amazing!
I actually was on THIS ship in October 2011, three months before the disaster happened. I was absolutely speechless when I saw a video on YouTube in January with the ship lying on its side and so were my other family members. I went down that slide on the top of the ship multiple times. We went to see some of the theater performances. My father and my older brother went gambling at the casino a few times. Seeing pictures of all these parts of the ship is so surreal to me because I actually saw all of that in person only a few months before. It is still surreal nearly 10 years later. And the scariest part is that we had the SAME captain (Schettino), meaning that he probably also did this salute, but probably with a bit more distance, when me and my family were on the ship in October of 2011.  This was a very entertaining video for me as I already knew pretty much everything about the accident and the aftermath and was just enjoying the editing and the insane amounts of comedy gold in this video. Probably my new favorite video on this channel just because of the special context it has for me.
"very incidentally at the same time in the restaurant they're playing my heart will go on which is not helping very much" I laughed at that way more than I shouldve.
Gonna miss the longer videos because they're such a trip (your storytelling is amazing) but i'm sure the 10-15 minutes will still be fun too. Thanks for the video as always!
Vada a bordo, CAZZO!
Normal people: Hooray! New content!  Me: I hope we get NordVPN Man doing more inappropriate things
The fuckin' Linus ShipTips intro killed me
This is what happens when most of your crew is the rejected cast members of the animated GrubHub commercials.
How I spent my overnight shift. Thanks for keeping me entertained
I’ve know about this story for years since it happens actually but when internet historian makes a video on it is definitely worth watching
OMG HES BACK!!!!!
Internet Historian makes ads worth watching.
I wish I could  erase my memory so I can enjoy this video agaib
the suit guy tried so hard bro, he was such a tryhard
They hired a kid who likes cars to be a getaway driver in a heist robbing fort knox
Holy shit, "the deets" joke broke me as a person
RIP 50 minute kino videos
19:09  Never knew you were a hollowknight fan Internet historian
No more 45 min videos. Wow that sucks. Gonna cost you subs
It’s been a long time since I’ve watched something as exhilarating as that shipwreck sequence
$14,000 is a little bit? Okay so I don't know how much are cruises but if you haven't lost any family members 14k sounds like a lot of money to me.
This part of my life, this little moment of my life I call it.... happiness.
The Maritime historian is a great saga. Tales for when corona forces us into a life of piracy
you should make a fallout 2021 vid, if its gotten better or not. and yes i dont know
That hollow knight music at 19:08 kinda made it hard to listen to what was happening because my brain kept going  "SHAW!  Haha, ADEIDO! SHAW! GARAMA! SHAW!"
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH NEW VIDEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I literally laughed so hard at the Linus ship tips part omfg
can you do an episode on panama papers
*Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo*
door stuck
Can't wait for the GME stock video
Ma men Rusli Bin
That dead island and other dots noice
holy shit what a shitshow
i cant believe that you did a video about this, i didnt know that what happened to the ship was something that actually went international
I see u finally received my email, containing your channel password
Yooo the hollow knight songs are epic   Do you play it by chance
Here we go lads!!
It's like a microcosm of western civilization.
It has been ages since i heard that ships’s name. Here in Italy it was the news of the day for each and every day
Ok so what does this have to do with memes?
I died laughing the most with the Linus ShipTips mock intro LMFAO
I fucking hate it when I already know the general idea of what happened
Wow that  Koreancouple is the luckiest pair alive
Excellent
So the indonesian guy still hasn't been located?
The captains Moldovan side-chick is the epitome of cringe. I spent a few minutes looking up what she's been up to and as indicated in the video, she's one of those people who try to gain publicity and feed their narcissism by trying to look like a freedom fighter. Finding ways to complain and making issues seem a thousand times worse than they actually are. That train/Russian company deal was an absolute positive for the Moldovan economy. Yet this clueless nitwit complains solely to put her name in the media spotlight and not out of any genuine care for politics.
Hell no! Long vids are the best. Short ones on the other one lol
I knew nothing about this  When you were talking about the boat I thought to myself  “I wouldn’t mind being an armed guard on that boat”
I’ve long awaited your return. Truly sir, I applaud your work and I am proud to share your work amongst my colleagues.   Until next time, Your biggest fan.
YOOOO respect for Internet Historian for using the Hornet ost 19:15
oh boy
These are art
spicy
Beautiful
Masterpiece
I'm not going to sit here and claim that the US has fantastic professional standards within companies or that we are the nexus of maturity, certainly not that we have a foolproof political system that usually functions well, but wow does this video not make me want to live/work in Italy ever, as if Amanda Knox's story didn't already make me never want to go there.
I needed this
This!!!
absolute banger of a video
Truly an amazing film. Can’t wait to rewatch it out of boredom in a week or two.
Top quality!👍
i enjoyed every single second of it and didnt regret clicking on this video great job mate
Finally. In your first videos you promised that you will make 2 videos in a week. And now i am waiting for these like i am waiting for sex with my wife - not knowing precise date yet hoping it will be at least one time in a few months...
The Halo 3 music was a nice touch.
The long awaited return.
"you're not allowed to make a film movie" Ah ha...she'd be going overboard.
Awesome Video, as always...but I kinda remembered, that the captain ran away to his mother? Did I just made this one up in my head^^? I mean it was 8 years ago, maybe I just misremembered it
Comment
🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦i know what this is
Gosh that crashing ship gag gets better every time
This man is a worse captain than Cpt. Robert Witterell from the Obra Dinn
at this point you might as well change your name from internet historian to just historian, this was great!
I didn't even know all the details (i'm italian) but this incident was absolutley ridiculos anyway.  I Just woke up before watching this video and tought It was a dream, i didn't expect this at all
He found the youtube password.
Bro I used to work on a boat and the description of right before the crash was genuinely suspenseful and I was on the edge of my seat till the very end, genuinely great story telling <3
Oh yeah he's back
I love this man
anyone know the name of that opera song that kept playing, i like it lol
I literally just watched a video about this last night .
Dam. We could get a high paying job just by understanding numbers/degrees
I can't believe you made a whole thing of spaghetti just for that joke. Fully worth it.
Great vid my man <3
I haven't seen any italian in these comments. Weird. Anyway it's nice seeing _this_ story on Internet Historian :D
I'm so excited you are doing this since it's such an insane case when you start looking into it
I'm just hype for the cyberpunk 2077 video I know is going to come...
I was just thinking about you, Internet Historian.
So what's the big dick on the Titanic's bow at 1:37?
holy shit this video is FIRE MY BOI
"okay Jacob time to give your testimony" Jacob: change da world. my final message. goodbye *disappears*
27:52 I needed to _walk away_ with that fuckin text-to-speech "you so fucking precious when you smile" bit on the recorder ending with him looking like a fucking _FERRET._ This absolute bridge troll of a person,  I was DYING laughing.
I appreciate how long this is
Spicy
You should join a Color Guard with all the red flags you are tossing around.
I'd steal a bell. Never said I did, but I would.
2:11 this just looks cursed
BUT WHO SNAPPED HIS NECK?! This was a cover up. It wasn't an accident...
I love how he turned the sponsorship ad into its own fun story. More people should do this!
about damn time you remember your password
That omg at 1:17 is a la Primms Hood Cinema
yea i got 45 minutes to kill
26:11 Twomad lol
I have watched all of the in the quarantine vids more than 4 times each and finally the king is back
wtf where are the secret channels i need this old man to tell me more about boats
LinusTechTips reference lmao
Also my dude, your editing has gotten scarily good over the years. Bravo chief!.
Words can't describe how impressive it is to be able to keep things informational while being hilarious. I learned more in this video than from a dedicated documentary and laughed so hard while doing it
Man it was so funny until he said "33 people died".
Everybody expected Cyberpunk 2077, but the Historian delivers some actual slice of History here. Awesome.
Whait indonesian its my country
What happened to the person in the box after it fell off the stage? It was kinda built up but then left behind
You come around as often as my dad
Skullgirls music- pedestrians crossing. Play skullgirls!!
Ngl, I would absolutely steal that bell if I can the chance. Just have a big ass bell as a trophy on my wall? Hell yeah.
Finally
Now I wanna find all of the secret channels
guy knows how to live his life lol. but his fun cost billion dollars. what a chaotic genius. his shamelessness is worthy for him to become a movie character on multiple different movies. from space to dinozors.
Consistently awesome coverage aside, I just love IH's choice of video game music in his videos. The MGS2 alert theme, Skullgirls, good shit
You would think for such a pricey ship, they would get people who are confirmed good at their job and that they know the same language
It was the best Cruise of all time
That keemstar sentence mixing
Don’t ever leave us like that again
Is this the sequel to movie "speed 2"?
I was on a cruise on the Costa classica about 8 months after this
I there’s a very good reason why Carnival Cruise lines got their name...🤡
Nice use of the Hornet theme
Gotta say 16 years for having a hand in 32 deaths seems kinda short.
Rich people in boats doesn't always goes well huh?
I’m honestly surprised his next video wasn’t gonna be about cyberpunk 😭😭😭
This is why you vet employees... and implement and uphold standards. Also the construction of the ship is questionable which I suppose is fitting considering how Titanic-esk this flustercluck was.
I was at the Master Chief Collection screen and I thought they added new menu music but it's just the video. lol
i even liked the commercial
3.50 and I'm already fully reminded of that everpresent Italian incompetence in anything (except calcio obviously)
Thank you god
Aw i missed your voice saying words different to the other videos I've watched more than 5 times
I’ve never clicked on a video so fast
thank you for this
This is incredible. You're incredible   Incredible.
blessed day
Thank goodness he is back!
When that song played I thought my phone had switched to an LTT video. Linus Ship Tips, what a show
Stop uploading, just go start documentaries at this point. It’s too good for YouTube.
Where tf is my Internet Historian editing skillshare class?
This was better than any movie I've seen this year so far
so much upload. I am being spoiled
Watching this shit show makes me want to play a multiplayer video game where you need to try to keep a ship from sinking.
I'm only a few minutes in but what a fucking SHITSHOW
The funny thing is shettino translated to Russian is (cattle) but mostly used to describe people as a fucking dirty animal
Masterpiece
That Halo 3 music still hits
pog
This was gorgeously entertaining and interesting to watch.       Also Halo music was 😘👌
I really appreciate him answering the title’s question in the first minute. I can’t believe how much filler YouTube’s algorithm forces on content creators nowadays. 45 minutes? Remember when it was 10? Those were the days.
350k views on 2 hours? Just wow. I think this speaks for the quality of the videos you create. Keep it up man. It's always a amazing seeing you upload a new video.
*Oh boy! Skullgirls!!!!* 35:01  *Do you play it Mr.Historian?*
5 months to make the video, youtube algorithm will treat you well
The halo music really fits and sad part
Next month, the Oceanos!
This is kind of different from internet historians typical content, is there content similar to this where it details disasters as they happened? I loved this video and the narrative has me hooked, the idea of giant half billion dollar ship going down is horrifying and captivating. This actually reminds me of those true crime podcasts but if they had huge production value, I need more vids like this
If only they didn't hire sims they would've had better communication options
This is why it's important that everyone speaks American
Linus shiptips🤣🤣🤣
This video will belong always in my memory.
Wow he kills a quarter of 100 people and does not even get life Jesus the system is shit in some places
Damn I caught this video so early on lol Needing some more Internet Historian in me life
Internet Historian, Is there any way we can get a entire ad video story about NordVPN man?
I laughed out loud way too many times. Brilliant.
2:11 EW NO I DON'T LIKE HOW HIS FACE MOUTH MOVES EW NO THE NECK SWIVEL AAAGH
No more 45 mins movie? Oh nooo
46 minutes..... Jesus Christ
43:51 what the actual fuck i havent laughed in a whole week and this just broke me
This is the best Sims let's play I've ever seen.
gotta appreciate the halo music in this video
HAPPY INTERNET HISTORIAN UPLOAD DAY!💥💥💥
If anyone is interested, there is very detailed National Geographic documentary on how they raised the ship after it sank. It is quite incredible how they did it.
I was on the ship during the event, it was extremely scary
"Then it was Jacobs turn. And he said... Pampers helps baby's skin stay dry and healthy"
Yo 10 min after that fucker hit the rocks I'd be jumpin overboard and swimmin, they would stop anyone tryin to board a lifeboat so my natural reaction as a military swimmer would be to jump, we trained for overboard jumping from aircraft carriers, basically cliff jumping with an extended swim at the end :)
I was absolutely not ready for the Linus Ship Tips bit and my sides are at the bottom of the sea
the only youtuber that makes the ad time really enjoyable
43:50 OkayChamp LinusShipTips          xqcL
I remember all the memes. So good.
This time dont disappear
Spicy
Amazing just amazing
Babe wake up, new Internet Historian video
Deputy Mayor for the city is kind of badass. Dude boarded a sinking ship.
Well worth the wait, as always
Worth the wait
Can't wait for the next video in August!
Ad time: "It's day 6 of playing Russian roulette, seems like I... never win..." Yeah probably because you're playing Russian roulette with a double-barrel shotgun.
“Who steals a big fuck off bell”
Okay I understand that he's a shit captain and his actions directly caused this. But there HAS to be some responsibility on the company for hiring unqualified people like that. It's not like it's a profession without training academies or anything. People normally go through years of training and experience before they become high ranking officers on large ships. Whoever hired him deserves the blame as well.
The captain is the naval version of Dyatlov.
At least 5 things in this video are in my top 40 reasons I never go on a cruise ship.
46:25 sauce?
I’m watching this as I sit in the bridge of the ship I’m on.
Internet historian should make the cyberpunk 2077 video cause the bugs just like fallout 76.
These videos are like when kanye drops an album
It's 46 minutes long and already 500k views.
Spicy
Costa Concordia: one hell of a trainwreck.
Wow! Amazing and crazy.
Can't wait for the next ad
That Linus Ship Tips intro was so good!
INTERNET HISTORIAN HAND REVEAL
Aaaah I see you're coming for the italian part of youtube
The Titanic taught us to never skip on important safety features like enough lifeboats, locking up some parts so people couldn't escape, and that no matter what, a ship is never unsinkable.  all of this caused many to die.  The Costa Concordia taught us to never let idiots captain a ship.  I mean the disaster with the Titanic happened because the crew saw the iceberg too late, the Costa Concordia could have easily been avoided if the crew and captain did their job right and not do such a stupid thing/
I truly loved this video, you’re great man, rip everyone who died on that ship
A similar thing happened to South Korea. It was the Sinking of MV Sewol. It was a vessel filled with high schoolers going on a trip that sank, but unlike the cost of Concordia, this was much more tragic with much more death. Over 200 young men and women who haven't even begun their life died in this tragic incident.
I can't belive he uploaded.
Alright see y'all in 10 years when he posts again
Anyone else really want the internet Historian to make a 2 hour long epic on something?
Ive been waiting
3700 people used to cruse here. Now its a ghost ship...   And if youre doing 15 minute videos now, Something like Quantas Flight 72 may have potential. A330 decided it would be a dank meme to just pitch down hard at the ground, and because the way airbuses work (computer has priority over the captain) there was sweet fuck all they could do about it until they could beat the computer into submission because it was trying to kill them.
car seat headrest made a song about this
another masterpiece
Thank god he’s back
*Spicy*
Cant wait to hear what you have to say about the gamestop stockmarket short
I called it a full five minutes ahead that you were going to end the video with Ancient Rose' "ah!" Dropping something back into the sea, but I had no idea what it would be. Watching Harold drag the fuck off bell across the deck to drop it in - that's just art.
The wait for these videos is so worth it. A+ on the amount of effort.
"the deets"   Your compassion for cinematography is inspiring, and something to live up to, sir. Move over, Jim Cameron
Perfect timing as I just started rewatching your older videos. I was missing your posh and proper voice as well as your specific way of weaving a narrative.
Nice bit of halo music in there
It's subtle details like putting the Tanker combat music that makes me love this channel
About time lol. loving the content XD
Great video!! Spicy!! I was like, "what about the bell?" and then the ending. LMAO
What is with all of these IMVU heads
Why do I hear SCP 096's cry and then immediately Halo ambiance music? ahaha
The only bad part of this video: “no more 45 minute videos.”
21:39  I'm allow, I'm allow...😏 *WHO SAY YOU ARE ALLOW?* 👁️👄👁️
What ever happened to the magician’s assistant?
But jeez, it's fucked up to try and blame a disaster on a woman being present
16x the detail...my god
The production quality, *chef's kiss*, didn't even notice it was 46 mins!
It's been 84 (loong) years since your last upload...
Anyone notice the hollow knight music
Half-life 3 confirmed
What riveting sound effects ( 10:42 ) an almost cinematic quality
38:45 Everyone should know that the ringtone is called, “by the seaside” on iOS. The level of detail is amazing in these videos.
phenomenal
I hope you're in the works of a video talking about the Gamestop stock market stuff and the aftermath. I haven't even looked at any videos hoping you cover it in your style *fingers crossed*
Is it just me, or did the engineer guy do his best to carry his dogshit team?
NEW VIDEO LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Getting me all nostalgic with the Halo music.
This is probably my favourite style of video. You can tell it has had a lot of hard work put in, and it turns out so good every time!
For all that this is a terrible story, everybody not the captain or helmsman seems to have done their jobs fairly well.  The rescue efforts were coordinated pretty well from the shore and there were some genuine heroes who stayed behind to help people.
I showed my mom this video,and this honestly is such a thriller. She loved it,one of your best videos.
This man has no bad content
love it
Thank you for a glimmer of light with another informal video. Just as my lights and wifi came back here in Texas in the US. You brought me joy!
Only 2 flooded compartments. Not great, not terrible
45min videos will be no more? An add compilation is needed.
This is certainly an interesting story.
I'm a simple man. I see an Internet Historian video, I break my trackpad from clicking too hard on it.
Now this Is what you call quality content.
I would definitely play $20 just to see a ad from this guy
Internet Historian why are your ads a masterpiece?
Any sane person would have died due to immense shame . But the tuxedo captain lives.
spicy
My Heart Will Go On was hilarious
You gotta do a video on fallout the frontier
I've been on over 12 cruises, but good God this is a mess. I've been through storms but never did I realize they could screw up so bad with satellite gps positioning
Seems like they invested so much money into building the fancy ship.  So they ended up cutting corners on everything else.
The incompetence of the captain is stupidly unbelievable
Did you really cook spaghetti, just to paw through it, and say, "The Deets"?---Nice.
I lost it at the brakes
The Linus Ship Tips thing caught me off guard. Fkn amazing
AMEN
Yo man u gotta make a fallout frontier video, it would be right up your alley
Nice use of El Cargo during the insurance fraud bit IH
Spicy
Hello Mr. Historian sir, I see at 19:07 you've used an excellent choice of music. That is all,
Many months, many losses later. The MAN, the MYTH, the LEGEND has POSTED a video
So now I have to split my 45 minutes lunch into three 15 minutes lunches
Here before Netflix or Hulu does a documentary on this.
24:10 "They let me pick, did I ever tell you that? Choose whichever Captain I wanted. You know me. I did my research, watched as you became the Captain we needed you to be. Like the others, you were strong and swift and brave. A natural leader. But you had something they didn't. Something no one saw... but me. Can you guess? Luck. Was I wrong?"
“Jacob it’s time to give your testimony.”  “Lol” said Jacob “lmao”
My man Jacob understood fly the coop instead of speak to the court
i missed you so much
Internet Historian can research the most interesting topics and find out the most minuet of details, but even he cant discover where Moldova is located.
LMFAO The DEETS
Man I love Titanic.
Ok do one just like this about the LHD-6 Bonhomme Richard
This is the fault of the captain thinking that he can fucking fix the ship with flooded engines
b-but I like the 45 minute history lessons ;w;
Holy fuck that Tusk theme from KI2 came outta nowhere
The halo music at 24:12 wrapped together that segment nicely
Wow, they spent over twice the cost of the ship salvaging it, why not just leave it to become a reef?
I'm mad they actually played "My Heart Will Go On" when shit was going down
The production quality on this is astounding!
Hearing Lace's theme from Silksong made this video so much better
THE CHANNEL NAME : Internet Historian  The channel content:: Realworld history.
Love the video, but what does this have to do with the internet?
i would like some deet spaghetti
I actually went on a costa ship a few years ago and they made sure to put on a face about caring for the safety of the passangers lol
Jacob running to Jakarta is the biggest twist lmao
I've been waiting 😌
Internet historian never fails to amaze me,   10/10 💎💎💎
Let’s go boating!
Best Mayday episode ever
That bit with Cemortan at a random cockpit was the funniest goddam thing I've ever seen. *chefs kiss*
*_spicy_*
I will prosecute you to the full extent of the law.
Amazing
Soooo this dude killed 33 people through sheer incompetence and refusing to face the consequences of his actions?  Let's say I, through sheer incompetence, accidentally kill a bunch of people and then when trying to flee the police I kill a bunch more people. In total I've killed 33 people with my car. Would it take me over 5 years to get a 16 year sentence?
Eat your heart out James Cameron. This is our generation's Titanic.
The Costa Concordia after the disaster looks like rapture.
Thanks for the video, gamer.
I was wondering when was the next drop
Where the fuck is that clip from at 28:47 ?
Some Australian guy “russel fucking coight” made me laugh hard
Everyone should check out the full recording of de Falco screaming at the captain to get back on the fucking ship. It's beautiful.
Texan here this video made the rolling blackouts and the thermostat reading just above freezing worth it
I'm in Texas right now without power/heating and it's like 4 degrees outside. This really really cheered me up. Thanks for all the hard work and epic entertainment man you're the best
I was giggling about ship tips for a good 20 seconds
Please stop working so fucking hard on these, jesus.
What a journey
A ferry terrible accident.
What an experience.
My gosh  Look at this masterpiece, truly a quality content  11/10 🔥🔥🔥
I like the Skull Girls track. Good video dude
I appreciate the npc Sims
Uhhh... I got an ad for P&O Cruises whilst watching this..
2:15 the Whatculture song
Wow, how nice of dashlane for giving IH his account password back
Internet Historian has the upload schedule of a Hollywood director.
That ship looks like it’d make for a great zombies map or horror movie setting
Good thing they where not on the middle of the  ocean on cold water on the night.
I've never clicked on a video so fast
That Payday 2 music is *chefkiss*
Imagine being a survivor of the Costa Concordia and being on Ebay one day, and seeing one of your items from the ship being sold for a lots of money. And as well, imagine, getting all this money, including possibly dollar bills, and then bringing them up to have them dry for like weeks
Good lord he went all out on this one. Skullgirls was a nice touch.
35:48 nice historian, very epic gamer.
I am blown away by the production quality of this! Your content has always been entertaining and informative!
This is the only channel where I watch the sponsored ad completely without skipping it.
"But this isn't the end. It's just the half-way point." *me frantically looking at the timeline feeling like i'd just watched a feature length film*
AYO WHER'S THE GME VIDEO
Can't wait to watch this multiple times with reaction andy
2:09 WOAH WOAH..Woah That was some pretty slick animation just now
BEST CHANNEL ON YOUTUBE!
You're so good to us Internet Historian. You could have just mailed it in with the batshit crazy story of the sink ship but you upped the ante and took us deeper than we even knew possible into the story. You're a true blue legend m8
Ur videos are getting very good.
5 months.
I'm scared how far historian has come
Remind me, how many people died for this?
You ever get the feeling that if LEMMiNO got on the meme-y path he'd be like Internet Historian and vice versa?
I was genuinely on the edge of my seat the entire time, and I was lying down!
26 years for manslaughter and negligence? wtf that too low.. A person who killed a person in my country, found guilt would be jailed for 30+ years and 3 canning.
Watched for the NordVPN ed tim, stayed for the internet history.
19:08 Hollowknight boss fight music intensifies 😎
Boats were a mistake.
The advertisement time was too short.
Was expecting cyberpunk. But this is pure gold.
This was brilliant, informative, and surprisingly funny. Well done!
Back to 10-15 minute videos? Cyberpunk 2077 is atleast going to need be an hour long.
Kinda sucks that we will be losing the longer videos, but more videos overall will be a nice change. I expect the game stop situation to be covered, for obvious reasons
Oh man can't wait to see your video on the whole WallStreetBets/Gamestop debacle. Guessing you got that one lined up for your 2023 release schedule. :P
I just love how after showing the wreckage with the context of the tragedy, all the death and despair, he just starts playing happy music to begin the second half of the video. I could only laugh.  Edit: It was also great to see Brandon Rogers get a shoutout. 28:48
God that first half is God-like and then you have Lucks theme from Halo 3 for the before and after that gave me the strength I needed. my house just flooded due to our pipes and the cold and losing power it's been a rough week thank you Internet Historian I needed that
I just thought they were just trying to do  a sweet drift.
"Every night in my dreams, I see you, I feel you..."
Thank god a new post!!!!
Outstanding, loved it.
Imagine diving looters running into floating bodies as they search for loot at night.
where is gamestop saga?
Ayy miss you bruh!!
My dream video
Everything sounds funnier in Italian
RIP Russel Rebello. The world needs more good people like you. F
Quality as always, thankyou for taking the time to put this together. However, just one request, in future please do not use current uniforms of the Royal Australian Navy, awards including Australian Services Medals or RAN Category Badges such as the Principal Warfare Officer Badge. All of which were used in this upload in leu of Civiliam Maritime Uniforms.
Our lord and savior has awakened from his slumber to bless us with another 50 minutes of joy
fuck the short videos. i need hour-long videos every 3 months. keeps me living.
These are legitimate meme documentaries and im here for it
WE'VE BEEN BLESSED BY THE GREAT ARCHIVER WITH ANOTHER VIDEO!
If the sinking of the Concordia is ever taught in history classes in the future, I really hope the teachers show this video
Historian has made a documentary better than the History Channel from the ship shit post
Okay, but the box lady- WHAT HAPPENED TO THE LADY IN THE BOX??? YOU NEVER SAID IF SHE GOT OUT OF THE BOX *DID SHE JUST FUCKING DIE???*
I CANNOT believe that Schettino changed into a fucking SUIT while the ship was listing and sinking. Holy fuck, if he wasn’t such a giant cock i’d almost be impressed
Love the hollowknight music
So we have: A captain with the wrong career credentials who had already crashed twice before A helmsman with zero relevant career experience and who doesn't speak Italian or English A 3rd officer not doing their job Constant miscommunication A faulty black box A literal stowaway on the bridge And a company with no official rules or policies on any of the course changing that happened Fucking excellent
No more long videos? that's too bad. But one must change with the tide of YouTube algorithm, I suppose.
HE HAS RETURNED
You should make a video about the Baltic Sea Fleet during the Russo-Japanese War. Or, if that isn't enough for a whole video, put it on the second channel? It's about as silly as this.
Why does the story of the Concordia sound eerily similar to what's gong on in politics currently?
I live in Italy and I remember what happened. Almost all of Italy was against Schettino and wanted to see him in jail. Before the trial if I remember correctly he was placed under house arrest. I remember that I was furious, and that I wanted to see Schettino behind bars, with the guards who had to throw away the keys ... he is a cowardly man who is not worthy of being called a ship captain.
He’s back
See you in 6+ months
So i'm guessing technical support from YouTube finally responded, or he remembered to turn caps lock off
The captain looked like Ian McShane. Maybe thats the reason why women are all over him lol
Kills 33 people due to gross negligence, causes billions in damages, and ruins an entire island's tourism industry : only gets 16 years in prison B R U H
Is internet historian and the spiffing Brit the same person?
Nice touch with the ballad of the costa Concordia. One of my favorite car seat headrest songs
Let's see, in around 90's, there's a cruise ship that sunk in coast of south africa, good thing all the passenger was safe, then there this fucker, and then followed by a south korean ship that kill a lot of high school students, it's also led into impeachment of south korean president.
so it was cause a bunch of idiots fucked their way to the top or had friends in high places, got it.
Can’t believe they put real Hokusai’s on a damn cruise ship
This video is actually amazing
Best animation ever. Can you imagine having to animate all of this? Respect?
I love your use of skullgirls music
You thought you were being clever including Hornet's theme, but I knew!  *I KNEW!!*
I’m assuming that the ad was made for Christmas but the video turned out to be larger than expected.
One day, I'll find your secret 5th channel.
The Splinter Cell Chaos Theory music was a good touch
so basically the indonesia is the ruined of it all XD
What interests me is why the captain didn't take control himself if he knew the helmsman couldn't understand what he was saying.
I'm familiar with alot of the equipment present very accurate kudos
Everyone: I cant wait for internet historian to make a video on the political situation right now Internet historian: *desperately trying to dodge that bullet* "The Cost of Concordia"
Gotta love the halo music
If that man were the captain of the Titanic, less people would have died, because he would’ve rammed the iceberg head on
Unironically would love just a compilation of all the transitions where you have the ship fall down and explode
YO! YOU MISPRONOUNCED FRANCESCO
Who tf launches a ship on the 100 year anniversary on Friday the thirteenth
How do you classify "largest cruise ship disaster after the titanic"? The sinking of M/S Estonia killed 852 people. Is it just the amount of people on board, or because this one was better known?
The unlikely combination of Sims characters and Payday music makes for a true cinematic experience
Internet Historian uploaded 2 hrs ago. *Clicks aggressively*
Mmm, yes! Quite tasty! I’m glad I kept off the internet these 9 years just so I wouldn’t spoil this video for myself. I admire my own self discipline.
Me: trying to get work done IH: whispers “Secret channels”
Oh yea the costa Concordia! Thanks bright sun films.
Yikes.
21:40 Why are they both speaking to each other in English? They have the same(?) accent so I'm assuming they're from the same place and would realize that right away?
Early in video: lololol captain so dumb, this is wacky stupid shit. Midway: 32 ppl died, errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...  end of video: happy the asshole got jail time.
I just watched a 46 minute long video about a ship wreck from 9 years ago that i barely even paid attention to when it was actually happening. Why? Why did i do this? Oh because Internet Historian can make reading the back of can of corn entertaining.
Man, Geralt has really letting himself go, going on cruises, you know you'll get more scares.
Wait, so what happened to the magician’s assistant in the box??
"I slipped and fell into one of the life boats" xD
Capitan Schettino, da quanto tempo!
Fuck this was good.
LINUS SHIP TIPS i died
Brilliant
god damnit I wanted to go to sleep at a reasonable hour tonight
Fuck cruise ships
My second favorite Tale of the Sea from Internet Historian!, cant wait for more frequent 15min viddys!
So I take the very expensive boat that can be filled with lots of people and I assign important staff by pulling names out of a hat.   I am a genius.
I fucking lost it at the end, when he started dragging the bell. THe set-up for that had been so long ago, but damn was the payoff amazing.
Return of the King
34:00 this shouldn’t be a viable option...that’s just so wrong...
Holy shit he found his channel password again.   Jokes aside, absolutely love it!
he protec he attac  but most importantly he bac
This is how you document a story
This shit is so wild. I was so excited to see you covering this
Another fantastic video, big boy! Keep it up
Basically real life Michael Scott
That bell will be worth a lot when it surfaces in another hundred years.
your average natgeo documentary ain't got shit against this
I like how you stole Linus's old intro
Just want you to know you deserve bad luck for not doing "The Fall of 77" it would make a great video and is 100% justified and your reasoning is moronic really you won't do the video "because too many people have already talked about it" well too many people talked about Fallout 76 and that didn't stop you... pathetic reasoning... COWARD!
People will get real hyped if he released a trailer for his videos
The Linus reference was great
“Oh sweet! Internet Historian made a new vid...MAMMA MIA!”
He is now just a fucking historian,
lmao. pretty much what i got from this video is that women live  life on easy mode and everyone respects them for it
Only 9 minutes in and this is beautiful. I always wait for your videos to come out because each one is a masterpiece.
35:20 who's he watching?
Finally, a new vid
Linus ship tips😂
Fucks sake I just said "I am glad there's really long well thought out videos still on Youtube" and I watch all the weay to the end and you say that shit. FUCKS SAKE.
Babe wake up, new Internet Historian
I've literally been researching the Costa Concordia for months and he posts this. It's like we're on the same wavelength.
Dude the Halo music was great for the ships before and after sinking bit.
At this point 25:10, please skip it will make you shivering
FINALLY.. BEEN CHECKING THIS CHANNEL DAILY FOR WEEKS
the linus tech tips parody, killed me
There are some youtubers; Internet Historian, Contrapoints, Crowbcat, Philosophy Tube, etc. who have an immaculate take on Quality over Quantity. You're a true artist by my book.
6:23 oh shit  Also i spent 46:48 on a masterpiece video by internet historian great video
The only man that can make me watch his ads...
The halo music was so fitting, it gave me chills.
The 2 million year wait is finally over, we finally got another video.
To this day, the captain still doesn't know if the ship is flooded
Wasn't there someone still in the ship for weeks after that some divers found?
Am I wrong or does some of the music sound like halo music?
Is this a.....new video???????? :0
Hollow knight music is so good for this
The fukin ship edits for each transition kill me every time cause just enough info passes for me to forget the previous edit.
top quality
We’re really out here watching full movies for free now. Great work IH
yes hes back
What song is playing at 25:23? It sounds like Nas - Hero sample.  Anyone know?
Jack Nicholson is on that boat.           Also side note, I visit family members in Italy occansialy and side by salutes annoy the crap outta me especially in the brink of dawn.
God all your videos like this are masterpieces
What can i say, we indonesian is really reliable
I appreciate the Pedestrian Crossing from Skullgirls, Historian! Dope song
could not have uploaded at a better time my friend
"Its been 8 years" Yeah eight years since you uploaded.
Take all the time you need we always accept you with open arms Internet Historian
I love how every video documentary you make is a clear and cut red flag factory like nobody saw any of the signs and was like "naw bruh bruh, everything will be fine, gods will should keep us safe!"
THAT LTT INTRO CAUGHT ME OFF GUARD, LMAO
Ending was a masterpiece
Missed you buddy thanks for another great video
The use of Halo music is equal parts jarring and impressive.
Every video is random trivia I now have cartwheeling around my head.
How to not drive a big boat and take care of your passangers VOL.2
Hey man gotta ask...are you gonna cover the The Frontier Mod controversy?
Honestly love the ads
I got so confused when skullgirls music started playing
Finally, after 5 months of waiting
Video so good I dident go to the comments,,,, till the end.
I’m starting to think IH has a thing for sailing given that he’s made TWO FILMS about the subject.
linus ship tips nice
I'm giving this video the highest award i can give...... 360p
*Return of the King*
So much good halo music
That linus parody was incredible.
I can't help but think about what a great political slogan "get on board, for fuck's sake." Is
The bubbles 😂so iconic. Memories all coming back
Spicy :)
I really love how you create this. and the building up to the suspension too!   also, the ads! that's the first time I watched the coolest one. great job
I love that Halo and Hollow Knight music in the video! Really adds to it.
but how the fuck did he get the job??? why is almost everyone in this story a terrible person?? why is there so much incompetence?? what is the rot in italy that allowed this to happen???
Another home run
HOL UP HOL UP YOU DO NOT JUST OUT OF NO WHERE START ANIMATING YOUR MOUTH FLAPS TO SYNC WITH YOUR NARRATION WITHOUT GIVING US A HEAD'S UP, ALMOST HAD A HEARTATTACK
Ohh, this is going to be good.
What a treat, thank you mister internet historian
“From here we only have mainstream news reports, so sadly it’s not going to be that accurate” Not wrong, but that still feels wrong based on the situation
The entire video was, as always, amazingly well crafted, but I just have to give some recognition for the topic transitions. They're perfect
Why would you spend 540 million dollars on a ship and then not pay for a real captain or helmsman?
The legend remembered his account  password
A very alike man-made disaster took place in South Korea, April 16 2014 (called Sewol-ho incident). Except, there are actual casualties of 300 passengers out of 400 including 200 high school students drowned.  The captain and some of the crew members evacuated before anyone as soon as after the ship began listing due to imbalanced overload and facility aging. Passengers were announced to remain in the lounge and later to evacuate immediately, while they couldn't due to water blocking the way out along with the airway.  It has been over 6 years, and the tragedy still resides in many people's memory including mine. The captain got 36 years of jail time. One student's body hasn't been found hitherto. Her mother is still waiting for her in a small tent at the shore.
I am a simple man, I see internet historian video, I watch internet historian video, then I leave a like. This vid better make it onto trending or the algorithm is rigged
Demoted, leaves, ia elected, flexes chad superiority. Yup part of normal carrier progression~
The fastest click in the west
masterpiece
I don't know, it's controversial, 32 people died, don't know is it allowed to make jokes about that, but on the other side people were making jokes even about 911 :s frustration
Even though the editing is goofy, stories like this make me cry
this almost feels like a discovery channel  documentary
Interesting topic. Sad that one complete jack ass got people killed.
looking forward to the Cyberbug 2077 vid
LOL at the understeer :D love it
Nice use of Halo 2 soundtrack...
Quality content
bruh
devils... monsters...
wheres the other channels and how long till they're found
This vídeo gave me hope for this year.
Amazing work
Therapist: Talking Internet Historian isn't real, he can't hurt you.  Talking Internet Historian: *2:11*
I remember when this happened because the parents of a teacher at my school died on it.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I don't know how you do it, but every video has this feeling of high production value and high quality shitpost at the same time.
You left us hanging on the girl stuck in the magician's box.
19:00 HOLY SHIT HORNET FIGHT MUSIC
Very out of the ordinary but very good
That Hollowknight silksong music coming in clutch
Someone will lose his sh*t in 40:06 - 40:09 Because funny game with crewmates
3:35 I can't believe you're using Gran Turismo 6 music. I would have never thought that you were a car guy XD
The LTT music _REALLY_ threw me off for a sec
The aftermath of the ship photos look like places in destiny
10/10
ABSOLUTELY one of your best videos of all time! Great stuff!
Nex mall!
That captain deserves every minute of jail time he got. The company needed to go to court too, then we could know why they thought it was OK to get a guy who did not speak Italian to be helmsman.
"It's been eight years." Sure felt like we've been waiting that long. Good to see ya back.
Historian: Ad- Youtube: No, fuck you, its our ad
I love you
Draw me like one of your Italian girls, Francesco.
Love the stuff as always.
Ever since reading a memoir of one of the stewardesses that was on the Titanic, I've been fascinated by cruise ship disasters. I love that this video is basically a tv special-length documentary with weird formatting and creative decisions that you can only get away with on YouTube. This was a great way to spend my night!
The transcript of the captain's conversation with the cost guard is crazy. He's a complete piece of shit.
Amazing
How much would it take to see a video of the most expensive party in the world? (The party that Iran threw in the 70’s)
Where's our 2020 Arc story ??? XD
Is it Internet Historian Live????
The password has been located once more!
Make the missing bell story.
S
The ancient one awakens!
Brilliant.     The video, not the situation.
Wow, I’m here early for once.
Linus ship tips lol
S
This is why you should put professional captains to drive cruise ships not armatures with a record of f*cking up
Ssc
Damn.
W
Oh this channel is still here
I SQUEALED IRL when I saw a new IH video!!!
Cs
Should of called it NoirdVPN
Drachinifel has the masterpiece of the 1904 Russian Baltic Fleet's Voyage of the Damned, Internet Historian has this. I need more of this in my life.
Oh hell yeah boy something to watch
S
Every fan of Internet Historian is that old lady from Titanic, waiting for another video.....
Love the effort you put into your work. I think the 45/50 min projects for subjects that deserve it are worth it, but obviously need to be spaced out with smaller content to avoid burn out.  Also; what the hell do you mean you have a secret channel?!
God I love this channel so much
NOT THE JEFFEE STAR MAKEUP BAGGG!!!! 29:46
So much Halo music this video! At least three songs!
Missed you, old friend.
boat
22:40 halo music? I approve.
I was expecting this video to be about fallout the frontier
That opera music at the crash. Just... Just perfect.
This is what YouTube was made for. No music videos no Minecraft challenges, pure excellence and memes
I just love you and everything you make. Made my day already and its 6:46am <3
Spicy indeed. 😁👍
22:00 Defalco  realy rested his whole nut sack in the captains mouth.
Wow when you said “Ed Tim” I got a double ad.
Was rewatching your channel all day and I saw this and thought "how have I not seen this yet" not knowing you just published it.
This is your best video yet holy moly
Can't tell you how excited I was to see another video on here
my uncle was on that ships crew he survived
2:37 duuude, I have been to that exact spot!!!
I thought this vid was old but turns out I watched it like 40 mins after it uploaded
If anyone hasn't heard the full recording of Di Falco absolutely DESTROYING Schettino I highly recommend it, extremely cathartic.
Holy shit that was amazing!
What a shitshow
28:17 Dead Island  How fitting  Good job Historian
That linus reference.
Was that halo ce music? I think it is!
"who steals a big fuck off bell" wiser words have never been spoken.
A new video!?  Nice.
It makes me livid that the employer of those fools could slink off with a fine. If your hiring standards cause so many deaths, you should not exist anymore as an entity.
ship literally about to sink  captain: but is it still flooded?
Reminds me of the bit in Uncharted 3. That game is just full of large vehicles, vessels, and crafts eating shit.
What's interesting about the salvage process is the teams had to do it on a strict time budget or it would fucking implode and spill stuff everywhere,  including the garbage and oil in it, as well as cause the extinction of an endangered species of sea plant (the teams ended up just picking up and relocating the plants). And there were also concerns with storms pushing the ship off the rocks. There are some really good documentaries on CuriosityStream about it.
no way this is real. this is some Hollywood shit right here.
The Indonesian guy are literally using VPN.... irl
I dig the almost "my heart will go on" just outside of copywrite.
This was the event where I lost credibility in mainstream media. It wasn't the 2016 election or the four years following. It was the coverage of this event and realizing that the majority of news personalities had no idea the Titanic wasn't just a movie...
Never trust authority,  if it feels unsafe it probably is. Fuck that guy, Schettino.
Shit I remember this, never thought it was this dramatic tho
the real culprits here are the ones who hired the captain, how do you invest half a billion only to pick that clown
YAASSSSSS WOOOOHOOOOOO YEAH BOI THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
every time I watch this kind of video I always wondering there's no way this is real        turn out its real
At 8:40, that’s “O Mio Babbino Caro” which is about a woman being dramatic and telling her father that if she can’t have her man, she’ll jump off the nearest bridge.
Linus Ship Tips ,sadly a show we'll never get
Christmas already!
Was that a hand reveal at 25:18?
Appreciate the halo music after 23:00
a friend  of mine was there with his family, they managed to get out the ship pretty easy and they didn't suffer at all, all his family got 25k euros from the insurance company since all of them allegate psychological damaage, after that he bough himself a wolf sirocco, nowadays he still driving it what a nice caar
Thank god he is back. I was looking thru his channel thinking to myself “I miss this guy”
POV: You’re here in 2023 rewatching this for the 5th time.
That dead island music gave me flash backs.
I’m sorry but secret channel? Where
Impossible
The Twomad big killed me
Not the video we expected, but the one we didn't even know we wanted.
haha boat go blublublublub
Only once in my life i saw being cocky and "cool" work. I've seen it not working so many times tho.
Really puts the Tit in Titanic
The halo music kills me
Actualy, this was not the biggest cruise disaster since Titantic. The worst actualy was in 1991 when cruise ship "Tallina" sank in Baltic Sea. There were around 825 deaths....I recomend everyone to check that story, as many people outside Nordics have not heard about this disaster...
I wasn't expecting you to move your mouth, it startled me.
I remember when this happened. I was in grade school at the time and a classmate’s grandparents were actually two of the people that died. Incredibly sad that all this happened. Fuck that captain
A story this sad needed some comic relief. Too bad it was the captain.
Next Episode....the 2020 Election.  Clearly the most divisive topic of our time.
I'm supposed to go on a cruise in a few months and I'm also terrified of the ocean so thx for this
help the algo
There's an Internet Herstorian channel with no videos whatsoever. Is that the secret one?
NOOOOOO!! I love the 40 minute long videos
Ahh another monumental historical L documented by the internet historian
This is like HBO's Chernobyl and Schettino is just Dyatlov
wake up samurai there is a new Internet Historian video
What's the song at 40:26
Happy I subed to you a few months ago when I did. This is quality Youtube.
Did you eat the spaghetti after?
I would recommend people listen to the audio file of the captain and the coast guard who was telling him to get back on the ship. It's absolutely hilarious.
I recognize payday music anywhere my dude
LETS GOOOO
Where's the lanky kid with the big head and funny hairdo? I've grown quite fond of him!
My god! this is magnificent!
Internet Historian: "A couple more days" Also Internet Historian: "2 weeks"
I remember this story
This is incredible
The captain: The list is only 3.4 degrees, not great, not terrible.
LTT = 🤣🤣🤣🤣👌
The koreans that were fast asleep is such a mood.
These videos are really keeping me Afloat During the pandemic
Evading the court like a true Indonesian  My man....
Mualim kapal goblok, gak ceto inggris jo nyupir su
The only channel that I'm cool with the ad time.
It irritates me a lot that the actual driver got away. If anything, I think he should serve longer than the captain.
24:11 anti-drug ads be like:
Another documentary I didn't realize I needed, I already know this is going to be fun
There is no point in the video in which you can't see maximum editing, comedic and research effort. Holy shit this is insanely well made.
That Linus bit got me good
You know it a good day when internet historian upload a video
19:07 I know this is a tense moment, but I can’t concentrate because of the Hollow Knight music.
Love your vids
Finally, a new vid
De Falco: Why Rome became an Empire   Schettino: Why Rome lost it's Empire
under cover of darkness
14 ads and a sponsorship. Sucks that it has to go this far now
LTT has been real quiet since this dropped....
“Not content with abandoning his ship, this dude is determined to abandon his wife as well” How do you consistently come up with absolute bangers like this IH? Had me laughing nonstop for a good while there.
Yo is that Honret's theme song that starts playing around the 19 minute mark?
Some one save it It might be blocked
this shit is really dramatic wow
The pictures of the ship while destroyed...are just so unsettling and distopian
No one asked for this and no one cares. Who told you to make a video on a ship???
He's gotta make a video on the reddit gamestop situation, I mean it covers all bases of internet historian, reddit, gamestop, and the internet.
Oh boy Schettino, the nostalgia
He has returned 🙏🏻🙏🏻
I got to meet different kinds of human beings in a 46 min video. Thanks internet historian!
yo did anyone find his hidden channels yet? (46:25)
Incredible video. Loved the Linus intro.
aww man i wanted to see the ship trip into a glass coffee table
Awesome work
Wait so he is on a different boat and is also the guy who stole the bell?
At least the passengers survived.   "32 people died."  WHAT?!
Italians always ship it
is this an ad for the sims 4 😂😂😂😂
Those sim characters are real expressive
Your videos are absolutely awesome. Thank you for the content you supply us with, and on the second channel as well. Your work is GREATLY appreciated.
ok so these are normally amazing but this one is a fucking masterpiece
Woah. Just woah.
Waduh orang indo
6:22 damn right when I was taking a sip of water 😂
Haha what a massive wiener of a captain
I love how there is Netflix ad in front of this video and you can press skip button right after logos
that poor spegetti
At some point NordVPN is gonna have to look into these ads you're doing. It's basically it's own separate little B plot when you do a video.
YES
You should do the paradise fire and how a failed system killed so many
Anotha MASTAPIECE VIDEO *chefs kiss*
Yo u went from documenting obscure memes, to legit full on research historian
So stupid Titanic
😂😂😂 linus shiptips how long that take xD
an upload thank you god!!!
was not worth the wait
every cut with the Costa Concordia going into Gordio kills me
What I hear: "I've got a good feeling about this." What I see: "i'VE GOt A GoOd FEEliNG ABouT ThIs."
giglio
was not expecting that LTT intro xD
Return of the King.
cyberpunk pls
Spicey
Nooooo I want more 45 minute + videos. Those are my favorite!
I heard the Halo 3 opening ost. 24:10
I was not expecting that subject but enjoyed it a lot.   What a major shitshow that was..
Moldova*
Damn i remember watching this on the news
ADUH RUSLI MALU RUS, BAPAK LU SAMA INTERNET HISTORIAN NONTONIN LU RUSS
he’s back!
"Help, I'm all out of ideas."
22:46 you think i cant spot that amazing theme? I literally had my volume low and i still heard it. Great choice. A man of good taste.
bruh
Thanks for the content man, and hey thanks for answering all the questions I has at the end of the video, youre one hellava guy, guy 😎
so people, hit me up what are the secret channels?
i was like historian fucking ditched us and stopped posting then i see its 46m and thats tech 3 and a a half videos
What a ride! You fucking rule
What is with Australia and putting things up on ebay? First New Zealand then the Concordia
I watched all of the midroll ads. You more than deserved it.
the ship is already crashed and im not even half way complete.. makes me so happy
"it's been 8 years" since what since you last fucking uploaded???  Seriously tho mate love your videos keep em coming
Fantastic
Impeccable
Lol the halo music
Its been so long
This is peak docu-tainment!
16 years for the captain's sentence. 6 months for every person he got killed. What an insult.
Halo 3 music choice: 12/10
I want to believe that the bell is still out there but they probably melted it down
happy valentines day
Finally              Water video
26:24 Probably stole the bell to melt down for the material.
Yes
35:46 That eyebrow animation is a piece of art.
nice
Internet Historian, offering the world's greatest Sims 3 gameplay
Omg he's back! You have been missed mate!
The company killed 33 people and payed off the Justice System. The rich have different police and laws than everyone else.
Probably unlikely, but i'd love to see you do an interview with Gregorio De Falco. Put an Internet Historian swing on things
I didn’t like boats to begin with, and now I have a heart attack when I play the airboat mission in HL2
mfw hear silksong
if it weren't super illegal and very dangerous i would love to take a stroll around the broken ship. get a good dose of that nice surreal "there used to be happiness here" feeling.
This was a great video, many revelations I didn't know about it.   Here's some food for thought for a future video....The MH17 flight that was shot down over Ukraine 2014
The image of the ship superimposed over someone falling over and then exploding made me laugh really fucking hard. 😂
My favourite bit was the Italian hand gestures.
what an anxiety trip, nevermind actually being on the boat.
That Linus tech tips parody had me fucking DEAD 🤣
more deet videos pls
What happened to the lady in the magic trick box
I want to kiss this beautiful man for existing (no homo)
Never clicked faster in my life, and that’s compared to when I first saw the single ladies in my area ad
Do you gain anything with every streamer in existence reacting to your videos? I always wonder if your views go up or not. I personally wish they wouldn't upload it to youtube and just cut it out of a vod and keep it on twitch.
HE POSTED
He found the password
How do I buy stock in internet historian
I was wondering why I was so tense at 19:40, it's not because of all the action and danger going on its the Hornet's theme playing in the background giving me PTSD
All I can say is...    Clap. Clap. Clap.
Yes 0:19
Holy shit he’s back. It’s a fuckin miracle
finnaly!
Watching this actually stresses my out
the story’s over why is there a nordvpn ad and like 30 more minutes
Internet historian is the only person in the world who can keep me interested in ads
When the opera music kicks in: CEASAAAAAAARRR
Great video. Would love to see sources listed. Doing a QA?
They should hold the next Fyre Fest on a Concordia
we love you
I learn and remember more from internet historian than any fact channels.
damn I gotta do an essay for tomorrow and here I am watching this shit instead of doing essay ps this is some quality shit 10/10
*slowly applauds and stands weeping*
my guy I love the joke but how you gonna waste a whole bowl of spaget.
bing ba ba bing bing bong  XD
That was amazing. I'm a big fan of disaster documentaries and that was no joke one of the best, most detailed ones about the Costa Concordia that I've ever seen.
historian: "ad time"  me: ugh. ads. skip...wait i forgot we're watching historian. watch it.
22:40, gotdamn, good choice in music.  [edit - as I'm not through all of it] Wow, excellent use of the Halo OST.
The part that starts from 24:14 is pretty nightmare fuel.
40:16 T just casually eating his spaghetti :) good one
HE UPLOADED HE UPLOADED HE UPLOADED
it's about time after 5 months
Well not sleeping tonight
This is pure gold. No. It's a pure diamond vein.
gf loved it, funny af
domnica cemortan was on the planes that hit the world trade center in the cabin to be precise
i just love to listen in
another calssic
And now I want to play halo 3
Finally the Cyberpunk video we've all been asking for!
LETS GOOOO NEW UPLOAD
This is so good. Screw the Netflix original I had been watching. This is way better.
Awesome video
I like how comprehensive you’re videos are you always make sure to cover the complete story
Bruh this content is so fucking good
Wait, is the live channel supposed to be secret? Anyone else know of the others?
Wow you actually didn't lie when you said that you were gonna upload it on your twitter
he just wanted to swim in the closed pool
So nobody gonna talk about the hidden channels he mentioned at the end?
Too funny
Ilona's scam was in the hungarian news when this hapened.. 🤣🤣
I've seen a lot of people (I wanna know if there is a medical term for this) that they at all cost try to keep even the possibility of getting as much help out of the question.  Like 9/10 times an over reaction will always be better then an under reaction in safety situations.
Titanic 2: Italy's Boogaloo
"Schettino, you may have saved yourself from the sea, but I'm going to make you pay, I'm going to make you miserable."
Imagine dying on a ship called the Cost of Concordia because of pure crew incompetence.
babe wake up new internet historian vid dropped
BABE BABE GET UP INTERNET HISTORIAN JUST UPLOADED A NEW VIDEO
It's supposed to be a video of a ship sinking.  But all it does is make me nostalgic for the days when we could go on cruises.
All right everyone we gotta find the secret channels
Well it looks like its time to go rewatch all of his old videos again.
Holy shit we are having actual and unironicly important history today! And still feels like good shitposting.. Hats off internet historian.. hats off
I was about to go to bed and then... new Internet Historian video appears :O I can't praise enough your content. I wonder what Linus will say about the "shittips" bit :D
I have followed this story for quite along time
I appreciate the Sims heads.
Secret channels?
Great job as always!
wood laminate wood laminate wood laminate.... fuck the ship
19:08 nice Hollow Knight ost
I'm not sure what would frighten me if I was a co-pilot or just some guy on the bridge at the time but if I was and I heard the cap utter the phrase "I'mma eyeball it." I think I'd be rightly a tad bit petrified....
Moral of the story? Make sure your helmsman speaks the same language you do. Jesus Christ, How's a man gonna literally outsource key ship functions? He'd have been better off calling Indian tech support.
I NEED another episode of Noir: VPN
I missed you...
Fantastic
"the deets"  IS THAT A CYBERPUNK REFERENCE?!?!
Q: Whats the difference between a smart Indonesian and a unicorn?  A: Nothing, they're both fictional characters.
Schettino è una vergogna nazionale
"hold on i'm reversing it BEEPBEEP BEEEP " man i died when i heard that
I still can't believe my mom's best friend since forever actually was about to not go on the ship (she survived though) insane
Snapchat has a Bitmoji Paint game where each account can paint a few pixels on a giant planet. How long do you think until 4chan gets to it
I can't get over the fact that he used Halo music and it's fucking great.
Damn, that Keemstar edit was CLEAN
where cyberpunk?
The moral: if you steer boats for a living, learn your left from your right.
The Internet Historian is gonna be the director of official documentaries and be in the history textbooks until the end of time.  Also, I just remembered seeing a video about this a few years ago. It honestly could've been preventable so easily.
The best trick that magician ever did was make himself disappear lol
25:00 I hope you use that "The Deets" spaghetti bit again because you made an awful mess for one use.
Is that... is that Hornet’s theme playing at 19:43?
Now I kinda wanna see something like this for Chernobyl... Probably won't happen, but a man can dream...
And even if that ship survived till now it would have been scraped along with many many other cruise ships because of the bug.
YESSS YOU UPLOADIJEDD I LOE YOUTT THANK YOU MY FOOD TIME IS SO MUCH BETTER
What's with the halo music
Please cyberpunk 2077 video :(
What if captains are like chefs, and thus have rats under their hats, and the Costa Concordias captain just had a bad rat?
Did you.... Recompose my heart will go on to beat the algorithm? Or perhaps to avoid the Wrath of Rene?
Remember when this channel did 4 minute videos on 4chan stuff? This man has created the most unique style since then. I can only hope to see how far he goes.
Using the music from Halo from genius!
Real talk? Amazing animation and visuals. You're super talented my guy.
Yes yes finally a new video
Oh god 15 years to make a video and it HAS to be about this ship
I already hate cruise ships with a passion. All that money spent on the most vanilla form of middle class white people luxury imaginable. God I fucking hate them and this video just makes me hate them more.
Bro at least the f magician had the decency to undo the latch before bailing lmao
Costa Concordia was owned and operated by Carnival cruises. All of the major cruise accidents in the past decade have occurred on Carnival owned ships. Royal Caribbean (and subsidiaries) and Norwegian have had minor accidents, but nothing major.
Amazing video as always.
The battery and the bell.
Your work is incredible. thank you
I always loved the story of the costa concordia because its a modern day titanic, but with much less tragedy, and significantly more hubris and complacency... and a whole lotta incompetents and later on, cowardice.
When he says, its been 8 years, I was wondering if he was referring to the content of the video or how long it took to get his password back
WELCOME BACK !!!!
Sound like you had fun makeing this Nord vpn Ad.
Holy shit only at the end did I notice it's the main channel boiii
Mate I'm just watching your videos for the ads.
man he makes some amazing content
Dang no more first channel 45 minute videos
Infuckingcredible amounts of work youve done. This is beautiful.
dude holy heck this was insane quality and explanation of the story. GG
one of the only channels where I won't skip the ads on the video
What a _spicy_ story, they could make a titanic sequel from this xD
According to IH’s upload schedule, I’m pretty early.
How do these videos just keep improving. You love to see it
How to not sink a ship guide book   RULE 1: never say your ship is unsinkable
The gentleman pirate, now Costa Concordia; More like nautical historian... 😭🤤💁🕺🚢🚢🚢🚢🚢🚢🚢
Excellent work.
the captain looks like Italian Michael Scott
Lol this story why?
PRAISE BEEEEE!!!!!!
25:23 27:11 31:53 34:54 37:55 40:21 43:45
Thanks for coming back mr historian.
Always worth the wait, you ol ' scallywag!
Not to be that guy but...  bearings and courses are given in 3 digits.  So  330 would be spoken as three, three, zero, not three thirty. Just wanted to stroke my maritime wisdom a bit.
I love his KKK VPN ads
AYE HE FOUND THE PASSWORD
the way you managed to add both an overwatch and skullgirls reference in this. im impressed.
The drug thing actually makes his ridiculous stalling make more sense. He pretended nothing was wrong until he could get shit off board lol
WAIT WHAT THE HELL????? I THOUGHT THIS WAS INCOGNITO MODE
For fucks sake, what happened to the magician's assistant 😢
I shit my pants
Your subject matter and content quality are steadily getting better and better. Every time I get a notification that you have posted a new video I get excited. Despite everything being horrible and the world being on fire at least we can all be happy that the internet historian is finally posting things at a much more regular rate.
This was just absolute perfect
But I love the long videos. I know it must take a hell of a lot of time to make, and I'm NOT going to stop watching your incredible videos because they're shorter. You, sir, are a hero.
I was one of the first 300 thousand, always remember that
45min video = BAD.  3 x 15min video = GOOD.  ME/you/audience = Bruh ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
If the capitan didn’t turn the wheel, then a lot more people would’ve died
Secret channels 👁👁
you lost me when you use linus intro
Jacob is the chad, he just fled the country and they can't catch him 😂
All of this is nice and all, but you didn't answer the most important question, what happened to the poor lady in the box? Is she still trapped at the bottom of the sea, wanting to be released from the box so she can inflict her vengeance upon the mage that betrayed her?
I~ I dont need sleep
please tell me about the secret channels, I want more Internet Historian content and I've already binged everything else you've uploaded.
I probably missed it, but what happed to the lady in the magic box?!
Who tought that historic drama, green-screened memes and Hollow Knight OST go so well together.
TLDR: Fake it till you sink it
Finally a new fresh video yay😊
Internet Historian, we ask of you in our time of need,  to cover the Enclave once ruled by Sneed.  A mod of bad fame, a child's worst fear, for New Vegas a mod called Fallout Frontier.  With cases involving furries, pedos and fetishes too, we figured it was up your alley, or so said Zu.  Please cover the disaster known as Fallout Frontier.
Sees new Internet Historian video in feed  "Oh It's Beautiful."
3:25 how the fuck that asshole get easily hired in foreign country with low skill, meanwhile in Indonesia its fucking hard to be pns
Man really should have talked more about the salvage operations. That was super interesting.
43:50 I was not expecting linus ship tips. Probably the most underrated part of this
I know you ate that spaghetti
Vsauce, Sim here
9:05 to skip to the ad
Sea you in another 5 months historian! I like most times, in these kinds of disasters, The punishment never fits the crime. But I genuinely felt good that the captain got what he deserved. If only his mistress would’ve joined him.
What happened to the lady who was the bottom half of the magic trick? I thought that you would say something about her but you never followed up
Damn you're a good storyteller
When are we getting more 3 and 4th channel videos I need more storymode
I have to say, you have the best ad skits I've ever seen!!!! I will never skip them.
Frickin' LTT reference outta nowhere!
Loved it. Great story.
spicy
Ah yes speaking of music i do appreciate some good old payday 2 sound track during the scenes where they are attempting to miss the shoreline and rocks.
I Just have exam from maritime navigation today xddd
Satire
24:10 dang looks like you put a fallout filter on the pictures lol
This is a fucking masterpiece.
THE ALL FATHER OF YOUTUBE HAS RETURNED
Should have just called this Titanic 2
how did they manage to get the shittiest black box in the world and why is a massive ship not given redundant black boxes
You know it’s gonna be good when collision happens, there are still 38min to go. Just the tip of the iceburg if you will.
I really like the use of the Hollow Knight Mantis Lords ost
We both know you got this from watching Bright Suns Films. Great information though! 10/10
2 minutes in and I'm already thinking... WHAT THE HELL?
Deputy mayor was a badass lmaooo same with cenessa he should of been the captain
This could be the best storytelling since the Chernobyl Mini series, The lies the everything
A near 47 minutes of why you should never hire someone based on them being your drinking buddy.
That Hornet theme tho
Love this channel
46 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!  YOU MADD MAN
I NEED THOSE HIDDEN SECRET CHANNELS INTERNET DO YOUR THING
Horribly misrepresentation of Italian culture not enough cigarettes
The Skullgirls OST is underated.
Thank you. You have made my night alot better
Don’t get your helmsmen off of wishlist essentially lol
I'm pretty sure I heard the vice city soundtrack
I actually remember hearing about this shit haha fuck
i am entertained and enraged you made spaghetti just for that deets joke
B-but, I really like the 45 minute videos on the main channel  😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Get Casual Navigation in here!
I went to click on this thinking it was an older video and then got unreasonably excited when it was only an hour old.
Wonderfully done! Really enjoyed this one
Budget: Editing Labor: ???? Voiceover: ???? Spaghetti: $2.00 Sauce: $3.00
I can't believe you ruined a perfectly good plate of spaghetti.
Finally
I remeber this crazy shit , I'm so glad I get to know so much more since the news got bord of it after like two weeks. And mafia ties would make sense since he went from security to Capitan in just two danm years
fuck the ocean, man
Anybody know what his other channels are?
Turn off the engine! *facepalm*
Can't believe it's been 8 years...I remember when this happened.
Here is every IH channel:  • The main one, Internet Historian (you're here).  • Internet Historian: Incognito Mode (where "In the Field" and other, more-improvised content are posted. Incognito Mode often features SumitoMedia, Ordinary Things, and many other amazing creators who deserve a lot more attention than they get now).  • Internet Historian on Twitch (Livestream).  • Internet Historian: Live (VODs and Highlights from his Twitch channel).  • Internet Historian Green Screens (Very short green screen clips for editing).  • Internet Herstorian (His [potentially former] partner's channel with no content).  • Internet Historian Re-uploads (Old content reborn, like Jesus, but Jesus didn't have shit-posts, so it's better).  • Storymode (Where he recounts the various plots of different video games). Credit to Herringliam for finding this one.
the editing on this one is godly, historian. You're doing a great service.
The Captain used the secret technique of using his legs... and running away
God, I fucking love you.
Truly disgusting, that some “people” would do these horrible things.
aint this dude supposed to be dead?
I love a long video to get comfy with. Though I have to ask why this topic out of all choices?
Please make a Noir movie
Thought it said linus shit tips
he returns
FINNALY GODAMNIT
Before smok after smok
Boi if you don't make a video on Cyberpunk.
It's all fun and games until a mysterious iceberg appears
38:49 the absolute mad lad and his boatload of trouble
Not gonna lie I cringed a little when you were saying the headings as “two-ninety” and “three hundred” instead of “two nine zero” and “three zero zero”, but that’s just navy habit. Great video!
My friends dad was the head lawyer for the victims in this case
Glory to the SNEEDCLAVE, do Fallout the Frontier next!
Omg it's happening
43:52 Love it.
THE CAPTAIN ENTERS A FUCKIN TUNNEL WHILST BOARDING A LIFE BOAT ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT
You are a master storyteller with amazing editing to-boot.
Who else watching this in the dark freezing half to death
The Titanic rip off movie Starring the coast of Concordia Brought to you by Internet historian
If anyone has links to those sneaky channels I would appreciate it greatly
Internet historian: uploads a video about the biggest shipwreck since titanic  Me: what's there for internet history here
I could not describe the happiness I felt from seeing a new video drop.
Never heard of the Costa Concordia before but I have a good feeling about this
So this whole affair happened because of scummy people and incapable (but cheap) people?
this wasn’t a video, this was a movie and a darn good one
Never expected Internet Historia to use hornets theme on 19:12.
lmao...  Linus Ship Tips   That ship is totally getting dropped.
Hey, I wanted to say that I appreciate you don’t make fun of the victims.
The fact that Jacob has evaded court for almost a decade at this point is amazing, what an absolute madlad.
you not allow
Aw yeah, bootleg titanic time
I never thought I'd hear Killer Instinct 2 music in an Internet historian video.   Real talk, excellent video as always.
Great narrative
I wonder when internet historian will make a new video ,BTW this guy died in January so made this comment for him
The Book title in English: The Submerged Truths
This guy is making his sponsors ads interesting enough where you dont skip them
I have a feeling he was drunk and made this to prove that he actually will make it
Was this all a setup by the captain? Why wouldn’t he just take over control?
I got ads for P&O cruises while watching this. Heh.
rip to the 32 poor souls that died cuz of this moronic captain
she really had the audacity to tell him he can't record a video on his phone... lmao
This was actually the most intense video i have ever seen.
The music in background is from payday 2
I was watching this thinking it was an episode on the side channel but now i found out this is on main yess amazing
"Costa Crociere has hired Jacob from Indonesia"  Oh, cool, an Indonesian.  "...he can't speak English or Italian very well at all."  ...oh.  "Let's talk about another big problem: *language barrier.* "  Oh no.
What happened to the magicians assistant?
Emo Captain sinking with the ship killed me, I laughed for 20 minutes, rolling around on the floor, I'm pretty sure I herniated both my testicles into orbit and they'll soon be on a trajectory into another galaxy soon.
Yet another historical event I have no memory of.
The captain's ringtone being "by the seaside" is perfect...the layers...the layers of this art.
I so wish I could laugh, then I remember a 5 year old and her dad died because of this.
Haven't watched the video yet. But just commenting to say how happy I am that internet historian has finally posted a video
What do you call this animation style? Demented stop motion?
The animation is a stuff of nightmares. Freddie Kruger himself would say it's too far
That coke scene on the captains bridge was classic. likely how it actually went down.
Linus shiptips, nice 👌
The Linus but was really well done, bravo
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
Your videos are a blessing in this pandemic
THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED
I mean I just worked a 12 hour shift until 3:30am dragging shit by hand around a cold and wet shit covered yard and somehow this just made me sit at the kitchen table for 45 minutes as if it was 5. Another amazing video and the best thing I could think to come home to watch tonight. Cheers dude, looking forward to more regular uploads you fucking legend 😘
1 hour ago bruuuuuuh
Will your next video be about cyberpunk 2077?
Babe wake up, new internet historian video just dropped.
Don’t care how long they take, these videos are always a treat.
Why in the name of the seven seas would anyone play the fucking Titanic theme song in a cruise ship?
Thank you for the video. It was entertaining and informative.
HE FINALLY REMEMBERED HIS CHANNEL PASSWORD
Posting this 1 min into the video just to say my grandma was in that cruise, lets see what the future awaits... Holy shit grandma
47 minutes?! Fuck yeah!
Use of sims characters is nice
He was a good magician     He made himself disappear
No no thank you!
Welcome back, King.
The content on this page has gotten so good I would seriously watch this in a movie theater if given the chance. Barring that at least on Netflix on my couch 😉
Time to hunt down the secret channels
the mouth why the mouth why did your mouth move in such a manner
What the fuck do you want her to do? She had nothing to do with the ship sinking.
You get my like for the Halo 3 music
That dominica is hot af
Fallout frontier
They should've just reversed and hard starboard and I don't know what I'm saying but I had you thinking that I know what I'm saying for a second there.
One of your best 🤠
The use of payday music is the right choice here it makes his stupidity more epic.
Internet Historian is a shining example of quality over quantity.
Hey I like the long format. Dang it
It's always a good day when a new Internet Historian video is released 😁 Good job on this one @Internet Historian 👍
Titanic 2: The Sequel No One Wanted
Thank GOD it's not another collab...
I never realized how tense music from Hollow Knight could make a film until this masterpiece. I’m on the edge of my seat right now.
Me and my dad watched this when he got home and man, we laughed our asses off. I already knew a bit about the Costa Concordia and even though this video took a while to get out, it was well fucking worth it. You are the best youtuber.
YES! New video!
He should be sentenced to life in occupying the lower half of a porta potty.
Next day: LinusShipTips     *690k Subscribers*
I love that the passengers abandon ship before they even get told
Where were all these hot chicks when I was married 😭 none now that I’m divorced 😭
chad de falco
*Hears hollow knight hornets song* "Oh its about to get real"
Need more like this in my life
good video
All this unbelievable mess, just because of a single incompetent, lying, handsome man Yeah, it all seems worth it
This is kinda sad
Internet Historian is my favorite anime
like titanic but stupid
I need to where those other channels now
aww, no more movies? I love the 20 minute + format.
big fak off bell
god bless your work, this made me laugh so loudly at points x
Damn, I wished I can die 3+ times in one life.
I cant wait for your video on The stonks / Gamestop crash
This guy had way too much fun editing in the Concordia getting rekt in various clips.
Good video! Upload more frequently.
Well, this was fun, cya in 6 months/a year
breh....
Internet Historian, like first, watch now.
As I watch 4.2k likes and 8 dislikes, impressive
this was your best video. fucking love it man. incredibly well made. i appreciate every detail
this was great. More 45min videos. Don't be a loser
I miss you <3
I didn't know The Internet Historian was an actual historian...
*T H E   D E E T S*
INTERNET HISTORIAN IS BACK!!!!
Internet historian:topic
Fucking hell that linus ship tips got me good
@InternetHistorian  Is the odysee channel with the same name actually yours?
What a video. You're the best
PMSL at the Linus bit and the Asmon camio... Kudos sir, you rock!
42:20 what's the problem with vietnamese and hiding?
I fucking love you, internet Historian
This pirated documentary seems off
babe wake up, internet historian posted a new video
NOOOOOoOooooo Was hoping for a 45 minute epic on the GME saga after this :'(  RIP the long vids
I heard that hollow knight music you slipped in there
my opinion is simple to Schettino.  Yes it was a nasty situation, but if you can’t handle the responsibility (let alone guide others to safety like a proper captain) than don’t be a captain! And the fact he just left as one of the first and lied to everyone he truly deserved the title “chicken of the seas”
Playing heats will go on on a ship EVER is a bad idea!
What if you wanted to go to heaven But God said: "The compensation being offered is not commensurate"
71 dislike are prob from the Italian after seeing that Spaghettis being massacre halfway though the video
I have to respect Jacob Rusli Bin, took a job he wasn't qualified for, tried his best, and when things went tit's up, ran the fuck away. Don't get me wrong, he deserves to be in jail for his actions, actions that caused millions in damage, thousands of suffering, and 33 dead, I'm just simply astonished by the fact that he even have the audacity to run away.
This really feels like a documentary, with shitpost on the side, instead of the other way around. Nice work dude🤌🏼🤌🏼
As an Italian, I agree that the "inchino" move is just pointless and dangerous. Just to flex the ship near small cities (it happens often on the Cinque Terre, between La Spezia and Genua)
He kept on lying to the people who were trying to help him.
I subbed to you this morning thinking since the last video was 5 months ago that there may be no point and then BAM! content 🙏🏻
Oscar Worthy Documentary
After watching this video I’m not sure I’m ever going on a boat again lol  But Like it seems so cursed, really really creepy. And it’s freaky how no matter how good technology gets the ocean stays unexplored.
You can barely blame the captain, he already had a horrible record under his belt and was still somehow hired. When you hire an incompetent employee, shit goes wrong. When your employee is in charge of an entire cruise liner... the possible error is bad to say the least.
I’m just waiting in a few years we all forget about the GameStop and Wall Street Bets and then boom we get recommended internet historians video about it
Was not expecting the fan cam
How did we get here?? Oh yes AD Thyme
I watched the documentary on the salvage operation. It was very interesting to see. The new technology made just for this.
This man be making entire documentaries with Google still images. Give this man an award
This is sick
I have to get ready for work. But this is more important.
The eye ball it should be a meme
Its been so long it felt like the last video was yesterday
Hollow knight music siiiick
15:05 when Tanker Incident played I lost my mind 😂
This language barrier shows that diversity isn’t our strength
The good thing about being an anglo with an awful sleep routine is that I can catch my boy's videos right out of the gate.
What happened to the girl in the magic Box?
No more 30 min vids? Aww man ... guess that’s just how life is.... disappointment everywhere
what a surprise good days
Can't wait for the Internet Historian vid on Caesar's invasion of Gaul and the intricacies of Germany's WW1 strategy.
2:11 I was not prepared for that...
Cada dia estoy mas convencido de que Italia es otro pais de latinoamerica
25:10 Internet Historian is How To Basic confirmed.
Oh contrar, who WOULDN'T steal a big fuck off bell?
Captain: Don't worry the ship is in control  Meanwhile, the ship: ↙️↙️⬇️↘️⬇️↘️➡️⬇️↗️⬆️➡️↘️⬇️⬇️
Zip me the deets
A film of the ages a true box office succes they shall study this in film school for generations no for a millennia this "movie" if I can even call it that its an award winning certified hood classic if ever I've seen one.  All in all I as the self titled esteemed film reviewer rate this a 700/4 it just really makes you feel your brad pit
HE'S ALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
Alternate title: Mansion donated to huge groups of sealife
his mouth was animated the hell?
this is not a youtube video. this is full full fledged documentary
Internet Historian: Live Internet Historian: Greenscreens Internet Historian: Incognito Mode Internet Historian: Live Storymode  Am I missing any?
No I love these longer videos :(
I was really hoping Linus was gonna do a bit there....
24:12  Aperture labs in portal 1 vs Aperture labs in portal 2
I'm glad IH finally spilled the spaghett on the truth of Concordia
This event proves why it's bad to be a simp.
here I am, expecting Corona news, and we be gettin' Titanic news
So if the main channel is going to have more of the 10 - 20 minute videos again, will you ever do these long form videos in the future? I’m just saying it would be fun to see a Nukening of Duke Nukem Forever.
takes him as long to upload as an entire movie production team films / edits theirs
43:58 had me dead lol
lmao you did this story justice. i didnt think it would be something you would cover
I’m two minutes in and I’ve had to pause for researching the bottle smashing & this Antonio Magnotta piano dude...gonna be a long but great video
Ah well, the 45 minute documentaries were good while they lasted...
no YouTube I do not need Netflix I got Internet Historian
I love these vids. The storytelling is on point and the humor is so good.
eh.
I love the use of sims in this
Sung: "SECRET CHANNEL---- SECRET CHANNEL"
I'm a simple man. When Internet Historian uploads, I click.
This was such a well-done documentary.  Good job Historian.
Worst HR team ever, how the fuck they hired all this people to be in charge of something that expensive
Y the hell are such incompetent ppl in charge of such an expensive ship
WOOOO HES BACK LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I say if the story is 100%. Captain reacted okay (in driving at the start). But Helmsman with all the bad factors fucked it
"but this isn't the end, this is just the halfway point"
Wait wait.  Should be he still be in jail today?  How did he get to the party?
26:21 that bell is prolly worth a fair bit on the black market i'd bet
Holy shit I'm even not 6 minutes in and this is actually some of the best stuff I've seen.
Why wasn't this released at my nearest theater?
This is a documentary. You have made art, sir.
Art
Thanks for the Halo music, an absolute epic man
Imagine, just IMAGINE thinking that going on a cruise ship is luxurious in any way
Wow there's some Shenmue references in this yesss we have found the sailorsssssssssssss
Quick justice
if any one want to know how she capsized  there are well made video about costa concordia 2 years ago in channel called casual navigation
I remember watching a documentary on this wreck. I forgot how absurdly incompetent all parties involved were on this.  Edit: A+ for the Linus Tech Tips reference.
I remember when this happened, night of my birthday 1/13/12. Also, where cyberpunk video
I’m 7.5 minutes in and I’m actually sweating. WTF IH!? Lol
43:50 holy shit that was amazing, got a solid laugh out of me!
Next video when ?
This is gonna be good
YESSS
35:00 was that skullgirls Music, if so thank you
"BEYBLADE BEYBLADE BEYBLADE BEY!"
Great Scott, a new video!
That captain is shady as shit how tf did he get the job?
You finally made a new video  Yay
He back
Sleeping is overrated, watching this rigth now.
Well there goes Nemo.
At last! The return of our internet Historian
A video
Hey IH, could you please put also Italian subtitles? I would like to show this to some of my friends who don't understand a word of english, but are quite curious about worldwide facts. Especially since I'm Italian. Grazie
Holy fuck, I lost it at the "you're so precious" bit.
based
Pros: he is getting better at animation of his mouth Cons: he is getting better at animation of his mouth
The eerie music that plays in the before and after shots of the ship is really fitting
God, I remember the commercials for this shit. I thought cruise ships were the height of luxury as a kid.
Internet historian: posts   Everyone: you have my attention
A main channel video?! I'm both shocked and in awe!
The Halo Music made the video, was fucking terrified that the Flood would start popping out of the abandoned wreck
Lmao he just fled the country
I say this without a hint of irony, you are one of the greatest filmmakers around.
Wow im early...... Not early but like....... Early....... This is the proudest moment of my life
What?
"what're you gonna do, hoist the sails?"
46:04 that noise just before it hits the water has me in tears omg
The quality of this one was fantastic
This is the finest Costa Concordia documentary I’ve seen.
Our mother
Ad time’s just started, and I’m already invested in/furious at this story of the Concordia.
22:40 - A nice Walk in the Woods.
And this is why language barriers suck
The transition gags cracked me up every time . Great vid.
anyone knows about secret channels?
That Cyberpunk 2077 vid is gonna be IH’s magnum opus
hey sexy  do cyberpunk next  see you in a few months
Whenever IH uploads I immediately drop everything and watch it
This is the last place I'd ever expect to hear Killer Instinct music.
I'm so excited I'm getting up to get snacks
We've been blessed.
This comment is here as a proof that Internet Historian is now too popular to talk to commoners
It’s crazy that the company got off scot free considering one of (if not the main) reason this happened is that they put a guy that never steered a cruise ship before and couldn’t speak Italian well at the helm.
24:13 I wonder why there's a giant dent in the middle of the ship. Was that from the rock it ended up resting on?
I’ve been waiting for months    I was not disappointed and it’s 12:00 am and I have school        Worth it
Looking forward to the inevitable Gamestop video once this all comes to an end lol
Good job this is great
Internet Historian: Meters, more meters and the metric system Me an American: mmmmmm size mmmmm feet mmmmmmm math
Beautiful
Honestly I loved the long vid.
Now this. This is popcorn worthy.
Something primitive reacted in me when his mouth moved  38:31 is one of my new favorite IH moments
Internet Historian is legit one of the best channels on YouTube. When you can make millions of people watch your videos off of your name and reputation alone, and not just the topic of the video, you know you’ve found something special. Love the channel dude can’t wait to see what’s next!
you know its a notable opsie when the internet historian makes an h long video about your oopsy
I love how you used halo music to show us the ship after the crash because it looks exactly like the spaceship on the final mission of halo 1.
Holy crap that was a mess and yay Hollow Knight music.
This could have only happened in Italy or argentina
Love Linus Ship Tips!
Yes the lord bless us today! Here yee faith!
Boy, this cruise ship must have costa lot
its been a while, this was amazing
The new titanic.
Luv the halo 3 music adds so much atmosphere
Thank you for the eggsellent new video IH!
Oooh yes new video let's go
As an Australian I greatly appreciate the appearance of Russell coight
If your pandemic tinder date wont watch the newest internet hostorian documentary with you, they're not the one.
Finally!
Did I miss what happened to the lady in the magic box that slid off the stage?
I never expected the hollow knight soundtrack to fit an intense documentary scene but it does quite well. hats off to you!
Titanic 2
Soo umm wheres my gamestop....?
Halo music. Nice choice.
I miss shadow man
Gah that captain's smug face makes my blood boil... All those lives lost over a bit of fucking pride...
I lol'd at the coconut lingerie.
Dust and echos was a nice touch
By the lacks of pasta inside the ship i almost thought it was a Hungarian ship, vavanculo!
no homo i love you
42:15
Seriously need a video on Fallout: The Frontier.
No more 45 minute videos on the main channel? awww I enjoyed those the most.
Schettino should have gotten life in prison considering THIRTY THREE PEOPLE DIED. They lost their life he should lose his.
the Linus ShipTips make me laugh so hard, i woke my child up
nice use of the hollow knight music it was perfect
I almost feel bad, the amount of time it takes for these videos and i just binge it right away lol
Talk about all of the people in Southeast Texas that don't have heating, power, or water in this winter storm. It's all thanks to ERCOT; people have already died.
Loved it! Eat your cereal
He should have been given the chair. How did he even get the job to begin with?
Incredible craftsman.  A+.
Yet another great video.
are there even clues for finding the other channels?
Eyyyyy you back
ay what are IH's hidden alt channels i need them now
Your perfect use of that amazing Halo music is second only to the games themselves.
I was hoping to see the fall of 77 - the greatest sequel ever (cyberpunk 2077) but this will do
For some reason i got chills when the halo music got on
My favorite small detail was at 38:46, the name of his ringtone on Apple is called “By the Seaside”, exactly where Schettino was at when the disaster was happening
This internet historian video was *spicy*
35:48 was that Splinter Cell Chaos Theory music by Amon Tobin lol. Nice
Honestly the fact that this the most disastrous cruise since the titanic shows that nautical safety has improved a lot. And the only reason this was so bad was due to the colossal mismanagement And poor decision making.
God has dropped a video
What a masterpiece.
"It's just the halfpoint" YOU Wot?!
wait this is not about cyberpunk 2076 ok i will wait a few more years
Excuse me sir where is the ‘fallout the frontier’ video??
What a fire video. Happy tuesday
Nice
No. thank YOU!
He has returned! Praise Be!
This was better than any Netflix documentary could have done
How did I not hear or remember anything about this. It wasn't even 9 years ago! This shit was insane.
35.17 hello Asmon
19:11 SHAW
The poor helm handling, incompetent damage control, and lack of proper survivability measures is astounding. I know it’s not fair to judge a cruise ship by the standards of warships, but still. Even a crew of merchant mariners could have saved that situation.
I see the Captain was an avid mememer
The only channel where I actually watch the ads, I'm fucking crying, it's so good
When he realizes he puts just as much work into second channel videos so he just uploads it to the main channel and no one even noticed. EPIC
"From here we only have mainstream news to rely on, so reports are going to be inaccurate"  Hahahaha YES. Absolutely yes
Oh my god it’s happening, ITS HAPPENING, HE POSTED A NEW VIDEO. YESSSS
bump
The bell is made from brass, it has a reasonable recycle value, also it looks cool in the lounge room.
I could watch an entire video about Ads for Nord VPN
The sims characters have me dying xD
Mmm that hornits theme
Watching that person dig into the spaghetti genuinely made me sick. I hope you can sleep at night having ruined that dish you fucking monster.
Definitely worth the wait. Thank you
fuckign finally
I'm an Indonesian, and i suggest that you search for Jacob Rusli in Bekasi city.   If you want to find a fleeing wanted jakarta man who doesn't bother with his own escapes, always search in bekasi
Looking forward to the GME WSB going BRRRRR
good video
boat sinky sinky
God so much work went into this video it's amazing.
POG NEW VIDEO
Amazing that all of this could've been avoided, if we only had NordVPN back then
Known Internet Historian Channels: Main Incognito Mode Live Story Mode If you know any more, add 'em
Oooo
aww yeeee, time to get comfy
I'm gonna tell my future kids that Leo DiCaprio looked like Harold
Oh my fucking god
Holy shit. Currently going through a winter storm in Texas- RIGHT when he said the power went out it did in my actual house. This is one hell of an immersive experience!
Honey, wake up, Internet Historian posted a new video
Linus ship tips actually killed me Haha!
The production value is amazing! Thank you for being such a great YouTuber
HALO MUSIC!!!!
I approve of the Sims 4 actors!
crazy we dont have to pay money to watch these
I'm not going to lie, that was the first time I skipped your ad.  You really put it in a bad place on the cliff hanger, and i wanted to see what was next.
Why r these videos such works of art
Is the Captain Donald Trump?
I LOVE YOU AND YOUR BULGE
Another amazing video
YEAH THE CONCORDIA! LET'S GO!!
Now where’s my Fallout : Frontier video?
The best content on the site
Internet Historian: The memoligy of tragedy.
Nooo, the Spegett. Why you do dis for the deets
I hate to give you compliments, but this was good.
How do you even steal a fuck off bell?
am i an asshole for expecting to see the dashcon ball pit photoshopped into one of the pics of the ship?
@1:38 *snort* "Akchually, the Titanic could survive with 4, and potentshally 5 compartmentsh flooded, not 2. You shuld do more researchsh.
This has the vibe of if the "Archer" TV started to make serious documentaries and I love it.
Cool guy...
Holy shit this is a good ass video
So you managed to recover your password?
Everybody gangsta until the Shanty men sing Bones in the Ocean
If thats whats all ads were like. I would never ever skip them
anyone else see this in there recommended and think it was old?
i feel sorry for you, having to watch that much keemstar to make that voice clip.
beautiful
I remember this story, if I’m not mistaken (I haven’t watched the whole video yet) the Captain tried to run away while people were still on the boat and instead of doing his job he was spending time with a couple of women he “smuggled” into the boat. What a mess.
THE TENSION
Vada a bordo, cazzo!
Here we go
You added halo music lmao
Man, you take a while to release your videos but the production value and sheer attention to detail is insane. Please keep this stuff up!
Sir, you are a genius
I've noticed that when it comes to disasters like this, it's almost always caused by incompetence. Even in the most extreme emergency situations, an experience and knowledgeable crew are able to deal with them effectively.  However, for the Concordia, and other larger disasters like Chernobyl. It's a case of everyone involved being so absolutely incompetent, that they take a perfectly manageable situation and accelerate it headfirst into the worst case scenario.
I’d prefer the longer videos, myself. Too much of what you get today is “quick bites” and I like the time you take to unpack a story.
This was all fun and games until the Halo 3 music sucker punched me in the face with nostalgia...
I was dying at the part where the Indonesian guy just  l e a v e s  the trial.
I just woke up at midnight not knowing where I was or what day it is, but this taken priority. Thank you internet historian.
It’s a good night. New IH and gaming.
Okay... I can't watch this entire thing today so, ILL BE BACK SEXY.
HE BAKKKKK
Return of the King
I was speed when ur notification appear
i cant believe you made some spaghetti for a clip, thats dedication.
FINALLY SOME GOOD FUCKING YOUTUBE
The Concordia just prove that ships can't do barrel rolls
The animations had my crying at times laughing. Thank you.
19:08 I HEAR THAT YOU CHEEKY BASTARD
The long awaited sequel to Dashcon, RainFurrest, the Varus, and of course, Fyre Festival.
Its been months
inep captain can sink a ship in the truelest sense.
been watching all the 2nd and 3rd channel vids. almost missed the new main on
thanks. great documentary
I've seen the interview between the captain of the coast guard and the captain of the Concord. Can't wait to watch this.
impressed at the nomenclature used in the video. Well done!
It's amazing that they had almost a kilometer of buffer between what was designated maximum safe distance and the actual hazards and still fucked it up
Thank goodness the Q&A is covering the spaghetti scene. I gots to know.
quality content once again
wow what a very exciting video omg the first 10 minutes had me sold
Welcome the fuck back.
If you were to go back in time and tell 2012 me that in the year 2021, I'd watch a 46 minute documentary about the Costa Concordia wreck, made by a kiwi, using Tom Goes to the Mayor-esque animations, and set to Halo 1 music, I'd probably have an easier time believing that than if you were to tell me about literally anything that happened in 2020.
Unsurprisingly the last big vid was released last year... Oh boy times fly
linus shiptips omegalul god tier content
Finally..
Babe wake up, new internet historian video
Italiani, che ne pensate di questo documentario?
Yes.
This comment is here to boost your standing in the youtube algorithm
He even did the weird little hiccup. Oh my god.
YouTube's best nautical history channel.
Not even a couple hours of posting this and you instantly obtain around a million views, crazy how youtube works like that
wake up babe new internet historian video dropped
The ad finishes at 10:46
You know, I’ve learned about the Costa Concordia and what happened, but this is pure entertainment so back into the sea I go
i genuinely love this videos
Titanic would have survived the collision that sank costa Concordia though. She was also an ocean liner and cruise ships and ocean liners might look similar they are not, ocean liners are 50% more expensive for a reason. Compare the Queen Mary 2 to the Costa Concordia and see how the hull is made to stand up to Atlantic winter weather.
NordVPN Speedrun disqualified
I've said it a few times before, but I'll reiterate. Never in a million years would I be interested in this topic, but your editing and presentation always seems to make whatever you produce a delight. ^_^
Ha ha, 30:09 The finger going through the common Italian expression instead of the OK sign is subtle comedic genius
This was a beautiful episode, we truly don't deserve you
Honestly a modern masterpiece. When is the Netflix deal coming?
Nobody: Linus: Drops Ship and abandons it.
Glad you found your password
This is not the topic I was expecting...
Another great episode
LET'S GOOOOO 8 YEARS AFTER THE LAST UPLOAD
I'm looking forward to a gamestonk vid from ih
NEW VIDEO HOLY SHIT
36:15 Amon Tobin - El Cargo from Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory
The animations were magnifique!  Muah👏
20:00 can we just thank the mayor that went out of his way to basically be a good person, like you wouldnt see it here in Australia unless it was a bushfire or something
I wonder if there's rule 34 of Internet Historian.
Youre still alive
I remember watching a video about this disaster months ago and lo and behold, it comes up again.  I still can't believe the captain had the fucking gull to be uncompetent with his crew and choosing of said crew and then abandon ship like it wasnt his problem at the cost of some lives. Glad hes in jail. Hope he never drives anything, not even a car, after hes out.
This man really changed into a suit while the ship was sinking the drip never takes a backseat
Man the animation is great this time round
Great video
Fricken Whoa, man
Very nice use of the Halo 1 music, Halo 3 music, and Tusk's Theme from Killer Instinct Gold.  Very well produced video, amigo.
This was awesome and amazing to watch! Please make more videos like this. I know you said you are moving away from 40+ min videos, but this was absolutely freaking amazing!! Thank you for making this video
Gotta love the halo music halfway through the video, as if the situation wasn’t already bad enough
Cut to Sumito telling his Italian mom that the ship is leaning.
We all know Schettino is the hero and martir of this story
I dont you historian.
f 45 min vids.... you will be missed
How haven't I heard about this before? What a total clusterfuck. Great video Internet Historian!
The production quality is unironically better than most YouTube channels covering similar content.   Like this is insanely easy to watch and follow along, even though its humorous.
Oh thank God for an Internet Historian upload, 2021 has been so shitty so far
Damn, why is hornets theme such a good fit for the ship crash scene Edit: I don't know when it starts but I noticed it at 19:57
let the hunt begin for the secret channel!
Well guys, see you all next February for the next video.
Jokes and stuff, but it is terrifying how easily human incompetence can cause a catastrophe.
Loving that Hollow Knight soundtrack in the background
The keemstar footage, golden. How long did it take you to find all of that?
That was enthralling. I'm usually not one to sit down and watch long videos like these in one sitting, but the editing and script made it too entertaining to stop watching. This really is one of my favorite channels on this god forsaken website.
Huh, I didn't know Notorious BIG was involved in this
46:01 I know where that's from.
How does this relate to internet history?
Just the other day I watched a documentary about the concordia
"Coincidentally, they were playing my heart will go on" You're shitting me. I swear you can't make stuff like this up.
Remember when he said he would try to upload twice a week...and not twice a year
Other channels: I skip ads. This channels: I buckle up and can't wait for the ad.
Fucking BEAUTIFUL as always!  What a trip!
Can someone please tell me where that song at 40:27 comes from right after he hits the pole?  I feel like it's the intro to some old TV show I used to watch but I can't quite place it.
Literally my favourite channel on all of YouTube.
The best story teller. I always watch these for weeks everyday multiple times. I just can't get enough of these!
fucking bravo Internet Historian
I just wanna know where that fuckin bell went. Who has it? Why? Is it hanging in your house? Try to sell it? I need answers.
When the world needed him most he returned.
Dominica looks like Fredrik Knudson
The crew of this ship makes the military look like extravagant spenders.
Once again you fascinate me with true stories I never knew I wanted to know.
"She did admit that she found him handsome" how could you not? *SHOWS MAN TITS*
That boat was really Tokyo drifting huh Excellent work xx
The amount of joy I feel watching this is not commensurate to the amount of effort put in to have made it. jk its fantastic.
nice use of hollowknight music my man
Man cooks an entire pot of spaghetti just for a bit. That's some dedication right there.
I never thought the soundtrack of hollow knight would work so well with a boat sinking
:)
i never get this invested in watching an internet video, damn I am speechless
So did Martin the Magician and his assistants make it out alive?
daaaaaaaaamn.... just... damn
You know what's really weird?  Wing Commander III: Heart of the Tiger opens with the hero looking at a giant supercarrier crashed on a planet like a sinking ship.  It's name?  The Concordia.  Game came out in the mid '90s.
A compilation of all your edds, I think is needed
I thought about you making a video about this yesterday lol
this is what happens when people who only think in terms of shareholders take on too tall of an order. you can dumb $600 million into any insanely ludicrous entertainment venture but it doesnt mean shit if you cut corners on your people. there is a human aspect to this.
You are so AMAZING! Thank you for curing my quarantine blues tonight! <3
The editing on this was godlike
I didn't expect your new video to be about a more serious event like this, but it's surely still gonna be awesome!
We all know that someone on that shore cursed the Concordia every time they came close and hit the horn, 'til one day his curse actually worked.
The Metal Gear music and sound effects used in your videos brings heart joy to my heart.
geez this guy still not memorize his main ch...holy shit wait god fuck.he did
Daddy's Home
Between "My Heart Will Go On" and the MGS2 Tanker theme, this made my entire week.   As a professional mariner, I laughed way too hard ❤
cant wait for Linus Ship Tips
Wait... Is that Hornet's theme? Hollow Knight: Silksong when!!?
1 hour ago? tf?
So you're saying that the magician didn't actually split her in half?
When is the cyberpunk 2077 failure video gonna be made?
Spaghetti and deet balls? 💯👍
shit i need to go to bed.... OOOOooOOOO internet historian. FUCK SLEEP!
"It's day 56 of playing Russian Roulette" *holds a double barrel*
Come for the history, stay for the expanded ad universe
This story is an absolute cluster fuck
Babe wake up, new internet historian video
All this goes to show just how worse people have gotten since the sinking of the Titanic, which is hilarious because atheists and lefties use the Titanic as some anti-capitalist/HOW COULd GOd dO SOMETHING LIKE THIS lesson, and yet despite the horrible hubris and human error that piled and piled into what culminated into the sinking of the Titanic, many died as heroes, the memo was followed and almost all the women and children were saved, the victims were left alone, and J Bruce Ismay got the short end of the stick despite not being directly involved with the disaster, and even then he TRIEd saving people that night.   A hundred years later, we don't need God, we don't need stoicism, we just need to ''follow the rules'' and have more diversity and ''open mindedness'', any common can become a king, and anyone should go get what they think they deserve, bypassers loot the wreck, the captain goes to parties whilst the salvage operation goes on, the mistress makes it all about her and the media turns her into a darling, scam artists don't even wait for all the bodies to be found, and the Navy hierarchy doesn't recognize heroism, it puts the bureaucracy first.  People have gotten worse. A lot worse.
Great video!!
"Youre not allowed to make film movie" bjtch who the fuck said they couldn't? People, in time slike this, just punch any bjtch saying this shit and keep documenting the situation. Frfr.
Yes papi
Hey, can you tell me what the secret channels are?
19:80 huh did not think i would here hornets theme from hollow night in a video like this. Oh wait it goes againg a little later.
so it was IH who stole the Bell, what a twist
Everybody seems to be getting on the manmade distaster content train lately.
It scares the shit out of me how the captain basically tried to lie that things were fine in the beginning. Reminds me too much of sinking of Sewol ferry in Korea.
Wow I was just watching a documentary about this a few weeks ago
I wonder why they couldn't have put the rudder in reverse.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE internet historian making so many intensive videos on sailing. this is like christmas.
Historian: "Ad time."  YouTube: *"DON'T MIND IF I DO!"*
xD the LTT intro meme
the amount and freshness of the memes here, perfect 7/10
Our lord and savior has returned
This guy should not have been allowed to take a plastic duck to his bath, hope he's enjoying the jail showers!
Oh yes an italian story
The balad of Costa Concordia  Edit: this is a reference to a song by Car seat headrest
THANK YOU LIVE FOREVER
where do you get all the video game music and sounds for editing?
"Poor kids are just as bright as white kids" - Joe Biden
Can't wait for the "Wall Street Vs. Reddit : Stock Wars" video
That NordVPN ad was more dramatic than every season of the Sherlock TV series.
wait did u find your password
The best content creator this website will ever have
IH dumping down Singapore's NEX shopping mall on the fucking Concordia had my brain shutting off for a second
He seriously made a parody of the Linus Tech Tips intro. You absolute madlad! You legend, you! 😂
I don't have a problem with the ship company avoiding criminal charges. shortly before the crash they had no clue where or what the ship was doing and the captain and crew were straight up lying to them. even if they could give orders it's likely the captain would just ignore them.
The keemstar part had me dying lol
The return of the king
"Who steals a big fucking bell?" United States: Um. **hurriedly gives back Balangiga bells**
This is my favourite video of all time
Love the Linus Tech Tips insert there lol!
This makes me never want to board a ship again until I do a background check on the captain
YOOO I hear that hollow knight ost
The story about the helmsman booking it out of Italy, getting caught then booking it again is incredible.
Oh boy, an Internet Historian video! We’re drifting, ladies and gentlemen!
The captain: “we just killed 32 people!”  The helmsman: “42?”
22:39  Master Cheif would like to have a word with you.
Noir-d VPN
Tbf, I’m so used to the Icognito mode shenanigans that it took me two minutes to realise that :  1. It’s actually his main channel   2. It’s not a video about Costa Concordia/ Titanic crossover fanfiction.
Spicy
You are the only youtuber who I've turned notifications on for. Another fantastic video!
Oh my, this is hot
2:11  That ain’t right
Welcome back, main channel 👋🏻
I love all your add breaks there bloody funny
This is amazing
I hear that Hollow Knight music you pee pee head.
Skill
Why is this your best video?
I hope you do a video on Cyberpunk. Although we may have to wait a while for more detail to be released about the future of this game and it’s company after lying to the customers about performance issues and bugs.
Have you ever done a video on Xbox Underground?
He's back... Not because he remembered his password once more... He came back to serve this masterful craft to us mere mortals... All hail! Shadowman!
The fact that you used the one splinter cell song from the actual ship level is hilarious
funny i got a add for titanic
This started out genuinely suspenseful. This was a great change of pace
Fun Fact about Cruise Ships: They are literal trash barges that are so poorly constructed they can't ever cross open ocean or stray storms might fold their weak ass hulls in half. Notice the low hull relative to their massive super structure? Their hulls are too thin, their tops too heavy, and they use the worst bunker fuel their diesels can run meaning they're about as bad as an old steam ship in terms of pollution, except many times the size as well as having inefficient hulls.  Old Cruise ships used to last for 50 years and still didn't wear out so much as lose viability. These things are lucky if they last 20 they're so fragile. They're shallow draft river barges, built cheap and disposed of quickly.
Captains' palms are sweaty, knees weak, boats are heavy There's vomit on his sweater already, internet Historians' spaghetti
Although I am extremely excited to watch this newest incredible documentary, I am slightly disappointed because at first I assumed this was the Ebola poopoo cruise ship in the gulf of Mexico
Nord VPN noire lol
My goodness, the linus tech tips part got me. I thought the video has ended and LLT video was playing hahahahaha
Hey look, Dad finally got his password to his main channel.
finally another video to satisfy my fix holy shit
Will there be a video about cyberpunk and the recent GME stock??
38:06 WOO YEAH BABY! That's what I've been waiting for!
This is why we cant have nice things
The titanic reference at 46:00 is high tier stuff
He has returned
15:30 Tanker incident from MGS2. I see what you did there
"Uh I'm reversing... beep beep beep beepbeep" seems like something that idiot would actually say, which is hilarious but also awful
he returns  rejoice
i dont approve of ih's mouth being animated
Boat
WHAT ARE THE OTHER CHANNELS
at this point i can believe he wasn't even sponsored by anything, it's just a skit he plays for a part of his videos.
46:30 no no no please make more long videos
Hand reveal?????
That has got to be the worst captain on planet earth.
Holy shit I've been binging IH vids all week, and we get a new one today?! Fucking awesome.
Will you be doing the tragedy of Cyberpunk 2077 Mr Historian?
Finally
The o.g one has bestowed us another,  Let us Rejoice !
Was literally about to netflix and chill. Put this on instead. I don't regret it.
3:29 Guy: Indonesian Clothing: Vietnamese like Music: Chinese Me Indonesian: lmao
Im curious if the lady at the magic trick that got locked is alive.
That Schettino 'Walk' is what got him all the ladies 😂
Love the Halo music
Every video you make surpasses the last, translated the whole first 10 minutes to my mum, she doesnt like it. Shes missing out.
Linus tech tips for the money section...  *I see what you did there*
These cutaways are amazing.
I’m eating a hot dog rn wait
It litterally cannot go tits up
Every one of your uploads is like Christmas. I watch fall of 76 like once a month at least. Great video 👏👏
The Memes had me laughing every time but Linus completely destroyed me. Thanks for this masterpiece :D
So I’m the master helmsman of a US Destroyer. How many time I’ve fucked up and said something like 335, 325 is actually kinda common. Mostly because it sounds the same in a stressful situation. I’m usually having to repeat myself when that degree hits.  Anyway I love your videos and you’re the best
This is indeed the peak of my life. I was the first name on the endscreen of patreon supporters. Big kisses all around
Didn't think I'd be hearing Dead Island music at 28:17
Yo, how did you manage to fit all of my text-message tones from 2010 in 3 seconds?? 1:42
Lol. His rescuers even told him to get his ass back on the boat since people were dying. Yeah, fuck this guy. He was trying to fuck and ignored basic weather/coast issues.
Dang that was good
Is that hollow knight music? Truly a man of culture.
Bro I fucking thought this was about the Antarctic Research Station
19:37 good on you for using music from Hollow Knight.
I fucking love your ads mate
2:10 i am heavily disturbed by seeing Internet Historian with smooth animation
me: *sees internet historian uploaded a video about a horrifically tragic event* Welllllllll this is gonna be DARK.  me: *three minutes in* OH MY GOD HE MADE IT FUNNY AND ITS PERFECT.
cost of concordia? uh i don't know, about 30 people?
This guy is fucking amazing, cant wait for the GME one.
Pretty good stuff as always
Helicopter with beyblade soundtrack I love it
still wondering how these people chosen to ride the ship
My neighbours must think I'm nuts. Just yelled yay! At my phone screen when I saw this had been posted
i love the 45 minute vids tho. pls reconsider
Nah nah nah, none of this 10 minute clips. I want Kubrick movies length on this channel. Twice a week. Only cause it's so effing good! Thanks for the content
he should have watched more linus ship tips
This is literally Chernobyl
Excellent choice of Payday and Halo music.
Jesus Christ man, those were 25 of the most tense minutes of my life...
*Mom, the crackhead historian is back.*
Fuc boats and planes and the future commercial space industry.
2:11 My paralysis demon @ 4am
If you watch closely, you can see Sumito at 33:05
these ad times are better than a lot of videos from other yters
Oh my god. Watching the third mate doing her nails on the bridge made me roll out of my chair laughing. As a mariner, I can definitely agree that's what happens!
The ltt music in the end was beautiful
YES YES YES YES! There is SO MUCH juiciness in this story!
2:11 Your animators were so preoccupied with whether or not they could animate your mouth, they didn’t stop to think if they should.
Ok to be honest, I just want to see "AD Time"
Fun fact, Capcom were thinking of making a Resident Evil game where you play as HUNK on a Infected cruiseliner. Those before and after images looked thematically appropiate.
Under 10 minutes in, and this has already been great. The drama!
Those before and after shots are, like, _directly_ out of Portal 2.
There is a video of the captain waiting by the life boats for his turn.. he definitely didn’t care about the other people he was just standing there.
When you name your giantass ships stupid names like "Titanic" and "Concordia" (Means "Agreement" ironic name, more like DISCORDIA) you're gonna have a bad time.
Omg hand shot
16 years for 33 lives.
I like the hollow knight music in the background at 19:08
What a fuckin' wild ride this was!
But I like your long videos.
HOLY SHIT A NEW VIDEO WHERE HAVE YOU GONE MAN
The Halo music fits very good with this. Its just made for showing off ruins, ring world or wrecked cruise ship.
Just dropped everything soon as I saw this in recommended
That Bell was 100% the best find on the ship😂
Chernobyl level amounts of denial from that captain.
I like that you could have just clipped the sims models talking, but you instead animated all those uncanny lip flaps yourself.  Also, this video was genuinely scary. Fuck ships.
26 years of prison for being negligent sounds good
we must find the secret channels
he's back
Okay but the mistress is cute so I totes get why the captain was gunning to get in those pants.
like the shift in style
I was just rewatching some older videos right before this one came out, today’s a good day
I love these videos
Me looking at the video length: Oh hell yes!
Aw man but I love your long videos.
Okay i didn't see the parody of Linus' intro coming
The live timestamps were an excellent idea!
Pls do a Donald Trump docu next pls.
Even the ad reads are top tier.
24:10 looks like aperture labs in Portal 2
GME when?
I closed nhentai for this
I was not prepared for IH's mouth to move in time with his words
Your best work so far. :D  (I honest to god felt GENUINE EMOTIONS when you played the Halo 3 music over the wreckage of the ship montage.)
You're editing is 100% why I watch your videos. Always gets a laugh out of me. i hope you never stop uploading
"The largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic" *sad Britannic noises*
I really like this channel.   I'd like to see a one year anniversary of the varus.  One of the best things I've watched on YouTube!
What happened to the women in the magicians box
Vada a Bordo, Cazzo!
OHHHH HELL YEAH!!!!
I felt like the captain the entire video, it was desperate.
Someone asked linus to come now
Fantastic video, as usual.
No please do 45 minute videos
The wait was worth it \o/
HE'S BACK
its been 5 months and im not dissapointed
Dont lie you would steal that big fuckoff bell too goven half an opportunity
I feel like you should be working at history channel doing documentaries.
I was staring at the counter expecting it to continue going down. And then it stopped at 32... Fuck me, how did I never hear about this? This was so fucking insane.
I remember when this happened. Legit had nightmares about being trapped in a ship
This must be the same captain and crew running Ferrari's F1 team.
So there are two types:  One crashed from an iceberg One crashed from doing the risky pro gamer move
Looks like we're in for a late night
Best way ever to sum up the dangers of the ocean.  "Is water?' "Is water."
9:00 Why does this dude look like Gordon Freeman.
Had to bust out popcorn for this one
Its been an hour and already near 5k comments 😂
gonna miss the long vids!
Who else instantly thought of bright sun films vid on this
What the fuck
PRAISE THE LORD, FOR HE HAS BLESSED US WITH THE HIGHEST OF EARTHLY DELIGHTS ONCE AGAIN!!!!!
Call the ice berg
Great video
I miss the bald man.
With a family name like de Falco, could there really have been any other life path for ol' Gregorio than that of an ultra chad Coast Guard Senator?
Nooooooooooo!   I really liked the deep documental that you made. I have seen fall of fallout like more than 10 times without skip. 15 min feel too short. Can we get 30.
I thought I would die of old age before another Internet Historian upload, it's 5am, I feel ill, things are going shit, but it's okay for the next 45 minutes I can rest easy.  Cheers everyone ✌️
Everything about the setting of this event is something right out of a generic shipwreck book and no one find it suspicious.    *Classic*
These keep on getting better and better
the amount of something is going wrong gone wrong are in insane level.
Thank you again, an absolutely incredible video.
Cant wait for the gamestop stock fiasco
holy shit man this was amazing
Thank god! 😤😔 video give me lifw
33 people died and the company got away with criminal charges for a 1 millions fine. Oh I wonder why Italy is considered one of the most corrupted country in the EU
seriously considering investing in Linus Ship Tips
carseat fans unite
This is physically hurting to watch, its a tragedy of errors and stupidity.
how dare you make such a well executed and entertaining explanation of this massive cock up
Okay that Linus tech tips intro parody was unexpected. But equally amazing.
Molto bene
algorithm comment
We dem early bois
A new historian video! Impossible
HE'S BACK
35:20 is that the Mystic Messenger theme I hear LOL
That linus shiptips is GOLD
lo that Linus Tech Tips bit got me for a sec haha
You ruined a perfectly good spaghetti for that one joke
He used the Hollow Knight soundtrack!
Okay, but did the magician's assistant in the box survive?!
42:13 jacob said ight imma head out
Bright sun films Made a video about this and now IM obssesed with ships
Looking forward to the gamestop situation xD
OKAY NOW IM FREAKING OUT ... WHERE ARE THESE HIDDEN CHANNELS??
I like the 45 min vids :(
World history done right
NordVPN man is back!
Man this video is borderline 100% animated and 100% hilarious. The shots of the ship blowing up in-between segments had me rolling.
I love these mini-mockumentaries :D  Can these videos get any better? 10/10!!!!
It’s pretty worrying that things like this happen
I'm scared for the lady in the magician's box
Skull girls ost, nice.
Honestly love these types of documentaries. Especially the play by at of the entire shipwreck.
I think it’s funny you upload a video of a ship the same day Assassin’s Creed Valhalla releases Ship Raids
Blessed are the days of internet historian uploads
Good to see you again, my boy.
Just thought I'd say, in case you see, that this is your best video yet and that I'm profoundly moved by your accounting of the events. Thank you for this video
For how serious this was, I laughed possibly too much.
I’m always upset when your videos end
lmao ecks dee, the helmsman said
Peep the vid😈😈😈
22:40 HALO MUSIC! Fucking love Marty Odonnel
29:18 LOL THE BEYBLADE THEME IM-
I totally forgot about this disaster, a my god what a disgusting human being in the role of CAPTAIN.
This whole thing gives me Chernobyl vibes.
this is a masterpiece
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO GO TO BED
Wait -- did I miss it, but did that lady in the magic box survive?
That Halo soundtrack though
Ahhhhh, Yes. The Internet Historian Movie. Better Than 99% of the Industry.
Here we go again lads
I heard that Halo music buddy, you can't sneak that by me!
Lmao. That nord ad was almost as good as the it’s always sunny noir episode. The janitor always cleans baby.
Do you plan to do a video about what happened at r/wallstreetbets ?
My guy, your quality has been phenomenal but this video felt like a whole ass journey. I might just be biased to the Halo music (great touch by the way), but thank you for this journey. To everyone else, hi c:
ommggggg FINALLY AN UPLOAD
When we needed him most, he returned
Funny how 2 hours Ago I was watching his old vids, waiting for a new one to come
I thought for sure the video you were working on was the Stonk wars but this is much better
Wow I've been binge watching IH last few days and he uploads a vid finally. Glad you are back man. Don't know if you heard but the dad from baloon boy got pardoned on court finally. I think a large credit goes to you. Keep up the awesome work. Much love <3
QNA: why would the helms men get arrested due to a problem that was not his fault?
this video needs an oscar
These italian niggas was literally Drifting while in the ocean
There's gonna be a Cyberpunk video, right?
25:18 No way, hand reveal!
There was a guy in my hometown who got in huge trouble for trying to sell the Concordia Bell.  Turns out it was obviously a fake.  But imagine if that was legit, the bell of a sunken Italian cruise ship randomly ends up in some small farm town in Ohio, to be sold on eBay.
First to comment, give me my likd
greatest filmmaker of the millennial internet generation
High quality content Puts a smile on your face
You should do a guest spot on "Well There's Your Problem".
Lmaoo that linus intro was genius
It's been 84 years.
Never Knew how much of a mess this was, Jesus
You make me proud to be Australian xoxo
I have a 9am lecture in 4 hours, and I stayed up even later to watch this.  Worth it.
Best one yet, nice one. Makes my day when I see a new video has been uploaded
Boat when sink
This video just made my night, thank you Internet Historian :)
wall tap
do one on wuhan?
underwater looting is the coolest, imagine stealing from a capsized ship and tell me that isn't cool as.
The documentary's I want to see on YouTube
More 45 min videos, fantastic productions and have me in stitches!
I can't help but noticed Schettino doing the Mio Honda dance  *I see you're a man of culture as well*
The narration is so on point..grt work
What makes it worse was the captain would have had to have an unlimited masters lisence as per the International Maritime Organization that creates international law. This process requires you to go to a maritime academy for college/university or work your way up. The exam just to get a third mates license which is two below captain is relatively difficult and getting your master's takes many years after that plus another difficult exam. Meaning this guy slipped through the cracks and was a complete moron and no one called him out for it.
you are the best, please give me a son or a signature on steam
I'm scared to have my life in the hands of a man like this!
Titanic, the Captain goes down with the ship.  Concordia? The Captain *lets* his ship down.
Buyer to collect, legend!
The captain is basically the Italian version of Dyatlov.
Looking forward to the Internet Historian video about the Gamestonks
Lol imagine the force of the collision caused a magician to actually cut their assistant in half.
The real question is how such incompetent people were put in charge.
That linus tech tips joke made me fall out of my seat with laughter.
Next year, Netflix and Hulu will come up with their own documentary about Concordia, and still won’t hire you ☹️
Is that the hornet theme from hollowknight?
Bravo Cazzo!
@internethistorian dead island loading screen music at 28:23? Havent heard that track in years
This is like watching a small movie or an actual documentary...
Good video.
Incredible.
Wager a guess as to which video's next? Cyberpunk or Wallstreetbets?
Masterpiece
Can't believe you made the mouth move at 2:11, disgusting
I can't wait to see you in 10 years when you do the attack on the US capitol by the Qanon cult.
No more 40 minute videos? FeelsBadMan  I mean I guess it must take an ungodly amount of time and effort to make these but its always such a joy to hunker down and watch em. Maybe you'll end up breaking long topics into shorter segments so that it benefits you to actually see sooner return for your effort but also people like me who will probably opt to wait to snuggle up under a blanket and binge watch em lol. One can hope.
Such a well made video, I would have paid to watch this!
It wouldn't have happened if Blackbeard was the captain.
Royalty free titanic orchestra was so well suited
"LinusShipTips"
I like the long videos
It’s a like and a comment
The halo soundtrack was a nice touch
LINUS SHIP TIPS!!! that was amazing
If only Quartermaster was there to save them
Italians are crying because you destroyed the spaghetti for the deets.
Way better than the documentary I watched last year.
That ad honestly felt like a fever dream
Are the mispronounced italian names part of the Internet Historian Experience®?
25:10 My inner Italian weeps.
Damn the 2nd hand was a total fuck up
Oh shit finally
Ooops
Literally seeing an LTT parody in an Internet Historian video is one of the most unexpected things I’ve ever seen
No! You gimme my +30 min videos. D:<
Oh Internet Historian, you beautiful furry republican. This video is a masterpiece. The exploding ship got me every time. Keep on being beautiful.
Is it still flooding headass
holy shit he's alive
This was amazing
ayyyy, been waiting for a new video, thought ud died or something
hes back!
Really love your documentaries I'm sad they won't be as long as the usually are but I understand
No way this was almost 10 years ago... that can't be true...
2:12 That mouth movement was unnatural and I shall never be able to remove that image from my mind
Internet Historian needs to make his own video game series
Anyone know what his secret channels are?
46:30 This is the part were my heart and happiness sunk.
I'm still curious about where the bell is.
32:11 That is one scary looking botox beast!
I'm disliking because you wasted spaghetti.
I don't know how they let a person who doesn't have any experience on water steer a 570 milliom dollar cruise ship.  My god its stupid.
That Halo music is a good choice
Once I realized what the music was in the first minute, I knew, as well as everyone else, what would inventively happen.
the book title means: Submerged truths. while the ship was stuck on Giglio coast it became a very popular tourism attraction and it brought shit tons of money into the island activities. they actualy regret its gone
Man I feel old, I still remember the ol' days when the whole country would make fun of and meme the shit out of captain Schettino on Facebook
Is there still time to get this nominated for best short subject documentary at the oscars
Each transition screen is better than the last
Been a while, glad to see you've remembered your password.
this event is already bad, that 5 seconds of Keemstar made it even worse
he found the password!
I can't tell you how much I appreciate the Metal Gear Solid 2 tanker mission soundtrack. Fits this shit perfectly.
As an Indonesian, im actually not suprised Jacob rusli bin managed to pull it off.
He’s back!!&
Ii didn't expect hornet theme (from hollow knight) to start playing in the middle of the video lol. Not complaining though :D
nice payday 2 ost
Welcome to another, "I can't believe I watched the whole video"
Can confirm, I was the Bell
This is my favorite internet historian episode
This goofball really just straight up did not use the Ballad of the Costa Concordia by the absolute lads Car Seat Headrest. Absolute shlapper of a song that uses this incident as an analogy for making poor decisions, which would have been a wonderful thematic closer for the video. Also funnily enough it references Dido's white flag so I wonder if maybe he did this because he heard this song?... that's kind of a stretch tho.  One of the best videos and channels on this godforsaken platform though, A1 content.
Glorious. Should be a trial exhibit.
Legitimate art
Wait I just started watching ltt this week, I wouldn't have got that joke two weeks ago...
Some of those pictures of the recovered ship look like concept art for the Cosmodrome in Destiny
Came for the NordVPN ad, stayed for the Ronai & Ronai ad.
literally the one channel where I watch the paid promotion section
@-16:05 Help. My last braincell is struggling to stay alive! 😭😭😭
Internet Historian, teaching me more than school ever did.
Lmao I love the youtuber references
This man is a staple of YouTube
Perfect timing on the vice city theme
but how is this an internet thing?
whyyyyyy would they hire the indonesian guy with no prior experience
Secret Channels??
46:30 “back to 10 to 15 minute videos and more of them.”  Yeah sure I believe you. Just like the last 10 times you’ve said something like this.
LinusShipTips is my kind of channel
Can’t wait for asmongold to react to this
On a related note: Carnival Corporation was also infamous for their "poop cruise" where one of their ships had her engine die and while they were adrift without power, the toilets backed up and overflowed with shit.
22:39 Halo OST
Internet Historian could make a documentary about anything and I'd love it.
YESSSSS HES BACK
Omg that linustechtips intro 43:50
Please put out merch in the form of a “Deets” pot
I was rewatching some of your old videos when this one popped up and i was like huh i dont remember  this...'posted 1 hour ago' LETS SADDLE UP BABY
Still wait fall of 77 Still wait
Awesome video. Can’t wait for the GameStop video. 😉
Nice boat
I hope you do more of the longer videos they are my favorite
Whenever I see a new IH vid come out I feel like I am entering the promised land
Oh shit the new vid is here
Quality content as always, Mr. Historian. Also props for the music choices. Love me some Halo.
i love you
I want Nord Noir playing on repeat to relax/study to.
i like the long videos :(
69 dislikes coomer confirm
I swear any topic you make a video turns into gold
i love how he uses sims characters for people he doesn’t have images for
ad- *appears an ad with my filipino food culture* -time.
Where the fuck have you been?
I haven't even watched the video yet and I'm so happy
Oh man I was in the edge of me seat the whole time xD
hi, its me, the person who has the bell. im able to say this because i use nord vpn.      (dont @ me im jokin)
This is quality content as always amazing just amazing
Thought I might be losing my mind when I heard the LTT intro
Somehow the internet historian actually became the internet historian
Smashing job! 👍Very informative! 👌 I'm "standing at attention" captain.
I am waiting for the 6th channel internetreacts where you react to the content of your subreddit, totally original idea
Incredible! Amazing!
Thanks, you brought back my fear of cruise ships. Haven't had that since the 5th grade, when I was learning about the titanic.
If you want a fun, small batch of internet drama, you could look into the banpocalypses of Flight Rising.  Basically site that is the neopets of Dragons opens, has limited join periods, then decides it's a great idea to ban HUNDREDS of accounts for breaking the rules.  But a lot of them didn't actually break the rules.  Banned people go to appeal, but staff have banned so many they can't handle it, so they just tell people they're not overturning bans at all.  And they don't do this just once, but several times.  Plus there was that time one of their game devs admitted to being proud that he gave several people epileptic seizures (and was possibly transphobic, I never got clarification on that), and something with another staff member possibly being a corrupt cop?  It's been a while so I'm not 100% clear on that.  There's a few other things but that gives you a basic enough idea of the mess.
Wake up babe, new Internet Historian banger
fire festival 2.0
As a sailor, only 2 minutes in i was already feeling anxiety by this man being a captain of a cruise ship
Please keep doing at least SOME long videos. This shit is genuinely educational.
This was a wild ride.  This is seriously good content. I wish the platform was filled with more of this and promoted creators like this.  Seriously fucking good job!
hide the pain harold is hungarian too :D
NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO LETS GOOO
what a shipwreck
Ah an incompetent story... This will make me feel better about myself
Lesson to learn: Never leave a ship to an incompetent. Also never understimate superstictions.
I look forward to these so much
Only channel where I don’t skip the ads
38:30  There are no words
Great video, but 16 years?????
Spicy
I was wondering why another video was taking so long to come out... Damn this is great editing and story telling! Like wtf this is a YouTube video and it has me on the edge of my seat! Then you hit me with linus ship tips!! Bravo my dude, bravo
Who hired these people?
:)
Gonna be watching this video in shipping school
Ohh shit, this waa the last thing i expected. A suprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Some say the Magician's assistant is still stuck in that box to this day!
OB banyak gaya sih lu herman, anjing  *Do you feel the language barrier now*
If you pause when he's searching for Moldova, you can see it. It borders Romania to the east and Ukraine to the west.
god, i dont get the appeal of cruise ships. if you die on a plane at least its fast and theres no suffering. id rather see beautiful clouds when i die then see miles of salt water. christ
Ngl the ending made me cry 😢😢😢😭😭😭
amazing what sheer incompetence can do. rip to the people who lost ther lives, fuck that captain and amazing video as always IH
5 months between videos?! Why must you torment us?
So epic very documentaryised video my friend
"Largest cruise ship disaster since the Titanic." The Titanic, an ocean-liner(not a cruise ship): Well that's a fucking lie.
Fall of 76 was when this man realized his meme talent. Every video contains any information anyone could find interesting and necessary. I won't be surprised when more of his videos, even the ones like "Monsters" and "Mythology" are played in classrooms. It's entertaining shit. Edit: Also the "shut the fuck up" in the ad is brilliant.
Let’s be honest, that little Indonesian fella he bought for dirt cheap was GOATED for helping out those he did RIP 🙏🙏🙏
The rewatch value of your content is insane
This was so good I had to watch a second time, and as an Italian, the fun watching this was double (and the shame felt too)
Welcome back you legend
So why was the question never answered as to how he even became a captain?
Love, suspense, Drama, Tragedy, this story has it all.
I need these hidden channels.
this video is fucking great
Internet Historian has gone from making quick YouTube documentaries to making...actual documentaries. It’s a perfect blend of shitpost, art, and education
Great movie, makes my day lighter than the ship
this is my favorite car seat headrest song!
its the disaster i cant stop looking at
Diversity is strength, they said.
These adits are so   b e a u t i f u l
Plz make the next video about cyber punk
This is goddamn amazing
i died at linus shiptips
20:46 There is NOTHING named "Tarmac"!
Day spar? At least it tells you, it's not a night spar,  as they are all the rage.
The Internet Historian Advertisement Cinematic Universe continues to expand
42:48 how are the middle two of those even illegal.
Jesus I hate how people in massively publicized trials always get off with such minor sentences for what they did
Awww yessss internet historian is back!!!!!
I have waited for this day for a thousand generations...
the LTT intro really got me for some reason XD
Who else checked to see if it was actually the halfway point when he said it?
his lips moving has unnerved me, and i love it
I like the 45 minute long videos tbh...
Lmfaooo this was way funnier than I needed it to be 😭😭
Many many future documentaries are bound to copy this style. Truly avant garde stuff.
"captain goes down with the ship", more like "captain goes down on his mistress"
The ship was possesed by a deamon
When the fuck did he start putting real effort into these videos
I like the halo music in the background lol
Rainfurrest should have been held on this ship.. :'(
Idk what it is, but the captain reminds me so much of Michael Scott and I could 100% see this whole charade being an episode of the Office.
was glued to this the whole way through, 10/10 as always
welcome back, father
hell yes. new vid at last. lol    ..seriously blackbox is made to last how the hell it corrupted?  they just don't wont it public is more likely.
Oh yes
why the fuck do I only remember this happening after I saw your video pop up
Giglio sounds like a dumb Pokémon.
This video is easily the highest quality of video you have ever made and you have my highest honor and respect.
I have a tradition with Internet Historian videos where I pull them up on my TV instead of just watching them on my phone. I only do it with his videos, and it's so worth it.
Man this guy literally makes my favourite videos no competition
dude this is a fuckin masterpiece i could watch these for hours
PagMan
I totally didn't realize this wasn't the second channel till the end of his outro lol 😂😭
"There are a couple of secret channels, but I'm not telling you where they are." I LMAOed
Captain : "Don't worry guys, I have a plan" *The Captain has left the game*
So really this is just the story of incompetency and tragedy
Ooh a new video to watch on loop until you upload again.
I love the linus tech tip crossover!
Actually like the longer formats, but if I’m getting more videos I’m never going to turn my nose up at that
LINUS SHIPTIPS HAHAHA
Captain: "we were the last to leave the ship"  Confirmed 32 deaths     HMMMMMMMMM 🤔
Love the use of the Halo soundtrack in here
Aquatic engineering historian
I never thought I would see this covered here
Titanic 2: Electric Boogaloo
46:26  has anyone an idea what these channels could be?
I love the use of halo music
People gonna flock to Cemortana insta lmao
damn
Rusli Bin is a gigachad lmao
Lets be good fans guys...    And leak those secret channels!
Your vids are so good.
Good stuff per usual
I waited so long for a new video. I am so pleased and happy that this video is so great
Bro talk about GME. Talk about Biden. Wtf is this. Not wavey bro ham
The part IH goes “Oh god not again!” cracked me up so much.
regular historian
I can’t wait for the GameStop episode
Damn. They crashed into a rock and then LIED to the guests about it. That's fucking sick, what a piece of shit move.  Thirty-two dead. If even one of those lives could've been saved by telling the truth then that lie was murder.
Main channel content! 2021 is saved! Featuring off brand titanic music!
I hope you make a short video about MTS Oceanos as well. The crew-captain incompetence there is even more entertaining and pathetically tragic.
honestly the helmsman just seems like he was in way over his head. Aaaand nevermind, he ditched the country.
You going to be covering the Fallout: Frontier fiasco? You would do great
Thank you for these great vids! What a lovely surprise :)
Just incredible work. Well done mate.
At last! And it's 47 mins long. Looks like I'm staying up a bit longer tonight .
Awesome video
8:22
I love the inclusion of Hornets theme as background music.
Sierra madre but in water huh
Your videos are always awesome and well done even the incognito channel it’s well worth the wait!
This is a recent event where 32 people died. This video is, though well made, entirely inappropriate; there are still families grieving. Unsubscribed.
You're the best Internet Historian these videos are the best
Its been so long
uh did anyone let out the lady stuck in the box?
Okay, the parts about the boat were great, but did he actually film "the Deets" transition?   In all seriousness though, imagine not being subscribed to this channel-  goddamn masterpiece.
upload pog
"I took the breaks off my car. A man like me,  never really learned how to stop."  "Shut the fuck up"
So, basically the Concordia will be the next heist in GTA Online?
The improvements in the production quality of your videos are astounding. Every single one has been mostly filled with humor.
that ship costa lot of money
YES
Banger video
thank you for another video!
I can't play the Sims anymore. all my charecters look like doomed Italian cruise ship workers.
I like ships and shit, just floating, doing their thing, going here, going there. I wanna do that shit man. I wanna be on a ship, see stuff, be stuff.
When the Helsman don't sync with another officer, Me: The end.  Edit: Moron Captain!
Lmfao I thought the title read “THE COAST OF CONCORDIA” or costa concordia
another banger video
....what does this have to do with the internet? feels like a wendover productions video done with internet historian style. quite good tho
holy shit 47 minutes!!!!
Christ
I'm actually mad that carnival got out with no liability
wkwkwk helmsman rusli nya goblok
No more 45 minute videos? Damn
a true comedy of errors
From 12:50 onward, I SWEAR that's music from Kid Icarus: Uprising.
No more 45 minute videos? 😓
Can't be the only one that feels kinda bad for Dominica? I mean it's kind of a scandal and she hardly seems like the most caring person but ultimately her relationship with the captain is largely irrelevant and it's not right for people to dig into it like that.
Finally a video 🤣
The annual upload finally came!!
The water wouldn't get in if the ship use Nordvpn.
f to all the boomers whose vacations were ruined
Not knowing how the video ends makes progression crazy
No more 45 minutes videos? Noooooo :'(
Top quality content as usual, IH. Looking forward to the Q&A. My fiancé's a naval architect/marine engineer and had a few observations and comments, but we'll wait for the next video, because there's a ton of information about this bonkers-ass incident that I'm sure couldn't fit into this video. Absolutely [spicy] editing as usual.
Internet historian upload 👌 this this does put a smile on my face
Hey bro, can make a video about a missed fired launch of cyberbug 2069 on Console? That will be hilarious
This isn't really the internet anymore. These are styalized documentaries.
What great use of the Hallow Knight OST
With how the characters look this is basically a sims movie
Corsica? Nobody uses that French island.
great episode mr historian
DUMP IT.
I love you Internet historians! Thank you ✨
But I do like the longer videos
Finally! We need more videos
No wonder this took so long
Your vids are too bloody good mate. clear how much work goes into these
Where the fuck did the footage at 25:21 come from... I have a guess but.. surely not
Awesome mix of detail and entertainment again! good stuff.
Can you just slap a tutorial out how how to make vids so good?
typo at 4:02 buddy :) loving it so far
Dude...You just made a great documentary with meme characters. I am in awe of your brilliance.
Nice vid, Pog
I watched this while washing the dishes and I almost lost myself in the water from how  well done this master piece film was
did anyone count the ship explosion scenes?
I was literally re watching all your shit then a new video came out , am I Jesus
"no more 45 minute videos" awwww... not even a few?
Secret channels? Nani?
The king has returned.
What a great almost birthday present :D
At 13:55 I just burst out laughing after reading the board
Oml I never thought I'd see the day IH's mouth moved
Don't think we don't hear that Halo Musica!   (Bungie doesn't copyright)
"I'm the captain now."
The first 10 minutes of this nightmare was Wild. How the hell did so many unqualified people get put into such important positions
Linus shiptips was a stroke of genius.
COMMENT
Unexpected but I aint complainin.
Lmaaaaoo, I was one of the few Australian People on the ship when it sank, thank u for the trip down trauma lane internet historian <<3333
So, is nobody going to mention the fact that our beloved Internet Historian says there are more HIDDEN channels to find?!?
WAKE UP BABE, NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO
This should be in letterboxd and imdb
Literally just been binging your channel and ran out of videos. Thank-you for this blessing.
Every new video is a pleasure to watch
Mamma Mia!
How the hell do you keep one-upping your editing? Absolute masterclass!
It was all funs and games for me until internethistorian said 33 people died...
We saw his hands guys
Hey IH, any plans on a Varus part 3 or covering CHAZ/CHOP?
Indo be like  LMAO XDddd...
Anyway who needs sleep when internet historian uploads :V
Love the dead island music
Little late on this one. Bright sun films did an immaculate job at covering this disaster.
I wish all my favorite youtubers could have the consistant upload schedule of IH
it's gonna be a good month when IH uploads.
If I could triple like a video I would.
25:11 Oh so that's why IH videos take so long to produce, I see.
if anyone knows these hidden channels please lmk
Thanks for this.
Thank you
Halo music? Here, take my like and share
New favorite channel. Binged ever video yesterday and today this drops. LFG
HOLY SHIT INTERNET HISTORIAN POST!
I love ur use of the gta vice city theme
Really hope he goes into the part where Scantino got absolutely reamed by that coast guard guy, where you knew what he was saying despite not understanding Italian
I expect a GME video and one on the election so the Illuminati will come for you
gta vice city music hell yes
The effort these videos must take to make is crazy. Love em'!
Captain: “Lets go mess with the locals” •Actually kills 33 people•
Bruh, the real criminal is who hired this guy to be captain.
Spicy
Fantastic video. You did this story and it’s weird ass quirks justice!
Words cannot describe how much I love this lad’s videos.
Step on me Internet Historian
Imagine being on a sinking ship and Celine Dion's My Heart will go on is playing. lol  And by the way, Inexperienced yet Cocky Captain, A drug lady, First officer who don't understand shit, what could go wrong?
Wake up sleeping on the wall, rough night.
based and historypilled
Pin this comment for no reason
The return of the king!
What are the profit margins like on these ships that they can just Shanghai the cheapest labor like this
seeing your mouth moving actually scared me for some reason
does anyone know internet historians "secret" channels
0:49 I love how it's _almost_ the song. It's so sonically unsatisfactory
nice video, see you next year when you upload again
That was a boatload of info to unpack
Took you long enough
Oh snap new video!!!!
Great high quality video, thanks!
Combined with Ordinary Things' video on cruise ships, I hope the cruise line industry is sent to Davy Jones' Locker for the failure and death they perpetuate
Can I have a reply
9:01 that feeling when you can't stress eat
Any BOJLERS?
In the running for one of the greatest youtube channels of all time
The secret channels are:  Internet Historian: Live Internet Historian: Greenscreens  And you can find the links to them in the other channels tab in his second channel,  Internet Historian: Incognito Mode (Link in the video description)
I missed you.
39:03 Surprising to see that Brasil still has 20% of trust in government...
Damn what's with all the halo music in this one?
the only channel worth of turning of my adblocker
TLDR: I actually feel bad for spoiling the sponsor segment.  I checked the description to see what this was about, and I spoiled the sponser segment by seeing nord vpn
The Concordia got wrecked in Wing Commander 3 as well
This might have made 2021 better
So good to see you again
So entertaining! Well done and now I'll have to rewatch your videos again.
The amount of effort that went into this video is absolutely amazing. This is probably my favorite video of Internet Historian by far. Props my man.
Except for maybe the gentlemans pirate video, this is the best youve made.
I am the head of advertising for Nord VPN.  Please stop.  We've already sent you multiple letters.
😯Oh, shit. I get off the boat.  😠Get back on the boat.  😯Oh,shit. I am on the boat.  😠No you're not. Get back on the boat.  😬Uhhh....
BABE WAKE UP, INTERNET HISTORIAN POSTED
God that was legit so tense.
secret channels? hhhhmmm
Internet Historian is the only creator with 10+ minute videos that don't have me scrolling through the comments
I know about the gaming channel, but what other ones does he have?
The ship thing is cool and all, but I need the deets on Internet Historian's secret channels
Best episode yet.
This is so suspenseful!
Bruh id watch any ads you make
Man, the music Marty O'Donnell wrote for Halo is going to be timeless.  Excellent application sir.
LinusShipTips
Yooooooo!!!! hes fucking back!!!!!
HE FOUND THE PASSWORD!
This is like the ship version of Chernobyl
Bro if ever you're feeling low on ideas just give us a dedicated video of your sponsors, I will binge that stuff.
24:15 halo 3 ost’s luck
Francesco Shettino? More like... Francesco Shittyno.
still the only sponsor ads ill watch on youtube lol
YEEEEEEESSSSS NEW CIDEOOOOO
It’s been 8 years...  *It feels like it*
Ok, when's the NEXT video now?
babe wake up new internet historian video
No more 45 minute videos? Sad
YYEESSSSS
Lesson learned: don’t go on a ship if the current year ends in 12
When the world needed him most he fucked off and now returned. Just kidding keep up the good work!
how do i find the hidden channels?
this all happened because some asshole wanted to bother villagers
Please do a video on "Fat Leonard scandal and Glenn Defense", it's a real thrill ride.
Speaking of crashed ships, I was a crew member of the Carnival Glory December 2019.   Safe to say our ship’s crash went better than this one, kinda scary looking back. I was asleep before me and the rest of my family were woken up by a loud metallic screech that was the Carnival Legend piercing our vessel. The area was also almost exactly where we ate dinner each night, in fact we had to switch tables because of this so chances are if we woke up to have an early breakfast I might not have been able to type this right now.   The captain was absolutely dreadful after this. Anytime he talked over the intercom he had a voice that basically told everyone that he was probably fired or at the very least seriously reprimanded by his superiors, I actually feel kinda bad for him looking back. At the very least he didn’t jump off the ship as soon that things started to go south.
This is great
Dis man probably made In google paint just describes boats like he has a fetish or something
ITS BEEN 3000 YEARS
43:53 Linus Tech Tips 😂
"Who steals a big fuck off bell" Dude that thing is made of bronze isnt it? that pretty valuable...right?
This is the drama I have been looking for! Please do this again whenever you can! 10/10 🥂
Can't wait for all the very original comparing "lying to prevent a panic" to "jUsT lIkE tRumP wItH cOvId!" jokes in the comments.
Yessss lfg
XQC already reacted
So this was the inspiration for boats and hoes.
i cried
U came back with a absolute banger
31:45 Oh God, not again! - this one cracked me up  ...also, is there a way to check the passenger list to see if she's onboard before we buy the ticket? Thnks!
hi shroud.
HE POSTED
26:58  My God, the savagery and cleverness of that reference in this context
how wasn't this on trending
Internet historian: **face moves**  The uncanny valley: “it’s time to get funky”
Internet Historian is seriously the greatest extreme of Quantity vs Quality on all of YouTube. This was so worth the wait. Bless you and your household Mr. Historian.
Your Ed put Pyros to shame. All bow to the Ed god
In Domnica defense for her bad English, she speaks Moldavian, Italian, Russian, and English.
Yay, Mr Stock Image Man is back with another fascinating story to tell.
He has risen.
Make sure not to miss the 'people still onboard' counter starting at 20:50
(Literally everything that can go wrong is going wrong)  Captain: Yeah this is fine, we're good, nothing to see here but good times.
ending twist: IH is the one who stole the bell.
Better than cable
May or may not have just pissed myself
S P I C Y
I demand more Linus ShipTips
I laughed, I cried, I learned a lot.
Holy crap where are the hidden channels
Honestly he sounds like he tried his best to safe the ship from disaster. But he coulda done it better.
Internet Historian could make a video about stamp collecting and I would peel my skin off to watch it.
I just watched a documentary of this like 1 day ago. Haaha
I lost it at the Linus Ship Tips, 10/10
It was an expensive mistake...
Just so so so good. Thanks.
you have amazing teeth.
It was all fun and games until the historian hit us with the 33 deaths. Honestly, changed the entire tone of the video
Seriously dude, you deserve a series on Netflix or something. Your videos are so entertaining.
I’m not really liking the new lip-flaps. They look like skin-colored hot dogs.
Very spicy video
The fact that I got an an ad immediately after it said “ed time” 😭
Is it just me or is there Payday 2 music near the beginning of the video?
Absolutely no one on that ship was qualified to be anywhere near sailing or the ocean. They were lucky the death toll was 30. Could have easily sunk the ship and taken all souls down.
Why the fuck would you hire a Security Guard who doesn't speak English or Italian to steer a massive cruise Ship?
AT LAST!  Another documentary.....
Internet Historian is expanding past the internet into real life.
Man is back saving my day and probably other people's day too.
Even the ads are pure entertainment
HOLY FUCK 46 min video!!!111!1!!!
Captain of the Titanic: "The Captain goes down with the ship."  Captain of the Costa Concordia: "So long, gay Costa!"
Best channel ever
The mouths are animated. The MOUTHS are ANIMATED. The Intern Historian you hired did good.
2:11 seeing that mouth move is a bad omen
It would be annoying, but i'm up to separate the long videos into parts. Just so we can get more of this in the future.
I love you bruh! Thank you for making videos!
He went from internet historian to actual historian
I feel like you wasted allot of pasta and sauce to make that deets joke. Did you atleast eat it? Anyway great video, top notch!
Maybe it wasn't about the cruise... But the bells we stole along the way
He lives?
I waited so long for another video to drop, Amazing quality as always 👌
*Dog sitting in a room of fire* "This is fine"
WHAT SECRET CHANNELS
*I know where this is going*
Quality as always, thank you :)
MAIN CHANNEL UPLOAD WOOHOO!  also "it's been eight years", very fitting lol  Keep up the good work internet funny man
i love the longer more in depth videos like this
"its been 8 years" yeah since ur last upload m8
I'm actually more surprised that Greece trusts it's government even less than brazilians do.
Hearing the beginning chords for the skullgirls menu is amazing
Bruh that halo music was perfectly placed
I still tell people of the legendary tales by internet historian. And every one I ever show comes back smarter, and having had a good many laughs. Your a jem internet historian. Keep on shinin'
22:39 and 24:13 mmm that vintage Halo: Combat Evolved/Halo 3 music. Legendary
The fucking are you afraid of the dark music! I had to re-watch it like 10 times it’s so funny. God he even put a little ding in there when the guy bumps the pole!
Is it legal to say big chunges
these transitions are fukkin killing me man
I LOVE YOU MR HISTORIAN IM YOUR BIGGEST FAN
If someone could please point me in the direction of the other more secret channels that would be muchly appreciated
Nooooo  I love the long videos. :(
Forgot I was subscribed and squealed with delight to finally see a new video!
Fucking masterpiece
Ahhh that off brand Titanic music
24:05 let the hubris tears flow
Gonna miss big 45 minute ones but I understand. keep up the good work man, this is the perfect blend of memes and actual storytelling/history.
Finallllllyyyyyyy
The last time I was this early I got a seat on a Concordia lifeboat.
Let's just appreciate all the editing effort that went into this.
Hollow Knight music sure hits different when it's in a disaster documentary
"Going closer than ever before." *looks at video length This is going to end well
I love story time with... Grandpa? Dad? No. History himself.
what a titanic effort! thank you!
Those poor Italians.
Captain Crunch has better leadership skills than this sniveling turd.
After 5 months? This is... exactly what I hoped for.
Lmao I still have the bell
The fact that the Captain only got 16 years for his incompetence is astounding
Internet Historian. You truly deserve that name.
I swear I get an ad every time he says “ad time”
Mr funny man u good
FUCCIKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN ON THE MAIN CHANNEL WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT HAS BEEN 8 YEARS. DAD CAME BACK WITH A BOAT.
Bro why aren't you fucking directing movies lmao
Linus ship tips had me dying.
Wow- So much effort went into this video and you can really tell; I’m glad IH really loves what he’s doing
The government official who immediately headed onto the sinking ship to evacuate people is an absolute chad
so this is why it takes so long to make a video, its not a video its a movie
I'm glad I use Nord VPN so I can see these amazing adds
Since we now know you do videos about non-gaming cockups too, I'd love to hear your take on american airlines flight 191. TLDR complacent maintenance practices lead to an engine falling off an airplane shortly after takeoff, causing a crash that killed everyone aboard; it was the deadliest aircraft accident to date.
WHERE ARE THESE SECRET CHANNELS?
That keemstar edit cracked me up xD
That blonde chick was nuts.
Where did the lady in the box go
I love the cast of Sims.
570 million dollar well spent
3:24 im 100% sure its either "Jacob Bin Rusli" or "Rusli Bin Jacob". Bin literally means "son of".
Love how the comments for that one post on domnica's insta is just filling up with people from this video.
One of the secret channels mentioned in the outro is probably Internet Historian: Live
hilarious, These genuinely have a lot of information packed into them. Good video
Missed a point there, they turned off the underwater radars to prevent alerts to do that forbidden maneuver called "take a bow", which is the reason why the captain had to use the binoculars, otherwise they would have known what was going to happen.
did you make love to the bell?
Some spicy spaghett.
Ah yes ancient history, back before 2020 when cruise ships existed.
that wasn't very pizza pasta
God damn. So many good edits!
Got a P&O Cruises ad on this video. Read the room, YouTube.
Covid part 3?
man hornets theme got me
But i like the 45 min vids  Long vids=good  Short vids= bad  >:(
38:30 lost
Every time man , another awesome video
14:25 That is the most unfortunate coincidence to be ever experienced by anyone goddamn
This is like SNL documentaries but actually good
The Minnow would b lost..
I love you man
damn I actually love the featured films, way better than anything hollywood produces
These rabbit holes about stories that go on and on are one of the most fascinating things. Great work!
Wow, guarda le dimensioni di quello sponsor!
This man gonna  tell us about internet historian live and internet historian greenscreens He is really holding these channels hostage
I'm calling it: Intorian is destined to be featured in Sundance.
The Hollow Knight music seems pretty fitting.
WHERE ARE THE HIDDEN CHANNELS MR HISTORIAN
5 minutes in and its already a comedy of errors, holy shit
here before 1 million views
I love how you manage to make these very thoroughly researched, animated, and amazingly well produced videos that still somehow still have the feel of shitposts. It’s like a fun combination of old YouTube and new YouTube.
YES
I was just watching Ballon Boy and wondered "has The Internet Historian uploaded yet?"
love the royalty free: "my heart will bwa bwa"
Ah, Internet Grandpa, you outdid yourself. That was truly amazing.  Thank God you took those Italian lessons.
what a lovely man
Glad you finally found the password for the channel again!
Legit Meme Masterpiece.
The worst thing about this video was when he said no more 40+ min content.
Linus Shiptips
I remember when this shit happened. I was very young and my dad was explaining everything to me as it unfolded over the days.
Is that a GME video coming soon that I see?
Is it weird that seeing all the Sims faces made me want to play the Sims again
beautiful work correction: stolen work
I remember watching this all go down as a child
Now this is how you make a documentary!
Very epic
I love how quickly people decide "something bad is happening, better go to my muster station" because it's the intelligent thing to do, it's literally the best thing they could have done in such a situation, very rarely do people make the sane, rational decision in the heat of the moment, but THEY DID, +1 faith in humanity!
Riveting
babe wake up new internet historian video
The irony of having the MGS2 Tanker music is hilarious
I found it hard to believe he finally uploaded on his main at first
I live for this guys ads
Imagine using bathroom throughout all this
I was having a shit day and I saw the title and started crying because this is the perfect thing to relax with. ❤️❤️❤️
...what's your problem, guy?
Thought you were dead
This is one of the best ones I've seen in a while
Omg upload
This was absolutely gripping. Bravo!
Captain: "Is it still flooded?" Sailor: "No captain, the water has magically turned to Jello." Captain: "Oh thank g-" Sailor: "YES IT'S STILL FLOODED."
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Beyblade! Beyblade! Let it rip!
I remember seeing this story when I was in high school. They were saying it was a better titanic story.
So his main qualification was that he looked like a captain.
Return of the king
Dam this is a sad story. Literally everything that could go wrong went wrong.
I'm gonna miss the very long videos
This is actually the best birthday gift I’ve gotten. I’ve spent the entire day alone and this actually really made my day.
Lauren Bacall 😍
my history teacher is back
The Hollow Knight Hornet theme is appreciated
How can you make 47 minutes of super highly edited content like that
Linus ship tips lmfaoo
for that is thy place of belonging
Love the use of the hollow knight soundtrack
No! Please don't get rid of 45+ minute videos!
IS IT CHRISTMAS
The poor man's titanic
This is the millenial version of Titanic.   And it may be as good.
Come on, That spaghetti didnt deserve that
Simon Viklund music makes everything more epic
Dude I completely perked up when I saw the Linus Ship Tips intro
Without the IH's iconic voice the videos would never be the same
It's been so long...
Not even Master Chief and his soundtrack could save this ship.
35:48 Soundtrack is from the old Splinter cell Chaos theory mission where you're on a flooded cargoship, too much of a coincidence
you outdid yourself, holyyyyy
Gregorio De Falco is such a badass name
nice
Nord VPN noir lol
Who takes the bell? A strong ass diver that's who
Love the sims 4 faces
As of typing this I’m like super hammered so I was like super surprised when i saw a video that was popping up on the internet historian channel also it’s Kinda surprising how autocorrect is helping make my drunk gibberish into something comprehensible
I absolutely love how you played the Splinter Cell Chaos Theory "Cargo Ship" song during Cheaty Old Petey. Fucking amazing. Love your work. keep It going!!!!!
Internet historian, are you still looking for a DashCon DVD?
I have a lot of homework but I decided to watch this and I don’t regret it.
Very Good !
You're channel is my favorite on the citadel.  Reel tawlk
9:05 What I hear: “ad time” What I think: “B-plot”
Daddy’s yearly upload
No homework is getting done today
"It's day 56 of playing Russian Roulette seems I never win" 💀💀
Gotta love the Halo music!
Watching this, I was dreading the possibility that the captain was, for some bs reason, going to get away with this incident without any jail time.
Don't think I don't hear that Hollow Knight music, historian
Cant wait to get that gme vid in 8 months
Anyone know what are his other channels??
Sooner or later this channel is going to be used to record actual history
Oh yes
Wait was well spent, love your videos keep up the great work!
The amount of time it must have taken you to animate and edit this is incredible. I want this to win an Oscar.
at last, more rewatchable content
Cookies?
good video. incredible structure, well written and humorous.  unsubscribed.
30:43 Ah she pulled a Katerino. forsenCD MY KIND OF LADY
This a legendary event in man
I used to work for a cruise line and in their training sessions they would usually cite the Concordia as an example of what not to do...
im gonna tell my grandkids this was the history channel
I wonder what that day was like when Internet Historian woke up and thought "I need to prepare an entire pot of spaghetti for a five-second visual gag for my boat documentary"
I REALLY figured that when he drops the bell at the end that Rose and Jack would be hit by it as it fell into the water.  Anyway, I dig these longer form videos that tell a more detailed story. I liked The Gentleman Pirate and this one was great as well. But, I'll take whatever content you wanna make, it's all great!
I am sorry
HERE IT IS BOIS
Ok but I just spent like 15 minutes looking for that butt rock cover of White Flag at 38:30 and it's by Fall of Envy you're welcome
30:43 when I get called on by the teacher after not reading the chapter
Very lax protocol.All the staff decided to bring their buffet plates back to their station.
This is the only channel I don’t skip past the sponsors
Sounds fun   I'd go on that ship
Good lord, this situation was beyond a shitstorm, I don't even have a joke for it! Just let that thought *sink* in
46:32 does this mean our boi isn’t covering gamestonk? :(((
This is your best work.
I love how one of them just fucking left the country and nobody found him. Thats a stealth play right there.
“AD TIME !”
هههههههههههههههه رهيب الفديو يمكن اترجمه
43:51 "Linus ShipTips" lol
:OOO HE UPLOADED
25:14 Everyone is excited when their favorite Youtuber does a face reveal. I'm just excited we got an Internet Historian hand reveal.
that was very good, thank you mr historian
Nothing warms my nuts like a new internet historian film. Thanks bro - S Tier content as always.
43:50 "Linus Ship Tips"
is that the hollow knight soundtrack 19:22 its been so long
People died from this, this was a horrible video to make.  Have some respect
I thought it'll be cyberpunk...
New video ?  *Hype*
I enjoy your videos
If I wanted to launder a lot of money, I would value a ship at $570 million then hire a terrible captain and claim the insurance money. It would be easy to pretend that looters stole cash boxes or other liquid assets like paintings.
lost it when he joked about the crew putting up the sails
When Internet Historian said in his Mythology video that he won't need his main channel password for 6 months. He _meant_ it.
Halfway into the video, i want to slap the captain so hard
Arrrgh tell me the Secret Channels   :D :D :D
The mouth moving is a bit cursed
if only  bonet was there to show off the mad drifting skills the quartermaster thought him
Here I sit wondering... where is The Varus Part 3? Then, it occurs to me... we're in it.
Some say the head of a vampire caused the ship to sink, but Za Warudo may never know
might be crazy, but you should be hired and direct documentary and make it so appealing to general audience, especially young ones, your style of editing is funny, fresh and well informing, you using the joke as the delivery rather than the punchline, i loved it, you make me remembered funny teachers at school who make things fun to learn about, keep up the great works
Internet Historian does know how to make film-movies...
Alright IN, you’re really starting to be good at this filmmaking thing, it’s becoming concerning.
19:09 SHAW!
It's BEEN TOO LONG
Will the cyberpunk video be the fall of 77 or the enginooring of cyberpunk?
Say goodbye MrBeastGaming or whatever tf your name is, this shit is going straight to #1 in Trending.
"Well There's Your Problem" did a good episode on this too
@Internet Historian Could you please not put the footnotes way at the bottom in future videos? They don't last long enough to be read entirely and pausing the video causes the youtube UI bar to cover it.
Always a treat
"Complacency about Procedure" Yeah, that's Italy all right.
You did a bang on job with this one, great video!
Yo
damn I think you beat brightsunfilms at his own game
Where gamestop
Boop
The after photos of the ship look so fucking beautiful...
Fuck Titanic, I wanna see a film about the Costa Concordia!
This is like Barotrauma IRL.
Great video internet historian glad to have you back
The keemstar bit was excellent.
Hand reveal
NIce :)
This is so messed up
As always, hubris is Man's greatest fault but HOLY shit is it good to see all the people in this story with even half a brain who, quite rightly, say "nah, fuck that" and get people to safety or call in shenanigans
I must write this here. This is a great opportunity to spread awareness of this shit. It's old, but should NEVER be forgotten.   In South Korea, 2014, there was this cruise ship called "Sewol". Used to be a cargo ship and it's waaayy over expiration date, but hey, who cares. It gets money.  The ship had around 476 passengers. Amongst them, 325 were highschool students.   The Sewol ferry was on its way to Jeju island. On its way in the middle of the ocean, the ship tipped. It did not even hit anything. It just, turned real hard. It began to sink.  The captain and the first mate decided to broadcast a pre-recorded lie that ensured passengers safety.  Those who did not listen to the instructions were saved. 23 crewmates out of 33, 75 students, 3 out of 14 teachers, and 71 out of 104 civilians.  The others sank with the ship. All of them. Over 300 deaths. 248 senior high school students drowned. The wreckage had bloody scrape marks all across the cabin walls, and the students' bodies had broken fingers.  The captain and the first mate were ALMOST UNNOTICEABLY rescued first.  The private rescue operations were prohibited. Marines did nothing but circle the sinking ship. The use of Diving Bell was also not allowed. The president appeared in front of the media 7 hours later the ship began to sink. The first question she asked was "Don't they have life jackets?".  The ferry had 180 cars and 1157 tons of cargo. Way over its limits. Whatever those cargo was, we will never know. The government under the administration of president Park Geun-Hye controlled by thr puppet master and a leader of a massive cult Choi Soon-Shil tried their best to keep the sunken ship from being salvaged. It worked. For the next 3 years, the ship stayed underwater.  The incident kicked off a massive protest demanding answers. Why did they let the ship sink? Why did they throw out a long-since-dead body from a random lab and called it the captain of the Sewol ferry? What did the president do in those 7 hours she was dormant? Why did the media report that all of the passengers were saved initially? Why did the government lie about giving away huge sums of money to the victims' families and had media report on that negatively so the survivors would get hated?  And this opened up the gate. Later the people of Korea learned that president Geun-Hye was controlled by a massive cult, and was embezzling massive amounts of taxes for Choi Soon-Shil. Samsung was involved in all the money issues as well.  The president was impeached and imprisoned along with the cultist bitch. But nobody knows where they are right now. Probably not in jail. They're basically Donald Trump but extreme.  What's worse is, we still do not know why the ship sailed in a zig-zag pattern at full speed, proceeding to suddenly completely turn around and tip over. We don't even know why there weren't any proper rescue operations. There are only speculations and conspiracy theories.  The corrupt Korean media tried their best to make people forget about all this. There were orders specifically telling reporters not to tell of the situation at that time. But we rallied in the Gwanghwa-Mun square with lit candles and stayed there until there was an action. No violence, no anger. No matter what the police did to provoke us, we stayed put.   I need help spreading this around. This is too tragic to be left unnoticed and forgotten.
I hope that q and a talks more about the magician
God I've got to hear more about the marketing campaign for this
I'm only HALF WAY???? This is well worth it
I was going to go to bed early. I was.
Probably THE BEST story teller on the site! No one else quite like him!
pog
That Captain got off extremely easy
Learning more from this guy than actual history teachers, why listen to WW2 stories when you can watch a video about vacations and conventions going to shit?
f i n a l l y
Why would they let Sims characters pilot a ship anyway?? Mfs speak in tongues and runes
Why does Internet Historian always use the best OST?
Wait what about the girl in the box? Did I miss that part?
HE’S BACK!!!! There is a God!!!
i hope they pay him the most for his ads. They are legit the ONLY ones I dont skip.
Can't wait for the next video on wallstreetbets in a few years
HE LIVES
Historian making feature length memes. I love the Internet.
the noir film ad is perfect
I just finished the whole thing and it's a crazy research work you did there (as usual), loved it!
Today was a good day.
When the world needed him most, he returned
noird vpn
Linus Ship Tips! Yeaaaah! The references are strong!
46 minutes of priceless content. Thanks IH.   Stream again ye nerd
26:03 asterisk best asterisk
This is the first time in a very long time that I've been stressed out whilst watching a video. :D
I'm waiting for when the whole cyberpunk fiasco is covered by him 😂
are those sim models?
Monstrum 3
Somehow how I've never seen hears of this
She's right about one thing at least. She definitely "crushed her psychological brain" She crushed it real good to the point it doesn't work at all.
Amazing video! Please do more!
rad
How was the captain coward at a party if he was supposed to be in prison?
So they spent all that money to the ship, casino and all that stuff but they can't afford to hire an experienced crew to handle a multi-million dollar ship. What could go wrong
This was a titanic of an episode.
took me a bit to realize the pun in the title
An hour film by the internet historian, my cabin fever is cured!!!
jakob is a mad lad lmao
LINUS SHIP TIPS lol
Great vid, but I am sad that there's not going to be anymore super long master pieces...
That Halo 3 soundtrack really made me feel something
masterpiece  *chef's kiss*
One of the most amazing things I've watched in months. Thrilling, jaw-dropping, knee-slapping, informative and left me in awe. Genuinely.
*pops a beer open* Time for some internet Historian
I see "The Biden Touch^(tm)" made it into the credits XD
Now to find that hidden channel
no more 45 minute videos on the channel, the curse of being on YouTube. :( 🌲
dad?  YOU CAME BACK!?!  where's the milk?
Beyblade absolutely killed me. Well done
But luckily Robert K Wittman was enjoying his vacation onboard and leapt into action.
I like the 40 min vidyos :(
Took the brakes off my car.. a man like me never really learned how to stop... Ghost in the back seat: Shut the f*ck up
worth the wait...seriously this thing is a masterpiece.
THANK YOU INTERNET HISTORIAN YOUR ALL I NEEDED (no homo but have a good day man)
Amazing
This is better than actual movies!
That face at 2:11 made me uncomfortable
Hey historyien I am big fan from big america and I wish to say I am willing to give free many burgerbucks all I need is your email and password for verification for free. Please I am disable
Tales from the viraus 3?
everybody gangsta till the video finishes and we have to wait another 4 months for the next one
15:25 tanker incident from MGS genius OST
oh boy here we go
titanic next pls
OH HELL YEA~!!!
Damn, this is intense.
First
Wow this was crazy. I couldn’t look away.
46:47  SPICY
I heard of this story from Bright Sun Films.  This is just merely an illustration of the story which is great.
Holy fuck holy fuck literally only found your channel less then a week ago and watched the last videos I had to watch on your channel (the my immortal fan fic) the other night and I was super bummed that I binged everything in less then a week, then you go and drop this my prayers have been answered
new favorite youtube channel, linus ship tips
Bless the metal gear solid 2 soundtrack
Oh boy... here we go again...
Woo, Parasite reference
So much diddling a’foot on that ship, no doubt.
Holy shit I knew the costa Concordia sank in 2012 and heard 8 years ago so I was like ok this was recent but I was binge watching videos of his and I found this
19:10 hollow knight hornet ost!!!😭💛
I wonder if instead of having the longer videos you'll just have multiple part videos for larger events because if that's the case I'm all for it
I sincerely hope NordVPN is paying you 6 digits for these ads. Fucking phenomenal.
I'm ready for the feature length TV broadcasted Internet Historian Capitol Riots video
YEES DADDY YESSSSSS!
Less than an hour and like 150K views
fta
The Italian song at 27 minutes is a song I'm doing for college.
I generally don't mind waiting months and months for a video with this high quality
my life can summed up in one word...      bruh
The captain looks like South Park Mel Gibson.
I thought we took care of you old man
This is the same genre as the fyre and dashcon videos. Excellent
This is a Rainfurrest/ Dashcon Type video and I love it
nice vid definitely worth the wait
He’s a full film maker
2:10 animated internet historian can't hurt you he's not real  Animated internet historian:
Sink
Me: Oh yay Internet Historian Posted! I can relax with the video before bed The video: about a ship crash My anxiety: Imma let myself in
You'd think that if you dump so much money into an absolutely massive ship you would not hire inexperienced bridge crew and a helmsman who doesn't fucking speak English or Italian. That's the most amazing thing to me. How is that not grounds for more lawsuits against the company?
Pog
man the halo tracks gave me a little hit of nostalgia ngl <3
Here before all the “Historian remembered his password”
Love the Hollow Knight OST!
1912 fuck up: Sail only a little further south and keep 21 knots. 2021 fuck up: SAIL RIGHT INTO THE SHORE Also, cruise ships and ocean liners are different things and Titanic was the latter
Finally Jesus you post every 100 years
I was playing Halo: The Master Chief Collection while this video was playing and I thought that the Halo music was coming from my game for a second there.
See yall in the next decade
my last comment got reported for trolling. srry 😢
Imagine dying from a stunt. A fucking stunt. That you didn’t even know was happening.
You did a great job of explaining all these sailing concepts to a layman, especially with the visuals. Really made it easy to fully grasp how idiotic these guys were every step of the way.
GME when soon?
Dude!! Finally, we waited so long for you to upload. Much love man. Best content creator on YouTube
He's alive!!!!
When you expected him to cover cyberpunk but got this instead: *I came looking for copper, and i found gold*
So... Literally everything that one shouldn't do with a big ship they did with a big ship?
Amazing video as usual :)
The msg2 boat is a real treat.
This is the fucking fantastically researched lore I love! Metokur might be dying, but you're ready to take that mantle mate. Get better Jim ⚡️⚡️
Who would steal a bell? people who can turn it into valuable metal scrap.... be it manually or with machines XP
4 secret channels?!   I’ve found one. I must find them all!
Shoutout my boy Pilon
Spicy!
I have to go to school in 4 hours but am I expected not to watch an internet historian video?
I really hope the next generation of documentaries all look like this
Finally
The production quality standards for your videos are absolutely through the roof, and shooting up with every post.
"spicy"
10-15 minute videos? sounds good. Any content is better than no content.
I endorse this use of Sims for the characters in all your videos from now on
Didn't expect you to use lace's theme
Damn, I can't get enough of this man's content.
19:08 Shaw
Christ I love being australian, cheekiest country out there! Laughed so hard to hear someblock tried to sell the sucken ship!
Great vid
You should just name your channel "big fucky historian"
0:37 - 0:40 That montage is really beautiful wth
I cant tell you how excited i get for new videos from you, oh blessed Internet Historian.  Amazing editing too!
2:12 I have never seen his mouth move like that before. I screamed, but I am very impressed to see the PNG we are all familiar with has briefly evolved
Who else was just as excited for the ad read?
How does nord keep sponsoring with those ads 😂
To be honest, the ship's bell was the item I'm the maddest about in terms of looting -- naval tradition (yes, it's superstition, but I'm sentimental about these things) holds that the ship's bell holds the soul of the ship.  If the wreck of a sunken ship can't be recovered, often the ship's bell is taken up.  Some ship's bells have been handed over for use in churches, as both a repurposing and a "final resting place."  Stealing the ship's bell is just outright insulting and disrespectful.
Can't wait for the Wall Street Bets video.
Ah yes, the fabulous story of the worst nautical maneuver in recent memory, which itself was perpetrated by a captain so cartoonish in his incompetence that he became a living meme. Brought to us, the gentle viewers by the best independent filmmaker of recent memory. It is moments like this that make life worth living.
Achievement Unlocked: Capitano Besto Ravioli Ravioli Mama's Pizza Sauce
I love how you have increased bullshittery while still remaining educational throughout the time I've watched you, keep it up you sexy 2d bastard
The amount of well documented information you gave us is amazing. Probably the most detailed video about the incident. Nicely done
literally spent all day waiting for this
Just when you think the situation couldn't get any more fucked, you mouse over the timeline and see there's still 20 minutes of video.
ok seriously who steals a bell?
Its 11:19 and I have homework to do why'd you have to post this rn :((((((((      ( :))))))))))))))))) )
I can't get enough of this man's editing
I'm kinda disappointed that there will be no more 45 min videos from him. I really liked that format
38:45 the By the Seaside alarm is just MASTERFUL detail
For the algorithm
Thanks IH,  Thanks for all this 40 mins of entertainment every 5 months, thanks for making ads watchable, thanks for your editing.  - A passionate sub
Security to captain  Mathnt
This man is a legend!
holy shit this is a documentary
A gift from the Lord
Oh no I know this one
The video we deserve, from a man who deserves the world.
Hidden channels anyone know any?
The footage of the panic while it's pitch black out is scary. Imagine the titanic. Miles off shore in the cold without the technology to get rescued in time
Missed you
Скатино, ну да подходящее имя
I love that the song of choice for you talking about the sinking ship is hornet’s theme
HAHAHA!!! HE IS BACK!!!    ...and with a great topic as well!!! TWO FOR!!!
Oh shit Intorian Time baybeeee
Why did the helicopter base commander drive an Aston Martin and not Ferrrrarrri?!!!
Bright Sun Films anyone?
19:10 I know hollow knight music when I hear it!
I was co pletely enamored from the start. You can't make enough videos.
your a mad lad,
His adds aren't adds. They are genuine art
It’s honestly ridiculous how much editing work goes into this video.
Whoever has the bell is a hell of a collector
that was a good bedtime story
Dang I’m pretty early to an internet historian video
My man is killing the like to dislike ratio!! 17k likes and 50 dislikes
Man I opened this video early, it said it had only 1 view. But already has 3500 comments.
The DEETs. Perfecto, laughed out loud.
Netflix deal when?
Internet history is an elective for my home school curriculum.
So the search for the hidden channels begins
Superb people get your popcorn
the halo soundtrack at 24:15 hits home. the name "luck" certainly fits.
21:20 IS THAT SILKSONG? LIKE, LACE'S THEME?
halo music 22:57
Big oof
16 years for multimanslaughter are you FUCKING WIT MEH
I'm less excited about the documentary and more excited about the advertisement... 😂
Damn that whole thing was a big trainwreck, or i guess you could say, A SHI-
Aw yes, another masterpiece
Internet Historian is a literal documentary channel at this point-
Here before the Asmon reacts
Oh, my favorite documentarian uploaded
The Hollow Knight music at 19:00 fuckin THREW me
Waiting for Internet Historian's new Netflix series "Nord VPN".
Buckle up buckaroos
I Love how Internet Historian will be gone for months, then just randomly post a documentary/thriller/drama about a cruise ship crashing.  *Thats a power move*
UPLOAD????? A BLESSING FROM THE GOD!
Transition are shit
You could say that captain got a boatload of trouble   Yeah
Mama mia...
He found the deets
Cruise ships are the biggest waste of money and the biggest environmental disasters, just ban them all!
Pog
I love your channel
26:20 You'd be surprised, they just need to find the right buyer.
the like to dislike ratio is godlike
New upload!! Hell yeah
the halo music really adds to some scenes
I leave comment so people watch
pog
Omg, a new video, I'm super excited
really good stuff!
Why does the captain look like Bashar al-Assad?
that phone call with schettino was so iconic
Jacob was a madlad lol
YAY, INTERNET HISTORIAN MADE A VIDEO!!!!!!! THIS IS A BLESSING!!!!!!!
Nice! A 45min video... Can't wait to watch this later. Love your voice! Humour is nice too.
"I'm such a clutz"   LMAO
Not to neglect the rest of the video but you're music selection is on point IH  Halo, Splinter Cell:CT, and I never thought I'd hear anything from Dead Island again lmao
No wonder they crashed the ship, considering they got help from LinusShipTips.
He is back yes!
I needed this. I've missed his sexy voice almost compares to Morgan Freeman
In before Internet Historian makes a GameStop rebellion video.
That Halo music was hitting
I have a model of that ship that came from the actual ship. The kind of souvenir that they sell. I got it as a gift.
This made me feel better about my life decisions. Thank you.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
now after the end im super interested in the industry of shipbreaking
Welp, see you in 6 months 😭
After watching the video fully I can finally comment and say, this video was a masterpiece.
19:10 oh my god thats from hollow knight
It was a titanic situation.
How the hell is that one guy still missing
Seeing a new Internet Historian video makes life worth living, omg yessssssssssssss
Once again Historian has made an art film beyond anything at any film festival
I knew it was a done deal but I was hoping they would have missed the rocks. Like watching a movie you've already seen before and hoping that something you know happens won't this time.
The part where the Ships crew was trying to avoid collision with the rocks was pretty tense ngl because of Internet Historians narration
How you do that to linus😂😂
Now that's a pog notification
LMAO. Linus Ship Tips.
finally found the password did you?
tadrered warning before the video why?
anybody else only know about this bc of the carseat headrest song
Lets go, another banger.
Im gay
Dude, just do everything. I can't get enough. You would make paint drying interesting
Internet historian x James Cameron collab
Why do imbeciles always get to pilot 500 million dollar ships?
finally
So early, baby
Mom come pick me up I'm scared.
I'm very impressed by the choice of Hollow Knight music
I’ve dubbed my fathers voice over with the internet historians voice, so I can at least feel aroused while I’m getting beaten.
Nice vid
4:06 Spotted a typo: "came up the the idea" instead of "came up with the idea"
Not the video topic I thought I needed, but the quality of this channel seems to increase no matter what
Where can I buy a ticket? This sounds like such an amazing ship!
Ur like my fav history teacher
Man, he really had THE DEETS.
25:10 Wait a minute... Are you How to Basic?
So no fallout: the frontier video?
Vice City theme song into a Beyblade theme mashup? Perfection.
lmao i’m glad you’re covering this, i watched BSFs video on it like 12 times
the only documentary i will watch
*wake up babe, new Internet Historian video*
tell me how mans ads are funnier than some youtuber's whole channels
Maritime Historian
OUR PAPA HAS RETURNED
You just made my night
Almost all of the stuff that went wrong was pretty much regular in the industry then
Hand Reveal? 25:12
that was the best ad i’ve ever seen holy shit.
Jesus, the captain's incompetence from the get-go makes me a bit scared of pursuing my own career (medical related, not marine related). What if I end up fucking things up consistently like he did?
RETURN OF THE KING
38:25 you put SHENMUE in your video!!!!! Fuck yeah!
i can't wait for when you finally do an add in the style of those stupid perfume comercials
A video after all
That was fucking Hornet Song at around 19 minutes.
I hear Skullgirls music
The GameStop saga is going to be incredible!
Holy shit
That captain should have never been captain. 32 people died.
We have to alert Internet Historian: Incognito Mode, they're copying his content! This guy Internet Historian has got no creativity 😡😤
The ship cost $570 million and yet it feels like the crew was paid like $500 each
I've missed you so fucking much.
Love the use of halo music
Yay... I needed this today.
26:00 the dark souls item pickup lmao
loveing the halo ost
Ruthless incompetence.
I waited to comment until I watched the whole video so I could give a thoughtful response, but now all the Likes have been taken.   And I was never going to make a thoughtful response anyway.
I knew there was a reason I stayed up toll 4am
I wish I can structure my essays as well as ur videos
Awesome! We'll see you in 6 months!
wake up babe internet historian just uploaded ‼‼
To be fair I would steal a big fuck off Bell.
31:49 That must have been Air India Express Flight 1344.
5:35 me:*listening to the background music*   yep, they gonna need a medic bag
19:00 Hollow Knight music
The payday 2 music was so stressful and ad it the context yu have a beautifull scene ov a bot krachin
Alright gents. Let’s all reconvene in a year for the next video.
B E Y B L A D E P L S N O S U E S P I C Y M E A T B A L L
Moral of the story, get nord vpn or you're gonna die
YESSSS I AM SO HYPED FINALLY ANOTHER VIDEO I LOVE YOU INTERNET HISTORIAN
22:45 that halo music though
I have been waiting out side
This is the first time I'm early to an Internet Historian... leaving this as a mark
Imagine a Costa Concordia game where you play as a crew member relaying information to a npc that can only drive the boat and it listens to your voice commands but barely. Or you play as a passenger trying to escape
my source of quality history has returned
Admit it, none us saw this coming.
love the hollow knight music at 19:20 lol
21:38 Absolute mad lad
It's been so long since I've laughed this much
Claim your ‘here before 1 million views’ ticket.
You know it's going to be an interesting video when it's nearly 45 minutes long
Great editing in this video. I'm jealous.
Thank you for this masterpiece! I'm an Italian fan of yours so this was particularly fun to watch (I loved the slipping on ravioli part XD)! What most annoyed me about the whole Costa ordeal is that they demoted De Falco (the one who told him to get back on board). That man deserved a medal.
im legit enjoying this more then any documentary on Netflix
Still waiting for your take on The Great Wallstreet War of 2021. Gonna be a blast!
wait the ship costed 570 million? that like a 1/4 of the b2 spirit.
Love the Hollow Knight music as the ship is sinking.
HE IS STILL ALIVEEEEEEEE!!! No really... i wish you uploaded more to your main lol A video every 5-6 months is too long man.. im an addict.. don't cut me off.
As a real life ships helmsman, the depiction of a bridge team and the pressure is shockingly realistic, well done IH! Edit: tomorrow when I'm sober I can do a full breakdown if anybody is interested
Dominica...what a character.
On what comparision was it the worst after Titanic? How about MS Estonia? Awesome video as always.
What about Cyberpunk ?
The most messed up story covered, though excellent editing!
A surprise, but a welcomed surprise.
Asmongold
IH is basically Anderson Cooper, David Attenborough, and John Cleese laughing at incompetent people while letting us in on the joke. Bravo, sir.
You can't just post videos at this hour! It's my bedtime!
Using the last of my phones power during the Texas power outage to watch this
This was a nice change from talking about the pandemic..
Game stonks video when
He has returned
Brilliant use of the Halo soundtrack btw
That man has more amount of incompetency than the whole ship passengers and crews combined
Today is my birthday. My furnace went out last night. My car needed a new battery. My year old computer won't stay on due to overheating. I just cannot possibly think the day was just saved by the Internet Historian uploading, but it was.
Me: all right, time for bed. Internet Historian: ...nice try ol chap.
He’s back
Hey, thanks!
The fact that nobody stopped to say “hey, how about no!” While this was being planned is astonishing
*(Dramatic Hollow Knight music)* gets me in a really funny way.
Internet Historian has the only ads that I *like* watching
How to sink a ship -  1. Call it "unsinkable".
Bruh I've got two essays due tomorrow and the day after that, and of course all my favorite Youtubers are posting.
Good man. Historian has become such a polished filmmaker he's going to be working with Harvey Weinstein!
the moment we've all been waiting for
I just wanna know who was the genius that decided to have such vital crew members be pretty much the worst options available on such a massively expensive ship.
Man, remember when people could meet eachother in public and get on cruise ships?
Nice to get another internet historian video
I started rewatching your videos yesterday and you go and post a new one? Theenks
pog
I was hoping the next video would be about the raid on the US Capitol.
Just woke up to this notification on YouTube 2021 is already a win in my books
very costy
I've just opened this video, but I know it's gonna be a good one.
"ad time" me: YES
What kinda chandelier is that 24:21
Its quite amazing that the captain responded so poorly to the ship crashing considering he had experience with crashing ships before.
>using halo music in this video  very nice
IH is slowly transitioning from Internet Historian to Historian
I've seen many videos about this incident and although this started out humorous its got me really hooked. You've done it, mate.
not an internet culture history video but yknow what? i learned something and i enjoyed it
35:17 asmon lol
4:04 "He essentially came up THE THE idea."   Internet broken, day is ruined!
IS THIS HOLLOW KNIGHT SOUNDTRACK I HEAR?!
HES BACK.  God bless you Historian.
27:52 Best moment
Linus shiptips is the crossover that I would like to watch.
YESSSS
I love how they went from photoshopping the characters to just making them in the sims
internet historian officially become one of my subscribed and considered classic channel
31:46 Oh no.
I heard hornet's theme. You have my like.
Very nice documentary. When can I expect the Netflix adaptation?
Welps let me get a beer, im going to enjoy this
19:56 "Which let out too much chain effective leaving it useless" Anchors actually mostly use the chain to keep ships steady, the end bit only is supposed to stick into the sand, the chain really add more weight and traction with the seafloor which does most of the work. Ironically though the Anchor wouldn't of done anything anyway considering the ship is just jabbed onto the shore.
I wonder if they're gonna make a shitty romance movie about this in a couple decades.
That trailer for Sin City 3 at the 10:00 mark was dope.
I’m 41 minutes in and I still can’t tell what the fuck this has do to with the internet
New upload! Wow!
everyone: *expecting either gme or cyberpunk* internet historian: *B O A T*
BABE WAKE THE FUCK UP NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO DROPPED
Can't wait to see how they fuck this one up
so I was browsing and I was like  “wait a minute I don’t recognize that title” *“OFGRNSGSBFGSJABSHOHMYGOD”*
Oh the quantillion years are over, finally a new Video
23:54  Man, that part really struck something for me. The entire story so far has been about a negligent captain who wanted to do something pretty pointless, then purposefully lied about the severity of the situation so he wouldn't get in trouble, before abandoning his post for his own fear. Hearing about an unassuming crewman who died thanks to the captains actions while doing the job the captain should have been doing is just heartbreaking.
Internet Historian’s ad reads are the only ones I actually look forward to. No one but him gets this creative with sponsorships!
Hang on I’m reversing it beep beep beep beep
I wait tu spanish sub
I like how the moral is basically just “don’t make stupid decisions”
*Oh my, how the turns have tabled.*
Bro Hornet's theme???
HE HAS RETURNED
WOOOOOOO New video.
The dutch angles in the opening are fing over the top XD
Ok, legitimate question WHY THE FUCK WOULD THEY HIRE A GUY WHO NEVER STEERED A BOAT BEFORE AND DIDN'T SPEAK ANY OF THE CREW LANGUAGES TO STEER THE BOAT?! Maybe I should start lying on my resume, I heard some lady was a Dean at HARVARD for over a decade before anyone found out she lied about having a degree and had like dropped out of community college or some ridiculous shit. Clearly NO ONE ON EARTH actually verifies a single item on anyone's resume. Apparently you can even get a job on a cruise ship without so much as an INTERVIEW because they certainly should have noticed that this guy has insufficient language skills to be handling something as important as making sure the ship doesn't crash. Like I'm not even blaming the helmsman, he was doing what he could, probably has guilt measured in tons, I'm blaming the cruise line's hiring practices for putting this Captain and this helmsman on the job in the first place.
19:50 IS THAT MUSIC FROM HOLLOWKNIGHT?
Russel is a hero.
This wouldn't have happened if they had used Nord VPN
New Internet Historian video let's goooooooooo!
The fact that Internet Historian can make us show emotion towards stock images, you can really tell that he takes time for character development.
Cruise ships are the embodiment of man's hubris
Papa's back with the milk
All the fucking pasta omg.
Babe wake up internet hitorian posted
Hey is that hornets theme from hollow knight I here at 19:56?
This is fantastic Best documentary yet
Do not go on a cruise ship. Period. Overpriced, overcrowded, overrated.
*Hollow Knight OST kicks in* "Huh, didn't know watching Internet Historian would increase my heartrate tenfold."
I like to think that the dude who said it was a blackout has his nose growing like the doctor in airplane
How do you always find this crazy shit
I'm still kind of shocked that his sponsors haven't forced him to do a more generic ad segment lol
I literally learnt about this incident a week ago. Wowzer
Thank you for taking a more serious tone when mentioning the deaths. Rest in peace.
HE REMEMBERED HIS LOGIN INFORMATION GUYS
It's the strays with aids in the pools video that got me subbing straight away
Ah yes thank you for reaffirming my fear of boat and Airplane travel Internet Historian
Everything wrong will go wrong.
wake up babe, internet historian uploaded.
this dude is actually good he's like a news channel for the internet, so quite literally an internet historian. thank you all for allowing him to exist and not trying to shut him down and thank you for making such amazing videos.
Bro get out of my notis
New vid hype
HOLD ON IS THAT GOD DAMN HOLLOW KNIGHT MUSIC?????
The MGTOW was particularly pleased to see a big, burly man shoving his way through throngs of women on his way to secure his place on the life boat. This is what a feminist looks like. Finally, true equality.
is he using hornets boss music as the background music of this video?
Hornet music nice
Alternative title: "Stupid idiot crashes 3 multi-million dollar ships"
THE KING HAS RETURNED.
Internet historian uploaded? 2021 saved
When YouTube movies are now short movies
25:10 I hate that I laughed at this
I love the halo music at 24:00
*The return of the king*
all that just because of a stupid drive by?
THE OFFER IS NOT COMMENSURATE
Thanks a lot internet guy.
This is where the fun begins!
The King has returned to grace us with his presence.
Never animate again
I was pissed off... then HALO music took me off... thank you very much internet historian for taking my anger away
HERE WE GO BOYS
Wake up honey! Australia man uploaded!
FINALLY
This man even makes the ad intermissions funny as hell.
Dad, you're finally back...
Holy shit this is fucked up! Thanks for teaching me internet historian. Remember your password please.
Everybody looting from the ship:  The guy selling the ship: this is what I call a pro gamer move.
Welcome Back! 💕
yes Yes YES I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT CONCORDIA IS AND IM SO EXCITED
I would've never expected for The Nex mall to show up in your videos HAHA keep up the great work
You spend 570 Million on a boat... only to staff it with incompetent people.
I looked you up only a few hours ago, thinking you haven’t uploaded in so long. Perhaps a wish had been granted?
50% through this video and if that captain isn't arrested for negligent homicide or manslaughter I'm gonna be pissed.  Edit: 27:18 yesss  Edit2: 42:42 yessss
HE   _HAS_  *_RETURNED_*
Perfect length  Video for a snowy night
0:30 *Staterooms* if you please. Cabins are the crew quarters.  As a former employee for a cruise line, there *is* a damned difference and I *still* twitch when I hear the wrong term.
The entire bridge crew should have been drowned in reverse order of rank in a Porta-Potty at Sturgis
Yes, he lives. All is well, all is right
The Halo music man, that’s just too good
these videos are genuine art like wtf I would pay to watch this
Yeeeeeeeeeee
so is that magician part true?
0:09 when the main channel uploaded something
The call of cthulhu 2018 ost was a nice touch
You may not upload much but when you do it's already a masterpiece.
Wake up babe, new historian video!
Anyone else getting ads for cruise ships? 🤣
The music for when the blackbox stopped working is hornet's theme from hollow knight: by christopher larkin
Tbh I would have stolen the bell if I could. Hell of a souvenir.
Ah yes, another beautiful video from a master historian.
This is why you don’t put Italians in charge of anything
Wonder if he’s gonna do a  video  on game stop stock.
i'm telling you, i'm starting to get more hyped for the ads within the video than the video itself
I took a nap after work so I could stay up and see this.
Imagine paying all that money on a cruise, just to goto a casino inside.
Return to your roots and do a video on meme magic and the origin of Kek!
Big boat do da trouble doe
Marty O'Donnell really went all out for the soundtrack on this production!
Slowly but surely the meme is evolving
Finally
Look at that bad boy 99.75% like/dislike rate.
Sooo glad I came back to subscribe to this channel tonight. Caught this gem 11 minutes after upload.. thoroughly enjoying it. 👍
he uploaded lads
You should make YTPs
Remember when he was an INTERNET historian?
Hollowknight music nice
“Who steals a big fuck off bell?”  That cracked me up
Uploading after five months still i am not feeling mad about it... That's how we should respect legends...
shills out hundreds of millions on boat hires house cleaners to cut down on crew cost
LOL I was legit just thinking yesterday "You know who I haven't seen a video from in a while? Internet Historian..." :)
ok
Christmas came a little late
Always down for more historian
A ship of fools
Lives could've been saved if that pathetic captain acted for others rather then for himself
Was expecting a part 3 to 2020 but this is a welcome surprise
I love your sense of humor man. I speak for the whole US Air Force. Trust me. Keep up the good work
[Hears Halo Music] Ah yes, this day truly is perfect.
Imagine being trapped in a elevator while this happened.
me waiting to see you go after 2077
Why is the detective in the ad wearing spartan sandals in a trench coat?
From Tumblr and 4chan to corporate disaster.  We have come far.
Somehow these ads keep getting better.  I really thought he'd outdone himself with the snakopitu!
I like that little Hollow Knight OST around 19:00 and 21:20
I legit gasped when i saw this in my sub box
Beautiful! Just Beautiful!!
Is a game stop stonks vid gonna be made?
[Insert joke about IH’s upload schedule here]
God has returned.
You are incredible
2:10 im suing for emotional damages i dont like looking at animated internet historian
Best nord vpn ad
This story is the absolute definition of “Confident Incompetence”
Historian does it again. Excellent!
Sir, welcome to a world post-Cyberpunk and Gamestop hedge funds being bought by Reddit users.
When the world needed him most he returned
Wanna rp later?
Of all the videos I expected to be coming, I don't think the Concordia was even in the top 100
See you in 5 months guys
He remembered his password
Yea but did he know simlish tho???
you are not allow to make film movie 😡
That ad read should get some kind of award for the sheer creative integration.
The King is Back!!!
Bonus points for the pasta, that made my night
This Channel : Uploads Day immediately improved
wooohoooooooo
YES THE GODS HAVE PAID WELL
This proves Internet Historian is better than most journalistic mainstream companies in terms of quality info.
9:06 ad starts
why is it that I have seen 5 essay video of this in the last week. This is the best one so far.
Babe wake up new internet historian dropped
i thought you never upload
"Dipshits sink ships"
Politics ruins everything. Screw that captain.
I was about to put my head in the gas oven to escape the cold of N. Texas during the blackout, but hopefully the last 5% of my phone's battery will let this be the last video I see before the fumes bring me home
I wanna punch you for what you did to that spaghetti
The legend returns!
i dig the metal gear remix
YOOO I WAS ON THIS SHIP (not when it crashed tho I was on it like 5 years prior)
When i see the video is 46 mins: *My body is ready*
HES BACK HES BACK HES BACK😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🤯😭😭
...I would watch Internet Historian just for his ads...
I'm liking the halo music in this one. nice video!
From internet historian to historian historian
The return of the King
Ah I see, there’s your problem: your boat is on its side
Drachinifel himself could not outdo this video.
This, this is modern art
25:10 *IH* hand reveal 😮
Honestly its a godsend that the worst possible captain got wreck off the coast of the a very suspicious and discerning harbour guard. If the harbour authorities had been anything close to as incompetant as the captain many more people would have died. Edit: holy shit shout out to the deputy mayor for going above and beyond!
Amazing video as always.
19:10 AYYYY HORNET
This is sick on how we have actual footage and audio of it
.....they hire people that rock.bottom
"its alright captain, we'll buff out those scratches"
Fantastic use of the halo 3 ost
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Oh boyo boy he found his password!
Boats, the movie rated R
"Paint me like one of your internet friends historian"
Really hope you didn't waste that spaghetti
Never thought I'd see another video
Nice hollow knight muisic Adds to the atmosphere nicely
Another video.... I was beginning to think this would never happen. A year of joy rolls down my cheek
I don't know if it's only me but I think the titianic is a big boat
*Loud italian noises*
Bill Burr's wet dream. Having a dumbass captain and crews is the cherry on top.
COOL so when does the next episode come out?  in all seriousness, no more 45min videos? i love them tho...
I am Italian and I remember this so vividly, yet I never expected the Historian to cover it so this tale hit me like a truck
remembered to add the 5 to password12345
It’s been almost half a year. It’s worth the wait...
Never knew knots were this dramatic
Internet Historian is one of those “Quality over quantity” creators.
The level of talent Internet Historian has for narrating massive clusterfucks will always amaze me.
ANOTHER VIDEO
I like the addition of the Halo music, very nice touch
Why on EARTH would anyone think playing "My Heart Will Go On", a song from Titanic, a movie about A BOAT SINKING, would be appropriate to play on a boat?
i cant believe you ruined such delicious looking spaghetti
lesgooooooo
Who needs the BBC or Nat Geo when we have the Internet Historian as the future?
You sound like a drunk text to speak
high tech The Sims 4™ models.
NGL that Halo music is pretty relaxing
Anyone else learned a lot of boast terminology with this video?
YES, I AM STILL ALIVE TO SEE A NEW VIDEO.
You could make a dog eating its own shit sound interesting.
AND we get bits of the Halo soundtrack? *swoons*
dude you make the best videos
Mmmmm that Halo 🎵
God I missed this, even the Ad Time!xD
Ferry funny
I’m lmao right now because I kept rewatching his vids today thinking to myself.  When he gonna upload and a few minutes later I see new video. And I’m just like 😩
honestly the wait was worth it
password123
This story is “if it can go wrong, it will”
Not like anyone cares but I just ate Whataburguer ❤️
the market price of the luxury cruiseliner known as the ss costa concordia.
The last time I was this early, I paid for a billboard advertising the 2011 rapture!
When are we getting the CyberPunk 2077 vid?? I'm already forgetting the historical events.
There's something oddly majestic about this video.
Dude... You are a fucking legend
Could you make a video about Pokemon Go?
Props to the DJ  Playing my heart will go on as the ship was sinking
DEAR GOD HE’S BACK
Me: I have two essays and a midterm I must do by tomorrow  Internet Historian: well isn’t that a shame?
cool
Very nice music
Aight then.
This is COMPLETE slander Jacob Rusli Bin was a butcher, a baker and a candlestick maker before he got his job driving a billion dollar cruise ship
A pleasure as always Xbox
This video is better than Amazon prime video documentaries
the way these videos make a grown man excited. I just know when he posts i’m in for a well edited, educational, and immersive experience
I have arrived
I actually saw another video about this but way less detailed
omg
and the internet historian came out of his vault ONCE AGAIN to deliver a video for the world!
I keep thinking hes taking a break, instead hes making movies
Say what you will about the Titanic, it was actually float longer than it was supposed to after the crash, and it deployed most of its life boats.  If this ship and crew was the Titanic, a lot more people would've died.
This is the best timing, I’ve been binging videos on ship disasters and this is a very nutty story that deserves the Historian’s commentary
The costa concordia?  More like...  *The pasta concordia*
“The Deets” got me pretty good ngl
This got 100k views in 30 minutes...
How is there almost 3k amount of comments in 30 min????!
Right good, jolly good in fact.
Worth the wait. This was awesome.
HAND REVEAL
Holy shit I thought he died :(
This entire thing was just a parade of morons making the wrong choice at every turn.
He bacc
Fuck! Fuck! I'm supposed to go to bed now, but how can I sleep knowing this is here?
I dont have any idea what this is about but I know its a banger
This captain is so awful it’s hard to believe
In 2014 there was a ferry accident in South Korea that had even more staggering incompetence on the part of the crew then this, and a lot more people died
I can't wait for you to make a video about either the GameStop Stock or some controversial game like maybe star citizen, cyberpunk (because of the glitches) etc.
I love Historian
I can breathe again
God damnit Simscity characters  You dooms us all
I wasn't aware ships even had black boxes. Huh.
Seeing a new Internet Historian video is like dinosaurs seeing a meteor coming toward them
Appreciate the Hollow Knight ost
*ship is sinking*  Ship administration: “Nah we vibing.”
The drama alert bit is perfect
"From here we only have mainstream news reports to rely on, so it's not gonna be super accurate"  My sides have entered orbit.
BABE WAKE UP NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN UPLOAD
Man,, this is legit documentary at this point
ᴬᵈ ᵗᶦᵐᵉ
Ew I just went through all of your backlog like today since I'm moving and want excellent commentary. Thanks man 🖤
Grabbing that spaghetti with your hands made me unreasonably uncomfortable
Finally! I've been waiting for this one!
This man deserves a Grammy he could literally tell a story bout a onion and I’d still watch it all
why does she look like pyro
What are the sources on this video?
Slowly but sure. IH is winning my heart
Why is this man's comedy so impeccable
What is the Nord VPN man a photoshop of? I always thought he looks like a Nord branded klansman.
Last time I was this early my dad was still here.
Gosh dang it I wanna sleep but I must watch the great historian tell his tale. Guess I’ll be tired at work tomorrow
Not only is this a good video, but he used Hornet's theme from Hollow Knight in the background. Nice. I'd recognize it anywhere
This is such a storm of fucking incompetence.
Ship: *Crashes and is abandoned*  Scavengers: It’s free realestate
Heyyy you remember your Password.
Martin the magician has yet to a reappear to this day
Finally remembered the channel password.
Near Midnight Upload, Nice
*Ahh, he finally wrote down his password.*  Please tell us _TheVarus Ratuns_ is coming out soon!
oh my god THE KEEMSTAR BIT
This was the last thing I was expecting him to cover
Return Of The King (2003)
YES
It's that time again
Schittino is like a real life Zap Brannigan
IH'S HAND REVEAL
I don’t know if it’s a good sign or not that my entire week improves remarkably when Internet Historian releases a video....
Rip old render
Mans actually threw out perfectly good spaghetti for the deets scene. Amazing.
28:28 dead island music ... nice
>new internet historian  yes thanks, i click that.
When the world needed him the most, He came back, For Us.
i love that metal gear solid 2 alert music at 15:04 lol
Omg we have been blessed again
Idk why the Xbox achievement threw me off making me try to click it
24:21 WHY THERE'S A CHANDELIER OF BABY FACES AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA   (Probable isn't but I can't unsee)
This is high production level content,  I love this
The one who reply first is gao
the halo 3 music playing hit hard man.
POGGERS UR BACKK YAY
Yay he’s back. Btw so the editing and the costa story... it’s baffling
I think the Picard Facepalm meme, fit very well to this situation.
Does anybody remember when "first" was a thing? I miss those days
Tokyo Drift? More like... Rome drift...      It works guys come on.
Internet Historian is the guy in a group project who has way too much fun with google slide's animation.
500 dollar fine not enough Halo music.
YESSSS
Honestly loving the sims actors
LETS GO
The creativity for these adds just keeps getting better and better
I was just watching all the Sundance rejects and I was like man, I wish I could watch more   Internet Historían six minutes later: hold my beer
im so early sick!
Please help me
this was so intense ahahahahah i fucking love it
Honestly, that ad would have been a good video on its own
He returns, at long last!
Yeah
Is that Halo Reach music? Nice choice.
and if I lost you for good could there have been any other way?
We've been waiting for this for a long time
Algoritttthmmmm bless all with this internet gooodness
Just a question, will you make a video for Cyberpunk 77?? The spiritual successor to Fallout 76??
＼(^o^)／
Are you going to do a video on Fallout the frontier?
Thanks for dropping this at 11pm EST.   Sadly, KNOWLEDGE IS SEXIER THAN SLEEP!
lace THEEEEEME
yes. Yes. YEs. YES. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.
This is probably the most serious and the most messed up story The Internet Historian has covered so far
ive been unemployed at home doing pretty much nothing but playing wow and watching your content over and over again; IM SO FUCKING HAPPY YOU UPLOADED
ahh yes the 21st titanic
I cant wait for Your gamestop video to drop!
Internet Historian, please tell me that you are working on videos for WallStreetBets and/or $Doge. This is my only Christmas wish.
As an italian Internet Historian big fan, I didn't see it coming.
14:25 I laughed so hard and I feel kinda bad.  Edit: I HEAR THAT GODDAMN HORNET THEME
the Halo 3 music hit different
Dude i was like lets see is there any new video from this channel and i see a new one my day getting more more good
I WAS about to go to bed but I’m definitely waiting 46mins and 48 seconds (+ ads) to do so!
Hollow Knight music, nice
Internet Historian is the only YouTuber’s ads I watch.
nice
This is perfect
My preschool was called Concordia, soooooooo...
8:38 GTA 3 trailer with mans voice saying "coming out 2001".
yes
God, thanks for this holy content
He back Pog
damn dude this is amazing narration
when the world needed him most he returned
21:11 Holy hell was that Hornet's theme I started hearing halfway through?!
all the people who watch that one ship wreck youtuber sitting here in awe rn
That ad was literally like an L.A. Noir cutscene but on crack
nice
Noir VPN
If only we can have han zimmer to do the soundtrack
Sooooo all in favor of an IH maritime disaster sub-series?
You're the only content creator where I skip to the ad
He's back!
Omg, I felt sick when he said they were 700 meters from the rock
I'm excited.
Everyone’s documentaries: National Geographic  Our documentaries: *Internet Historian*
2801th
The Deets.... My god, you owe me a new keyboard.
Antes de que la wea se haga mas conocida, me quedo aquí.
REJOICE! AN UPLOAD
Wow that Costa-lot-of-money Concordia
Internet Historian takes 2 months to research, write, animate, edit, and record his videos. The rest of the time is solely devoted to writing the ads  (jk man love your videos, they’re unbelievably well done)
the halo music at 24:30 you are a man with taste
Bet the Buffet was worth it though
Eh i didnt need sleep
Rejoice!
I've only watched the first 7 seconds and I've already thumbs up'd.
so........ they were playing Mario kart with a giant ass ship.  ps: some feedback ,the footnotes are kinda hard to read on the bottom.
a blessing from the lord
Its been a long time, frens.
46 minutes?? Looks like I’m falling asleep on the toilet
The beginning segment legitimately had my heart thumping
Already saw the bright sun films vid but ima still watch this
i won’t go down with this ship, i will put my hands up in surrender; there will be no more flags above my door. i have lost and i always will be 😌
What do I have to do to keep you around old man
Somebody get a f*cking net! He's back!
Hi! Thank you for this video, I have a weird obsession with the Costa Concordia since it was such an interesting case to me. So, thank you a lot for this video, it fuels my hyperfixation with the Costa Concordia. !!
Recommended moment
"""""""""Internet""""""""" Historian
The concordia ship, huh? _Now that's a name I haven't heard in a long time..._
I wouldn't be surprised if Schettino's only qualifications were that he took a master class on sea navigation.
Internet Historian makes my favorite documentaries.
tokyo dorifto
Yes..been waiting for this. Long time sub  cause your still the best channel on the tube.
Please never animated your mouth ever again.
that advert is second to none
I was not expecting the random payday music, loving it
Only the Internet Historian can turn a tragedy into a comedy... AND GOD, also God can.
Twomad cameo: 26:14
I'm no ship expert, but, why would you put the main thing that runs the ship in a part of the ship that is the most easily damaged?
Never thought I'd watch a documentary about the Costa Concordia with a song from Hollow Knight.
"From here, we only have mainstream news reports, so we're not sure it's accurate"  Accurate
2021 is getting better and better with each passing day.
First
i highly recommend listening to the coast guard and the captain's call when he left the ship,the coast guard is fucking pissed lol
"unsinkable"  Yeah, you know the drill boys!
The Return Of The King!
Hearing a child wailing at 18:40 deeply distressed me
Fall of cyberpunk 2077 please
the first time ever that I've clicked like during an ad
I think the most interesting thing was that the majority of these problems were caused by the captain's ego.
SPEED CLICK
I have waited 5 months for this
What could possibly go wrong the movie
Dude, did you just....animated your mouth for the first time?!
"He essentially came up the the idea"  @04:03.  Literally unwatchable.
YES NEW VIDEO
how are you still hirable as a captain if you've crashed two ships?
I get so giddy when I see a new internet historian
Willing to bet the same person who hired these people was the same person who had to hire animators for that ex arm anime.   Edit: Also love the ed tim :3
In this whole situation, there is only one thing I don't understand, how so many people so incompetent were allowed near something so expensive?
Only 5 minutes in and I’m already thinking one thing:    Titanic 2: Electrical Boogaloo
This is like discount Titanic.
Ah the event where barely paid workers saved thousands while the pompous overpaid prick in charge of everything bolted first.
🥺
It's been too long..
I was playing hollow knight while watching this video, and thought my game glitched out when you started playing hollow knight music
The collision Slow mo is the best
This video feels more akin to IH Incognito lol
Now this, this is epic
It's art since I discovered
Oh shit its him
Getting home after a long, hard day at work then seeing a new Internet Historian is why I pay the internet bill.
I love you Dad 😗❤️
Hornet is like "Git Gud captain"
I'm only in the first 19 minutes and I'm already having fucking heart murmurs, tell me this situation didn't get worse
Man this gamestop stock fiasco is more complicated than I thought
The captain looks like a discount Michael Scott.
I was legit thinking 10 minutes ago its been awhile since internet historian posted
It is wakey after the crash all the coler was sucked out of the ship
Last time I was this early, Steve Bonette was the fiercest pirate in the pacific
YEEEEEEEEEES
These videos are best on YT
lace theme works really well here
Why does everything end in a disaster? I don't understand this world anymore.
Amazing entertainment
When I saw Internet Historian uploaded a new video  *The Fastest Click In The West*
Holy fuck the number of layers of incompetence is just incredible
You lost italian subscribers after wasting that much spaghetti.
When you make a bad decision, MAKE MANY MORE!
Love the Halo music my guy
HE'S COME BACK AFTER 5 MONTHS
God damn, nice to see another post.
Holy shit I was actually clenching my cheeks the whole time watching this
Vada abordo, cazzo!
I'm watching this ASAP so that i can rewatch it soon after
Im so early to a video of his
nice
Wow everything that could go wrong did.
ITS FINALLY HERE
500 million dollars and they cannot afford to hire actually competent crew ?
This is like the chimera ant palace invasion but about a ship disaster.
noone has finished the video yet
Okay but like one a serious note this video has taught me things I didn’t even know about this crash, very cool 👺👺👺
HAND REVEAL!
"If a bottle fails to break it is considered bad luck."  God: Well all you had to do was ask
With a captain like this, who needs engines?
This is legit better than Titanic.
One thing that comforts me in life is that I can't think of a way to be as pathetic as this fucking captain.
boat chernobyl
This guy is the Michael Scott of ship captains
Finally!
AAAAHHHH I HEAR THAT HOLLOW KNIGHT  MUSIC 19:20
Those before and after pictures of the cruise ship literally gave me chills, so unsettling
Whod have thought we would be watching internet historian for news lol
Yeah.. No one else thinks this ship was sunk intentionally by those two? There are simply way too many coincidences to not be sabotage.
Its a master piece
This will be trending tomorrow
bruh I love the heightened art form but holy shit warn me before you send me into a panic attack at 10 pm on a tuesday
Is that KID ICARUS music? I can't believe it
Fyre Festival the cruise.
The Captain is so much in denial Gordon Ramsay started to yell at him after having a hideous diner.
I love the editing that rivals most modern docuseries
Bruh...all the Halo music got me actin *STRANGE* BOIIII
Ok I was REALLY NERVOUS that the woman in that magicians act was going to be locked in there and drown (it seemed like he was leading up to this), so when she got out I was very relieved.
people freaking out and they havent even finished watching
Never realized just how many bad luck/coincidences concurred during this incident/cruise.  Literally the moment I'd have realized I was not heading in the right direction, I'd have have ordered a hard turn to starboard and to decrease speed but not by reversing the engines.  That would only make the rudder more ineffective due to the flow of water.  It's one of the possible ways Titanic could have missed the iceberg.  Shit, if I was on a cruise, I'd have very little of value with me and I've nearly died several times so that doesn't hurt me either.  So fuck yeah, I'd have taken 14 grand to be quiet lol  I wouldn't even know what to do with it all.    Also, Schettino should've been shot for cowardice.
Also, his lip syncing is too spot on! 2:11
It’s funny to think that this is so new that no one except for the man himself has seen the full video yet.
Basically a modern day titanic lol  I'm a part time titanic historian
>Concordia  Oh boy I know where this story is going!
The return of the King
Ah i see the main channel password has been found again!
Oh my god a new video
You saving the cyberpunk video for when/if it gets good?
Hollow Knight music, in an Internet Historian video?
bruh i got school tomorrow and its 12 am here why you gotta do this to me
The halo music when it shows the aftermath  sets the vibe
Not even mid way through this and I love it.  Really concerned about the lady in the magician box
Two minute and nineteen seconds into the video and I've learned more information about the captain than I'd ever learned from the mainstream media. Nice
i hate stories of incompetent lazy idiots getting important jobs because of general corruption and unproffessionality. reminds me of what goes on here in argentina.
What a great day today.
Yes
FINALLY I WAITED MONTHS FOR UR NEW VIDEO
Half way through he uses music from halo 3 😳😳😳😳
Time to watch this over and over until another video comes out in half a year
Oh yes daddy hit me with that 47 minutes long upload 🥵🥵🥵🥵
Imagine my heart will go on being the last song you hear before drowing. I'd be pissed
welcome back papa
He finally managed to recover his password!
I watch IH's videos purely for his accent now, I swear. He uploaded this at night for me and I can go to sleep with how CRISP his voice is.
It's been 8......4 years
Could it be...A new video. There is a god
Oh wow, great topic!
How did this pretty much brand new ship have so many mechanical problems
This is so intense, i'm living for it
I say this every video and I’ll say it again. Your editing is always fire, you’re genuinely funny without forcing it
Other YouTube channels: use NordVPN Me: doesn’t care  Internet Historian: ad time! NordVPN Me: best product ever!!!!!!!!
Yes
He remembered the main channel's password again
This is the most in depth documentary I have seen of the Concordia, thank you for all the homework you do for your video’s.
holy hot damn... imagine being on a cruise liner and my heart will go on is playing... id think i would of died from irony.
This is like a cross between a high budget movie and a gigantic shitpost.
finally. it is here.
Man That Captain Is So Dumb Bruh
I’m not even gonna lie, the amount of red flags, superstitious or not, is crazy.
I have been waiting for five months for this next work of art.
HE'S BACK
I'm hoping it's mentioned in the video, but who gave you the correct information and received the $1000 payment?
Dude I just watched a documentary about this and now Internet Historian is doing a video on it?!
Sweet! Got my popcorn so bring on the sarcasm fun! When will get a Solar Roadways video? Subject is ripe for the picking.
Excited to see what ad he’s got in store this time
I hate that you only put out like 3 videos a year but man the Quality is unmatched anywhere on the platform
I just realized how easy it can be for Internet Historian to do a face reveal by just posing as a stock image person in the background. Hell, he might have done it already and we wouldn’t know...
boat
Nope, no more boats no more bots, nope nope, no way,
His ads the best
Amazing vídeo ,like always . Will You do one vídeo about gamestop?
the return of the king
Gonna watch this now instead of waiting till tomorrow when it'll show deleted in my watch later playlist because youtube took it down for some asinine reason and having to wait for the edited re-upload
@Internet Historian  Yo my man.  Great vidya.  But next up, you gotta make one on the cringe of Fallout: The Frontier.
You have literally the best ads
The only thing that went through my mind as I saw that thumbnail was “Yes Jack, let us make love as the ship sinks into the spc tinned spaghetti” in IH’s iconic, buttery voice
GME and Reddit gotta be the next video
Thank you mister historian, I'll never tell my mom I want to go on a cruise again.
Sorry, was too distracted by the Hollow Knight music
Another classic
I cannot believe this. I'm so fucking early, I time traveled back to times before internet. Can't even watch. :(
the halo music brings me back
I wasn't expecting this video but boy am I pleased.
How long has it been since Internet Historian uploaded? 0:10
This guy doesn't post that much but when he does, oh man is such a good ride.
Nepotism is one of the reasons guys like these have jobs in Italy while the majority of the Italian youth doesn't
Dang that's not exactly some random BS photoshop animation...
If anyone is having trouble following port and starboard, remember, "port" is four letters, such as, "left."
already seen a doc on this but your vids gonna still be good aha also i love how youve used halo dead island and vice city music very nice
This is a pretty fun video, but I have to wonder how you chose topics to cover? The stories you tell seem to have quite varied, and less and less to do with the internet specifically (not that I mind, I'm really enjoying this)
History in the making
These Internet Historian videos are what inspires that little part of me to research history before remembering all those classes I slept through after trying to listen to it
HERES HE
God your choice of music keeps getting better first dark souls then hollow knight and halo.
The only youtuber whos sponsors I  watch all the way through
23:40 LMAO I CAN'T
this can't be real
Good video
Nice
Also Schettino was an absolute headcase, I don't know how it took this for people to realise that
Big boat
You never miss!
What a time to be alive
This went from shit post to documentary(shit post)
for fuck sake, it's midnight who the fuck uploads at midnight,I don't care where are from, just tell me
Here before 100k
I'm just very pleased to hear Hollow Knight OST in one of these videos, ngl. Had me groovin' to Hornet during the evacuation scenes, made an already stellar video even better
And I thought the Bright Sun Films video on this made the Captin out as an idiot, this makes him out as a full-blown sub 69 IQ moron
MAIN CHANNEL VID POGGIES
Best video yet! Especially the part about 4chan! And it's only 10 minutes after upload
Holy shit, it's happening. Everyone stay calm.
These nord vpn ads are the absolute best and becoming some sort of mini series within the series.
Also I was not expecting that nice mouth animation at 2:11
This is why I now don't want to go on a cruise ship.
Ayy
the editing had more care than bethesda with fallout 76
ads are so entertaining i actually watch it
Incredible work as always
Wooo new vid.
I've never clicked a notification THAT fast
Here before 5 million
daddy
*bottle doesn't break, meaning bad omen* *literally sets sail on FRIDAY THE 13TH* *they put a captain who caused 2 WHOLE COLLISIONS* "They were going closer than ever before." haha, this is fine
He's back!
"It's been 8 years" - How long it feels since the pandemic started God i miss normality...
HES BACK HES BACK MY FAVORITE MAN
I JUST STARTED HEARING HORNETS THEME AND STARTED FREAKING OUT
pilon is like the only useful person on the ship
lmao halo ost
You smell nice today
Stop looking at the comments... you havent finished the video yet!!!!
Idk why the captain didnt take over the helm like tf? If the one maneuvering it is a knob then take over lmao
Damn this man needs to make a vid on the great emu war
46 minutes of unadulterated joy
After listening to this I feel like it can't be true that they hired a painter and a security guard to drive and captain a ship worth half a billion. I think I'm more qualified and that's scary. How is this not regulated?
A storm of stupidity, a monsoon of morons,
Here before 10 million
You're... here... there's NO need to [get copyright stricken]
There's Hornet's theme at 19:05 . Someone here likes Hollow Knight.
21 minutes! Notification Squad
I love these videos
holy shit a video
awwwwwwwwwoooooooooooowwwwwwww!!!1
19:23 oh cool hollow knight music
wait, this ain't gamestop stonks!
Now this is the content I come for. Matey.
Never animate mouth movement again
right after I buy a membership to nord vpn
a video after 3 years!! I guess we have been good
He's back!  GET THE CAGE, DON'T LET HIM GET AWAY!
Im a simple man Internet Historian dropped a new vid I LIKE
So this is the reason why you long gone  Playing The Sims 4
13:55 nice try almost believed
Wow so I’m not the only person who still remembers the Concordia in 2021.
GODO
Ah...the king, back at it again.
Love the hollow knight music
A gift  from the gods
Lets f gooooo
The main man returns!
Time for a Cyberbug 2076 vid!!!
I can already tell this is gonna be an Internet Historian Classic
Internet Historian presents: Titanic 2.0
A new internet historian video?!? I sense a wave of reaction videos/streams approaching.
The Captain has crashed ships before.  Very inexperienced crew.  Language barrier.  Frequent miscommunication.  Frequent mistakes  How could this possibly go wrong?
Best documentary to watch on the night 👍
Always happy to see a new Internet historian video 🙂
the insight into naval operations is extremely interesting, despite my deep fear of the ocean
italian pride
I have been waiting many moons for the next Internet Historian video, and it did not disappoint
Oh look, you found the password to your second channel!
The you make are scaring me I love it
Grab him before he runs again
omfg I didn’t know I needed this 🤣 thank you 27:57 he looks like mr toad
he finally found his main channel's password lets go boys
Wait I thought u were apollo legend
The Payday music actually fits so well
Well fuck, hes reaching feature length shenanigans
HE'S ALIVE!!!!
Another masterpiece of filmmaking
The opening is appropriate considering the Titanicization by the media. Also you think this is bad you haven't seen anything till you research the Oceanos.
Poor communication? I've read enough of Outliers to know that this ship's gonna end up in the side of a mountain in Indonesia or somewhere
Oh just a few hours ago I was wondering if you were alive
The choice of using sims for the characters is brilliant
MY GOD, what wonderful news is this, a new internet historian video
When your about to sleep in America.  Australia: WAKE UP AND SMELL THAT NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO!!!
Gone for a while, comes back with 40min quality video. I forgive you.
The idea of describing people with Sims 4 is actually nice
Jesus christ
This video dropped so hard it knocked out the whole power grid of Texas.
Cruise ships are stupid
How has Internet Historian not won an Oscar for directing yet?   OrdinaryThings should get one too to be honest. Robbed smh.
Fresh smell of being early.
I can finally come out of cryofreeze.
Everyone stop everything, IH got his password back
The man, the myth, the legend has come upon us to bless us with the video!
Glad to see he's doing this. Bright Sun Films also has a pretty cool short 20min video on it
Oh yeah baby
The Ballad of the Costa Concordia is one of my favourite songs.
I've never gotten here so early, HI MOM
This is the funniest thing I've heard since the gamestop stock event happened
what does this have to do with internet again?  ah well, it’s good
Hornet theme in the sinking scene. Vibe
Needed something to watch tonight
can we just call him the history historian instead of the internet historian now?
was that silksong music?
Internet Historian has upload on my birthday! Best birthday ever!!!
It's 4am, I was about to go to sleep but no he had to upload now
OMFG HE POSTED
Holy shit boys he uploaded
Yet again, phenomenal content
This was a straight up film. Welcome back historian!
Your videos are some of the best ever
70K views in half an hour? Jeez...
Thanks for uploading the demons were getting quite displeased.
12:33 Damn they got a whole ass machine shop on the Concordia
Thumbs up then start the video     This is the way
Cant wait for more videos good sir
A NEW VIDEO?  ON THE *MAIN CHANNEL?*  *_SOUND THE ALARMS_*
now this is  a masterpiece, as always, lmao i had a stroke after seeing that image in his 2nd channel
People should really hire IH to make ads for their products. Literally everyone would watch until the end.
I'm only :45 seconds in and I know this is something special.
i was here when this vid fit 66,666 views noice
See you again next year, folks!
Clicked faster than a simp clicking on the "add to cart" button on Belle Delphine's bath water product 🥴
2:10 That lip sync though
I love you mr historian man
OMFG AN INTERNET HISTORIAN VID BRO
A better action movie than Speed 2: Cruise Control.
3 minutes in and I can already tell that this isn't gonna be a lesson about a 4chan raid or the origin of a meme. It's gonna be irl history.  I'm gonna be honest - I'm kinda disappointed.  Still gonna watch though, just in case this might turn out to be really entertaining.
Wild.
Nord VPN more like Noird VPN
Even the sponsored segment is great!!
15 minutes in and I'm very impressed by the attention to detail on all the nautical terms. Makes me happy as a mariner, I can tell you've done a great deal of research on this.
That’s a lot of pasta flying around!
Under 100k views gang
Been waiting for a new Internet Historian videos!
Let’s go last video of the year! Can’t wait for another in 2022!
Nice
GET TO THE LIFEBOATS, HISTORIAN IS HERE TO SAVE US ALL
The explanation in the beginning was so intense, wtf my heart is racing
Yo, 45min? That's a treat!
And now he's gone until 2023
And this is why I'm never touching a boat or plane like ever
oh wow i was just watching an old video
Tbh, I thought you were done with this channel
I don’t need sleep!
I liked this video before even watching it.
Honestly, if IH ever reveals his face, I'm going to not believe it
Ahhh I feel like he took inspiration from Bright Sun Films. With memes. Love it!
This man isn’t a clown, he’s the entire circus
••••••••• here don't forget your password next time.
Oh shit he's back
The Titanic sequel really wasn't as good as the first one, captain was hot though -Rotten Tomatos Reviewer
I can’t believe my country is being featured in an internet historian video
Internet Historian: *uploads* Me: * I am speed*
as an italian, i'm having war flashbacks about this. the jokes about schettino my god....is all coming back... at least historian is making everything better with his absolute chaotic energy
this almost seems like a skit.
I feel bad for the people who died in the elevator
he did it... he FUCKING DID IT!!!!!!!!
HES BACK
who is this
internet historian more like historian
He can just make any video he wants huh
46 minutes of quality content.
Wait I’m ... early? Last time I was this early, the ‘76 canvas bags were actually canvas.
TerminalMontage releases THE SUBSPACE EMISSARY  HBO Max releases Justice League Snyder Cut trailer with Mr Society on it Internet Historian releases a new video  Me: IT'S FUCKING HAPPENING!!!!!!!
Of course Internet Historian has to make a LOL-cow video about the disaster of the Costa Concordia a Titanic parody.
BROTHER CAPTAIN, IT IS TIME
Ok only 8 years til he makes a video on GME
Can’t wait for Netflix to make a documentary about this now
I wish he had time travel so he could upload everyday
After the third rewatch of historians vids this truly is a blessing!
Don't rush him :) Quality > Quantity, and boy has he been delivering on the Quality
Yeah humans suck at every job. It would probably be better if robots took over honestly
VIDEO ARRIVE! VIDEO ARRIVE! AUsTRALIAN SMOOTH VOICE MAN MAKE HAPPY!
Nice new video!
14:25 You've GOT to be kidding me, lmao
Enjoying this while freezing in Texas ❄️
Oh wait everyone's making the same 8 years comment O,O
The rewatchability of these videos is off the charts.
no not the magic box
Kinda sad. People lost their lives.
Mr historian, I know this is not related to the video at all, but could you please make a tutorial on how you and "historians" edit your videos
NEW VIDEO LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
*uploads at 1030 PM*  fuck, do i really wanna click this?
I clicked this video so fast that I got the NordVPN plan with a free month.
The lips moving is unsettling but ok
We’ve been trying to reach you regarding your vehicles extended warranty!!!
I'm early oh. my. god. This is amazing since I'm in love with this channel, I was waiting so anxiously for this vid to come out! Internet Historian, your videos are literally what keep my spirits up after really tough days... the comedy and storytelling of every video is enough to keep me in a good mood for the rest of the night and forget my loneliness. Just want to say thank you ! 😅😎
yes yes yes
What’s with people putting idiots and people who don’t speak the same language in charge of things.
I hope you're making something about Cyberbug 2077
HE  IS BACK!
My god I'm going to cancel netflix at this point I'm getting my film fix here.
I have ripped my ravioli.
That ladys and gentlemen, is what we call a heated italian gaming moment.
so fast
Bruh the collision part seriously almost made my heart stop That's what I call masterful storytelling, hese videos are so well-done, it's actually insane
This is the lowest highest budget production i have ever seen.
This channel has gone from a historian of the internet to a historian on the internet.
I can’t wait for his GameStop video. Already envisioning it.
I have awaken from my cryo-chamber for this
pog
How does this man not have 100 million subs by now? He has the BEST videos
"Shut the fuck up" Hhahahahahahahahahhaha
As a naval architect, you need to know you did a fantastic job explaining the situation of the vessel before and after the collision. That line explaining that modern ships are designed to take damage to 2 water tight compartments was a great touch
Ahhhh, it's been. .8 years, since Internet Historian last posted.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 and Hello and good evening 😉🤓
_Tradition is just peer pressure from the dead._
At this point he gave up using stock images and decided to create faces in the sims
I like this
this story is beautifully told and i love you.
This ad time is somehow the one that makes the least sense
"I took the brakes off cause I never knew how to stop" Bro that's just my 97 outback
>tfw there's no video about the gamestop stock
OMG a rare shiny internet historian!!
The return of the king
YouTube: Notifies me Me: *INTERNET HISTORIAN JUST UPLOADED A VIDEO*
Loved the legal opening
wake up babe new internet historian
I was genuinely more excited to watch an Internet Historian video than I was the Super Bowl.
The Concordia eased into the water like an old man taking a bath.
*gets a notification for internet historian video* me: lets gooo *from his main channel* me: LETS GOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOO NEW VIDEO
Highlight of my day every time. Great work!
good shit, as always
Jesus christ! This was horrible!  I can't stop laughing.
our god has returned
HES ALIVE
Its a new video, its about boats, and its almost an hour long. This...THIS is what i fucking needed right now. Thank you Mr. Historian <3
Disney Cruise: Horror Edition
One day this shit poster is going to make an award winning film.
Hell yea, was wondering if he was gonna cover this!
The Sims 4 faces are a nice touch.
I only just started the video and I'm already impressed.
All I could think was man who hired that helmsman
You just...ruined that spaghetti
It’s been 10 months since Internet Historian has hit up a cruise ship
Over 2k comments in 15 minutes. Internet historian, you have become an internet institution!
Ohhh shtttt!
A new video... This must be a fever dream!
Oh damn, this is the video that got leaked on stream 3 months ago
ah finally an internet historian upload, my recommended section had hardly been used.
Homework can wait, it's time to get schooled on the internet by the TRUE historian!
holy fuck new uploads, finally, it has been 3000 years
Diet bright sun films
Clearing my schedule
OOOOHHHH YEAH
i cant make a good comment so POG
THE KING HAS RETURNED
OH MY GOD, A NEW RELEASE. HOW INTRIGUING. Thanks for being a historian, historian.
Mario of the famous Super Mario Franchise unfortunately died in this Tragedy, he was drowned while getting his Autoerotic asphyxiation kink. The Mario we see this current time is Mario's Backup Clone with his memories before the accident.   Rest in peace
boat
He's back baby!
-> sees that Internet Historian uploaded. -> sees that the video is almost an hour long. -> sees that it's almost 11 PM.  Who needs sleep, anyway?
Wooo yeah baby that’s what I’ve been waiting for that’s what it’s all about woooo!
Internet: Functional Password: Remembered   *Its time for some history boys*
Ah yes, here we ago again my friends
bruh
The return of the king
had to get the boat sink video out before the gamestonk video I see
I feel like Internet Historian has stopped being a historian about internet events and has become just a historian who makes videos for the internet. FeelsBadMan.
Seriously, how do you do all this research? This is too detailed... Be honest, it was you who sailed the ship
He's back!
This channel has taught me more than any Zoom class has ever wished to teach me
It took me a while to realize that this is a video from his main channel.
the funny thing isb everyone who is commenting hasnt even watched the video LMAO
MegaMind moment
Damn, I remember hearing about this, kind of a depressing story
Quite right.
Daddy came back.
wake up babe new internet historian
I’ve watched a 20 minute video about this before. Seemed pretty well done. Succinct. 46 minutes? Will it be too long? Absolutely not. Let’s go
I found the shrimp cocktail delicious
The return of the king
HE UPLOADED HALLELUJAH
do fallout the frontier
Awwwe man I love seeing when you've uploaded something :) They're some of the few videos I genuinely sit down to give my fully undivided attention to because of how well made they are. Can't wait!
just drop the anchor. thats what i do in Sea of Thieves.
It’s been 84 years
i discovered half of the universe on no man's sky so 1 more video then i fully discovered the whole universe
The Internet historian should make a video about my Civil War blunders.
Cyberpunk video when
thought this channel was dead
This is riveting
IT HAS BEEN MONTHS I CRAVE YOUR CONTENT STRANGE MAN
Content!!!! Lez GOOOO!!!!
*IH uploads during a mass blackout* Me:Sure I got Nothing better to do
I've been watching your old videos all day hoping you would post.
I've been waiting too long for this....I get the feeling I'm about to witness a masterpiece Edit: I was right it's a masterpiece
Time for my online education
I've never been this early to an internet historian vid.
I woke up from my coma just to watch this
DUDE THE YOUTUBER FINALLY MADE A YOUTUBE VIDEO
HE'S BACK!
Internet Historian videos bout to be the next leap year
Above any of my recommended videos, I take the Internet Historian videos
Whatever nord VPN pays him it's not enough because I actually want to see more ad
i cant wait for the GME and cyberpunk video
Wait...HE'S ALIVE?
and this is why i dont trust the tourism industry
Just yesterday i was wondering when he’ll upload here again 😭
eyy
Ayyy took five months but the videos are high quality keep it up 👍
Any day Internet Historian uploads is a good day.
Ah the IRL Poseidon Adventure.
Thank you god
When will AP Internet History be a class, and when will this guy teach it?
Its 4.45 am i should be sleeping but this is important
Woooo, upload. Its only been 5 months!
I'm only getting 6 hours of sleep tonight, can't miss a new internet historian video- this made my day.
Only Internet Historian can make me laugh while he's narrating a story of a disaster that left many people *DEAD*
HE'S ALIVE
YES
This. This is ART!
I swear these videos get better and better as time goes on
I learned more from Internet Historian than what i had learned for years in school
You are like Nintendo ED8 Studio . Drops a game once every 5-6 years , but when it does you know it's going to be good.
The ship is a country, and the people in charge are the people who gets elected not by having skills, but for popularity and likeability.
Oh yes finaly  internet historian speaks about italy... oh wait a moment
bruh momento duos
YES
barely 9 minutes in and im furious but so impressed
is it just me or is he drunk than usual must have been the wines hes having in Incognito Mode
Now this is what Marty refers to as "cinema"
Oh hey he posted
Am I dreaming?
3:09, 4:10, So the guy tells him the safe distance is farther out than he intends to go, and he thinks this is a good idea..... why?
We out hereeeee
Internet Historian... more like .... Regular Historian
who are you and what are you doing with Internet Historian's channel! Everyone knows he disappeared years ago, and hasn't been seen since
Waiting for $GME and cyberpunk 76
Masterpiece
2:10 what the- a animated mouth?!
Return of the King.
At last... He cometh Rejoice!
Now this is epic
46 MINUTE VIDEO POGGERS, SCREW HOMEWORK I NEED CONTENT
i got here in time!
"Babe come home from work now, Internet Historian just uploaded."
2:11 I'm disturbed
I’ve never seen so many verified users in one place before
an ad segment has never moved me to tears until today.
Welcome back IH
Last
the sim heads are surprisingly upsetting
Fucking amazing
Omg 😱 I was just thinking “I wonder if he uploaded anything recently” and here we r
I'm gonna rewatch this again when streamers react on this.
Finally, internet historian appears again. It is time to be C u l t u r e AF.
YES A NEW VIDEO!!!!  My day is completely!!
Here before 200 Million Views
Shadowman returns
Ahh yes, time to see a big boat go bang on a coast
Let's go
Only difference is that the Captain on the Titanic wasn't a coward.
ur back
ganming
Use me as the "He finally remembered his channel password" button
legit I was just browsing your channel for videos and I came across this one and didn't think it was a new uplaod xD
Welcome back
Mans put over 40 minutes of video, no wonder its been ages.
MOM GET THE CAMERA IH POSTED
I’m starting to wonder if Historian still has a deal with NordVPN...
When historian posts, you drop everything. And i mean everything.
I can see why this took so long, good lord this incredible editing
He returns
14:27 LMFAO
The legend himself has finally posted another video :')
I do hope after this he will make a video about Cyberpunk 2077 and Fallout the Frontier
Somebody crash-a ma spaghett!
Comment
NOT A DRILL HE ACTUALLY UPLOADED
The Nord VPN check took a while to mail I see 😅
yay he has come back now time to wait 6 months
Wait you’re alive?
12min ago and 2k comments
can everyone shut up about him not posting,these videos take very long to edit and research smh
T
Cookiezi
Almost 2k people commented before the video ended.  Why am I surprised?
Fuck ya the god uploaded a video
S
WAKE UP BABE NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO
Was expecting Cyberpunk but this...this will do nicely.
A
my man
this is bloody amazing thank you
L
Holy shit he released a videeeaaaa
THANK you been waiting for a new video
I look forward to your videos so much  thank you :)
Internet historian: "Expensive boat" Everyone: " A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one"
I had totally forgotten about the concordia wreck and of internet historian's main channel.
"VADA A BORDO, CAZZO!"
It’s already been eight years since this ship sank? Jesus Christ.
Oh shoot boys, he's done it again.
How you feel making excellent videos for humans? that you don't know...
Ahh yes
Internet Historian’s voice reminds me of the one character from NSR (No Straight Roads) DJ Subatomic SuperNova
me: i'm going to bed now... internet historian: * uploads video * me: well...guess i won't
Internet Historian's ads have a higher production value and are more entertaining than most other people's regular videos.
4:04 there is a typo "He essentially came up the the idea."
The n word lover is back and i mean that in a good way
This isn't GameStonks
Breadsticks.
Wow, l’m here so early for a part of history.....
I am suprised that you covered this, historian, I'm glad. Bright Sun Films also covered the tragedy of Costa Concordia.  Rip to everyone who perished...
7:00 Déjà vu, I've just been in this place before Higher on the street, and I know it's my time to go
Holly shit a main channel video!!!
I had just started rewatching old internet historian vids and this drops!
PRAISE THE GODS FOR THEY HAVE CONVINCED THE ALMIGHTY ONE TO POST!!!  Plox review the Star Wars situation
FINALLY A INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO!!!!!!! YESSSSS
I fucking love the story arc of the nordvpn shills
internet historian is the type of person who can turn anything into a cinematic master piece
6:35 you sly dog
This reminds me of that 1997 all-time classic, Speed 2: Cruise Control.
YASSSSSSSSSS A NEW VID
“It’s been 8 years”-Me every time Internet Historian uploads
He finally uploaded. Now all we have to do is wait for the cyberpunk 2077 episode.
I never clicked on a video so fast IN MY LIFE
Captain: yes im saved Coast Guard: *No*
A welcome surprise indeed.
titanic moment
GME documentary when
Some people enjoy watching train wrecks. A true man of culture watches cruise wrecks.
You should do one of these for Chernobyl
Internet historian with mouth animation is one of the most nightmarish things I've ever seen
Yessir
A blessing has arrived
the awakening of our savior
Can't think of anything funny to say this early so just like the comment in advance.
First
Lol I still remember a couple that was interviewed and asked what they would say to the captain if they could xD  The dude just glared at the camera, shook his head and said he was he could meet him face to face.
Even seeing that notification in my feed made me laugh before viewing.  Shows you how good this man is.
ok it is pogózní
I don't know what I look forward more the story or the ad time
All hail Ye Ol' Internet
Finally a new video.
It was an expensive mistake
And I would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for that non italian or english speaking kid!
I am so incredibly invested in NordVPN guy
It's only been 10 minutes and there are already 1,800, comments!
This is like taking a curse with Tom cruise
This is the earliest I've been for a History Channel documentery.
father is back
I was just rewatching No Man Sky and Kony 2012 tonight lol great timing
Fuck these type of ships. The crew personnels a kept and treated slightly better then slaves.
My names tim he must be recognizing me !!!
Let's Fucking GOOOOOOOO
Wake up babe, Internet Historian just posted!!!!
You're Back!
internet historian uploads are genuinely a site for sore eyes. we love you, man.
You would be the best online teacher ever
I can’t believe Geoffrey Landgrab was involved in such an incident!
Yes! A new video!
Leo DiCaprio is taking notes 📝
I love this channel so damn much
I've been waiting all day for this
I'm holding the line for the Hedge-fund episode
RETURN OF THE KING
:0 New video! It’s been a while  (Edit) 6:45 Over steer is better cuz you don’t see the tree that kills you
Hype time boys!
This is surprising
I could spend hours listening to Internet Historian, and as a matter of fact I have!
He is back
I AM SPEED
Internet Historian remembered the password to his YouTube channel
It's 5 am how can you do this to me?! <3
Don't forget to like the video.
yes.
I never thought he could top the no mans sky video, but holy crap, I love this one
Oh my god. After 5 months of silence! 10 minutes ago! God has uploaded!
NEW CONTENT
Oh man! An internet historian vid! YES!
Watching the ship try to maneuver must have been so difficult to animate in such detail. But it's okay, because he's using...            MATH
Is this real? Internet Historian posting a new video?
I think we might've found where historian used his time machine to go
Very epicly awesome
A Delicious all you could eat seafood buffet
I’ve waited four...no, five thousand years for this moment
the payday music is perfect for the beginning part, great tension
A security guard as a captain who, then, hired a painter as a helmsman? Now, I've seen it all.
New internet historian LETS GO!
Literally just woke up to a internet historian video.. today is a good day
No better feeling than getting a notification for a new Internet Historian video ill tell you hwhat
By far, my favorite producer of content!
You did this to match all the boats on the algorithm didnt you.
Brüh
I know what I'm watching tonight.
10:49
Babe, wake up, new IH video
Wow, it is so odd seeing his mouth move.
i gotta say man, watching your videos is just a treat.. Its amazing how much work you put into the editing. Keep up the great work!!!!
This is an absolutely beautiful after action report. Very throughly deconstructed.
Thank God he’s back
I thought somehow the magician would actually slice someone in half
Brad's wife used to love Concordia
This meets that sweet spot between legitimate documentary and meme
Hooray he's back
He’s back, letsaaa fuckin goooooo
I am so proud to be your first comment, WOW!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
It's always a good day when internet historian posts.
LET'S GOOOO
I was just about to sleep
Love this shit. Been subscribed since Bike lock fugitive and it keeps getting better!
And now we await the Cyberpunk video.
Brother. Just like, become a sailor. Stop hiding your desires. You are a man of the sea. A Seaman
xQc isn't online to react to this widepeepoSad
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Honestly surprised if that dude was actually hired with that significant of a language barrier, if he isnt fluent enough to understand directions, a disaster like this would be sure to happen Edit: Yes I understand many things went wrong and he is not the only one who was underqualified, but piloting a large vessel with the lives of hundreds relying on your skill a language barrier should absolutely not be a factor in whether or not the ship is being maneuvered correctly and safely
every bad omen to ever exist: happens humans: so anyways i started ignoring
welcome back! he clearly has come out of lockdown
Art.
Return of the king
When Historian uploads, the Internet stops what it's doing
You love to see this guy upload a new vid
"Hallelujah" - Berry B. Benson
I just realized that I’m going to be rewatching this for the next 6 months
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one!
HMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Fuck i never know the helmsman were Indonesian
Next video idea. $GME to the moon
9 minutes ago. I am timely today
this video is one of the best things to happen so far this year
3:21 so you still haven't got any of his photo?
I was watching a couple of his videos few times already, hoping to see his next installment.
ah yes, the costa concordia, the biggest boat that ever was .and it was manned by a moron.
1,823rd comment!
Rejoice!
Nothing on Gamestonk?
Yes
I hope you get your Oscar soon.
It's here
The best channel on YouTube! I feel like should buy a ticket
I think this guy saw one of the torpedo scenes from "Hunt for Red October" too many times.
F I N A L L Y - thank you mister internet historian man, very cool
8 minutes ago and already 1.6k comments... mind blown I just love this guys content so much put into yes I love it more give more it’s like ugh drugs yes give me more internet historian this voice is like butter to my ear drums the edits make me laugh like a teenage girl next to their crush
Is there a greater high than binge watching a channel's videos, staring at their homepage and wishing for a new video only then to see a new one appear before your eyes?
Welcome back my child
Woah an actual upload on the main channel
The last time I was this early, a doctor was telling my mom that I wouldn't be going home right away.
The king of the Internet is back 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
Ahh now staying up to 3:40am all seems worth it now. Thank you Daddy Historian.
One more thing: a new video by the Internet Historian! Nice!
What a great day
God, how are you not the size of Mr. Beast?
The Legend is Back!  God bless the people who died trapped in the elevators...
im loving that youre uploading more frequently
Finally, another masterpiece bless our eyes
Unironically better than Titanic.
Gibe cyborpunk Bideo pls
Yo new video
Password has been acquired
I was about to go to sleep :/
No fucking way
I could never trust any Carnival ships for this exact reason, and many others
Fainnly
Internet Historian uploads Me: A blessing from the Lord!
Back to form with classic obtuse and mysterious events I had no idea happened.
Bruh, it's almost 4 am, why did you schedule it at a weird time lol
Why does the opening sound like “My Heart Might Go On?”
finally
Ohh! Internet Historian just uploaded. Go press the crusty alarm, fellas! I know we haven't used it or cleaned it in a while.
Ah the Costa Concordia. Namesake of one of the best Carseat Headrest songs
i alrwady watched the entire video and he went on a weird 20 minute tangent about slimer from ghost busters
Oh God, this Shitshow... You just unlocked a deep memory dude.
Welcome to the semi-annual Internet Historian fanbase meetup, i'll see you all in another 6 months.
Guess he found out he had a first channel again
Main Channel Upload!!
HE IS HERE!!!!
New vid. Please declare a worldwide holiday
WHOA!!!!!
Laaaaast
Can't wait for the Costa Concordia Netflix Documentary
Passengers were like, "Huh nows a great time to invest in wall floors"
Fuck yes welcome back
Nice video!
wake up babe new internet historian video
YES! Today was a good day! Thank YOU!
Lmao this dude hilarious
i literally was just watching a video about this
Oh my, he is back. We should all throw a party
So me binge watching your channel over the last week summoned you?  Good to know!
I did not expect to get an explanation of understeer on an Internet Historian video about a cruise ship...
ok let's wait for another 2 years till the next video comes out
So is this where IH has been
It's been so longggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
HES NOT DEAD
Yesss!!
my mouse is broken from clicking so fast holy shit
Honey wake up, Internet Historian uploaded a new video
finally a new one!
Holy crap i thought this was an incognito post. Im glad you  found your password
bruh im to early
STOP EVERYTHING YOU'RE DOING! START THE PRESSES! HE'S BACK!
Swagger.
What does it take to be in a video of the one and only Internet Historian?    It costs a Concordia
YAY!
watched the bright sun films video on this crash, very intresting
Who will win?  Virgin cruise ship captain or Chad Coast Guard
BEFORE 100K VIEWS LETS GO BOYS
Internet Historian baby!
Bro, do you realize that I've been on a history of maritime disasters kick for the last couple months? Thank you, you beautiful bastard.
Lemmino, but memes.
I saw this and thought, He’ll yeah he back boys!
H
Almost had a trouser accident when I saw this pop up in my recommended...
30mins before test starts* IH: Hey seems like a good time to post a 47min vid
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Thanks
Fallout: Frontier video when?
YESSSS NEW VIDEO
Y E E E E E S
At last
Im so happy im early. Ily so much internet historian
Trying to do homework - Internet Historian uploads. It's 46 minutes. Fuck.
YAY No entiendo nada sin subtitulos~.
Longest day ever man
Oh baby internet historian
I remember making a joke SO many times with my old friend, and all it was is just the phrase  "Have you heard of the Costa Concordia?"
IM HERE BEFORE 100K VIEWS POGGGGG
Well I wasn't expecting this.
580 million dollars to build but only $580 dollars of cocaine for the Captain to make a really bad decision. On a serious note hearing the child cry during muster was heart breaking.
That really Costa'd my Concordias
today's gonna be a good day
Got a blackout while this was posted. Glad i come back to this
1 HOUR LONG SECONDARY CHANNEL VIDEO!! NICE!!
A new treasure within the chaos of 2021.
What if you wanted to go to bed but Internet Historian uploaded a video on his main channel for the first time in 8 years?
He's back
Nice
Oh hells yeah!! Oh that intro. This'll be quality
Looks like I got high just in time.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT ALL MY LIFE AND I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW IT
you cant do this when im writing an essay due in 30 minutes its not allowed
Next video wall street bets!! Making milioners out of bilioners.. :)
If youre looking for a comment that mentions how well this is edited, here it is. the editing is awesome and was definitely worth all the time it took.
The last time I was this early the internet hadn’t been historified
Did you actually just record the preview screen?
Dads back from the store
I Love you Internet Historian.......
So this is how it feels when your dad actually returned from the grocery store 😭
I’m so happy you found your password! That’s a relief.
Epic video
Amazing... Please GameStop
Finally.. i thought 5g got to him first.. luckily he survived         Oh my god he's in on it
time to sit back and smoke a *DOOBIE* to some Internet Historian
Payday OST. Good choice.
Wait, this isn't Internet Historian: Incognito Mode!
Password found
Internet Historian is slowly becoming a genuine legit respectable filmmaker.
Uuhh what is this? Lol
I only turn off SponsorBlock for IH's videos just because they are at least entertaining.
It was worth the wait let’s fucking gooo
Jorge
CANT F BELIEVE YOU UPLOAD A NEW VIDEO
at this point internet historian is part of internet history it's self.
He is back!
only Harold, master of all 3 internet historian channels can entertain us but when the world needed him most, he finally returned
I thought you meant the instrument
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!! Please do the GME stock market saga for your next video.
A 45 minute vid after all this wait sure puts a smile on your face
I’ve become totally invested in IH’s character arc from an “internet historian” to an on-the-internet Historian
Wow, what an amazingly random but highly relevant video to my own interest, i've been watching videos on this dumbass tragedy for years now, its absolutely awful but hilarious how it all went down
he’s back
I miss being able to taste and smell
Yes
It's 5AM. I have online class at 9. But Theres No way im not gonna watch this Video.
Oh hell yes I’m ready history poppa.
cruise ships are actually the worst
He doesn't upload a video for the past five months, "this enraged his father who punished him severely"
First.
Chief approves
I miss the BaldMan reacts... Sadge
yknow maybe 2012 really was the end of the world
Covfefe
Seeing Internet Historian upload a video within your lifetime is a beautiful sight indeed, some people don't get to see such a rare m o m e n t
I'm going to guess that this video is about wallstreet bets Tell me if I'm wrong
Hmmm spegetti on the rocks
Dad's back boys
finally  lets get it
"WE'RE GOING CLOSER THAN WE'VE EVER BEEN BEFORE" *16X THE DETAIL*
though you were dead
Impeachment, election, cyberpunk, gamestop...and we get this. Thank you for your service.
Wake up babe, new Internet Historian is out
Thank you mr ball
The true concordia experience
Yeah, the entire thing was a psyop, too many coincidences for it to be a coincidence.
Wall streets bets when?
Finally A new Master Disaster Video.
The return of the King.
I hope they forced some seamen on the captain's poopdeck while the captains in jail.
Eyyy he's back with more excellent content
I'M EARLY FOR AN INTERNET HISTORIAN VID HOLY FUCK
I love you.
nice
holy shit i’m early to an internet historian video?
Oh so pyrocynical's third channel finally posted huh ?
Last time I was this early GME was under $50. ...wait
Oh my god, he's still alive!
1,478th
The transportation board /n/ had just won the 4chan Cup, coincidence?? I think not...
THE RETURN OF THE KING
YES, THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED!
He be back from the quarantine
Omfg this channel isn't dead...
Fun fact: no one has finished the video yet.
me when he upload the video: (this is me) wow a new video
Never have I clicked so fast. Time to watch this on my smart tv
Sailor's party
How about a video on the craze with Reddit and GameStop!!!
the next one will either be gamestop stocks or cyberpunk
Daddy you're back
I don't know why you picked this topic, but i love it
Concordia is my favorite board game.
he's back
FUCK YES!
hell yeah brother
At this point in time no one has watched the entire video
At this rate, this guy will pull up an Attenborough on us and post full-blown documentaries every 2 years
An inexpensive caption with a helmsman that can’t even speak the same language? Of course they ships gonna sink
nice
My lord & savior returns!
Nice video
I have never clicked so fast
Cost of Concordia? OH NO.
The return of the king.
Ah yes a video about the biggest shit show in modern cruse line history and captain and personnel incompetence
oh my god, he returns!
Oh fuck yeah
I guess he never got Jacob Rusli Bin's face huh
Pp poo poo I'm the first
My johnnie gets excited when I see an Internet Historian YouTube noti
👀👀👀
Life is about to suck again in about 46 minutes
This is what would happen if Internet Historian was put in charge of a cruise ship.
As an italian dude i'm so happy someone can finaly talk about this event as good as him. Thank you man and please dont forget your password again
I’m thumbing down because it’s been too long since last upload. Fight me!
1 minute in and I already know the cost of the ship why haven't the credits started rolling?
What could possibly go wrong 😑
LETS GO BABYY
1,486th!!!
So many comments already. I’ll never be first 😩
1.4k comments in 5 min, damn
It's always a good day when internet historian uploads
01:45 Wait... Is Internet Historian implying that Captain Schettino *murdered* his way to the captaincy?
ah finally something else to keep me up at night
I. Said LAST GODDAMIT
Moral of the story: Something massively big won't always go right
ey who here are subscribed to both BrightSunFilms and Internet Historian? wadduppp
Nothing ever good happens in big boats.
I feel blessed to have two internet historian uploads so close together.
I CAN'T BILIEVE
Mandatory Password Joke
YEEEEEEES. Texas thanks you! A prefect video for this chilly day
YEES!
Why am I awake at 10:30 Jamaican time?
finally he uploaded
Eey, it's here.
I was just about to log off  😁
*Insert interchangeable joke about remembering password here
Srly never clicked faster :D
A new day, a new thing to laugh/cry about.
Now remember your password this time dammit
I can hear you breathing Greg Heffley
were all so early that none of us have finished the video yet
wake up babe, new internet historian video
Yesssssssssiiiiiiirrrrrrrr
These videos somehow get me to draw full out illustrations at a rapid pace- and just when my mind was going adrift, here's a new video. My luck is pristine.
Awwww fug
It only took him a pandemic to upload another video
Holy ship he's back.     See what I did there ;)
He's back baby
I thought the next video would be a part 3 to the last video but I guess this will do
Finally you lazy god
HOLY SHIT UPLOAD HYPE WE ALL HAVE IT 😍😍🥲🥲🥲 IM FUCKING CRYING
It’s literally midnight when this is posted and I’m still here I have a test tomorrow but I’m still here
SOMETHING ON THE NEW CHANNEL
Plot Twist! The Execs deliberately allowed for all of this to happen because they did too much cocaine and did it for the meme!
Y E  S ITS BEEN YEARS!!! FINALLY A NEW ONE
hey babe, internet historian just posted
How dare you drop this as Im laying down too sleep, 4 hours away from a 12 hour shift. How dare you.
A main channel upload, by the gods.
Wow, posted less than five minutes, and already there's almost 1,400 comments. Impressive!
The posts are rare, but they are good ones
Wait I thought you lost your password to this account
thought this was an old video when i saw ir
yesSSs
Masterpiece
Wait.... A FOOKING 45 MINUTE VIDEO ON THE MAIN CHANNEL !!
So you are alive
As an Italian, this was a huge deal (and embarrassment) for a long time. What a series of bad events...
It is said to never happen
If your reading this in nyc times Feb 16 Go to sleep
I was just rewatching his videos, perfect timing
Finally!
Commenting before the first person finished the vid😳
You are alive
. . . I'm supposed to be working.
EARLY YO
8 seconds in and I liked the video. Fight me
WE HERE LET'S GO
Please do Cyberpunk next.
the only ads i would never skip
long have i waited...
am early
The perfect time to sit with friends and family to watch some Internet History.
None of you clowns have seen the whole video yet....and if your reading this, FINISH, THAN we can talk.
Looks like the supercomputer used to crack IH's YouTube password finally paid off.
funny boat
Took ya long enough son! Welcome back!
Missed you
YUS
YESSSSS
how is there already over 1000 comments
38:49 fkn puns LOL
Now we will have to wait 6 months for another video 🥲
DO MOREEEE
Oh my god! He has returned!!!!
This is cool an all but we all know we want a video on Gamestop.
“Quote from video”  5k likes
I canceled my onlyfans subscription for this
posted 4 minutes ago, 3.5K likes, 16k views. very naise
I'm shaking and cryng rn, finally, an upload. My great grandkids can finally know the joy of my age.
You should do a collaboration with Casually Explained.
If I'll be honest, I actually love the content on your second channel. Just dudes shitting on whatever internet and being themselves just makes me smile and laugh
The king has returned
Kept ya waiting, huh?
Perfect for when the US freezes over
Guess he finally found the password for this account.
:) time to enjoy this
Last
I was gonna go to bed but okay one more video
He’s back!
HE IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!
Pizza
Never been this early
Wow, hello.
"Please behave yourselves" No fun, eh?
Video has been live for 4 minutes and it already has 15k views. Wow.
Fuckin' 'Straya timezones
Oh my gosh it's 45 minutes long YES
We've been WAITING
so excited to watch this! 🍿 🕛
funny Aussie man returns
Man returns. The world just became a little better
Ella Jane Fitzgerald was an American jazz singer, sometimes referred to as the First Lady of Song, Queen of Jazz, and Lady Ella. She was noted for her purity of tone, impeccable diction, phrasing, timing, intonation, and a "horn-like" improvisational ability, particularly in her scat singing.
I need to go to bed Historian, why do you do this to me??
LETS GOOOOO
Damn it I got spoilers for this from watching bright sun films video
Finally. Ive been waiting for this
A new Internet Historian video alongside a Nintendo Direct? Their upload schedule must be in sync.
I needed your upload soo bad its been 6 months wtf
I don't understand people who get up one day and say, hey, for our luxurious vacation, let's spend it on a big boat. Just seems like a strange concept to me.
Yes Yes Yes......
Wow he is freakin alive, heck yea
i was just looking in this channel and saw a vid sec ago
wth. How is there so many comments in 3 min
nice to see you back in these parts... old friend
4 minutes baby
I feel honored to be here this early
nice a new upload
When we needed him most he remembers his password
Good Bye sleep
2:11 WOAH ACTUAL FACIAL ANIMATION? Wow the production has truly gone up
BOAT
the man is back, but wait . someone is still missing Sir Sam O'Nellla... we miss u
Yo wassup
It's been a while
oh shit he's back
It’s haven’t even been 5 minutes. How are some comments already at 500 likes
Groovy .
Its been 8 months.....
Ghetto Titanic
i have been waiting for this
“Hey babe wake up, new internet historian video”
Oh my lord what a birthday present for me
SO THIS IS HOW HE SANK TO THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN IN FYRE FESTIVAL-- IT'S ALL CONNECTED YOU GUYS
HE’S ALIVE!!!!!
Our lord and savior returned !
Barely into the video and i just remembered it sinked
Oh my
Everyone: MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT HAHA STONKS! Internet historian: Nah.....Haha, boat go brrr!
King
Finally, time for another IH documentary
God bless this man
Today is a good day.
Pure art
2:11 Jesus fucking Christ is that proper animation I see before me?
*fIrSt*
Another one for the ages
The mouth moving at 2:11 really looked weird, and I never wanna see it again
I was supposed to be aboard Concordia on its next voyage.  When the ship sunk and the company was like "don't worry we got another ship you can sail on (Favolosa), well, I was till a little worried ngl.
y e s
I leave my comment to preserve it for history.
Im here and I'm just so hyped for the GameStop video
babe wake up, new Internet Historian video
As soon as he mentioned The Titanic,  You just KNOW it's not going to end well.
I'm not really the comment leaving type but I just saw his lips move in a talking animation and wow it's a whole new game for this guy good show old chap
finally some good f*cking content and I dont need to see it.
A few more days..... sure
ive never been this early omg,will my very specific knowledge of sunken ships finally come in handy
Wake up babe, IH upload a video
Internet Historian: “I LIVE ONCE MORE!”
wait, who are you again?
First a Nintendo direct now an Internet Historian video it cant get any better than this
Hmm . . . How about the Cyberpunk 2077 next time?
When a youtuber uploads again Unoriginal people: *frantically types he remembered his password or when the world needed him most he returned*
YES LADS!!
early babey
Have my babies
Suddenly Tuesday night is lookin' gooood
finally he returns
h o l y  s h i t
Happy day, the historian has returned
Oh God this is it
Guess Cyberpunk's the next video, huh?
Finally......
Ohhh noooo
this is not what i was expecting to see when i refreshed youtubwe's home page
Lucky 38
I needed this omg
Beautiful
daddy has uploaded!  time to wait till 2022
Bruh this was uploaded two minutes ago and has 1000 comments
The Internet Historian covering one of my favorite Cowards.  This is gonna be magical <3 <3 <3
when you think your the first to comment  but there is 1000+ others
Well holy shit. The boomer finally uploaded.
The profet... is back? With... my homeland sauce? I'm mamamiaing my best mama
He’s returned
Pog
I don't know what I want. I still want a Last of Us 2 video. But I also now want a Fallout The Frontier. Hell, even HOI4 TNO. In fact, a video just on mods gone wrong.
He hath risen. Rejoice!
He mast have received his alimony from Sseth
Dude, as an italian i'm so HYPED FOR THIS °O°  I appreciate that olive oil Flying around.  You mispronunced every name thought  19:19 WTF hollow knight? That's awsome
been waiting for this for over 10 hours u lil cutie, u
I can't believe I get this stuff for free
the second coming of the historian, boy im ready
we're back in business, fellas
pretty good video ok?
bird
>new Internet historian vid >3:30am ... Who needs sleep anyway?
I was expecting gamestop lol
HES BACK
AAYOOOOOO?????!
He has returned
i am ealy heck
what
8 years already, huh? Crazy..
OH yeaaah time for a 4 am history lesson
The return of the Mack
My god...  He finally remembered his password.
Gamestop when?
Ha Ha Ha. Great Vid
Its only been one minute, why are there over 1k comments
This should be a treat.
Ohhhh shit he got his password back
Nice
i hope you are also working on the Gamestop/WSB episode
Internet historian really out here making life worth living again
Enjoy this video boys cause the next one is coming out in 2077.
Holly fuc, he is back....
mate, where is rona part 3????????????????????????????????
what we all needed
Everyone-"Gme?" Internet Historian-"Boats go sink hehe"
It has been 8 years since the last upload on this channel
Betcha NordVPN woke him from hibernation
Epic
NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO HYPE
What the fuck is this? 2 videos!?!?
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Do an Episode on Fallout: The Frontier... please, Father?
truly astounding.
damn this is the ealiest ive gotten to one of your vids hope your doing well
OH GOD... best notification of the year.
This channel of Internet Historian is like seeing Cicada 3301 back.
Maybe the real internet historian main channel video, were the friends we made along the way.
Finally, something to watch while I poop.
first
Have never clicked so fast 💨
It's been 84 years...
The biggest drop I get this month
HONEY WAKE UP, NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN!
New titanic remake is fun !
Never been this early! Love your vids!
bro the mouth moving on your character is throwing me off
Wheres part 3 to the varus?
The internet historian is cloud.
YES!
Costacorocokdia
Im finally on time
Welcome back to the main channel!
My finger is on fire
Just watched a video on this absolute clusterfuck. It getting the IH treatment is gon be goooood.
THANK GOD
2:10 that animation is both really cool and really terrifying.
Internet Historian Uploads:  Me: Its gonna be a great day
Lol, not first
He is finally back
The virus  Can't stop the Internet historian
Bruh... It's half three in the morning
Welp, at least I got another internet historian video to rewatch over and over again
Quick I better comment something before everyone gets here to be cool
I was on a cruise ship when the Costa Concordia sunk so it was scary.
The god has comeback
Finally
🙃
OH MY GOD NEW VIDEO, THYME TO USE MY NORD VPN ACCOUNT TO WATCH IT
Yup, I'm thinking he's back
My man finally reset his password
22:25 AMOGUS
It's 3 in the morning where I am... but sleep can wait
HE COME BACK
*Sharts with vigor*
So it's not "The Varus part 3", huh?
thanks for the good videos
Today's a good day
My power is out in Texas but ill glady use my hotspot for this shit
Long time fam
I guess nobody watches your incognito channel and thinks you’re “back” rn
"Is this going to be a long video? Who am I kidding, the surgery can wait! WATCH NOW!"
2 minutes ago 1k+ comments already.
Finally I’m glad he woke up from his coma
Seems like you got your password back from the internet hackers once again. I wonder how you did it. A phone call to my parents, perhaps? They always seem to know passwords, especially to porn sites. How do they even know my porn password, I make sure to close out of the website!
I logged off Runescape for this, not even my girlfriend gets such treatment.
THE REFRESH WORKED! New video!  BTW, who's the lucky sod that made a quick $1k for Rusli Bin?
aahhh finally . . . something new.
Hope GME gets a video.
i was just binging your content for the first time in months, what the hell is this timing?
I love this and you
Password was password1
Hitler killed a lot of Nazis.  And he killed Hitler.
First
WERE BSCK IN BUSINESS
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
Ah yes, a cup of coffee, a fireplace, and a new internet historian video. Just bliss.
Finally he found the password!
Wake up babe, new internet historian lesson
wow i'm early.
HELLO HUMANS !
As they say Legends never dies
ok
He came back after six months to talk about a cruise ship. Iconic.
OMG OMG OMG HE POSTED.
i'm here to witness this history
He back
It's all fun and games till Concordia Captain sails into a bunch of rocks.
Historian finally convinced Youtube to give him his password back.
cyberpunk 2077 and gme dammit :(
Oh this is going to be good. I remember this incident.
Bless up children we’ve been blessed with a 40+ min vid
Feed me stories daddy
I’ve been binging boats sinking this is not a coincidence but hat you’ve posted this wtf fuck off god you won’t catch me in an intricate financial scheme invoking all the worlds powers in a horrible boating accident just stop
We need an internet historian video on the trump coup attempt there’s so many juicy memes in there. Reminds me of  the rapture hoax
Damn has it really only been 5 months?
Oh boy
Güelcum bak
Corona Concordia! Yea welcome back
Internet historian or internet history
I guess you could say it costa lot to make
*AWWWWW SHIT* THIS IS SOME GOOD SHIT RIGHT HERE
Are you going to do one on Cyberpunk?
At this day the internet rejoiced for the revival of the internet messiah
Never this early. But here I am. And I'll watch the whole thing.
hold me once again daddy
*nipple rubbing intensifies*
How long has it been since I've seen that sacred Internet Historian notification
posted 1 min ago 888 comments
The Lord has returned!
The king has returned...
s h i p p e
When Korone Varus part 3
Hey you..you finally awake..
Five months sure felt fast
Internet historian uploads:    Me: best day ever!!!!!!!
I'm going to guess the ship fucking explodes. I was close enough
The king...*I bow*...has returned
the cost of internet historian uploading
Oh snap am I early!!!
Internet historian is my papi
Cyberpunk Please 😆
five months later
Wow. Never been so early
Welcome back sir.
As an italian, I still remember this tragedy even to this day
I dont know what the hell concordia is but I hear "my heart will go on" in the intro so I assume that this will end with a glacier
Now do Fallout: The Frontier history
I look forward to the inevitable Cyberpunk 2077 video. Once CD stop constantly shitting themselves for 5 seconds...
Early gang Leave a like.
i clicked with 1 minute and 1 view, youtube doing you justice, but i want to know how ppl are already quoting this shit
HE'S ALIVE
Great video loved it watched the entire thing
has it really been 10 quintillion years yet?
New Second Channel Video: Fashion.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sn286tPtDE
I ran out of work as soon as I saw an Internet historian notification on my phone
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Is it true, is it really true
Pog
Hell yeah a new IH video!
I have never clicked on a video from you so quickly oh my goodness this was such an interesting time in my life and I thank you graciously for assembling another quality production documenting it for future generations to learn and be curious about!
“Ooh boy a new Internet Historian video!”  *checks how long it is*  *...starts heating up popcorn*
This video isn’t about corona w... what?!??
awesome
Thank you for posting new video now I can procrastinate on the thing I was doing just before I saw this being posted
Oh good I was worried that guy that orchestrated the Kony sting with Angelina Jolie actually suicided you
Huzzah, he returns!
Welcome back old friend
When your notifications don’t fail you 👌🏽
Thanks, now I got another reason to procrastinate and not do my homework.
I wonder who the two people are who get notifications for this channel only to come here and dislike the vid.
Nice
Finally!!!!!
See you again a year from now.
👁👄👁
HE RETURNS!
Uploads right when my house is going through outages now I can’t watch all of it
I was sure you were still stuck on fyre Island
Ah yes, my favorite man has come back
The cost was about tree fiddy
xqcL
Hey babe, internet historian uploaded
1 view 484 comments 1.1k likes  Seems legit
So you finally got off Great Exuma.
No cyberpunk video? Disappointed.
hi
HE'S BACK
How much is the cost of this upload?
Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbhhhhhhhhhh
When we needed him the most he came back
Ooohhh a new video. I hope shadow man is in this one, he's my favourite.
Yes!
1view =1.5k likes   Y.       E.       S.
"Babe, wake up" "Why?" "New Internet Historian video"
review cyberpunk 2077
He’s back!
700 comments not one person could have finished watching this yet
I havent seen you post in a year😭😭
Can’t tell if I am crying because of the music or because he’s back ;-;
I hate how much I love your content, it ain’t healthy man
Welcome back old man
Last time I was this early I.... wait Ive never been this early!
''Hold me Concordia.''
Sooo. When gamestop video. Tell us please!!
Finland
Nordvpn coming in clutch with his password
Oo yeas baby...
Jesus is back.
Speed is best but Internet Historian is better
Ok. Put everything on hold. It is time.
People here commenting before it's even possible to have finished the video.
I've waited 4- no, 5,000 years for this
ONE VIEW, AND 1K LIKES, WHAT?
Dam what took you so long.
Glad to see this channel isn't dead.
Ty internet historian, very cool
Let's go
Youtube be like: *1 view* *1 minute ago* *418 comments*
Behold, our overlord has blessed us with a video in these trying times.
haha thanks
YOOOOOOOOOOOO HOLY SHIT
The legend is back!
The return of the king
What happens in Concordia, stays in Concordia.
Should have used Nord, smh.
Man that ship turn into a seafood Restaurant
I used to like the mornings...
Hello internet mystery man how are u today
Hapax legonamanon I think you’ll agree
i remember this documentary
woah
Good timing, I was looking for another way to procrastinate
The lord is back, praise he be
Where  is AREA 51 raid history lesson!
Guess who's back Back again Guess who's back Tell a friend
Quick someone save his password before he looses it again
No way img omg
he had to request a password reset
YESSSSSSS
0:19 me smoking weed
About time lol
im here tho
He finally remembered his password, he finally figured it out.
Good to see you back here
We better see a video about the mighty Sneedclave, Historian.
forgot password was pressed
Where the HELL is your Cyberpunk VIDEO????
HE USED LASTPASS! HE'S BACK hi daddy <3
This is what dreams are made of
I thought he said Concord Dawn
Ah the finest ship in the 7 seas
I only saw the first 0:32 seconds of it and I love it already
Amazing
Oh shit I know this one! It’s a classic!
1 view? 511 comments? sounds about right.
Hopefully he does a gamestop video. Its practically internet history in the MAKING
When your dad finally comes back from buying cigarettes and milk.
He has RETURNED !
Never have I ever been this early to see an IH video
Oh shit I'm early. Quickly thinks of sometging funny to say. AHEM. Voldemort gave me a Gun.
HOLY SHIT IM EARLY
Oh no.
early but can already tell this is gonna be a masterpiece
last time i was this early was my birth
Yay
Let me just grab my popcorn
Where’s the Area 51 video Historian, huh
hey
Last time i was this early Robinhood was still trading GME.... lmfao linus shiptips... fuckin done mate
I've been awaiting another 50 minute masterpiece. It is time
He’s back boys
YEEEEE
I woke up to watch this
internethistorian dot com slash nordvpn
Yes!
Our Internet lord and saviour has come to bless us with another video! Huzzah!
Internet historian Rule 34 version for now
Regular posting is for losers
Why do people comment
He's...returned with many tales to tell anew.
I still can’t believe how poorly that captain handled this whole thing😂😂
The king of weird history is back!!
He finally remembered his password!
Oh fuck yes
babe wake up internet historian just uploaded
Hes back!
KonKordIa
*Spits out water*  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!  ITS SHOW TIIIIIIIME  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Wow 1 minute ago and 300 comments that is some speed
:)
A few seconds in and Historian described the time since the last video, 8 years
Oooooooooooooooooooooh  Bright sun anyone?
OUR LORD HAS RETURNED!
HE POSTED
Heeeeeeell Yeeeeeeeeeah!!!!!
YEESSS
I just hope you're going to make a cyberpunk video
1.3K likes 1 view. Yup its youtube time
I’m sitting at the edge of my seat rn
fk yes
He's back boys. Let us rejoice
1 view, nice
posted 5 seconds ago 1 view 56 comments 81 likes 0 dislikes now i'm no fan of maths but something don't seem right here!
HE DIDN’T LIE FELLAS
Finally
Last time I was this early, Australia was still a prison colony!
He's back!
The password has returned
Fancy to see you guys here
The guy finally got his password back... LET'S GOOOOOO
omg, its been to long....
_The Return of the King_
HEY YOU KIDS LIKE FORTNITE?
Yeet
Lol 1 view 1.4k likes
Daddy's home!
1 view
Early Squad!!
Yeah
42 seconds
A new Internet Historian video...on my 18th Birthday.  Yes.
Welcome back. :)
What is cost of concordia
LETS GOOOO
week three of waiting for Frontier
YOOO FUCKING CONCORDIA  ( too bad i watched the Abandoned series lmao )
We baaaaack
When the world needed him the most      He came back
Epic
The cost doesn't matter, the best I can do is 20 bucks
Oy boys goodday
I've been starving for more Internet Historian content I've never clicked so fast
what nationality are you?
Dropping fat dumps while watching
It's not even march and we already got a video yessssssss
I've never clicked on a notif on my phone so quick before
He's back. We won't see him again until 2022
Oh shit this channel still exists!?
Looking forward to the Gamestonk video
Let’s fucking Goooooo
He's back
EARLY GANG
At my grandads funeral. Sorry grandpa 🤚🏽 Internet Historian uploaded ‼️👏🏽🗣
Let’s go
We missed you man!
He’s back. I’m so excited
YOURE ALIVE
The Legend is back
THE PASSWORD
When the world needed him most he returned     Now give me likes please
Early gang
Guess who’s back, he is back.
I did it! I’m early! So early it reminds me of before I had to wear a mask.
big chungus
top 2 minutes
Nani!?
The ads are easily the best part of this video
For some reason I thought the title said the cost of “cocaine”
WE IN IT NOW BOYS
He has returned
Guys I figured out  his password.... it’s DashconBestcon
Yooooo new upload lets gooo
Finalement
At last! The historian has returned!
I missed you sm
"new video in a few hours" Yea, few. 12 hours
FINALLY
wtf is happeniiing
The Return of the King!
For real?
:)
Waited to long for this blessed moment
Well this was a pleasant surprise to randomly wake up to
The Lord has blessed us once again
1 view, 471 comments... what?
welcome back
Nice.
One view and 740 likes. What?!
OH AND LIKE THAT MY DAY HAS IMPROVED
I should be paying for content this good
BABE WAKE UP NEW INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO
HE HAS ARRIVED FROM THE DEPTHS OF SPACE TO GRANT US A NEW VIDEO!
Finally
Can't wait for the Reddit vs Wall Street thing from you... 😊😊😊
babe wake up new internet historian video just dropped
THE RETURN OF THE KING
lit
*From the creators of Knack and Knack II*
HE ON X GAMES MODE
hi
It's been so long...   So long...  Since I found a video upload with tons of comments, and I cant view any of them.
"kept you waiting huh?"
"I can better direct rescue efforts from my comfy home"
1 view the hell
my mans came out of hibernation let's go
Ahh another reason. To procastnate hw
The man, the myth, the legend has once again blessed us with a video
Oh shit new vid
I've never clicked so fast in my life
Who's Still waiting for cyberpunk2077?
WOOOOOO
Ha!
I clicked so fast I didn’t even read the title
Let's go
Mom Internet Historian is on!
He hath returned!
oh my god. i've waited so long for this
Its been over a century but he finally uploaded
Lol
YOU POSTED?!? Wtf???
Clippy came in clutch and gave him his password
wow internet historian
It is time
LETS GOOO
Insta click
pog
LETS-A FUCKING GOOOOO
Jesus Christ a few seconds and its like everyone's already viewed it
*OH BABY, THE BOYS BACK!*
Yes
Daddys back from the store guys. He's finally back with the milk.
Lets gooo
POOP FUNNY
Finally ,he remembered his password
The return of the king
46min that's pretty Pog
At long last,    *He Returns.*
I'm Gay
Funny first comment
Its been 84 years
Finally us normies can watch!! :D
YOLOOO
I thought we would get a gme vid
AYY AN UPLOAD LETS GOOOO
25:14
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! EMBRACE IT!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
“It’s been eight years” .... since Internet Historian’s last video
Yeeeeees new fucking video
yoooooo Its 5 am
YEEEEEAAAA
A new post finally
Yo he back
Yo I'm early! Hi everyone!!!
Haven't watched it yet, but probably another banger. Alas, the king has returned.
I love you
Internet Historian video that's one second old.  I'm truly blessed.
Holy shit the mad lads done it.. he posted a video
Concordia, more like Con
wack
quick honey, new internet historian!
oh no
I ain’t first but I ain’t last
IT HAS BEEN 8 YEARS SINCE AN UPLOAD
YOOO
You remembered you have a youtube channel?
He finally remembers his password
pp
He lives!
First one
Finally some good fucking content
I like this guys videos.
we missed you Mr. Herstorian’s boyfriend
Yesssss
Woooooooo
YES!!! an Internet Historian video! LET'S GOOOO
Yo the Concordia is pretty chill maybe you can join it or something.
Legend is back
Oh god my auntie was on this ship the voyage before it sank. Fuck.
password recovered
Yes
Boys we are in for a treat
nice
WOOOOO
hi
Congrats on finding the password to your main channel
yearly upload
Sorry I had to be the first dislike
I miss my baby’s birthday for this
neat
YEP NEW VIDEO
Generic comment
This is an interesting topic for internet historian...
LETSSS GO
Here at 1 view
Cyberpunk dumpster fire plzzz
Bright Sun Films already covered this story but damn am I excited
Finally
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
171 comments, 1 views.
holly shit im early
Harld
I’m early so I have no joke to make,  Falaphal
First 500 comments
Never been so fast
Holy fuck hes back
It's been a long time
Welcome back!
I STOPPED MY MUSIC FOR THIS
First: everyone pause to document this historical event
Hes back
yayyyy internet historian
1 view but 106 comments 😅
Hes back babyyy
A new Internet Historian video? Well shit, the world is definitely coming to an end!
:0
YAY HE'S BACK!
Forget sleep, internet historian all the way baby!
WOOOOO
YESSSSSSSSSSS ANOTHER INTERNET HISTORIAN VIDEO LETS FUCKEN GOOOOOOO
Good
56th
The favourite son has returned!!!
fIrSt
NOTIFICATION SQUAD
I check your channel about 10x times a month to see if there is a new video
The return
The Man The Myth The Legend Is Back
YEA BABY
A BLESSING FROM THE NORTH VPEEN!
Early gang
bruh
Oh god, he’s back.
Ayy
Cyberpunk2077 please!!
Let’s gooooooooooo, my man returns from his covid hibernation
HE.. HES HERE! HES HERE! HES BACK
Oh my god fuckin finally!! Missed you Historian. But I wouldn’t have missed you had I checked out INTERNET HISTORIAN LIVE
YOOOOOO
1 view 194 comments hmm
FINALLY LETS GOOOOOO
I really can’t wait to see all of the comments about how long it’s been since an upload
So, Fallout The Frontier next?
my body is ready
Bland pepper
It was an expensive mistake...
YOOOOOOOOOO
HEY BIG MAN EXCITED TO WATCH THIS
Yes
OOOOOOOOH GAWD ITS BEN SO DAMN LOOONG
Another video, YES!
AYY
Mr. Historian pls cover the GameStonk story after the congress hearing
Me: *realizes the disaster happened on my birthday* Also me: Maybe I, am a bad omen.
bruv
Return of the King
I really hope you go over The Frontier next
When you randomly look at newest videos from subscribed to channels and see an internet historian videos 18 SECONDS AGO POOOG
YES YES YEEES
Pog
How long has it been
It was £67
I feel like Internet Historian rolls dice to determine how many months until he posts and what random topic hell write about lol
YESSSS LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
ni
Last time I was this early I forgot my password.
THE MESSIAH IS BACK!
About fucking time
There are about 10,000 people that were living their lives then got a notification and dropped everything.
I'm S P E E D.
first!
Finally the legend is back!
oh my god finally
Impossible
F
INTERNET HISTORIAN WE LOVE YOU
Here before 1 view
Pog
yo
Don't know what Concordia is/was, but I'm ready to learn.
???!!!!
Now this is a W
Yes!
Oh boy lads we early. I don't even know what this is and I'm excited.
HE HAS RETURNED
Oh yeah
hey lol
1 view, 90+ comments, 240+ likes, 36 seconds since upload
Holy shit the early hype
awesome, another Internet Historian video to binge-watch B)
Yes! New video!
oh hey
The sw
I was literally bouta go to sleep ffs I work tomorrow
Noice
BRUH
AFTER SO LONG, THE MAN RETERNS
first!
123
at least $2
UPLOOOOOOD
You have finally back!!!!
Not first
Finally he uploaded
Pin me because I'm Australian.
Micce
Its 4 am dude
Yes!
Let's gooooo
1 views, 194 comments. APPLAUD YOUTUBE
Omg a new video. Truly god has given us a good day
Hell yeah! I miss you
YAY THANK GOD A UPLOAD
We have been blessed
Come hither! The historian has posted!
pog
INTERNET HISTORIAN FUCKING LIVES, NOTIFICATIONS ON
YOOOO
pog
oh shit i’m early
HOLY FUCK IT'S HAPPENING
Where the Cyberpunk video at boi?
same
woooooooooooo
Its so bizarre knowing that I’m watching this at the exact same time with thousands of others
You my child are a bit to late,  but I am still thankful for your presence
He lives
POGGERS
FINALLY
Like the place in borderlands
huhu
Now this is poggers
WOOOOOO FINALLYYYY
Very nice
YO
The legend returns
He’s back!
We’ve been blessed
Sup boys Ma man back in action and well I’m happy
He bacc
hes back bois
why is this top comment
nani
Sick
He is finally back people!
YOU'RE ALIVE!!!!
holy crap another upload within the same year? 2021 may not be so bad
YESSSS
Nani
The king has returned
Wooooooooo! New Internet Historian video!
The king is back.
hi
LET'S fucking GOOOO
HERE WE GO!
Bruh
I was gonna go to bed but i guess now i have better things to do
HE LIVESSSSSS
Let's go!!!!!!
I feel like Internet Historian posts a vid whenever I take a dump.
DADDY FINALLYYYY
Epic
First
WOOOOOOOOO
About damn time. Now it's just time for Sam O'Nella to upload
my father is back!
It’s not Cyberpunk... *but I’ll take it*
How I missed him
first post in 8 years
hi
Hi early people
👩🏿‍🎓
HES BACKKKKKK
Finally
HE HAS RETURNED
POG
YES
Oh yeah, 46 minute internet historian video let's go.
Finally, after all these years. WE HAVE IT LADS. THE "NEW VIDEO" IS UPON US.
He's back!
Looking back at the whole picture. I am honestly surprised it didn't happened earlier.
Pp
the only channel where you look forward to the ads aswell as the video
First
FINALLY, depression will have to wait
What? Why
THE KING IS BACK
Internet Historian, more like Internet un-historian.
Im so first that the ship has not sank yet
What be this lads
100 comments in 30 seconds  Slow down
Oooooohh babyy hes back
God has uploaded!
wow, new one
1 view, 74 comments(invisible of course)
LETS GO
A
a
HE'S BACK BABY!!!!!!
RETURN OF THE KING
Ok
195th
!!!! Yes !!!!
A new IH video? Today's gonna be a good one.
PASSWORD FOUND
When’s the fall of 77??
“And when the world needed h-“ “Shut.”
HE FINALLY GOT HIS PASSWORD BACK!
Password found! Woo!!!
Yessir
Internet Historian should open a museum with at least an entire wing for rare pepes.
R.I.P. JOE ROGAN!!!!!!
YES HE IS HERE!!! HE IS BACK
A
Internet historian is a cool dude with a sexy voice and he has the best content.
Last time I was this early, I fell asleep in line for the Titanic.
Finally
Never clicked a video so fast!
looks like i refreshed youtube at a good time
new vidddd
I'm so early I don't even know how to react
IM EARLY ?? POG
beep boop bop
Poggy Woggy
1 second ago POG
HE'S BACK
He has returned
Been a while
Poggggg we here early boys
Instant click
First
1 view 103 likes 89 comments and I can see none.
nice
Dad finally returned from buying cigarettes!
FINALLY
The legend remembered the password
NEW VIDEOOOOOOOO!!!!
Woah! Can't believe you're making a video about the Lutheran Confessions!
Great video! 👍
wtf is a Concordia?
Right as I was about to go to bed.
hello
ouie
e
let's go
Spaghetti and ship
Can't wait till r/Wallstreetbets
Its been years
daddy uploaded????
Yes
Hello
Bote
Glad I stayed awake. What surprises await us?
1 view lmao
A new video... Such a refreshing feeling.
woohoo
OH BOY
fINALLY
1 sec no views and 41 comments
Mother's milk
ITS FINALLY FUCKING HERE
See you guys later in another 3 years for a new video
OH FUCK YESS THIS ID ALMOST SN HOUR
It thought i was first
yeas
Finally, he's back
Wow
I've been waiting for this oneeeeee
Time to drop my plans for the evening. Welcome back, mate!  (EDIT: I remember back when this was the biggest news story on CNN. Seems like an age ago now.)
Dinosaur 🦖
About damn time grandpa
yooo my guys lookin fresh
Yooooooo
the cost? what is it? idk i haven't seen the full video
huh 1 second and 1 view, damn
Perfect time for a 45 minute video, in a winter storm
Ah yes a profit of staying up late for today
Amazing
Welcome back, try to remember your password this time
Yeah
nice.
my cat farted on my computer wifi modem and its been slow since
Nobody likes soggy bread anyway
*sees 46 minute video from Internet Historian*  I'm ready...
"It's been 8 years" it has been indeed 8 years since your last video
POGGERS LETS GOOO
Finally
Pig internet historian
POG
finally, the god speaks
second
pretty cool
yo holy shit he finally uploaded the lord has returned to give us another gift from the internet
Damn
holy shit he uploaded
pog
ITS HERE BOIS
First
oh yes
About damn time
Pog
f u r s t
Long have I waited for this moment.
Yes
Woah, A New Internet Historian Video.
finally.
1 view club
Hello All
:)
yo im first holy shit
LETS GOOOO
30 seconds
The legend is home
Yes 6:22 28:47 32:43
We back in this bois 😎
Nice
Yooo a post
Yes
He's Back!
Oh no.
Fifth
MAIN CHANNELLL
AAAAAAHHHHH
i love you
IM HERE IM EHRE LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Amazing, a fucking video on something I have no clue on
Hi guys
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Finally Concordance  I don’t know what that word means
yas
Hell yeah I am hyped
Holy crap a new video on the main channel?
ALL HAIL  THE LORD HAS RETURNED  PRAISE THE GOURDS
second
Back at it again
1 view gang
POGGERS
I’m EXCITED
Oh yeah, Concordia.
HE'S RETURNED. HE FIGURED OUT HIS PASSWORD
I've never been this early
11
Balls
great video has always
yoooo
It's been so long.
Close enough to first
Third
YES
Bruh I’ve been waiting tho
Ok
oh boi oh boi
dang i was fast, but others were faster
nice.
Wassup
first
Not dead pog
FINALLY
i have never clicked on a video so fast that it has been released 2 seconds ago
Oh boi he back!
Boat
Daddy?????
Finally
Pog
He finally remembered his password.
e
First
First lov ur videos man
YO UPLOAD MOMENT?
Thank you for the video
yes.
first
this is epic
HE’S BACK.
cool
Cool.
He has returned on the proper channel :)
woahhhhhhh so excited!! been waiting forever
first bichs
1st
Great video
hey
I’m 6th
Yo
i think im early
FIRST
first
swaag
Pogu
