This feels like a dissertation on the power of toxic yaoi
My favorite example of The Dragon trope is Commander Peepers he’s far more competent intelligent and skilled than Lord Hater who in contrast is very powerful short tempered and violent but utterly incompetent and Peepers is somehow both constantly frustrated with and in genuine awe of Lord Hater and he is most definitely a badass
What if the villains had the power of friendship:
Just gonna say The Right-Hand Man from Henry Stickmin. I need not explain.
anyone who sat back n watched is in the wrong
and break his.... notebook
right hand wants left hand man?
well it could be the traitors redemption ark, the betrayed deliberately allows the loops as reciprocation, if he's in aware and she knows all how ironic she ends up broken
oof nvm switcharoo
hmm kare and respect~
does that make u the right hand man?
Artemis Fowl and Butler
The best Villain betrays the Dragon Trope I've seen is when Swim Swim betrayed the Dog Girl in that magical girl anime. It sticks with me even today.
I have a thing for chatacters whose main trait is boundless loyalty so these are often my favorites.
Riza is best girl, fight me.
its fun in one piece because while zoro is luffy's right hand man, sanji is his left hand man, they are the wings of the pirate king as it were. and though not romantic *they* are the ones with the spicy dynamic. on thriller bark when kuma proposes transferring luffy's pain to someone else (an amount of pain that should be enough to kill someone) sanji tries to sacrifice himself, but zoro knocks him out in order to be the sacrifice. when sanji wakes up his first thought is to find zoro to tell him off for being an idiot and finds him in the most dramatic scene, covered in and surrounded by his own blood just standing there with his arms crossed and when sanji asks what happened he says 'nothing happened' and passes out.  anyone who ever says sanji and zoro dont care about each other are illiterate  also every character on the crew gets a moment of betrayal against luffy and he always wants them back because he knows their hearts and values them enough to know theyre just going through some shit and what they need most is love and support and i am literally insane huh. but ive seen so many people say something like 'he never should have taken x back' as if the entire point of the conflict wasnt that he *needs* them back. every member is part of the core. the crew can't function without them. shut UP
I've noticed some rare instances of another type of RHM that I'd call "the manager."  Essentially the opposite of the bodyguard, these guys have practically no combat ability and instead provide services like general book-keeping, PR management, etc. to a boss who is typically hyper- competent except for one particular area, or just lazy.  This can often be relegated to generic minion work, but becomes a true RHM when either their boss or the writer values them enough to give them character treatment.  Kyoraku's lieutenant Nanao, Sabertooth's assistant Birdy, and Black Mask's unnamed secretary from "Under the Red Hood" all come to mind as examples.
Love the right-hand man who pretends to not be the secret mastermind, aka just Ocelot
Right hand man is by far my favourite trop,my favourite is sevika from Arcane
Sighs lovingly. Agent Stone.
“This caracter barely exist in isolation and is almost entirely defined by theyre connection to and relience on another caracter”DO YOU MEAN NANAMI KYRIUU FROM RGU????(just to be clear the fact that this is not healthy is the entire Point)
Can I recommend you to watch the king eternal monarch? That's all I ask. Nothing else
The 'Right Hand Man' comes, I believe, from the loyal retinue member who guarded the Lord's unshielded flank (assuming he was right handed, of course!) back in the day when people fought in melee personally!
as someone who just watched a bunch of xmen movies, showing original timeline magneto and mystique while talking about a boss being loyal to their dragon is CRUEL considering how that relationship ends XDD
Wait, was that Gideon and Harrowhark from the Locked Tomb series at 3:45? Hell yea, one flesh, one end!
0:54 bigender flag…
3:20 D’Ar from Star Trek:Prodigy reinvents the right hand man trope from the ground up.
That section at the end about tragic dragons made me think about Peril from Wings of Fire. It perfectly sums up her relationship with Queen Scarlet. Plus she’s an actual dragon.
I love this trope
So where does Alfred fall into in the Alfred/Bruce Wayne combo?
Brilliant!
In a book I’m writing, I completely subvert the chosen one/loner Archetype. The chosen one is the one who can connect with enough people to fight the BBEG. Not just the people he connected with, but the people they were connected to, and outward.
I guess my main villain duo, fall under the lieutenant and captain build. Neat
Best channel on YouTube
My immediate curiosity is: what about the reverse - the Smart Guy is the Big Guy's Right-Hand Man? (Presumably in a more cerebral plot)  I don't think I've ever seen a reverse Bodyguard Romance, where the Boss cares deeply about the Bodyguard but the Bodyguard is just there for the paycheck or the family tradition of guarding the Boss' family or whatever.
The "So, We Good?", "I dunno boss, you tell me" is one of the MOST iconic images and I just loooove to jear about villain dynamics. Why this is one of my favorite videos lol
*On-Screen:* Once the Dragon and the Villain split:  1. Villain backstabs Dragon (Example: "Dragon Ball Z (Saiyan Saga)" - Vegeta [Villain] betrays Nappa [Dragon] by killing him once he becomes paralyzed, therefore making him "useless" (I believe that, in the Japanese version, Vegeta says, "I have no use for a paralyzed Saiyan!" and then proceeds to kill him.))  2. Dragon backstabs Villain and becomes the NEW Main Villain/Big Bad (Example: "Final Fantasy VI" - Kefka Palazzo [Dragon] betrays Emperor Gestahl [Villain] by killing him, becoming the Main Villain for the rest of the game's story.)  3. Dragon backstabs Villain for Heroics (Example: Disney's "The Emperor's New Groove" - Kronk [Dragon] betrays Yzma [Villain] when she reveals she never liked his Spinach Puffs. {*Note: This is a pretty ridiculous reason for the betrayal; but, given that the film is a comedy, it kinda makes sense that Kronk's reason for betraying Yzma are kind of nonsensical.})
I think I just heard the plot to the second arc of Berserk...
Zuko and Azula's plots are TWO DRAGONS to Ozai. Love that.
I love the moment in The Incredibles when Mirage turns on Syndrome after he's willing to throw her life away to make a point to Mr Incredible, and he spares her. She realizes that superpowers aren't what makes Bob a hero, it's his strength of character, and in the same instant she loses all respect for her boss, she finds a new respect for her former enemy.
I like when we find out that the right-hand man was secretly the bigger threat than the boss, and they were manipulating the boss into thinking they were in charge, like a devious puppetmaster.  Sometimes this happens when the main villain is having second thoughts and might be redeemable, while the minion is completely dedicated to the cause. Minion from Spy Kids is a good example of this. The boss is all about the big picture and grand ideals, and those can be shaken up, but the toiling, thankless underling keeps reassuring them that they're on the right track. In actuality, the right-hand man has amassed power through their organization and hard work and they're not willing to let go. At some point, the boss has been turned into a figurehead, a puppet of their former subordinate, who used to take orders from them. It's only when the boss's conscience finally get to them and they try to put a stop to their evil plan that they find out that it's too late. They're not calling the shots anymore, and they've been usurped by someone they took for granted. In these cases, the former villain often tries to help the heroes as part of a redemption arc.  The puppetmaster is different from Starscream, because Starscream is openly insubordinate and tries to undermine the leader, but the puppeteer is happy to remain in the shadows as the power behind the throne and let the boss take the fall, while they can play victim of circustance. Is cases when the villain doesn't have a change of heart but is defeated, the good guys think they've won by taking out the boss, but by letting the minion go, they allow the evil to continue. The minion may keep running the organization under the heroes' noses, or they may find a new boss and new organization to manipulate into accomplishing their goals. Think Arnim Zola keeping Hydra running after Red Skull's demise.
on the note of the Dragon part of this talk, I gotta shout out 2 different games for how they both handle the dynamic but in very different ways. Metaphor: Refantazio & Super Paper Mario (for those who don't know where I'm going with the latter hang in there). Obviously massive spoilers for both games under the Read More.    First I'll talk about Super Paper Mario. The game's whole conflict centers around Count Bleck trying to cause multiversal Armageddon using a dark prophecy because he had his own personal Romeo & Juliet plot end with his own father killing his loved one & given how he didn't already have the best life, he just SNAPPED resulting in a "any world where she doesn't exist doesn't deserve to exist itself". To help with this, he ends up helping & recruiting some like-minded people who follow him out of actual loyalty due to how he helped each of them... & Dimentio who he just kinda hires at some point before the start of the game. Now the other 3 as I said are undyingly loyal. He makes no secret of his plan & they are all 100% on board in seeing his vision realized since it means helping HIM. This works out great since as his motives start to wane due to it becoming more & more obvious that his love is actually alive in the form of the companion who's been traveling with the heroes, you can see the path of them all following him after a potential heel-face turn. And then there's Dimentio AKA one of my favorite villains in gaming. This sly fuck was following Bleck for the sole purpose of HIJACKING THE PROPHECY FOR HIS OWN MEANS. You get hints of this as you go through the game but he only reveals his hand RIGHT AS MARIO & CREW FINISH THE BIG FIGHT WITH BLECK! Hell he would have fully succeeded if Dimentio didn't just happen to put Bleck & his lost love IN THE SAME FUCKING ROOM (the MacGuffins you just used on Bleck are explicitly stated to be powered by love)! So this game gets both super loyal Dragons & also a Dragon who betrays the big bad out of pure ambition.  And then there's Metaphor. Holy fuck Metaphor. This game has 3 instances of a Dragon & Big Bad dynamic. You've got Sanctifex Forden & his loyal warrior monk Gideux, actual big bad Louis & the Magnus Brothers, & then later on Louis & Zorba. Forden & Gideux are simple enough. You've got the leader of a corrupted church & his right hand who actually believes in using the teachings to help people so once Forden's plan is fully revealed post-mortem, Gideux has a crisis of faith before being found now running the church you go to to upgrade some of your gear & buy status cures just doing what he can to atone for his mistakes. THE LOUIS DYNAMICS ON THE OTHER HAND. First lets talk Zorba. Dude is a necromancer who is INSANELY loyal to Louis to the point that how you get past his magic barrage in the first dungeon is by using a portrait of his charge as a shield. This man knows fully what Louis' plan is but is also crazy enough to be fully on board with it after dealing with enough discrimination that he just wants to watch the world burn & knows Louis is capable of doing just that. And then there's the Magnus Brothers. Introduced in between the first 2 dungeons, they basically act as Louis' bodyguards in the "we lighten the load" fashion (Louis could solo damn near anyone but also understands how an army can help his goals). The brothers follow him because they want to see the "lesser" tribes get equal rights & the way Louis worded his goals makes them believe that's what he's doing. Jump forward a few story arcs where the brothers had spent at least one dungeon's worth of plot being near our party & they start to question Louis' motives. Then Louis moves to attack an innocent family to make an example while the party confronts him, the brothers go to shield them from the attack because IT'S AN INNOCENT FAMILY, their barrier starts to break, & the older brother pushes the younger out of the way in a sacrifice play with the aftermath of it all resulting in the party gaining their final member in a tragic fashion (with what is hands down my favorite awakening of the protag party power in any ATLUS game)
I fully cannot believe Black Butler didn't come up here. It's so LOADED with nuanced variations and subversions of this dynamic
"I dunno why the evil right-hand man is called the dragon, it's a TVTropes thing, I just think it kicks ass, so I'm not changing it"  Dragons in any form kicks ass, let's be real
The main villain in my story is the Evil Emperor's Right-Hand Man (Who's a dark lord and shapeshifting mage-god from another universe), so while the Emperor sees him as a parental figure, the Advisor sees him as a pawn. So while much of his authority comes from the Emperor, the Advisor has some crazy power. Obviously when the Evil Emperor has an "Are we the baddies moment" and starts spiraling into actual Evil, creating a civil war within the bad guy faction, shit starts getting weird. And I haven't even mentioned the super-explosives, dimensional portals, and the other two Empires
We're outgunned! Outmanned! Outnumbered! Outplanned!
A congratulations to red, who is the main reason i watch fmabh
REWATCHING THIS- IS THAT GIDEON AND HARROW IN THE DOODLE FOR THE EXAMPLE OF BIG GUY TO SMART GUY???
Honestly this is one of my favorite tropes
This has just given me a _fantastic_ idea. Robots!!!
*Be mature about this* *be mature about this* *BE MATURE ABOUT THIS* *NO DONT-* WE ARE OUTGUNNED (what?) OUTMANNED (what?) OUTNUMBERED OUTPLANNED (BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK) WE GOTTA MAKE AN ALL OUT STAND AYO IM GONNA NEED A RIGHT HAND MAN
It takes Amos a long time to settle into being Holden's right-hand man in The Expanse.  On one hand, Holden's a pretty tough guy and Amos is an absolute monster that could go through Holden like a bandsaw through a tomato, but on the other hand, Amos isn't dumb.  He's a competent engineer and almost pathologically analytical in how he approaches most situations.  Amos has no moral intuition and he knows he has no moral intuition and he comes to realize Holden is a moral paragon.  He has decided the safest thing for everyone is if he subordinates himself to someone who can tell right from wrong at a glance.
What would the version of this trope be called where the Boss is the Brawns and the Right-Hand Man is the Brains?
My personal favorite right-hand man (besides Samwise Gamgee of course) has to be the aptly-named Right Hand Man from the Henry Stickmin games. From the very start, it's clear that his only loyalty is to the Toppat Clan and Reginald Copperbottom specifically as the leader. In ItA, there are three real ways it can end for RHM. First, you get the Government Supported Private Investigator ending and he gets arrested, and doesn't show up in CtM. Second, you get Relentless Bounty Hunter or Rapidly Promoted Executive, in which you brutalize him and he comes back with cybernetic upgrades in CtM. Or third, you get Pure Blooded Thief, where nothing really changes for him except the clan not having the Romanian Ruby anymore.  If you pair RPE with Convict Allies from FtC, then you get the Toppat King ending of CtM. If you pair RPE with the Presumed Dead ending of FtC, you get the Toppat 4 Lyfe ending of CtM. In these endings, Reginald recognizes Henry as the rightful leader of the Toppat Clan, and so RHM helps Henry (and Ellie if you went TK instead of T4L) get onto the rocket and into space.  However, if you pair RPE with Ghost Inmate or The Betrayed, RHM *jumps* on the chance to get rid of Henry so that Reginald can stay leader of the Toppat Clan, causing either the Toppat Civil War ending (RPE+GI) or the Revenged ending (RPE+TB).  As for the MBH routes, it's pretty simple. RHM got cybernetic upgrades and is gonna use them to stomp the crap outta Henry for arresting Reginald.  Lastly, we've got the PBT endings.  There are actually four PBT endings even though PBT can only match with three of the FtC endings: PBT+GI, which gives the Jewel Baron ending, PBT+PD for Stickmin Space Resort, and of course PBT+CI, where the ending branches into Toppat Recruits and  Pardoned Pals. In JB, SSR, and PP, RHM spends the entire path trying his damndest to kill Henry for stealing the Ruby. But, in TR, at the very end of the path, he tosses AKs to Henry and Ellie, who take out the guards from the Wall while he takes out Charles' helicopter. He lets the two of them join under the condition that Henry returns the Ruby, demonstrating that his loyalty is, above all else except Reginald, to the Toppat Clan.
pls put spoiler warning
There's right-hand men, and then there's Agent Stone
So... Is Batou the Badass/Bodyguard/Right-hand-man for Kusanagi...? Not a boss/servant dynamic, but instead of partners. But definitely seems to fit.
Great videos! but slow down, I have to watch each one on .75% speed to catch everything your saying.
That remark powerhouses always makes me think of Hawkeye and Mustang from FMA. There are definitely a few times that she saves his ass.
So which one of you two is the right hand man?
Shoutout to the OG bad boss/dragon duo, Odysseus and Urilichus
Red said "this character barely exists in isolation and is almost entirely defined by their connection to and reliance on another character" and my brain immediately went "Venom"
Shout-out to Isaac and Dracula in Castlevania's netflix adaptation.   "Behind me, Dracula! They will not reach you while I live!" "You would give your mortal life to preserve my immortal one?" "To preserve your genius, your knowledge, and your will? _Without question._ I am just a forgemaster- yours is the wisdom of ages." "... You are the greatest of your people, Isaac. You have a soul, I think. Perhaps that is more valuable to the world to come than a dusty collection of books and apparatus. Or perhaps you simply deserve a better fate than to die instead of me." "I choose my death, as I chose my life." "Then I regret only that I have taken a choice for you."  Dracula goes out of his way to save Isaac's life by flinging him out of danger, with Isaac subsequently _screaming_ for him not to do it because he wants to stand by Dracula's side to the bitter end. And even after Dracula dies and Isaac is left alone to do as he pleases, he still genuinely defends Dracula's ideology and considers carrying on the mission that would see all human life- including his own- eventually extinguished.  "So working for Dracula to kill all the humans was like suicide, the long way around?" "I did assume this would eventually include me, yes."  "So now what will you do? Take up Dracula's cause and kill everyone in the world?" "I _might."_  Truly a one-in-a-million right-hand man.
Depending the on the genre, a right hand man can also be something other than badass, like just competent. You could have a leader who has ideas or ambitions, while the right-hand man's job is simply to make those ideas and ambitions happen. One person has the charisma and visions to move things forward, while the other has the competency to ensure that the leader's plans actually happen without a hitch. It's often a fun dynamic when the leader is insightful, but scatterbrained and needs their right hand just to remind them what day it is or when their next meeting is scheduled.
4:53 IS THAT GIDEON?! Yo!  wait yeah of course it's Gideon, red is very On Tumblr
8:22 Artemis fowl does this really well with the Arti and Butler dynamic
This reminds me so much of Artemis Foul (the book, not the movie)
Judging by 3:41 I take it Red has read the Locked Tomb series then 👀
What about the left hand man?
One of my favorite "right hand man" pairings was Black and Sabah from _A Practical Guide To Evil._ They have it all: loyalty, synergy between their powers (he gets stronger when he's leading, she gets stronger when she's following orders, and this means she can go all out without worrying about collateral damage). Sabah even has a husband and kids waiting for her at home, and Black mentions that she has a very happy home life.  Which makes her death all the more tragic, and signals the beginning of everything falling apart for Black. Especially since he blames himself for her death, believing that it was his own failure as a leader that got her killed.
I remember one villainous rant where the dragon is asked by one of his more chaotic subordinates when he's going to betray their boss and take over the operation. The dragon is _genuinely_ peeved at the accusation, saying that he truly believes in the cause.  The best part is that the dragon looks every bit the scheming chancellor, pointy nose and wicked eyes and all.
I ALWAYS hated Cassandra. She was never a really good person and while she wanted to be the loyal, honorable and so on guard she was never any of those things. She just wanted the glory
I couldn't help but come up with an idea after watching this today. The villain ends up being the one that gets turned to the side of good, just for the dragon to cut them down Mid redemption Arc to go right back into evil
"Well, at least I didn't use a spoon..."
ZORO
Have you eve watched the tron show? That has a cool trio of villains
btw what was that transformers show you showed clips of I remember watching it as a kid on Netflix but I completely forgot the name (and I think both those clips were from the same show)
How on earth was the best right-hand man ever not mentioned in this video? We need justice for Samwise
So you are saying that the right hand man, being significantly more badass, is needed when the hero is outgunned, outmanned, outnumbered and outplanned?
"If lost return to Babe" "I don't do matching shirts", just *chef's kiss*.
2:24 so fun fact. the reason "right-hand man" is treated as gender neutral despite seemingly gendered language is because man originally meant person, with the wer prefix being used for males
Interesting that Nathalie Sancoeur/Mayura from Miraculous Tales of Ladybug and Chat Noir, is not just another example of this trope, 8spoiler for those who did not watched MLB season 5) but during the show, she filled ALL of the above-mentioned variants of this trope: Badass bodyguard/secretary/ally who helps the main villain for both emotional attachment and loyalty to the cause, even risking/sacrificing herself for him, but it then starts to weaken as he lets his mad obsession to consume him, where she begin to have second thoughts, on one occasion even tries to semi-usurp him (not exactly Dragon ascendant, but fits the theme), then she finally turns against him for the sake of GOOD (to prevent the potential end of the world). All the while their chemistry shifts all along, but it's always there.
Mike from breaking bad is also a right hand man character
What happens when two allied villains have completely different relationships with their Dragons, and the Dragon that’s more mistreated notices?
Shizune fulfills this role for Princess Tsunade in "Naruto". Shikamura does it for Naruto when the latter becomes Hokage but there are others who also fill part of the role.
The evil right hand man is called a dragon because that’s a title for darth Vader. Arguably the most popular evil right hand man. (I have no evidence for this. This just popped into my brain while watching this.)
"Gnome Ann is an island" "Time and tide wait for Gnome Ann" --The Legend of Gnome Ann (xkcd 1704)
This video just gave me a weird thought. Is a badass still badass when their badassery isn't action-y? I'm writing a fanfic right now where the main character goes through a bunch of trials and such to learn that fighting and other action-hero-y stuff aren't necessary to be a hero. So now I'm wondering if the term badass can follow similar rules. There are certainly badasses discussed here that aren't especially great fighters. Commander Riker isn't a poor fighter by any means, but his badassery has more to do with effective command than fighting. But being a good commander is still action-y. Is an especially competent secretary a badass right-hand man? What about a really competent butler or maid who isn't a battle-butler? What about a really skilled and wise janitor who works with a teacher to help a troubled kid? Or hell, what about a batman/orderly who can't even hold their weapon without trembling, but who serves an officer who is an action-hero badass, and serves them so effectively that the officer keeps putting them up for medals?
Love the mention of The Owl House. Belos has like…4 dragons of various levels of loyalty throughout the show and betrays all of them in such amazing ways    First the moment Lilith succeeds in capturing Eda he tells her that he’d been lying to her for years and is going to kill Eda, not heal her curse  Then once Hunter questions him he tells him that he’s a grimwalker and tries to kill him  Then when the draining spell goes into effect he tells the Collector that he’s breaking off their deal and throws them into a chasm  Then Kikimora delivers who she thinks is Hunter as a sign of her loyalty and tells him that she will do whatever he wants and he flat out says “Have you as my right hand? I’d rather cut off my whole arm.” and “You really want to be useful? Go find a hole to whither away in.” (Which she kinda does, hilariously enough)  AND *THEN* when he gets back to the demon realm after being trapped in the human realm be tries and fails to possess a still buried grimwalker then possesses a puppet-ified Raine, pretends to be the Collector’s friend *again*, gets the idea to possess the Titan, distracts the Collector with advice he probably thinks will end in Luz, Eda, and King dying, then dips and actually possesses the god damn Titan  Honorable mention for when the Collector takes Luz’s advice on making friends, hugs Kaiju Belos, says he surely just needs kindness and forgiveness, then Belos almost immediately tries to murder them when they turn around, overjoyed at what they think worked  And a second honorable mention for killing his brother that, as far as we know, still loved and supported him even after he cursed himself/started eating palismen  Belos has got like…chronic backstabbing disease. And embarrassingly he literally always screws up by doing it way too soon and is so cocky he can’t consider the benefit of not betraying them or, even crazier, actually taking them out instead of just betraying them and walking away.
0:55 Oh shit, that explains a lot about me.
I immediately thought of the Hamilton song.
Hey, some of us play way better second fiddles than first and we known it
I wouldn't be surprised if the Lancer/Dragon dynamic had been named this in reference to how they usually fight each other. I.e. how Saint George is depicted stabbing the dragon with a lance or spear in most famous depictions of his ^^
One of my fav examples of this are Starcream and Mr.French from The Departed
Im so surprised that arcane wasnt brought up, considering several of the character conflicts (silco with jinx, sevika, and vander) motivations IS loyalty/betrayal
My dad ate my story what do I do
Ok wait hear me out- a villain who has feelings for the dragon but the dragon is only super dedicated to the villain's goals
“Pull the Lever Kronk… WRONG LEVER!!!!”
The Right Hand Man trope is one I vibe with very intensely. I live with chronic conditions that make life on my own outright impossible, which means participation in my local community is Not Optional. As such, whenever someone shows me care by doing something I can't, I go out of my way to do something I *can* do for them-- namely, cook. I feed people, and listen, and offer little nudges of advice for conflict resolution when appropriate.   When I was still in school, my friends were everyone who didn't already have a clique for whatever reason. If you're someone who missed a class to cry in a bathroom because a mob of kids decided being cruel would entertain them for a few minutes, you found your way to my lunch table sooner or later... because I had a 5 acer bellow and at first sight of someone 'joking around' with a person who isn't laughing and, in fact, is on the brink of tears I would not hesitate to use it. Dropping and octaive and yelling BACK OFF when I saw that crap brought a lot of people into my life who just wanted an ounce of peace.   We all had our difficulties. Nurodivergant, queer, or just Disinterested In The Social Polotics Of The Lunchroom. None of us had the language for it at the time, but we were all treated As If Our Existance Was Wrong in some way, and we all felt that and found our way to a space where That Would Not Be Allowed. We all are people, maybe odd people, who don't need to earn our right to exist unharassed.   But demanding to not be harassed is scary, and not everyone has it in them to just SNAP at a person as a preformance of force. Most of us can't get that loud unless we're actively in pain, and even then... these were all the kids who hid injury and sickness because their parents Would Interrogate Them before granting support or relief, and That Was Terrifying. Better to just go to school, not kick up a fuss, it's probably just a cold.   We'd all gotten used to suffering, because asking for help had burnt each and every one of us. Seeking support ended up with an authority figure investigating for Other Reasons why the child might be seeking help, finding out something innocuous, and Blaming That and Forcing The Kid To Give Up A Coping Mechanism over Actually Helping.   We'd all suffered victim blaming. We all knew our harrassers would face no consequences. We all knew that We were the only ones who would Actually Hear It when someone else needed help.   We were each others right hand men, each for different things. A tiny village, desperately trying to Survive Long Enough to escape our conditions.   Mutual support man, its a good thing.
Best Right Hand man: Ferik Jurgen.
My personal favorite kind of right-hand man is the one who acts more like a partner to the main guy (good or bad). Where on paper yeah the right-hand man is technically subservient to the main guy but if he really wanted to he could go at it alone and hold his own just as well as the main guy. But he chooses to remain at the side of the main guy for any number of reasons from just liking having someone on the same wavelength to talk to or because he understands the concept of strength in numbers. The important part of this kind of right-hand man is that he is basically as equal as he can get compared to the main guy, he isnt a schemer planning on backstabbing nor is he a loyal brute (physical or magical). Hes literally someone who on every level can understand and converse with the main guy. Im not good at examples (i am a filthy ignoramus) but the one i think of the most is the trio of Big Boss/Venom Snake, Ocelot, and Miller. These three guys could all run their own game easily (and they technically do for 9 years).
Say it with me:  „Pull the lever, Kronk!“
This video is very Mairon-Melkor coded
The funny thing about Walter's betrayal in Hellsing isn't that he betrayed them at the end, it's that he was ALWAYS A TRAITOR! He's a twist villain that was literally right in front of the readers from the very start.
Warning, spoilers below: Rewatching this has reminded me of Critical Role and in particular The Legend of Vox Machina, since that's how I'm choosing to first experience campaign 1.        I find the Briarwoods a fascinating villain-dragon duo because they're full-on irredeemable pure evil villains *in a genuine, loving relationship.* No manipulation of each other, no backstabs, they care about each other equally and their pure evil villainy comes in part from that love: they care more about each other than they do about the entire world and everyone in it, and actively try to bring apocalyptic-sounding events on the world just to be together forever.  It's weird and slightly unsettling to see a motivation that's usually framed as healthy and/or heroic make *so much sense* as a motivation for pure evil villains.
Literally just been thinking Zoro this whole time.
I’ve seen a few cases where the right hand man is the dorky assistant to a badass character
I just want to say, that this video inspired me to make one of the dnd characters I play. They had a simple design but the underlying question was “what if the story I told was how the hero became the villain’s dragon?” and that whole journey. So, I built up a typical seeming hero.   She came from a commoner background, was raised by her grandparents after her parents passed away (it’s just dangerous to travel in general for that world, no big revenge), she saved her childhood friend, and a local noble saw her potential and sponsored her for an apprenticeship that allowed her to gain the combat power and skills she starts with. After hearing her childhood might be in danger, she leaps into the adventure to try and save her. Typical hero right?  Well, that noble? Is a terrible person and pressured my character as a teen to accept a contract for the apprenticeship so he could save face for my character saving his daughter (the childhood friend). He was trying to break up that friendship but also did it to manipulate and isolate his daughter more so he could toss her into a cult later on for his own machinations (the daughter had powerful magic potential). My character, knowing this, did negotiate some of the dear but it was mostly to stay in contact with her friend. The noble agreed on the condition that my hero never speak of the deal, especially to his daughter. And so my character left, which had the childhood friend feeling alone and betrayed even with the letters. Then when my character many years later heard her friend was kidnapped by some cult, she rushed to the last known location and this is when she discovers that her childhood friend is part of said cult….and this is how her journey begins to her eventual possible descent into becoming her childhood friend’s dragon.   Last I played the pair had their first in person conversation in years. It was awkward but definitely seemed like the childhood friend still cared and were livid my hero told her that the father was to blame for her leaving at all. But my character also made it clear that her loyalty isn’t to being a hero. She is kind and generous, sure, but her loyalty always has been and always will be to the childhood friend (yes, my hero is in love with the villain). So my character has agreed to start tearing down various leaders around the cult to help the villainous childhood friend rise in power. There is just one snag. By accident, my character has killed the beloved of her childhood friend. Her friend does not know, and has a low chance of discovering it was my hero. But my character cannot possibly let their friend know this, even as the guilt eats them (in all fairness, she wasn’t aware of the relationship until later). Now my character is working to see if they can gather all the expensive materials to try to resurrect this individual, even knowing that this means she will be revealed as the killer. She’s made her peace with that but is determined to do right by her childhood friend.   So yeah, it’s complicated but simple and is my way of telling the story of how the hero became the dragon and then how the villain killed that dragon.  Their relationship was always intended to end in tragedy (which is why my character being in love with their childhood friend is just another way I up the knife twisting, all to make the tragedy more heartbreaking when it happens).
Now do Right-hand Cat Trope
I remember this 1 d&d campaign from All things d&d, a gnome artificer and a half orc duo of friends,  very much the brains and brawn. And so very dangerous when fighting together
Badass and the Bodyguard/Captain and Lieutenant: You mean Roy Mustang and Riza Hawkeye?
Sooga as right hand man to Master Kohga 😂
Hazbin Hotel is a _shockingly_ really interesting example of a BBEG + Dragon dynamic. (Spoilers btw)  So we have the BBEG of S1, Adam, and his right-hand woman Lute. While Adam is openly misogynistic, he actually does seem to somewhat respect Lute’s opinion. Lute also seems to respect Adam.  But in Episode 8, Lute rips her own arm off to escape from a rubble collapse. And not long afterwards, Adam dies. It’s a really cool setup.
I feel like this trope is weird in Xenoblade Chronicles 2. Despite Jin being the supposed leader of Torna and Malos being the right hand man, Malos is a lot more plot relevant since he’s the other Aegis and (spoiler alert) ends up being the final boss while Jin dies in the previous chapter. And it’s not like either of them betrayed each other for redemption or to take over their boss or to get rid of their underling.   It’s almost like it completely subverts the trope by just not having one over power the other, their dynamic just seems strange to me given that it would traditionally fit under this umbrella
Jurgan from the cain warrhamer 40k books
Read a book where the dragon had her own right hand man who wanted to betray (more by abandonment than direct backstabbing) the big bad while remaining loyal to the dragon (who he was in love with) *That* was a fun dynamic to follow!
How about when the guy who everyone thought was the dragon (including the apparent boss) turns out to actually be the one in charge and sinks to a level the boss actively disapproves of.  Look, Im salty we're not getting new gen 5 games and my last N comment got taken down. Sue me.
I think a great "right hand man" dynamic is in Sherlock Holmes Game of Shadows, Moriarity obviously as main naddy who also is a badass in his own right (boxing champion and knowledge of martial arts as well) and his Dragon Sebastian Moran, a lethal sniper alleged to be among the top 6 best marksmen in all of Europe
It'd be hilarious to spring a "villain/dragon romantic story" on a group of DND players. I picture it as: the right hand man is a beast in combat but if the players catch them in a private moment they're flusteredly trying to write a love letter to their boss. If the players aren't murder hobos there's a 90% chance their focus shifts to trying to get them together (higher odds if the coupling would be gay in some way). And the players will march up to the villain to deliver that love letter. And when the two confess their feelings the players will ride off into the sunset before hitting the next town and realizing "dammit we were supposed to fight them, they're still doing evil but now as a couple. And now we have to go kill the couple we just helped set up."
whats the difference between the right hand man and the lancer?
My favorite Right Hand Man is The Right Hand Man in Henry Stickman named Right Hand Man
Anyone else think 3:47 is a specific reference to Gideon and Harrow from The Locked Tomb series? The hair, the sunglasses, the key, it's all very Gideon The Ninth.
Gentle Criminal and La Brava come to mind. They had a really wholesome Boss/Dragon dynamic.
5:35 waiting on Azula to be brought up edit: 11:42 there she is
Its so fun cause this is the trope that was Karlach before her boss turned around and betrayed her.
16:07 Granblue Fantasy Relink sure is one big bucket of tropes. And yeah, about that trope name...
It just occurred to me that Kaido from One Piece can transform into a dragon as a reference to his position of the villain’s (Orochi’s) right hand man, or Dragon
This is legit
0:35 "A person is smart. But people are dumb, stupid, panicky creatures."
Fun fact in a D&D campaign based in one piece the captain was a skypien rogue and i as 2nd in command was a human monk. My character had zoro levels of loyalty to the point where it became an inside joke since the character had the plasma devil fruit that no matter where the captain was if someone harmed him he'd rapidly approach as a big ball of plasma
What does "scrivener-like" mean?
i really fit the "fight hand man"/goon archetype
The Best Right-Hand Man in fiction? That is EASILY Roronoa Zoro, vice-captain of the Straw Hat Pirates & the King of Hell.
My favorite right hand man archetype is when they’re an actual horrifying threat, maybe they aren’t a literal monster like Alucard from hellsing, but they hold a similar candle in their story, they are someone wildly considered such a threat the world simply cannot stop them, and the only reason the world still lives is because the person their the right hand to is the one holding their leash, maybe the Leash is love and this dragon is just in love with the person and destroying the world would make them sad, or maybe is a pretty literal leach like the blood contract Alucard has to the hellsing family, or maybe the one holding the leash is a bad guy that’s tricked or persuaded this monster to work for them, or a good guy giving up their freedom or something to keep the monster occupied. In any case the worlds fate basically hangs in the balance of one persons health and wellbeing, and one errant slip is the deciding factor between a city existing, or not.
9:29 Et Tu, Brute!
Aren't they called the dragon because they often have the most personal connection to the hero, and their defeat is like the peak of the rising action, while the battle against the villain is more talking and "we're not so different, you and I's" (Thinking like Darth Vader and Vaas from Far Cry.), like after defeating the dragon the hero rushes up the tower to conquer one final trial, like Sleeping Beauty.
First name heinrich last name himmler
What's fascinating about Tomura Shigaraki in MHA is that he's set up as an underling of All For One but eventually grows into becoming a much bigger villain.
7:32 TV show Justified: Wynn Duffy and bodyguard Mikey of the last season
3:48 THE LOCKED TOMB MENTION???
One of the weirdest RHM was from Venture Bros. Baron Unterbite and his man-servant were together from season one. In season four, a a new villain team asks him for a sign of loyalty. He says "Yes, in Unterland we also have such loyalty tests" and he kills his man-servant in one casual move. The villain team responds with "Oh my God, man, what are you doing!? We meant sign an NDA!!"
Wait, was azula, Ozai's dragon? Oh my
For what it's worth, I'm pretty sure the "Dragon" is a Biblical reference: In the Book of Revelations, Satan is the final boss of evil and "the Dragon" (colloquially called the Antichrist even though the Bible never uses that term) is Satan's avatar to rule the world and tempt humanity away from God.
I could only think of Artimis foule during this vid
Would Azula from Avatar be a dragon?
Take your friend that's your second 🕺
I love that starscreem is such a scheming little bastard that he got the scheming little bastard trope named after hin
3:40 omg griddlehark
I think we need more bromance with this trope. This whole love stuff is always the same, but than they are bros there is no way it will be same
12:17 The fact that Red used a character that is LITERALLY A DRAGON for this example is hysterical
It's implied that Walter was conditioned by Millennium to betray Helsing. Though they could have been more clear about it
I have an idea for a game that has a main villain and a right-hand-man.  Their relationship is actually nontraditional.  The villain is the more powerful of the two, and the RHM is the smart one.  The villain sees the RHM as a deep friend or brother, due to how long they've known each other, but the RHM has a more codependency/love for the villain, unable to live without him.  The villain actually is a good person, but the RHM is more psychopathic.  This leads to him using more dark methods to preserve the villain, and eventually partially corrupting him.  It feels like a reverse dragon and villain trope, and a corruption story as well.  The relationship is kept in the dark quite a bit throughout the game, and is seen as loyalty rather than love.
this trope opened up so much bromance energies it basically became romance and i love it
Ayo, Hamilton fans, where are y'all?
Theyre like your loyal bodyguard
its sad you didn't mention kronk and Yzma
Is it called a Dragon because of all the old artwork of lancers killing dragons?
Marc St.james is a dragon
Ah, Cassandra. The loyalty and care that turns to rage and jealousy. I love her so much
Just me or big guy & smart guy at 3:48 looking real Gideon and harrow, from the locked tomb
Red this video is a year old and I doubt you'll see it but I just noticed that one of your slides had Gideon and Harrow and I now have even more respect for you! 💀
A subversion I wanna see is when a villain and dragon both care about one another, but only one wants to turn to the hero side and the other just decides to go along with it and both get their own redemption arcs
I can't wait to see the Right-hand man to World Anvil: Moon Anvil
3:40 wait.. Gideon and Harrowhark ?
Comment.       The first thought that came to mind for amicable villain dues part of this video is Jesse and James from Pokemon. I think they would both qualify as dragons, or "Right Hand Man" to Giovani, but the villain dynamic of being in an amicable, yet also somewhat confrontational, and especially entertaining relationship from the viewer point of view is something I thought of while I was watching this video.
Love how much FMA is mentioned here because I adore both Hawkeye and Mustand and Lan fan and Ling together
What about when a right hand man becomes the goal of the MC after a betrayal that ends up with reconciliation after a major fight?
Think villain dragon thing is called that because the right hand man is/can be dangerous to literally everyone including his boss. Like a villain trying to control a dragon that can’t really be controlled. The dragon hand man can just drop their loyalty at any moment  with the right reason or mood. All it takes is one bad day or a good day full of opportunities or just a random mood swing  Same way there’s is no real control over dragons in got or httyd only the illusion of control even when controlling dragons with another dragon that only listens because it feels like it or is scared but can fight back
Kingpin of Marvel Fame (especially D’Onofrio’s version) throws the ‘family’ trope on its head by being SCARY evil even with having family connections. Sometimes showing humanity in a truly evil being sharpens the edge.
Hawkeye acting as an anchor to morality by threatening to shoot Mustang was such a chef's kiss moment. Those two really support eachother, I love their relationship dynamics.
Or also the Captain and Sergeant Major dynamic if the right hand man is going to be a badass within a military structure.
In httyd race to the edge they have some amazing troupes
Oddly enough, Dr Robotnik in Sonic the Hedgehog 2 manages to be both caring and uncaring at the same time with his underling Agent Stone
15:18 - laughs in Bondrewd
is that fucking gideon nav and harrowhark at 3:46
i was waiting for the mention of the "starscream" trope as soon as i started watching this video.
red delivering the line "it's probably a natural consequence of spending so much time and energy protecting someone. you either fall in love with them or you eventually kill them yourself" completely straight, like it's a circumstance your average person would run into all the time, made me snort laughing.
Omg thank you SO MUCH for this! I was stumped on the characterization for my antagonist in one of my stories, but this suddenly sparked the idea for some _really_ interesting (and tragic) characterization, character fears and desires, _and_ an exploration of theme via the Villain-Dragon dynamic!
I love how most of this video was just about Villain-Dragon duos.
I want more villains and bodyguards who actually care about each other with no strings attached. But don't have them join the protagonists at any point let them be evil through and through. Just would go to show that everyone has someone or something they care, about.
What would you call the dynamic between The Monarch and Henchman 21 from Venture Bros
Harley and Joker, dragon and Villain/underling and villain
I'm a sucker for the classic two thugs, where one is shaped like a bowling ball and the other is a lanky toothpick that always say: "Good one, boss." "Yeah, nice one, boss."
I've always liked the "underdog" protagonist stories like in Codex of Alera where the main character is pretty weak overall except for at critical moments for the majority of the story, and their best friend/Right Hand Man is demonstrably stronger than the main character. The dynamic works so well because there's something speciao inside the MC that the Right Hand Man respects and make them choose to NOT be the MC
My brain the entire Dragon and Villain segment: SOUNDWAVE OR STARSCREAM
Shout out to best heroic right hand man, Samwise Gamgee.
Battle Butler = squire + awesome  Also, "AAAAAAAAAAAAAA😭AAAAAAAAAA-" "Boss?-" "AAAAAAAAAA-" "BOSS!! This is *literally* my whole job." 😂  Didn't Butler get hurt and Artemis Fowl went completely off the rails over it, or is my twenty years long memory of those books making that up?
Shirou Emiya and Saber seem like a perfect right hand man duo on paper, but they honestly do not feel like it that much. Also, Shirou being the Master but sacrificing himself to protect his bodyguard is always fun.  I recommend the VN to anyone who hasn’t played it. Shirou does come off as a little sexist at first, but as you continue you realize he isn’t sexist so much as he’s just using that as an excuse (either to himself or to others, it’s honestly hard to tell when he’s lying to himself).
9:00 a king is nothing without those whom he serves -A fanfic I don’t remember the name of
I'd argue that into the spiderverse isn't the best choice to show over the explanation of loner type characters set apart from the supporting cast, and "having to go it alone." The whole point is Miles realizing that he is *not* alone as spiderman and there are other people like him. Its a story of how both a good support system and personal drive and determination can contribute to greatness. I mean, one of the last lines in the movie is "and I'm not the only one. Not by a long shot." Additionally, characters like gwen and peter b feel less transient in Miles' life is because they both grow as characters after meeting him, and influence his growth in return. Plus there's the promise (and later payoff) of them meeting again. If you want an example from this movie of Miles realizing he has to go it alone is the arc with uncle Aaron. It's a realization that he can't trust the one of the most important and influential people in his life - someone he's gone to for advice and comfort. In a different kind of story that betrayal could turn him against the other spideys. But he doesn't. Because the one of the points of that movie (and I'd argue an overarching theme if the series so far) is about community.   Sorry for the diatribe 😅 i saw across the spiderverse recently and have been very in my feelings about it
Being different and unique can give you an advantage. It is also incredibly isolating. And painful.
Alucard release restraint Level 0
Good thing I’m not human
3:45 Is that a Gideon the Ninth reference I see??
Oof. When you realize that in God of War 4, Odin was the big bad and his son Thor was the dragon.
My favourite dragon duo is full of angst and gut wrenching pain because there is no hope for redemption or solace for the rhm.   A right hand man who is in love (not necessarily romantically) with their boss and the boss uses that love to manipulate and control them. The dragon is so willing and ready to sacrifice themselves with no return, would let the boss use them for anything, and the worst part is that they aren’t disillusioned. They know the boss doesn’t care about them and still gives their body, mind, and skills to them, resigned though not necessarily enthused to their fate because they love the boss villain.
I have only seen it once but i once saw a simi breaking of the dragon betrays the villian for the hero when the dragon brought up his concerns of "are we the bad guys" to thier boss and the boss just went oh shit we are and back tracked real quick into trying to help fix all of the damege they caused
"A boss is nothing if they don't take care of the people that work for them" - Giovanni Potage
Arguably the best trope in my opinion.
A lot of evil guys ride dragons, makes sense to me.
And remember; you…are my number one…guy. 🤡
Great video! My favorite villain dragon duo is definitely Stanley and Xeno from Dr Stone. It's a pretty clear cut big guy smart guy dynamic and a lot of fun
I would pay so much money to watch an OSP deep dive on the specific Villain/Dragon relationship between Stone and Robotnik in Sonic '20/'22. It somehow manages to be Case A and Case B at the same time, bounces back and forth between queer coding and queer baiting, and it's just... so fucking buckwild I honestly have no idea what they were going for. Don't get me wrong, I'm absolutely living for whatever it is, I just don't understand how we got here.
I love these videos so much.
So in my unfinished book, Starbourne, Theodore would be his brother Simon's right hand man. Got it.
So I guess that the summary of all this right-hand man talk is simply: It's all coming together.
I think one of my favorite villain dragon relationships comes from s3 of buffy the vampire slayer between faith and the mayor. Faith is a very broken and human character who betrays the main cast and flips to work with the Mayor, who is this inhuman immortal being with grand and evil plans. The mayor doesn't really have much of a backstory or even a motivation beyond evil, but he's very threatening and fun to watch. As he recruits Faith over to his side he slowly begins treating her like a daughter. For most of the season I thought that it was him being manipulative of the fact that faith has no family. It's not until the very end of the season when faith is badly injured that the twist is revealed that he did actually love her like a daughter, it wasn't manipulation. He genuinely loved her. As he gears up for his final plan you suddenly see him in a whole new light, he may be ancient and evil, but just a little bit of human in him had managed to survive centuries and he couldn't help but love.
The Ainz and Albedo relationship is my favorite of these. Ainz basically has the powers of a god but he hardly uses them and the witnesses to Ainz's power either die or are on his side. One time he showcase his power on the battlefield and kills 180,000 people with the flick of his wrist, the only casualties on Ainz's side were 143 soldiers who got trampled when his own soldiers got so scared they tried to retreat.  Albedo in power is like a drop of water compared to Ainz's ocean of power yet she is so badass that all of the good guys think that she is the real evil mastermind and that Ainz is nothing but a bodyguard.
Ah sam, the one who stood by frodo, no matter how hard it was...
I see Roy and Riza, i Click, still Shipp them.
"Your right hand comes off?" - Leon S. Kennedy, Resident Evil 4
funnily enough, many incarnations of starscream are dragons, not starscreams, by TVTropes definitions.
What about the boss who cares about The Dragon, but The Dragon is just doing their job until they get what they want. Like Dementio from Super Paper Mario.
Loving the Locked Tomb references :)
Stupid Question (probably, definitely too late), but isn't that kind of the dynamic in the Discworld novels with Vimes and Vetinari?
In westerns the RHM is often also the comic relief until they are revealed to be bad asses.  They are often a grizzled prospector type or a Mexican bandido who makes funny quips until they are shown to be a experts with a knife to a whip or both.  The 1939 movie Union Pacific had both with Akim Tamiroff as the Mexican and Lynne Overman as the mountain man.  Both gave terrific performances.  One moment that stands out for me is when they are in the engine car of a rescue train and they see that the bad guys have set fire to a wooden bridge and it looks like they are driving into certain death.  The engineer reaches for the brake but the mountain man stops him saying “I always figured to burn after I’m dead, so I might a well get some practice in now.”  That is badass.
im using this in my dnd campain
Late to the party, but the Dragon/Villain dynamic made me think of Kefka from Final Fantasy VI as a particularly well done right hand man betrayal into the main villain.
I;ve always been fascinated by the overly loyal but mysterious henchman to the villain. Like Bob from Batman, and Agent Stone from Sonic the Hedgehog.
Right hand men are key, such as Wilson in Cast Away
Something interesting is that the idea of crowds having less sense and susceptibility to being thoughtless is actually untrue and was a study built on and propagated by royals in England to stifle protests from the peasantry and write off anything they tried to say by labeling them as violent and directionless.
I don't know if it's covered by the Betrayal by the villain sub trope, but there's also that troop where the dragon overhears the villain say something negative or critical about the Dragon usually towards the end of the Ark. Then the villain realizes the dragon heard everything and that usually like cutaway to sounds of the villain scared or being attacked
The main character from assassin's Creed Valhalla is somehow simultaneously the protagonist and a right-hand man. Depending on how you play.
Me the entire video: *ROYAI ROYAI ROYAI ROYAI ROYAI ROYAI ROYAI*
im mr.sterling's right hand arm man
I really appreciate your videos: as an aspiring writer who avoids majoring in creative writing in college, your content makes this knowledge so much more accessible, and is an example of how not all internet content is vapid and bad for peoples mental health. Your videos have improved my writing and inspired me to write more. Thank you for the contributions you are making to the creative world. We will so see many better written films, movies, and tv shows because of the work your putting out there!
One of my favorite variants of the trope is the Noble Top Enforcer. Where the Dragon right hand man is actually more moral and virtuous than the one they’re serving.
As much as I didn’t like fma  Mustang and hawkeye where the highlight of the show for me
The whole group think thing idea goes back to propaganda written about the french revolution so I'd take that concept with a grain of salt.
I'd say my fav trope is the "almighty janitor"
Why the trope is called "The Dragon": my theory: this is based on fantasy and especially fantasy gaming. The Big Boss is the last battle in the entire story, the End end. Once you kill him, the story is over. Now you could make this the hardest fight in the game, but oddly what you find a lot of the time in games is that it is the second-to-last fight in the game, or the mini boss, which is the hardest, while the actual final boss is comparatively easier. This metaphorically is like fighting the dragon outside the castle before you can take on the evil wizard inside the castle.
I know this was posted a while ago, but I’ve been binging these and wanted to bring up an example I think is really interesting. You’ve shown panels from the webcomic The Order of the Stick a couple of times, but the main bad guys are a pretty interesting Villain/Dragon combo. The Villain is the lich Xykon, with the goblin priest Redcloak as his Dragon. It’s established pretty quickly that Xykon has a poor memory, very little patience, and immense power. By contrast, Redcloak keeps meticulous records, focuses on buffing Xykon in combat, and has the patience of the Buddha for putting up with Xykon’s antics. But around the end of the third arc, we learn that Redcloak has been stringing Xykon along for a con so long it has spanned generations. Redcloak knows that he is not as powerful as Xykon, and is even shown genuinely scared of him on a couple of occasions. But he thinks of Xykon as a wild animal — strong, but stupid. Easily used and easily kept on a leash — provided you know how to handle him. He also has significantly more sympathetic motives than Xykon, and is arguably the true Big Bad of the story. Xykon does become somewhat distrustful of Redcloak briefly, but Redcloak is quickly able to compensate and work that into his plans, making contingency after contingency and ruthlessly eliminating anyone who might spill his secrets. As of the day commenting, the story isn’t finished yet, but I’m VERY excited to see how that character arc pans out.
Captain Qwark from the Ratchet and Clank reboot created the real final villain of the game through the undervalued underling trope.   Qwark and the other Galactic Rangers were mistreating Dr. Nefarious until he finally snapped. He made all of their gadgets and weapons, they gave him wedgies.
WHERES ARTHUR MORGAN?
Rose/huntsgirl from American dragon and karai from tmnt are  interesting righ hand man types because they are also the adopted kids of the villain who dosent realize they are working with an evil person.
After watching this video so many times, I now figured that the right-hand man of the villain is called dragon because it makes the villain look more powerful.  if the only person underneath them is a dragon it makes them look more badass
Pure evil Right hand man-evil villain Relation between Krell and Kemmler in WH Fantasy is one of the best in my opinion
I know it is seven months later, but I love that there is a Gideon the Ninth reference in there
I think Higurashi did an excellent job subverting the trend mentioned at the beginning of the video in the sixth book. At the start of the book, the arc's protagonist Rena discovers that her father is being caught in an extortion scheme by a petty mobster, and she keeps silent in an attempt to solve it herself. Quoth her directly, "Friends are nothing more than companions to share your playtime with", the implication being with such a serious situation she could only rely on herself. But when her attempt at confrontation fails, she's stuck in a situation where she's pushed to murder both the mobster and the woman who had been his front/lure. By way of her own secret keeping, her friends end up stumbling across her dismembering the bodies, and when she's forced to come clean and explain her story, the lot of them tell her that while what she did wasn't right, they still understand it, and they help her dispose of the corpses (in what was a meme-worthy sequence back in the day). The rest of the novel has her undergoing an extensive mental breakdown as a local dirty cop, a shadowy conspirator, and her own compounding paranoia drive her over the edge. When she discovers the two bodies were gone from where they were buried, as one of the others had taken them and disposed of them in a more professional spot, she nevertheless immediately thinks that person betrayed her and disappears entirely. While we're following the perspective of other protagonist Keiichi, he runs into her outside his house one night, as she tells him some of her plans and why she's going over the edge. He tries to talk her down with some platitudes about trust and not keeping secrets, until she hits him with the revelation that she knows the biggest secret he'd been keeping ever since he first showed up in the story. Much as she hates herself for it, she in the moment cracks and denounces him before leaving, him just sitting stunned in her wake. He goes through some character growth and sees how she mirrors what he did in the first novel, so when she comes back and tries to commit domestic terrorism, he gives his all to try and bring her back, by going "Fuck this conspiracy, we'll decide who's right the old fashioned way", and because he makes an over the top demand for if he wins versus giving her what she wants if she wins, she has the kinda realization that what she wants doesn't really seem worth it, so she gives up on it and asks for the reverse of his demand if she wins. So then they have a weird kinda swordfight, which she wins, and it's only when she's got him pinned and he casually tells her to kill him if she wants to win, she breaks down crying and gives up entirely, and their perspectives kinda merge as they come to the same realization of where and how things went wrong, and that "next time" they'll never make the same mistake of mistrusting each other again. And for the last two books, they don't. They (the entire main group) trust in each other, don't hide their problems, and through working together solve all the problems that had plagued them in the previous novels. It's more than a little cheesy, as Higurashi often is, but it's a compelling statement on trust and cooperation, and how much things can break down if you try to do it all yourself (which is the mistake everyone in the previous novels had made).
I can't help but think of Talion and Celembrimbor from Shadow of Mordor/War. They basically meet all the criteria for the relationship dynamic with the Tragic twist being that the Dragon of the relationship thinks he's the right hand man to a good guy instead of a villain. And then has to become a full on villain to stop his former partner.
Can a ” idc” type hero have a “dragon”
Not mentioning commander peepers even once during this video is a war crine
Spoilers for "New World":   A bit of a subversion of certain tropes. MC is an undercover cop who became an officer in the Korean mafia. He has a right hand man he cares about. When said guy is killed, MC is deeply affected. As the cops switch on a plan to have a major gang have an internal fight then sweep in and take the remaining gangsters out, the MC learns that his side (represented by a rather antagonistic cop) doesn't care about him that much and thinks of him as a disposable pawn. MC uses his knowledge to backstab the cops and becomes the new mafia overlord, all while the only people who knew he used to be an undercover cop are dead. The death of the bodyguard/right hand man was the trigger...
Spoilers for "A dirty carnival":    Features an interesting MC-bodyguard dynamic with a sad but to-be-expected betrayal. Granted, the film is one of those movies commenting on how honour codes and loyalty are disappearing from criminal organisations, and the new blood is all about backstabbing each other and always expecting to eventually be back stabbed unless they pre preemptively dispose of the betrayed first and replace them with someone indebted enough not to betray them at least in the near future.
I just had a fun idea - what if you had a leader character who’s neurodivergent or just generally not great at communication but they have a right hand man who can decipher what they’re saying and translate to the rest of the characters. Could work pretty well for a close friend or loved one dynamic.
One of my favourite Right-hand man examples is actually from Alan Becker's Animation v. Minecraft series. The RHM in question being a previously established 'reoccurring asshole/rival to close friend' towards the group of protagonists. The next time the group bumps into him is when he lures them into a trap before sneaking into their home to steal a McGuffin. It turns out his betrayal to the party is because the RHM grew up without a father, and projected that role onto the main antagonist (who tragically did not reciprocate) hoping to redeem himself in the eyes of his absent father by aiding the villains quest for vengeance. It's shown later that the antagonist is on a path of destruction because he is grieving the loss of his own son and aims to take revenge on what was responsible, never noticing how the RHM saw them. This whole series without a single line of dialog, animations of nothing more than stick figures and Minecraft of all things, its truly unexpected how deep the themes that are explored get, and how well they're represented. Grief, hatred, loyalty, desperation and forgiveness portrayed shockingly well by characters without voices or faces
"Definitely not Dracula in a funny hat" 🤣
Talking about dark mindsets born from isolation: you, Red, have helped me learn basic hopeful things when I was in one auch mindset. Knowing that wanting to like people and also wanting to be alone is both normal and inherently complicated helped me a lot when I was watching Game Of Thrones with my sister and didn't find anything wholesome to counteract. So thank you
"A villain is a lot more fun when they have someone to bounce off of, and a snarky second in command is great for that." My mind went straight to Malus Darkblade and Hauclir.
11:02 I am SO glad you included this scene from FMAB!! This has got to be one of my favorite scenes in the whole show and it shot Pride up to #1 in my all-time favorites. Because he’s *so close* to being the Undervalued Underling trope, except he’s desperately trying to look for reasons to still trust his Father. It’s so interesting, I could make an essay about his character.
kid named finger is the best Dragon
0:41 it really depends a group of peoples collective mind can either be wise or stupid
6:47 Sevika is one of my favorite Dragons because of the nuance in her loyalty, and her sheer badassery. She's one of the most loyal characters in the show, but it's not to a person, but an ideal.
Talia from the Arrow trillogy is one of my favorite protags, if she *didnt* have her friends she would have failed ages ago (then again, she's also just one of a hundred chosen ones lol)
I love watching these and realizing “oh THIS is why I hated that book I read two years ago”
God there is so much here to unpack for BBC Merlin's Arthur and Merlin.
Every time I hear Right Hand Man I think of Right Hand Man from The Henry Stickmin Collection
3:48 is that a Gideon the Ninth reference I spy?
Everyone forgets, Starscream was always portrayed as extremely competent at his job. It's the main reason he was worth keeping around.
The best example of a Right Hand Man imo is Soundwave because Soundwave Superior
I can't believe that there isn't one reference to Kronk from Emperor's New Groove.
..... Arthur Morgan?
Harley Quinn and joker be like
gota love a villein and there right hand man because ofc power and its dynamics are much more important to villain's than it is heroes and watching 2 very clever ambitious frenemies interact has alot of ways that can go and alot of suspense aided by the fact that villain's usually wear there poker face to work.
The Starscream is more specific than the right-hand man being bad at their job; it's about the treachery, where they're always scheming to *overthrow* the boss. The Prime version of Starscream is sort of a twist on that, but it's nothing compared to G1 Starscream.
Samwise Gamgee is more than just a "Right-Hand Man!"
I think it is called dragon because of the "dragoon". A highly versatile mounted infantry unit. It can be used as anything, even as conventional cavalry
What if the right-hand man feels forced to keep the boss alive for whatever reason and the boss adores the right-hand man? Like they basically feel forced into the position of being a right-hand man? Does that still count as this trope ooorr?
What if there was a chosen one story that has a Chosen one with a typical prophecy that involves them facing the bad guy alone, but the prophecy was wrong, and the chosen one can't do this, so they somehow survive and escape the encounter with the bad guy, so they rest up and take their friends along, and this time they manage to take him down together.
now I am thinking so much more about having a heroic duo with ridiculous contempt for one another, frequently trying to backstab one another due to some personal drama/deep rooted ideological/moral preferences and because of their attempts to eliminate one another in either way they end up saving the world be it directly or indirectly
Hunter is probably one of the most tragic "Dragon" characters in recent years, or at least the most tragic that Disney was willing to show children.  His entire existence is based on being a recreation of his boss's dead brother and being killed off and recreated every time he ends up liking witchcraft again. Learning this information also puts him in the sights of what is basically his parental figure/brother (please refrain yourselves from playing banjo music), and he isn't experienced or old enough to do a Star Wars or Guardians of the Galaxy and beat the shit out of his father/brother (this is not a "Sweet Home Alabama" moment I swear)
So what I learned (among other things) is that the nightmare heart is a villain and Grimm is a dragon
It's pretty rare, but I like when the big bad "betrays" their right hand.. for taking things too far.
The drawing at 3:47 looks suspiciously like Gideon and Harrow from The Locked Tomb
I associate this background music with terrible writing advice
When you got to the "bodyguard sacrifice" part and how the boss treats his/her/their subordinate, I was thinking about Disgaea.  Laharl starts the game as a brat, he has lots of minions, and two right-hand women, Etna and Flonne; for the most part, no one seems to be loyal to him, they follow him more out of respect for his late father, as is the case with Etna.  Near the end, when Flonne is punished for betraying Celestia to the Netherworld, Laharl fights to get her restored to normal.  In order to get the golden ending, the game must be beaten with no ally kills; in universe this means Laharl has to grow up, learn to respect his minions, all to save one of the only people who had any faith in him.
This is a comment
I remember hearing that the right hand of the boss being called the dragon originated from fantasy table top and video games where you would fight a mini boss before the big bad which was often an actual dragon or dragon like monster, and the term just carried over to the muscle guard and so on to become the trope name. It does help one supposed if the right hand man can transform into a monster.
the "We good?" "you tell me, boss" dynamic is pretty much how me and one of my buddies play ark survival evolved we go at each other so hard another friend legit worried asked how can we play together and that the tribe isnt going to split is it... he has the experience and i have the ingenuity so often we clash on if its better to try something random that could have insane pay back or go the tried and trusted route.. 15 minutes later when we both have tried our own thing so and join back in the chat, then we just go through the good n bad of each n keep playing like nothing happened xD
So a great hand man character study is Rutabaga in BOJACK HORSEMAN. We get to see him alongside Princess Carolyn (one of the main characters and a 'good' guy) then again alongside Vanessa Gecko (Princess Carolyn's main nemesis). He plays romantic interest to PC, then neutral best friend right hand man to Gecko. Through him we get to flesh out the personality of PC, early a person looking for a change, then Gecko, a person who has the sort of life that PC wants but won't admit. He's a minor character, but seeing his relationships with both persons and how they act is a great example of writing.
GOD I LOVE FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST
I do wish you would cover it one of the classic right hand men. The Watson. It's so fundamental to the mystery genre to have someone to talk to, explain things to, and often to document the great detectives' exploits, that it is rare to see it subverted. For a time, Hercule Poirot got a new one every book
Not a word on Zoro , I am disappointed.
Kaiba from Yu-Gi-Oh has two arguable right hand man characters - Mokuba who serves as a character foil and is in general given a lot more attention, and an actual right-hand man, Isono (or Roland in the dub), who doesn't really have much characterization except that he works for Kaiba and is clearly pretty high up in the chain of command. In my fanfics, I like to give Roland a little more depth - my favorite interpretation of him is that he serves as kind of a pseudo-father figure to Kaiba (especially in stories taking place during Kaiba's younger days) in addition to a "snarky second in command" kind of like Alfred from Batman. Their banter in those stories is fun to write, and it adds more depth to Kaiba's character in particular since, while Kaiba is prone to responding to Roland's jabs with equal amounts of sarcasm, many scenes with them actually have Kaiba taking Roland's advice (and it's understood in those stories that Roland is the sole person Kaiba would legitimately take that kind of crap from rather than brush it off).
Pull the lever Kronk!
Watching this while my neighbors are yelling outside
I'm putting "highly specialized in ass kicking" on my resume.
my boys Caramon Majere and Raistlin Majere from Dragon lLance is the perfect example of this
I never knew Starscream was a right-hand man trope name.😂
Nimona is a fun odd version of this trope, with Ballister Blackheart being the classic tortured villain, Wronged by Society But Still Has Morals, and Nimona being the absolutely overpowered sidekick with literally no morals who is constantly getting into trouble, killing everyone, and flying away.
Is there a Dragon-Dragon dynamic, where there isn't a defined greater between the two?
this video made me realize that two characters i am currently writing have this exact same dynamic (smart social leader with a hands on big guy right-hand man to go on missions for him).
I love how Red mentioned it hat they did everything in their power not to make the entire trope talk about the FMA characters.
me omw to casually reference allen avadonia from evillious chronicles for the 1937192818472th time this hour even though no one knows who he is
I like the idea of a Right-hand man that is more loyal and competent than the recurring minion but the big bad guy doesn't use as often because the Right-hand man's moral code. This leads to the Big Bad guy showing favoritism to the "good" minion while getting the "bad" minion do all of the dirty work.
I've fairly recently started writing myself, so it's kind of amusing finding this series.  This is probably the one video most applicable to my main story, since the main character (and point-of-view character, being in first person) is basically the Right-Hand Man of another.  And despite not being a villain, she's also a dragon.  Though, I mean that literally: She's a dragon that got rescued and becomes the pet of a mage.  So it's kind of neat to see a discussion on a trope I didn't know about but was already exploring.  The Boss has magic (He's only recently started learning, but he's surprisingly good at it) as well as the ability to talk in public without freaking people out (since dragons in that world generally aren't intelligent, they're animals about the size of a large dog or a big cat), and while he can usually do a pretty good job of holding his own in a fight, she sees it as her job to protect him.  After all, he takes care of her, so she wants to do anything she can for him.  She's developed some feelings but it's more platonic love than anything else.  If he gets hurt, whoever did it now has to contend with a large, intelligent, fire-breathing, armored, razor-clawed, sharp-fanged ball of rage, after all.  Doesn't stop her from feeling inadequate, low self-esteem is a pretty serious hurdle for her.  And a great source of tension.
i think the "dragon" may be a reference to the evil dragon secret boss or sub boss in older jrpgs who is often stronger the the end boss, one example off this may be death in Castlevania
Jinx as the dragon to Silco in Arcane is such a good example of this.
Every time I saw Phillip's right hand man, I thought, "Hoot! Hoot!"
Venture Brothers has one of my favorite right hand men, 21. I love how 21 goes from disposable underling not respected at all to best friend/side kick.
What about the left hand woman
Now I need a book where, for the dragon, it’s just a job, but the villain really cares about the dragon and keeps trying to get their attention.
Best example i can think of a Bodyguard and Baddass combo is The Emperor of Man and the Adeptus Custodes from 40k. Because sure the Emperor might be a 14ft tall gold clad badass who is basically a physical god in terms of power, even he knows that their are things that could kill him (turns out he was right) so he thought it only fair to surround himself with a personal small army of 9ft tall Baddass killing machines who induvidually make a standard  already pretty baddass Space Marine look like a kid in the play pen.
This may be coincidence, but using Vader as the dragon fits the ROTS novelization
red, i just wanna say thank you for getting me way more into writing n such!
Probably my favourite example of the trope at this moment is Butler from Artemis Fowl. Butler's dynamic with his "principal" Artemis Fowl the second is great to read as Butler has absolute trust that whatever Artemis does, it turns out well for him, yet the fact that Artemis is way too smart for his own good brings Butler a good amount of headaches as well. Especially during the times when Artemis' plan hinges on Butler's badassery being used somewhere not between Artemis and danger.
Right Hand Man: tangible enforcer of bosses will  Left Hand Man: [Redacted]
I was looking away when the talk turned to Dragon Backstabbing Villain, and listing "Villain is all talk" as a potential motivation. I looked back and exactly the example that came to mind on hearing that was on the screen. It's just nice to know I am clearly understanding as I go like that.
i know it's rare but i love when dragon villian duos actually care about eachother & one goes down the other gets way more motivated to be an even bigger threat
At @4:15, I completely missed the fire extinguisher at first.
Watching the trope talk playlist, anytime Red brings up how humans need one another for support and you will spiral if you don't interact with others, I'm just 😬 yeah. These past few years, man.
I feel like Eliot and Hardison are a great example of this who also fit into a 5 Man Band. 😊
I can give a great example of a perfect right hand man, Levi Ackerman is a right hand man of Erwin Smith in AOT and ACWNR. Levi is a badass character, while Erwin is a freaking badass boss.
its okay you can say kim kitsuragi from disco elysium
When it's got Ezma, Kronk, Colonel Mustang, *and* Lieutenant Hawkeye in the same thumbnail how can you not click it?
Saw the title; first thought was Hawkeye.
Babylon 5: Delenn and Lennier
I may have looked away and missed them, but my favorite examples that were not displayed are Count Rugen and Agent Coulson.
I feel like she missed one right hand man dynamic, the Emperor and the Bureaucrat. It acts like a reversal of the Villain/Dragon dynamic as the Villain attacks the Heroes directly while the Bureaucrat has to manage the empire (and maybe the emperor himself). Think of Lord Hater and Commander Peepers from Wander over Yonder as a prime example.
One of my favorite thing about soundwave is that people fear him for being the eyes and ears of the deceptions and people assume he’s not so dangerous in person but he really is that scary
Captions no work :(( Edit: I'm not heart of hearing or anything, I just like them.
Lady with no conscience lady with no heart lady by your claim on me you tear my soul apart.  Lady I am bound to you glady would have flown can you value honor with no honor of your own?  Lady you are ancient lady you are cold lady why chose one who is not strong or wise or bold  Lady all who knew you only followed you to die and now you set me tasks you know my oath cannot deny  Lady you are fatal lady you are fair you who weave a deadly trap of silver eyes and hair  You who are no mortal cannot share a mortal´s fears lady! do now weaken! for I could not bear your tears!  Lady, I, your Ilin, am a frail and foolish man you lead me into madness and I follow as I can  Your trust, your pain, your secrets, place a burden on my heart Lady by your claim on me you tear my soul apart  Ilin (Nhi Vanye) - Mercedes Lackey
Susan Ivanova
My favorite dynamic is when the dragon and the villain both genuinely actually care for each other, like Joker and Harley if the Joker actually cared. It’s just more fun to see both of them be evil together and be on the sane wavelength
Look the right hand man is the right hand man....   But if you misstreat that loyalty and devotion.. that right hand man will you his right hand and kill their former  leader, either out of greed or spite.
Zoro goat
Kaidan Alenko is my favorite right hand man.
Perrin and Gaul from The Wheel of Time is a great example of the bodyguard variant of this trope
15:19 You could have just said “Lord Sesshomaru” and won the argument
Man, when you got to the chain of command right-hand man i was sooo hoping you'd mention star trek, and then you did, and I am very happy now :D ! I enjoy how star trek does different flavors of the right-hand man. Each of the shows tend to be a different angle of the trope.
I don't know if this has already been done, or may just be a subset of the "villain betrays dragon" thing, but this video gave me a potentially unique idea. Instead of the dragon betraying the boss because they've decided to become good, the villain is the one who betrays their dragon because they have a change of heart. Perhaps this can come about because the villain is the one witnessing the violence being done to the heroes by the dragon, and eventually has an existential crisis about it; having a "maybe I AM the villain" moment. Alternatively, maybe the villain was always moralistically complex, and either inherited their position from the previous big bad and never liked their position, was always good at heart but manipulated/brainwashed into being the big bad, or was a straight up sleeper agent the whole time and it was their plan to break down the "big bad empire" from within.
Villain + Dragon is probably derived from early media where the Evil Wizard/ Tyrant/ King would have... well... a fucking dragon, as their secret or not so secret weapon.
Maybe I have brain rot but I saw the big guy/smart guy duo as Gideon and Harrow
I'd actually argue that a particular kind of Dragon doesn't necessarily need to care about the Villain, and that's the scheming Dragon. The one that uses the Villain for their own purposes. SPOILERS FOR DRAGON PRINCE SEASON 2, 3 AND POSSIBLY 4:         Aaravos is such a character. He makes Viren stronger, he seemingly serves him, and does some major ass kicking for him, but ultimately I think its clear he's not intending to be loyal at all. Maybe this is a different trope entirely, but that's a different dynamic where the Dragon does not at all care for the Villain.  I have such a dynamic in a D&D campaign setting, where a false king is seeking to usurp the current king, and has a powerful devil at his side who does a lot of the dirty work and leg work... but the devil's purpose is to destabilise said kingdom for the arrival of an infernal invasion and does not care about the usurper, only about the chaos wrought. He is actually a servant of a greater BBEG.
No man is an island, but rather an archipelago
Late to the party, but I love seeing the little nod to Gideon & Harrow at 3:40, even if they didn't get mentioned otherwise. The Locked Tomb books are filled to the brim with different variations of the Right-Hand Man trope. One Flesh, One End and all that.
You forgot one twist of the trope: The Right-Hand Man being a master of arts-&-crafts instead of martial arts, like Slobberjob/Odie in the second best Garfield TV Special (after Garfield's Babes & Bullets of course), Garfield's Feline Fantasies.
Assassin's Creed Valhalla has a really unique double-protagonist Dragon/Villain dynamic with Eivor and Sigurd's relationship/goals
I wonder if the critical role Brierwoods would fit under this trope
Luffy and Zoro give a very nice spin on this Trope.
Thanks for the spoiler Iam watching Hellsing atm...
Damn you made me want to rewatch fullmetal alchemist
Your description seems to fit two of my villain’s henchmen. Can a villain have two dragons? Even Daenerys only had one left once she turned into a villain… 😂
Anyone else watching this stuck with a perpetual mental image of Henry Stckmin & the Toppat Clan with Reginald & his Right-Hand Man?
3:49 Harrowhark and Gideon
3:41 Wait a minute- is that Gideon and Harrow
That one Secretary Who is Tired of their Boss's Shit and Overthrows them
Somebody should add to the Villian's Handbook: ## If I need to devour a loyal assistant/worker/whatever to power up my ancient and evil magiks, i'll be sure to put "Extremely into vore" as a requirement for the position to avoid a potentially peeved last-minute backstab.
Speaking of hellsing, does anyone know where the abridged series went?
I kept getting the dragon and the villain mixed up throughout the video because I've been reading a lot of "Vainqueur the Dragon" lately, where actually the literal dragon is the "villain" and our human protagonist is his right hand man "dragon". I guess the whole premise of the story is a subversion of this trope (as well as a host of other ones as well). Anyways, thanks for this video, I feel like I can better appreciate the webnovel now 😁
Stringer Bell. Not just the greatest 'Right hand man' ever. But the role that launched Idris Elba's career.
the joy of seeing ppl talk about your current favorite media in something completely unrelated is incomparable
Yu Yu Hakasho is great at  keeping friends in the picture, same with HunterxHunter
oh this was a treat to watch and i LOVED the spicy dynamic art
In the Hellsing manga, Walter was captured by the Nazis and then turned into a vampire.  He didn't betray them so much as he was turned against them.  He also gave in to the evil because he was sick of being an old man...which he talks about in depth several times earlier in the story.  It was only vague in the anime.
The Locked Tomb trilogy uses so many manifestations of this trope so well <3
See now I need a video about “the starscream”
Just curious: out of the obvious Villain - Dragon archetype (which also doesn't fit very well in this case) where would you sort the Xanatos - Owen paring from Gargoyles? Owen is very obviously the Right Hand Man, but is not a bigger Asskicker than Xanatos, even if it is repeatedly shown, that he can hold his own in a fight (not considering the whole Puck thing ibviously). But Xanatos seems to be valuing him a lot, since he seldom if ever consciously puts Owen in danger, but seems to have no qualms about doing that to his other underlings. All in all a very odd pair, that work fantastically well.
I'm gonna need a right hand man
Hilariously overpowered protagonist and Dracula in a silly hat are not mutually exclusive shut your heresy hole XD
Surprised Verrick and Julie weren't in here.
Lmao watching those mini clips on the background are killing me but after seeing full metal alchemist I was lowkey hoping you would show the right hand man trope between Mikey and Dracon from Tokyo revengers 🤣🤣🤣 literally the perfect dragon and evil boss trope.
I love TF Prime references, it's such a good show
Brock Samson from the Venture Bros is a perfect representation of this trope, and I love it.
I love this, because EVERY Jules Verne story I have read has a Right Hand Man. Every. Single. One. Twice they were even the POV character.
Me: This is a useful video to better my writing techniques.  My brain: _”They’re asking me to lead. I’m doing the best I can, to get the people that I need… I’m asking you to be my right hand man.”_
13:26
My dumb Hamilton obsessed brain keeps thinking of "Right hand man" as in the song,,, welp, i guess its time to go watch Hamilton for the 10th time
We should have a spin-off to this trope! I introduce to you the "Left-Hand Man"! It's just like the Right-Hand man but.. useless... and... not sapient???    starting to think this trope already exists
Labienus was Caesar's right hand man based on rank, knowing each other since children, and Lab. being an excellent commander.  The plan, Labienus thought, was for Caesar to become consul and give his right hand a coveted governorship.  That died when Caesar instead crossed the Rubicon and effectively declared war on the Senate.  All who followed him were denounced as traitors.  Seeing his ambition go up in smoke, Labienus switched sides and joined the Senate.  He spent the next four years being a thorn in Caesar's side.
Samwise? Is that you?
Soundwave and Megatron
My favorite dynamic is between the Good King (or emperor for eastern culture) and the Morally Grey Chancellor or Spymaster, whereas the King will want to always do what is moral, the chancellor will often do what is necessary, much to the consternation of his superior. Usually the Chancellor will start out in opposition to the king , or at the very least be a naysayer, who gradually either comes around to the kings point of view and/or the king knows he needs the chancellor; this is especially true if the king is young and he is naive to the way of court politics. The two don’t necessarily have to like each other, but they do understand that they have to work together and present a United front to face opposition.
In retrospect, I’m surprised you didn’t use Soundwave to highlight the difference between the RHM and the Starscream.  Because while Soundwave is never Megatron’s second in command, he is ABSOLUTELY Megatron’s RHM.  He’s the Chief Communication Officer for a reason, he monitors EVERYTHING aboard the ship.  What’s more he’s a survivor of the same gladiatorial backstory as Megatron, and it SHOWS every time Soundwave fights.  I’m convinced that Megatron wouldn’t be nearly as patient with Starscream’s BS if he didn’t have Soundwave to keep tabs on him and apply pressure.
Farscape: Captain Braca is Scorpius's almost literal Smithers. Scorpius is defined by his utterly unbreakable will. Braca is a tertiary character and just a dude, but has absolute faith in his boss, which leads to the occasional awesome moment.  Inversely: Kingsman 1: Gazelle. She's a natural born killer and close friends with the Evil Genius bad guy... who doesn't like violence.
Agent stone and Dr. Robotnik are all of these/hj
My favorite trope is when the main villain is killed and the right hand man survive. And he becomes a villain even worse that his ex-boss for revenge
On a side note, there was one Starscream that was a dragon...for most of the series. The one for transformers Armada.
I'm actually kinda surprised you didn't have any clips of Mikasa in there...
Okay, I know Red hasn't seen One Piece, but I need to mention the case of Kaido and his underlings. Kaido is one of the biggest villains in the story, but for all his villainy, he really cares about his subordinates. His right-hand man, King, is genuinely also his best friend and biggest supporter, and there's even a flashback showing how they founded their organization together, which is almost sweet in an evil way.
So kinda like the Ozai-Azula dynamic. Yes they are father and daughter, but Ozai is the big bad, and isn't given so much screen time as normal. But Azula is definitely the dragon. There is even more evidence for what you said about the dragon often being given more screentime and being more popular/likeable/etc. While Aang vs Ozai was an amazing final fight, I have never seen anyone argue that it was better than the last Agni kai.
Zelda and Link is a fun pair, particularly in BotW. The way they develop the relationship through your memories over time until you want to be the bodyguard who protects her is well done.
Guy in the chair trope talk?
Idea:... Dragon ball super browly... Cause i enjoyed that movie very much
I’m very glad the Atlantis betrayal was included, it’s an underrated movie
I've seen this channel in my recommended a lot but never checked it out until now. In less than 2 minutes I realised what I'd been missing
My all time favorite Right Hand Man is Wesley from Daredevil Season 1.  Fisk is a major crime lord, but is awkward and generally soft spoken.  Wesley is the fixer, the translator, and the guy Fisk sends to talk to other bosses or enlist the help of blackmail targets, etc.  The best part is their friendship, however.  When Fisk becomes attached to Vanessa partway through Season 1, Wesley is actually supportive.  While Wesley personally considers New York disgusting, he sees Fisk's love for the city and helps him try to change it.  When the heroes get close to someone who Fisk loves, Wesley tries to take care of it on his own because Fisk is currently under a lot of stress.  And it's not just a one way street, because  Fisk truly considers Wesley as a friend.  After Wesley is gone, Fisk makes it clear that other people who fill Wesley's role aren't replacing Wesley. Wesley is just such a good character for other reasons, and his acting is perfect.
right hand man:if lost please return to bae bae:i dont do matching t-shirts🤣
Agripa entered the chat
This gets me wondering about the 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre' movies, particularly the latter ones.  Even though most of the focus in all of the TCM movies is on Leatherface and how brutally he chops up and butchers whatever travellers are hapless enough to end up in his isolated Texan town, he's actually the Dragon for his entire family, bringing in fresh meat for his cannibalistic family's dinner table while his family takes more of a backseat role in all the murdering and bloodshed...except, perhaps, for the remakes with R. Lee Ermey, where the family's patriarch takes a more active role, even eclipsing Leatherface himself at times.  (That's really my only misgiving with the Ermey TCM movies: Ermey does *_too_* good of a job and is too prominent in his role.  As much as I love these movies and enjoy them, if I'm more scared of Leatherface's *_Dad_* than of Leatherface himself, something is fundamentally flawed with the premise!  🤔)
I wonder if Dragon is meant to be Dragoon. Dragoon is usually seen as a lance using class in things like final fantasy and both lancer and Dragoon were cavalry men at some point in history, one using a lance and one using a gun called a Dragoon, which means dragon.
I like to see a story where the bad guy turns into a good guy so the Dragon becomes their enemy.
Owl house 👌🏻
saw and loved the gideon the ninth reference! answering the crucial question of what if the boss was a lesbian and her right-hand man was also a lesbian??
How would the dynamic between doppio and diavolo work I mean that’s just a tricky situation.
*I can’t stop thinking of Zoro and Luffy throughout this video*
One of my favorite ways this trope can go, is if the villain and dragon are either romantically or deeply platonically involved, and one of them is killed by the heroes, you can get the excellently spicy "villain in a blind rage" fight, which are a great way for the writers to show off just what the villain is capable of.
Question, can you do a video on the pretty boy trope?
Recently, I thought itd be really cool to hear a trope talk on contracts. Specifically, the mystical, blow-up-in-your-face contracts.
Watching this, I realize that A Practical Guide to Evil has like a dozen versions of this relationship, they're all slightly different, and they're all absolutely amazing.
The fire mage and fire extinguisher sidekick is the art
Have you thought of doing the trope of doomed by canon. It’s so weird and feels so annoying.
The 'dragon' description summarized Dragon from Arrested Development lol
Can you do a trope talk about families feuds I find them the most interesting
Funny that you should show Darth Maul while saying about the right-hand man "but even when their boss is no slouch in the badass department...," because that phrase practically describes the entire Sith order under the Rule of Two.
Zoro. Just Zoro. -greatest right hand man in anime- Possibly greatest right hand man in fiction.
Can you do the “Spare the Villain” trope?
Hmm...spicy backstab turned redemption arc huh? Which one was it where Starscream was actually really good at this? Transformers Armada was it? I think it was. Not quite a decepticon and not quite an autobot but wholly himself.
One of my favorite examples of the boss in dragon trope is a dracon and Shigo in Kim possible if not for the shows need for the villains not to win dragons genius combine with seagulls fighting abilities make them an amazing duo and the fact that they also included the lover subplot by the end of the show was amazing
poor azula ....
Suggestion: now you have so many Trope Talks, can you do story reviews on which tropes a story follows? My favorite part is when you give examples and would love to hear a specific book or story and what tropes it takes on.  Edit: you can link all your old Trope Talks videos for a deeper understanding when you explain what tropes characters or plots fall in.   Also, have either you or Blue read the Red Rising series?
Alucard is both right hand and boss.
the whole time you were talking about “bodyguard betrayal” i thought about dimension 20’s a crown of candy, and i am in pain. iykyk
Ive once written a villain duo where the "bodyguard" (more powerful but actually equal and shows up more often) ends uo betraying the main baddy and leaving without joining the heros and *thats* what starts the villains third act descent into madness, because the villain really really cared about the bodyguard but the bodyguard (who was their spouse) fell out of love with them and felt no qualms about leaving their ass for all the villainy theyve been doing
I had an idea while watching this video, so, the villian is shown to be fond of the dragon, but then the dragon gets on *huh?* a redemption! And this causes the villain to spiral into serious depression because as it turns out the reason the dragons the right hand man is that the villain was in love with them
I know it isn't necessarily a part of this trope, but I do love when the villain has a loved one and them caring so much about one person is what makes them such a incredibly powerful bad guy.   Sadly i can't think of any examples right now 'cause it's late and even when my brain is fully charged it doesn't brain so good
Can anyone tell me where the clip from 12:44 to 12:47 is from?
What about this dysfunction:  Morally trying to be good but ultimately human boss, and unsettlingly loyal Right Hand man.  The first might make a mistake or go too far, and the Right Hand man will badass into some morally gray area because the right hand man doesn't hold themself back, relying on the boss to do so for them.
Senator Armstrong was the Villain, Sundowner was the Dragon (No it isn't Jetstream Sam, he is a direct rival to the protagonist. We need Villainous right hand man.)
Malcador…
Can you do a troup talk on "one eye character's" or characters with heterochromia eyes as a person with heterochromia I get absolutely bummed out why the guy with the freaky one eye is portrait as a baddie.
My favourite scene from Firefly:  Mal (Hero) is struggling to overcome the Bad Guy's Dragon Zoe (Right Hand Woman): This is something the Captain has to do for himself Mal: No it's not! Zoe: Oh  (Dragon goes down in a hail of the team's gunfire)
I'm sorry but was that GIDEON AND HARROW????
As soon as Red talked about the Dragon being consumed by the Villain, my first thought was of The Giving Tree.
鋼の錬金術師だ！
Me: *saw title*  Me: *side-eyes Gokudera Hayato from KHR*
here's a trope I'm really tired of...the big guy/gal is just muscle, is the heart, or is the fool/glutton of no use except for one scenario.
I was no expecting Transformers Prime to show up, but I've never been happier.
This is honestly one of the tropes with the most relatively unexplored area. So much spice especially in the what happens after a right hand man gets separated from their boss front. All sorts of possible relationships between a young protagonist and their parent’s right hand. Bruce Wayne and Alfred have a very interesting relationship and Alfred’s a badass in his own right even if old so he sometimes has to be the one defending Batman. On the opposite end a royal brat inheriting a really capable servant and being so insufferable that they drive them to betray them can serve as a great antagonist origin and also just state just how much your royal character needs to grow to even be remotely capable of leading.
Ok, but what if the dragon was actually the one calling the shots the whole time, and they're hiding the true dynamic from the heroes in order to set up various plots. Like, the 'dragon' betrays the villain, fakes their own redemption arc, and then uses their position to hit the heroes where it hurts, which was their plan from the beginning.
OMG YOU PUT HELLSING THERE, 😭 THANK YOU. I LOVE IT SO MUCH
And no mention of Pirotess and Ashram, dang.
Oh, oh. I got a weird one for you guys. The Alpha Geek. The nerd/smart guy who is also a powerhouse. Henchman 21 is a great example. He starts off as a week chubby geek enjoying his rather simple henchman job with his best friend 24. Through a series of insane events, 21 becomes a series combat threat on top of his already established geekdom knowledge.
Please do the trope of the way too overpoweful protagonist that has to restrict their powers, or use them creatively
Me, not wanting to make an obvious Hamilton reference:  "Lord, show me how to say no to this."
I wanna see a VD where V is a V *because* of D. u.u
All the time watching i was like "talk about riza....." andehrn she finalky showed up i shouted a loud YES!,,,,,,
I'm in the middle of writing a story and just realized I added a right hand man to my MC by accident. He's basically the MC's "blood brother" due to action from the MC's parents, (long story). He's acting like a bodyguard and conscience, and the MC cannot STAND when anybody refers to him as a "servant".
Trope Talk idea: The beta male stolen glory. Basically, whenever the beta male is about to take a major victory, something happens to take it from him. Vegeta vs gold Frieza, Joe vs Marik, SK8 the Infinity -  Reki vs Ainosuke. I am sure there are more but these are what made me think of it.
I'd Love to see a Trope Talk on Mermaids. Their symbolism in mythology compared to how widely different their media depictions are would be a fascinating can of worms to explore.
heh heh, battle butler...
Silco and Sevika from Arcane
Red try not to put atla in a trope talk video challenge (impossible)
I was a bit sad to see Mercy Graves and Lex Luthor not shown because at different points they have both betrayed the other, and they are an interesting Dragon and Brains pair
the small drawing of Griddle and Harrow immediately transitioning into Kronk and Yzma has really changed my perspective on the Ninth duo dynamic...
I love this trope.
is 3:43 Gideon and Harrow from locked tomb or do i have brainworms
Red: “Who just WILL NOT stop trying to sacrifice themselves for each other”  Me: *cough Kendal, *cough Alinua, *cough *cough FRICKING KENDAL
14:40 If you see the black line above the dragon as an eyebrow, that spicy pair looks to be having a badass stare down with oodles of sexual tension--both of them enjoying this moment.  Makes me want to WRITE. Thanks, Red.
Based on this video's position in the playlist, I'm legally forced to comment "nice".
My fav right hand man and boss duo is Gideon and Harrow from The Locked Tomb!
me love billy kane
3:40 okay i was NOT expecting a cameo from Gideon and Harrow so i am very pleasantly surprised. i was literally thinking "oh yes, just like cavaliers and necros in Gideon the Ninth" right before my brain registered the image
You know I really liked General Zod's and Faora- Ul his female lieutenants relationship. They didn't get a lot of screen time together but you can see their interactions. Faora falls to the ground devastated when they watch Krypton be destroyed and he goes and comforts her. It's a very humanizing moment.
As bad as it sounds, TFS Hellsing Abridged actually gave him a decent reason for betraying the Hellsing organization. It still feel a bit weak but it is so much better then the original.
I got an idea for your next Halloween special, “H.G.Wells” he is the writer of sci-fi classics like “The Time Machine”, “War of the Worlds”, “The Invisible Man”, “The Island of Dr. Moreau”, and more
Another trope people almost never get tired of is the "Doppelganger Trope".
Hey red, can you do a video taking about the “quirky autistic inventor”, this one happens with basically any inventor type character that I know of lol.
Some tropes I would love to see covered on this series (in no particular order): Back to Back Badasses Knight Templar/Tautological Templar Deadly Upgrade Crystal Spires and Togas Kicking Ass in All Her Finery/Battle Ballgown Evil Cannot Comprehend Good
Ah right hand man’s or woman being a loyal friend and making your relatives wonder if your secretly gay or just fucking with them mentally.
I quite like Overlord's take on this. It's got a bunch of dragons who are intrinsically loyal to the boss, like literally worshipping, but the boss loves them like family and half the story is basically him trying to be worthy of their loyalty and to not disappoint their expectations. It just so happens that their expectations are for him to be an evil overlord.
It's a very interesting dynamic. I like to imagine in Hunter x Hunter that Gon's "right hand man" is Kilua, which is kind of fun to think about because there's some moments between them and Gon's other allies where they aren't entirely faithful with their promises to eachother but this still ends up giving the desired results of their plans anyways. They're both still kids but they're both very capable as Nen users and combatants all their own, which makes their synergy even while apart great to see played out.
How about a thing on owl house by Disney
The preamble hints at an interesting question. Is intelligence/consciousness a social construct?
I'd love to see a Tropes Talk covering superheroes, especially origin sotries and secret identities.
Speaking of Darth Vader and the Emperor, what’s so interesting to me is how the Sith’s “rule of two” practically revolves around this trope in every example, especially in Darth Vader and the Emperor.
What about when the original main villain is defeated either by heroes or an inside betrayal, only to have the villain's right-hand man, usually with some personal connection to the villain, takes the original main villain's spot and ends up being way more dangerous than the original, either by just being more powerful/cunning than the original, or just simply not having the same hang ups that the original main bad guy had
Really disappointed Red didn't mention Epithet Erased...
This reminds me a lot of the betrayal/ non betrayal? Of Shishio towards his girlfriend(?) In The Rurouni Kenshin anime
God, she better bring up Guts and Griffith. Edit: Now I am sad. That relationship hits so many marks of the trope.
This entire video about second in comand/companion and Doctor who was never mentioned
Great video, as always, Red! Also add this to the heap of tropes One Piece has some really interesting examples for, lol.
i love that "the starscream" is a type
dr eggman and latte man.
Hot take: Azula’s third act break down isn’t nearly as spectacular as people keep saying it is, it wasn’t built up until like 3 episodes before it happens and thus kinda feels rushed for narrative convenience and out of left field
To explain the "dragon" title. It's a generic fantasy tableop term used because often an evil wizard's  "Dragon" is an actual dragon they somehow leashed to their will, usually through mind control. This dynamic also sets up other tropes like the Xanathos Gambit where defeating the BBEG will unleash the Dragon, now free of control, to exact revenge on the humans who used it as a slave.
If the badass is your boss: Mentor If you are the badass's boss: Right hand man
this is making me want to reread six of crows for the Kaz/Inej content. really really fun leader/right hand man pairing. they're protagonists of their story, of course, but they're morally gray enough for the "villainous loyalty" archetype to sort of hit there. and for Inej to question whether her boss actually cares about her...
When you said the twist is the Bodyguard Betrayal, I was thinking of the Horus Heresy from Warhammer 40K.
Fate in a nutshell
Now I want to see strong, dumb, charismatic and not-intelligence-based-wise boss with a calm, collected, conventionally intelligent right hand man. The boss does people, the right hand man does planning.
Really makes me think of Guts and Griffith. So would Guts be the Dragon even though he is the main character?  But was Griffith the good guy in the end for making the perfect world and only sacrificing those necessary for the greater good?
Oh my God, you guys picked the BEST characters to discuss the Dragon-Villain pairing with through showing clips of Vader and Sidious. There was a Legends story element introduced about a Tatooine myth of a sun dragon, comparing Anakin and later, Vader, to one. Canon storytelling literally just brought that back in two of this summer’s novels, so in one day, yes, Anakin and Vader can be viewed quite directly as a Dragon.
As an aromantic, this trope has always been a favorite of mine, because it is one of the rare times that you will see a platonic relationship that is seen as the paramount relationship of someone's life. And when they are asymmetrically romantic (specifically righthand man to boss), the platonic righthand-man element of the relationship is often seen as more important than the crush.
Question.  How deeply would you say the "Undervalued Underling" twist could potentially be connected to "The Starscream"?
I would say it’s called the dragon due to some stories have dragons be the muscle to villains and are the larger physical threat with the one controlling it being the more personal threat
Love the content as always. But this tiktok music really hurts my brains.
I'm surprised kronk wasn't in this
some of my faves, including some character arcs that use this relationship well by both playing it straight and then complicating it in spoilery ways:  Ib to Victor Temple (LA By Night) Guillermo to Nandor (What We Do in the Shadows) Charles Foster Offdensen to Dethklok (Metalocalypse) Diane to Special Agent Dale Cooper (Twin Peaks) Anything Brennan Lee Mulligan does as an NPC to Lou Wilson's player character (Dimension 20, Critical Role) Wesley to Fisk (Daredevil) Barry to Fuchs, also Natalie to Sally (Barry)
I might blind, because... I don't see Hamilton reference
I appreciate the FMAB references. Red mentioning the show in trope talks is why I watched it in the first place
10:50 Barnacle Boy just wants a regular Kraby Patty.
Can't believe YT randomly unsubscribed me from this channel wtf
I like the right hand man when the villain has a personality cult going on. All the followers see the villain as a God, and the righthand man is the most fervent believer. When their eyes are open it's not just the feel of betrayal or broken heart, but their whole ideology and worldview collides. Even when they never wake up is sad, they will give up everything. ( Or it can be like Bellatrix, who got absorbed into the cult because it already aligned with her radical ways, less sad)
Now if you mix the boss-dragon dynamic with the true king trope, you get a Dragon betraying the Boss for both being the new one in charge *and* to redeem themselves by being a not that villainous boss Be it the True King being manipulated to serve someone else in their throne or their shared cause going too far off with the current boss in charge
My goodness I was waiting for Arcane to be referenced, but I didn't expect it to be referenced in the same episode as FMAB Ling
Most people live on islands which makes the no man is a island thing. continent islands are packed full of people.
I find it surprising that Black Butler didn't make it into the montages in the upper left
Sooo..Joachim Steuben and Alois Hammer. Got it.
You guys should do a YouTube short on the "Beam Struggle" trope. That would be pretty cool.
The intro to this video suddenly has me questioning what examples are out there of stories with no main character. Honestly the closest thing that comes to mind is Power Rangers, or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. You've got team leaders in both series but they never really seem like the "main" character.
I keep thinking the dragon is a literal dragon, and I keep getting disappointed. ;-;)
One of my favorite recent examples of this is from prince’s guide. The boss is clearly the smarter and more badass of the duo, but his second is everything else. She’s more heroic, composed, honorable, etc. she’s pretty much second only to him in anything he could beat her at, too. Plus they’re in love, but due to social and legal issues, they can’t do anything about it. A good status quo.  My favorite part though, is that he’s also far more impulsive, and when he flies off the handle, her job becomes covering his mistakes, smoothing out problems, and helping him survive his own short sightedness.   Regarding showing affection, he gets full marks as her boss imo, because while he’s usually a slacker and fairly chill, even when insulted, he gets downright violent if someone moves against her, at one point including a great monologue about her being his heart, and to the extent of almost single-handedly winning a war that was supposedly unwinable because he actually got motivated enough to punish them.
Clicked on this solely for the Roy/Riza in the thumbnail. What a delight.  Also, they're the best pairing, no questions will be answered.
Star trek was good to take from the captain and lieutenant, but I think lieutenant hinawa and captain obi from fireforce are an awesome duo With obi being the talkative leader who is very inspiring whereas hinawa is quiet and serious, but covers obis weakness being range and lack of powers Wamuu and Kars from jojo do well here too (Not lieutenant and captain, but just in this trope) Though I get if you haven't seen these yet or something
Is it just me, or does the drawing at 3:50 look like Gideon and Harrow from The Locked Tomb series?
Take a shot every time she says "ass" and you're 3 drinks in
Glad you included Ghirahim even if it was just for a quick clip, especially considering he fits literally all of your description of the Dragon lmao
Okay I finally cracked, after the she ra parts I finally went and watched the series, and it was AMAZING I literally just finished the finale and oh my GOD  I’m glad this channel pushed me into watching it, it’s my new favourite show
I love the Bodyguard Crush one, especially the way it was executed in the Six of Crows series.
Is that Gideon and Harrow at 3:50? Be still my fangirl heart.
3:40 - Griddle & Harry???
Too bad she haven't seen One piece, where the right hand man is a crurcial charactherization of a lot of some of the bests characthers in it's story
Way off topic, but I am so happy to finally see clips from "The Owl House" in your work! When i saw the title, I had my hopes up for the Golden Guard to be featured, and ... *angelic choir*
A trope I would like to see you discuss is that of the famous/infamous "Not like this" moments. I propose two examples, one I feel is done right and one done poorly. In The Last Jedi we see one character stop another from sacrificing themselves, were upon they give a speech about how this isn't the way to accomplish what they want. While this might feel like a good sentiment it feels like it just... flops. On the other end of the spectrum, the moment in Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood when Colonel Mustang finally has the chance to get revenge for his best friends death but, in that moment, we have characters pointing out how what he is doing and how he is doing it isn't okay (I feel it should be noted he literally has his boot on the persons metaphorical neck at this point) and he instead backs down. On paper these moments are identical, but there is something about the execution of them that completely sets them apart. I'd like to know why, but haven't really been able to pinpoint a solid reason. Is it the framing? The scene itself? The voice acting/acting? Or is it the story building up to that moment that makes it matter?
Thanks for the story idea! This is gonna be fun!
I find it funny how you showed Hunter as an example of a dragon betrayal, because that happens 3 other times in that one  show.
My favorite betrayal twist is Sevika from Arcane, she shows to be going towards betrayal and then protects Silco at the last moment, killing the people who “convinced her” to do it.
An interesting example is Shredder from the original Turtles cartoon. Shredder could easily overpower Krang, who is actually a pretty good fighter himself, but is helpless without his robot suit and actually spends a decent amount of time outside of it. The only thing stopping Shredder is that he does not know how the Technodrome, Krang's mobile fortress, works. Shredder needs Krang and they are constantly bickering like an old married couple. Throw in Bebop and Rocksteady and you have a delightfully dysfunctional family.
This turned into just Trope Talk: Dragons halfway through.
i like all the trope talks, but i ~really~ liked this one
Amazing video!! Was low key expecting some Burns-Smithers examples 🤣
That last shot with the villain and the dragon in the middle of a fight has just given me a really *interesting* idea for a villain pair for an RPG... thank you for that!
Each time I watch trope talks I remember some examples I encountered and stories where it can fit and yet I can't pinpoint if it's there... Always a lot of fun, thanks!) Also, Helsing Ultimate seems to be soo different from the Helsing, still can't decide if I'm interested enough to give it a watch.
My favorite subservsion of this trope appears in Xenoblade Chronicles 2. The Evil Boss Malos and his Right hand man Jin start off in opposite roles but gradually switch over the course of the game as the villain in "humanized" and finds common ground with the party. The right hand mand Malos feels somewhat betrayed as he lifted the original Boss Jin to his status as leader of Torna. They tell each other over the course of the game that they are only using each other to reach their shared goal, but they both care deeply about one another as seen by the end of the game. A shame the rest of the narrative was nothing but overdone harem tropes,but the villains really made this game shine into something special.
"Giving a villain a kid to take care off is one of the tradition fast tracks to redemption arcs"  Arcane: hold my beer
More lovecraft!!! Please
Hey, a fun example is Clyme and Princess Renaire from Overlord
I like that starscream is his own archetype
One show I feel covers so many interesting flavors of the right-hand man is Venture Bros.
Okay comments, who's the villain and who's the righthand man in OSP, Blue or Red.  Just got to say that it is a shame the Igor and Frederick Frankenstein and Varrick and Zhu li weren't even given clips on this video.
Toxically positive heros that treat the right hand man like crap ignoring all of their struggles causing them to betray the boss and join the bad guys and be actually respected by them gaining a lot of loyalty
Soon as I noticed the thumbnail was Mustang/Hawkeye and Yzma/Kronk I knew I was in for a treat
I like the mix of caring relationship with the the twist in villain plots. When the right hand man turns against the big bad boss because they see that the villain's actions are bad not just to others, but are also hurting the villain himself (wheter they realize it or not) and  the right hand man wants to stop them not because they are against his goals, but to save the person then care about. It just so rare to see, likely because it's hard to do, but I really want to write a story with it
Is anyone else having trouble with the subtitles?
i hope that this isnt rude but when is the next part for the journey to the west? last one was seven months ago!
What about when the right hand man is the brains but lacks the brawn or charisma/leadership, so he technically works for the boss but is the one actually planning everything and/or pulling the strings?  Those are my favorite examples.  Luca Blight / Jowy from Suikoden 2, Xykon / Redcloak from Order of the Stick, GWB / Richard Cheney from....the 2nd worst presidency of the 2000's...  It's a very effective combo, and makes the RHM turning on the boss really compelling.
Pleas I’m BEGGING YOU DO AN ELF VIDEO
TOH
I’m not going to lie, as soon as I saw the title Ai Hayasaka came to mind
first thing that came to my mind with the bodyguard one is Frankenstein and Raizel from Noblesse and now i once again wish more people would read Noblesse. It is such a good comic.
While I'm largely ambivalent about the show as a whole, Star Wars: The Clone Wars did an excellent job of building up this trope.  Throughout the show, the relationship between Jedi and the individual Clone Troopers under their command is built up and explored.  Captain Rex is 100% Anakin's right-hand man, and Ahsoka's too before she leaves the Jedi.  Time and time again, the Jedi encourage the clones' individuality (most of them, anyway), and in return are granted complete loyalty....up until Order 66.  And then it all goes out the window.  Bodyguard betrayal on a galactic scale.  With one main exception: Rex.  Rex remains loyal to who Anakin *was* instead of who he *becomes* and manages to get out of following the order with Ahsoka's help.
Hunter is the Zuko of TOH (and that’s not a bad thing), I said what I said.
Super helpful thank you : )
I love this video in regards to the show Galavant, which displays most of what was talked about here
Hellsing ultimate love is always appreciated
*stands in desert duo*
Just once I'd love to see the villain give the hero the, "take my place as my right hand man". Then have the dragon and hero team up, only for it to be a Villainous trick to get the hero off of the dragon's back.
Oh, It's called the 'dragon' because of the old trope where an evil something or somesuch locks the damsel up in some place. They almost always leave a litteral dragon to guard her or use it to burn down villages and such,
What a great video! Well said and well analyzed!
Aight imma lay it straight. I like you guys. I enjoy your insights in writing and your style of displaying. But you call Alucard's hat silly one more time imma have to flip my shjid
IMO they are called dragons because there are quite a bunch of depictions of dragons being killed by a lance, hence the counterpart to the lancer therefore is the dragon.
My favorite dragon is the one that is not evil. But following orders, waiting for the perfect moment for a hero to arrive so they can backstab the main bad. Because they cannot beat them on their own.
14:30 Kil'jaeden comes to mind there in WoW: Legion, where there's tension with how he betrayed his entire race and sacrificed their home planet for "the mission", which has so far failed spectacularly.
I want the CRIME fistbump drawing as a wallpaper
*OSP characters screaming in emotional torment with "AAAAAAAA" faded into the background*  Just, like, a whole mood.
Another thing very interesting about this trope is. the right hand man of the dragon/big bad is the dragon is essentially telling the story of the big bad unless he rises to power
3:43 gideon!!
The Kyoshi Avatar the Last Airbender prequel novels have my favourite example of this trope, Rangi as the Bodyguard/Right Hand Man to Kyoshi's Badass Boss. Because it is incredible that they managed to give an establish most powerful badass character in the universe, an even more competent bodyguard GF.
Hawkeye and Mustang competitively trying to sacrifice themselves for each other was so endearing. When the mcu did the same thing for a scene with a character named hawkeye, I couldn't help but chuckle
Do you not sing over the end credits in sponsored videos because you assume everyone will click away before the end credits?
one of the main reason i'm so attached to the straw hat crew is because every single member is a last of their kind, greatest ever, failed experiment yet despite their differences they actively choose to come back to one another(can you tell i love found family). Furthermore because Oda splits the crew so often every single character is allowed to play the right hand man depending on the situation including luffy himself. also i like pirates a lot.
A interesting rework of the lieutenant/captain ive seen is the General/ADC (aide de camp) which also doesnt limit the "right hand" to one person. Yes its almost an exclusive to military fiction but it has interesting implications. this iteration also usually involves the ADC dying unfortunately. The biggest example i can think is from the sharpe series, where the POV character as an officer, routinely finds his juniors getting themselves killed trying to imitate him (regardless of how hard he tries to keep them out of harms way, due to the setting nature that these characters have a very real chance of being literal children). it happens enough that the author calls it out as his "curse" at one point, and he requests not to be given any more junior officers, as they keep dying, and the only one who does survive the whole saga is a chronic drunk with no delusions of imitating his boss.
heh i really like this as a villain dynamic especially a secretly caring boss in reaction to the bodyguard dieing to save them getting a love power up mid boss fight and suddenly the audience realizes this villain might not be as cold and evil as they thought or they remain straight up evil devouring there dragon pushing them further down the evil scale
When talking about the big guy to smart guy, is that Gideon and Harrow from the locked tome series 😆
One of the most important types of right hand man is the "Enforcer" one right hand man. The character that in the absence of his boss, serves as his representative and enforces his will where and on who need be, making sure things run swimmingly. This kind of character can sometime become the face or the the main associated being to an organization. The best examples of this kind of right hand man are Darth Vader and Azula, who each became the symbol of the evil entity which they were serving.
Ngl this episode resulted in some intense recovered memories of Jackie Chan Adventures and, really, underrated show tbh???
Epithet erased fans say it with me now IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS IGNUS
The reason the Dragon is called the Dragon is because the Dragon usually represents the immediate physical threat.  Imagine the Dragon rampaging in the Hero's hometown as the Big Bad broods ominously in his Spooky Tower.  For example, in Star Wars, Vader is the biggest direct threat to the protagonists for most of the original trilogy.  In Willow, Sorsha is a much more direct threat before her Heel-Face Turn.  In the typical Arthur-Mordred-Morgana story with Arthur as the good-guy, Morgana is the Big Bad in the background as Mordred is the immediate threat to Arthur.  The Witch King of Angmar is a bigger threat to Frodo and the good guys while Sauron sits in his tower and is a spooky presence in the background.    Per TV Tropes:  The Dragon drifted over time and is now the right hand of the Big Bad, sometimes being the Evil Counterpart of the heroic Number Two as well. It was originally intended to mean something like a "penultimate threat," or an antagonist that's a more physical challenge for the protagonist before they face the Big Bad as a mental challenge. The redefining reflects the trope's visibility and the various sub-tropes that regard The Dragon as evil's #2.
You got the brawn!  I got the brain!  Let's make lots of money!
Was waiting to see a clip of Right Hand Man from Henry Stickmin, and yes that’s his literal name in the game, which does fit the trope very well at being the Dragon to the Tophats leader being the Villain. And was loyal through and through.
I think my favourite-ever villain-who-is-actually-friends-with-his-dragon dynamic was in Person of Interest, with Elias the mob boss and his hilariously on-brand henchman Scarface. It was a major plot point, twice, that this apparently very smart villain could be relied on to do something *really stupid* if his favourite mook was in danger.
My favorite version of the dragon ascending trope is when the dragon feels that the villain has lost sight of their original evil goal and usurps them.
7:46 oh wow, nice work on using Steven Universe for both of those variants, that's really well spotted I totally didn't realise that that was a thing until just now!
Some of my favourite Right-Hand Persons: Shego to Dr. Drakken from _Kim Possible,_ because she's amazing and also was one of my first crushes (yes that's right, Kim can suck it Shego's way hotter); and Zhu Li to Varrick from _Avatar: The Legend of Korra,_ because she's again amazing and I love her and also did you know that 助理 (Zhùlǐ) is literally Chinese for assistant? Talk about a speaking name.
your talking about the villain relationships helped me think about the big bad and his lackeys in a story i'm writing! thanks :)
Artimis fowl and Domavoi Butler from the BOOK not the movie. NEVER the movie! Artimis Fowl and Butler are the best example
5:47 agree 100%
Soooo....all versions of Soundwave especially the prime version??
The ending part about unequal villain loyalty is actually something that comes up in My Hero Academia with its dragon Shigaraki.  He is pretty much raised by the Big Evil as a "son" only to latter learn that he's destined to become his new body host.  Though before that comes into play Shiagaraki basically makes his own group of villains that are rather loyal to each other and come off as actual genuine friends, even having their own mini arc in the series where they are the "heroes" and are menaced by a bigger, badder group.
Interesting how the loner archetype lines up so well with how the last few days of Jesus' life were recorded in the Gospels. It seems some tropes are just tropes, and others are almost essential story elements in everything from religion to mythology to fiction and even perhaps reality.
Soundwave is Megatron's dragon.
I've based so many OCs, especially female ones on Riza Hawkeye that a few years ago I started to become a bit uncomfortable with the trope, especially when I saw a video talking about a character test that was designed to, not specifically determine if the character was good, but something that could lead to it being good or bad, and one of the factors it used was whether or not the character exists to be a support for another character, or something like that, specifically as it pertained to female characters. It's been a while and I could be misremembering the point or intention of the test, but I remember the test was based on the female lead from Pacific Rim(Can't remember her name atm.) Regardless, nice to see that OSP likes the Riza Mustang dynamic. That puts me at ease a bit.
I was hoping to see Tintin and Captain Haddock.
Mabey there called dragon because how many times in fantasy douse the villain ride a dragon
Making this comment before watching the video: This is one of my favorite tropes and I'm excited to see y'all break it down. Thank you for what you do!
Man, I forgot what a great duo Hawkeye and Mustang were
My favorite kind of villain is the psychic parasite where the person you think is the bad guy is actually being controlled by a either a literal biological parasite of some sort or a psychic monster feeding off them as a host like yami bakura from yugioh or myotismon Possessing Yuki Oikawa in digimon adventure 02 or loptr Possessing balder in Bayonetta
Favorite exploration of the Right Hand Man trope: Gideon the Ninth. The main and POV character is the right hand man, but forced to be so. Absolutely fascinating character development
The Epic Of Gilgamesh was 1st!
There is an example unmentioned in this video who's  only title I've in the routes the end up in charge is the right hand man in Henry stickmin
So proud of Starscream, he got a trope named after him! You go, king!
thought this was about a man with two right hands first
The inclusion of hollow mind in this hurt like a mf truck I was not ready at all
I personally love the smart guy right hand man especially if it’s a villain
Makes sense. Palpatine may be quite powerful and fearsome in his own right, but Darth Vader is f***ing scary.
Idea for a trope talk: The hero/sidekick who turns out to be better at villainy than the villains. I'm specifically thinking of the episode of Kim Possible where Ron and Drakken have their personalities altered, and Ron turns out to be so much more dangerous that She-Go ditches Drakken and adopts Ron as her new "boss".
16:06 this immediately reminded me of power rangers lightspeed rescue were the demons were loyal to queen bansheera but she saw them as as sacrificial pawns
12:44 this reminded me of kiramager for some reason.... although i am pretty sure yodonna was at that moment in full copium mode 15:30 I am sad there is no mention to the villains the brain and monseiur mallah from doom patrol season 3. who were friends for literal decades, and even spend retirement together (and if the writers weren't cowards about showing evil gay characters (because that's the only explanation i can think of given that show has had many other LGBT characters in previous seasons), they would have probably flat out say they were married, or at least in love with each other like the comics). BUT the moment the brain seems to fall back into villany, monseiur mallah flat out abandons him. because for him, villany is in the past and just wants to spend retirement peacefully
Back stab button
Kinda funny you show clips of Transformers Prime, but you don't show SOUNDWAVE, who, in that series perfectly fit the trope of "right hand man that is possibly more badass than their boss". Given how Starscream, always tried to please Soundwave even when Megatron was legit gone or comatose, to keep his leadership role in early episodes. EVEN Starscream feared Soundwave 13:47 FINALLY... The MVP of that show's villains gets to appear
I think you forgot about the smart variant of the right hand man, aka the guy in the chair, or the operator/overwatch the best friend hacker
I think possibly my favorite buddy duo/right hand man pair is Wyatt Earp/Doc Holiday. Doc becomes the right hand man at the gun fight at the O.K. Corral. Then we get more invested after the murder of Wyatt’s brother Morgan. I’m well aware that historically speaking it wasn’t like that at all, I’m talking about the fictional aspect of the character. After all both Tombstone and Wyatt Earp are the same movie, but just can’t help but love Val Kilmer in that role. Lol
Also please cover the Crapsacharine World trope.
"Old Yeller", the best right hand man a boy could ask for. (salute)  May he rest in peace along with notorious b.i.g. and Tupac
I believe that The Dragon trope originate because in folklore the hero(s) would often fight a literal dragon before moving on to the (usually much weaker) final boss.
It's quite interesting that if you use 'badass' in an ethical sense, Sam is effectively Frodo's Right-Hand Man.
This video reminds me of why I Love FMAB and why Royai is lit.
Oftentimes I find the right-hand man more interesting than the character they're lackeying
So building off the Transformers Prime example, Megatron’s “dragon” would be Soundwave?
Bellatrix from Harry Potter comes to mind.   She's obsessed with both Voldemort and his ideology, but he doesn't give the slightest damn about her, as he is completely self-obsessed.   She's in love with him, and he'd kill her at the drop of a hat if she failed, which very nearly happened.
I kept thinking about Brad Pitt in once upon a time in Hollywood
Villain Best Friends is my personal favourite, but it's also really rare, to the point of going "fine, I'll do it myself".
I think my favorite example is Zabuza and Haku from Naruto. They had a lot going on to make that dynamic interesting
So berserk is all of these at the same time? Interesting...
Walter's betrayal was explained in a short insert, like 30 secs. Apparently, he was already recruited in the 40s as a sleeper agent. But then again, nobody watches Hellsing Ultimate for the narrative continuity
Bodyguard Betrayal are very common in Super Sentai Antagonists and I don't know why
I kind of like when the main protagonist takes their right hand man for granted and the rhm gets taken out of action or driven away because of this. Character development and angst.
14:25 "Hans, are we the baddies?"
there is also an interesting dynamic with the smart guy when he's the dragon instead of the BBEG. Typically he is the capable brains of the operation but he also tends to have some character flaw which limits his driving factor. Such as being squeamish or too detail-obsessed to move towards a goal while their BBEG is typically the overly ambitious type.
A really good example of a master-servant, Brain-Brawn, and bodyguard-principal relationship is that of Artemis Fowl and Butler.  (The book version, not the failed adaptation.)  Beyond Butler's steadfast loyalty to the family and his charge, and Artemis fully respecting what Butler does for him in furthering his plans, their dynamic evolves to a surrogate father-son relationship.  Their mutually loyalty and respect persists even after Butler is forced to retire after nearly dying too many times for Artemis and getting too old to efficiently do his job.
I always thought of the reason the villains right hand man was called "The Dragon" was based in the types of stories where the villain isn't a physical threat if you can actually get into a fight with them, the evil wizard mind controlling a dragon type thing, and that's why the dragon can be so quick to betray them or end up becoming a bigger villain after the boss is taken care of, because now they're an ANGRY dragon. Basically I always took this one as being named based on a literal older used version of the trope. tldr, don't let evil wizards mind control dragons.
I think the villain's Right Hand Man is called The Dragon because it may have started with them being the villain's attack dog, and if the villain themselves isn't a dragon their loyal overpowered servant could be a dragon.  I think this reasoning is a bit outdated, as for some time dragons have not been exclusively evil narratively and often are just apex hyper-predators rather than evil.  (Sort of how cats would look at mice.)  Dragons are often "bonded" by some way to a master or rider, this may also have contributed. An interesting reason why the Dragon mite betray the Villain may be because the Dragon's loyalty was to the cause and not the Villain.  If the Villain got too egotistical and megalomaniacle putting the execution of the cause at risk, then the cause may need a new leader.  I think we've seen this in real history also, where the cause or office garnered more loyalty than who occupied it. And Azula being "thrown off her game" is such a subtle understatement.
FUCK YEAH, ATLANTIS
Shigo and Drakken <3
So glad to see the Mustang-Hawkeye relationship here. Riza makes him, and the whole crew and the show overall so much stronger
Starscream isn't a dragon your right. A better example of dragon in transformers would be Soundwave or Shockwave
The Tangled the Series example with Cass is PERFECT
I've recently been read a comic(cartoon? I'm not quite sure what they are.) called Spiritpact. It's interesting to see the breakdown of the right handman archetype and related explorations of its narrative potential.
My favorite type of Bodyguard Betrayal, is in Dimension 20’s A Crown of Candy, Calroy the piece of cake smuggling weapons and arms to enemies of the country and saboteurs and assassins all in an attempt to kill his King, his Lord, his friend he fought in wars with. All to gain power
Wolf's Rule of Mob Psychology: Take the average intelligence of the members of a group, then divide it by the number of people in that group. This explains so much.
The Dragon is not the Starscream there the Soundwave.  Honestly Megatron and Soundwave is my absolute Dragon and Boss combo
Is it possible to chain villainy right-hands? Like, say we've got the main bad guy with a handful of dragons. Say the #1 dragon grows a conscience and decides that maybe the villain is taking things a little too far and, in trying to pump the evilness brakes, the villain decides that having this dragon around is now a liability and does something villainous to remove that dragon. Pretty typical so far. But what about that particular display of ruthlessness shaking the loyalty of the other dragon(s), ultimately leading to them leaving team bad guy? Does that count under the right-hand man trope or is that something entirely different?
*gasp* the princess of evil/the servant of evil fit this dynamic!!!!  Overlord also fits this, obviously
Villain x loyal servant is my FAVORITE ship dynamic.  Right now DR. Robotnic x Agent Stone is what I've been reading recently, but there's others
Starscream. So iconically bad at his job he became the name of his own trope.
I would love to see you guys make a video about Transformers Prime that show was so unappreciated tbh :(
I think the title "The Dragon" may have come from media where a literal dragon was a big enemy, but not the villain of the piece.  I presume, by context, where it came from had the literal dragon actually under the villain's control.  I'd be inclined to posit Maleficent, but we all know she was the dragon herself.
While it's more common for villains to have a toxic relationship / friendship with their sidekicks, i also like instances where a hero / side character who is mostly good still has an unhealthy, toxic or even abusive relationship with their right-hand man; since it shows that anyone can be toxic, not just a villain.   Examples of this are Rose and Pearl from SU (this is much less abusive and more of an unhealthy obsession from Pearl), Varrick and Zhu Li from LoK (Varrick was positively abusive to Zhu Li and treated her as a tool), Chase Deveneaux and Julia Argent from Carmen Sandiego (Chase isn't a full-blown abuser and definitely has good intentions, but he still bullied Julia a lot and made light of her skills).
Kind of surprised Smithers and Mr. Burns didn't make an appearance. It might be the longest running dynamic of the type in cartoons. Although Smithers obviously has different strengths than the dragons in more typical adventure/fantasy fiction.
What’s the show/movie at 12:25
i still think Shego and Dr. Drakken are my favorite example of the villain and dragon. Drakken is a relatively wimpy guy on his own, and it's Shego's abilities as a sarcastic ass-kicker that really makes him viable as an antagonist.
At 3:46 is that Gideon and Harrow the Ninth?
The first name that came to mind when i read the title: Owen Burnett. Also, i wish she would've touch on the over loyal right hand men, like with Wailon Smithers
completely ready for all the arcane scene clips in future vids xD
The Monarch and Henchman 21.   That is all.
Best right hand man as I see it is Watson in the RDJ Sherlock Holmes movies they seriously carried each other through both movies hands down XD
My theory on why TVTropes calls it "the Dragon" is because in fantasy dragons are traditionally dangerous and powerful threats to the heroes, but not THE biggest bad out there (for example, in Lord of the Rings, Smaug was the one the dwarves wanted to take down, but Gandalf was worried about the more dangerous, far-off evil that was Sauron). That being said, I'm not sure how they got to the conclusion of making the Dragon apply to right-hand men, since dragons tend to be solitary figures.
I think we found Arakawa's favorite trope
huh...that's a funny association I never made: "Spiderman" is more of a choosy magical artifact attached to a character than it is a character, and that includes how it is treated in-setting: multiverse shenanigans are commonplace with the character and unlike with most of those multiverse things you don't see a bunch of iterations of the same person, instead you see a bunch of very different people being The Spiderman.
The Last Sovereign (NSFW) plays this trope really well as the MC usually takes down each Boss by seducing their Dragon partners to his side.
Favorite example of the right-hand dynamic: Profeon and the blue-lipstick guy from "Dungeons & Dragons"
ted lasso is a good example of a right hand man betraying the trust of a boss, but on the good side.
Dragon Ascendant! I finally have a phrase to describe Kefka from FF6
I beg on hands and knees, please watch Hannibal (tv show); I would love to have your feedback on how the show handles and/or destroys troupes. It's on Hulu.  OSP is one of the best channels on YouTube and I respect your opinion AND I think you would actually like the show. Thank you for considering/reading this.
god you need to wach one pice
Tony stark is all right hand men; pepper, Rhodes, and happy (bodyguard)
5:43 I checked the current "The Dragon" page on TV Tropes, and I couldn't find it, but I recall (which could be wrong, I might need to check the Trope's history page...) a mention of the etymology of the trope being that in the original _Dragon Quest_ the evil wizard Big Bad has a _literal_ dragon that works as his direct subordinate and is one of the two final bosses along with the wizard himself, and that might be the origin of the term. EDIT: I found it, and I was too specific in the example, but correct on the idea. The reason the trope has the name it does is simply because in a _lot_ of fiction, the hero has to fight monsters, often dragons, to get to the villain who's behind all the evil and usually has something to do with the monsters, just like how a villainous Dragon is usually the one the hero has to take down first in order to get to the Big Bad in stories.
Actually transformer prime Starscream is very smart and competent. He really only fails because the plot says so or because Megatron proudly sets him up for failure. Megatron keeps Starscream so he has a scape goat when things go wrong.
Not sure if it counts as a trope, but I once wrote a stoy where the plot twist was that the dragon was in fact the big bad villain mastermind all along. The villain was there he was plotting and ordering underlings around but in the end we see he was just stupid and did not realize that the dragon was the one actually running things behind his back.
Walter's betrayal is weird, but the lore behind it is he is a mole planted there by Millennium to take out Alucard when they started WW3.
"Dragon to villain"  Make's sense to me to look at "Dragon" as "Drag-On". As in, they're dragged on to becoming the villain through the means of the script writer/novelist.  I'm retarded, so take this sudden thought off the top of my head with a truck load of Morton's. lol
One piece’s Zoro do be defined almost entirely by his badassery and his undying loyalty, Sanji also counts tho coz they’re the wings of the pirate kings but I think zoro takes the right hand man role where sanji takes the underhanded assassin of the boss
Pure loyalty dragon could be a good tool to shake up the protagonist's belief system or strategy. I mean there is no use to reveal that "the Villain was going to betray you" when the dragon doesn't care.
Oh thank god I thought Hawkeye in the thumbnail was Robin from Fire Emblem Awakening and I was so worried that Red had played Fire Emblem
"A person is smart, people are stupid" Agent K.  So, like how two political parties can only think about passing their own agendas without looking at the facts  (looking at you democrats) while others do the exact same thing and it fails horribly?  And how their constituents are only able to accept the dogma laid out by said party and not ponder the implications of certain acts?  Like oh, I don't know, saying that planned parenthood is good when you'd be allowing actual babies to be aborted. Babies that, if my research is correct, show sentience as early as four months?
Something something Hamilton
Reminds me of Haku from Naruto!
We need the jungle classic summerized
I was kinda surprised the rule of 2 never came up.
Just like how Pinky is the right hand man of Brain... ... or rather right hand mouse
Best Right Hand Man-Hero combo: Willie Garvin for Modesty Blaise
What about Left-Hand Man?
Thanks for the video :)
My fave Dragon Redemption is Toru from Jackie Chan Adventures.
Cower Before Maliketh. Marika’s Black Blade.
6:18 YESSS!!!!!
Great now I need a gay love story between 2 villains
Can't believe you made a right hand man video without talking about Reginald Copperbottom and RHM from Henry Stickmin 🙄 /j
I feel there is one variation you overlooked, the one where the right hand man carries on after their boss falls, often out of genuine loyalty. They are determined to see their boss' visions through to success even if they have to take over.
surprised that the devil and king dice from cuphead weren't used as an example for "villain and dragon"  - king dice appears in his own boss fight and at the passage of each isle, while the devil doesn't appear until the very end, which fits the "right hand man being seen more than their boss" thing - king dice appears to be the brain to the devil's brawn. he's much more charsimatic, analytical and calculated than his boss (fittingly, in the show, king dice is loved and respected while the devil is hated and feared) - in the show they have a very interesting relationship befitting of "villain and dragon" duos. dice is extremely loyal to the devil and is devastated when he loses his job, while the devil doesn't appear to care (he also calls him a "good-for-nothing lackey" in the game) - they're probably gay
"Bodyguard sacrifice" *immediately thinks of LOGH's Kircheis*
Did anyone else think of Doctor Draken and Shego when red brought up the villain/ dragon subcategory?
The right hand man is the best character in any series. Fight me.
Snarky right-hand men are always a boon to the villainous part of the story. Having a bombastic main villain and a more serious and often sarcastic second-in-command is one of the most hilarious to watch evil duos.
I was hopping that Drakken and Shego would pop up in this talk.  I feel that their "Right-Hand Man" Dynamics is weird.   He is the main bad but she is smarter, has more raw power, more combat power and is in more control. Often is Drakken the fool and is the reason to plan fails and Shego is the reason to the plan almost worked.  Drakken do build the machine and somehow pays for everything (can someone explain that?) but why she is with him when she is so much more powerful.
Yessss the Gideon/Harrow cameo
What's the example footage around 6:30 with the person taking stilettos way too literally? Also 10:12
"The Dragon" sounds like it might come from the wheel of time series. The Villain in that story is obsessed with converting the protagonist, the Dragon, to work as his right hand. He  believes that the pair would be unstoppable, and the story I've read so far agrees. Their relationship is like with Anakin Skywalker and Palpatine, if Anakin knew Palpatine was evil from the start.
Gazelle and Valentine from Kingsman are adorable
No examples of Dr. Evil vs Number Two. Tragic.
I'm working on a story where the bad guy has their best friend who they would die for and who occasionally reigns in their worse schemes The main two heroes hate each other. Just- completely can't stand one another, the only reason they're working together is that one was sent on a quest and their parents are friends so the second was told to go with and help protect them, and he's desperate for his parent's approval so he agreed (even though they both hated it) They get along fine with the rest of their team, hell they get along better with the bad guy and their friend than they do with each other I just thought it was a fun shake-up :)
The Alternate term of right-hand is The Dragon.
I was just watching Hamilton lmfao
So I've played the right hand man in my larp and became an interesting story arch. So being the gallowglass mercenary that I am I was hired by the queen as bodyguard and champion. I followed my duties very well as long as I was being paid. I wouldn't even except higher offers for betraying because it would ruin my reputation. But when the queen step down and put a regent in place my contract was nullified. Now a free agent I was hired by rival noble who hired me to assassinate the regent and prince and start a war. I was able to get close because they thought I was still allied to them. I killed the regent but the prince got away. I'm now the court's executioner and I'm still hunting for the prince.
When you're outgunned, outmanned, outnumbered, out planned you know you're gonna need your right hand man.
Of course they boys praises gets sung to high heaven and back but homelander having been a dragon the entire time while believing he was the boss (and then despite the real boss never getting back after the dragon ascendency the company still falls apart). Just an extra lesser seen dynamic
one of my favourite villian dragon dynamics came about recently in Obi Wan, Reva effectively serves as Vader's dragon and they set up the typical dragon stab villian in the back thing but the part I liked that was unique was that she was never truly loyal and she was planning the backstabbing all along, a simple twist on a typical dynamic but it worked well
While not technically a “Right Hand Man” situation, I think that the villain who cares about their underlings trope is what makes Hank Scorpio the best villain of all time. He’s such a genuinely good boss that you almost don’t mind that he’s a bond level supervillain.
Orochimaru and Kabuto fight like a married couple…it’s hilarious considering how awful they both are…I still remember the scene of orochimaru whining he wants to go home while kabuto chides him saying he has to clean his kunai or they’ll get dull. Coupled with sasuke acting like an angry father demanding to know where they were it..was kinda surreal.
Been waiting for the entirety of the video to hear you sing 'right hand man' from Hamilton over the credits. Was really surprised when it didn't happen
...is doofenschmirtz Perry's right-hand man?
just watched expanse and last season has every thing she talked about
British amiral Crook got ships on the water 22 000 troops in New York harbor
This vid made me realize why I love Castlevania’s Isaak: He’s a dragon that lost his master. It’s a very interesting twist, especially given that Dracula saved his life, so now Isaak has to find a new motivation. It’s also a stark contrast to basically all of Dracula’s court who betray him in some way or form, especially Carmilla (but I mean… we all knew she was gonna betray him the second she stepped into the room).  Castlevania plays with this trope a lot after season 2, especially with Carmilla.
3:42 Hiiiiiiiiiiiii Gideon and Harrow ❤️
Love it when the season 1 villain gets killed by the actual villain and their dragon has to become a main character together with the hero group, because they both have a bone to pick with the actual villain  That does happen, right?
8:16 Reinhard and Kercheis flashbacks T_T
I love that you used Cassandra from Tangled the series as an example. There has been forshadowing that Cass will betray Rapunzel and Cass has trust issues. Also Tangled the series is criminally underrated. The characters are so fun and the dynamics are awesome. Especially Varian and Eugene’s. Speaking of which, Varian is in some sense, Eugene’s second in command. Seeing as he kinda takes Cassandra’s place after her betrayal and the fandom considers him Rapunzel and Eugene’s lil brother or son.
I think good examples of a Dragon/Villain relationships also are Specktra and Gus, and Masquerade and Haljeed  All of which are from Bakugan.  Masquerade being an example of a Dragon turning good.  And Gus seeing the Villain as a master and both of them having respect for eachother.
The Hellsing Ultimate example is immensely ammusing to me, precisely because it is so confusing. To sum it up, the whole thing is about monsters fighting monsters (some times for the sake of protecting humans), and the villains are basically just monsters who have lost their purpose and are now looking for someone, anyone, to fight, aiming for said op protagonist. And in that context, I like to think of Walter's betrayal at the end as him just fitting into that scheme: he fought for all his life, but now he is too old and the protagonists have basically replaced him in his job. He can't handle that, so, he chooses to become a monster himself, so he can keep fighting one last time.  Anyway, loved the discussion of the trope and the way the examples were presented, these videos always bring up so many interesting memories, really gets me thinking and I love it
Hamilton peeps rise up
hey, i actually accidentally flipped the “rhm cares for the villain but the villain doesn’t care about them” dynamic completely on its head, and i didn’t even notice! in one of my stories, the main “bad guy” duo of the comic are a lady and her general, who also happens to be her son. in her own way, the lady actually cares about the general, and while he does serve as an extension of her will in politics and the battlefield, it’s kind of obvious she also harbours some motherly love for him - there is a scene i have drafted that reminds me of mufasa showing simba all of their kingdom between them, but. evil? i guess?  the whole deal between the lady and the general is that it *seems* like a mutually familial (though pretty dysfunctional) relationship, with the both of them having the same goal, but as the story goes on, it becomes increasingly more and more clear that while the lady cares and trusts the general with her life, the general frankly does not give a single shit and would rather do everything himself, but needs support from her for now because of how she’s established herself politically. it’s not a gradual hatred like suggested, in fact i’m planning the foreshadowing out so that if you look back and re-read the comic it’s pretty obvious that the general has his own wants and never cared in the first place. this comes in at the 3rd act breakdown, where the general breaks through a curse that was put upon him to weaken him down and becomes the much more terrifying and formidable alternative villain, who ends up fully betraying the lady and killing her. it’s interesting to me that the only thing i needed to flip this dynamic is adding a partial dependence of the right hand man to their boss, but only up until certain conditions are met, and it wasn’t even that bad of a work environment! come on, general, at least your mother had SOME ethics!
TIL Darth Vader is a Right Hand Man
I was under the impression that all/most Boss/Right Hand Man relationships were Bad Guys, but ok
4:38 I legit thought of Black Butler omg—
I love the we good you tell me boss image
Catra and Scorpia have one of my favourite story lines. Catra knows how much Scorpia cares about her but after the ‘betrayal’ of Adora she’s afraid to care about anyone. Even so, Scorpia leaving absolutely destroys Catra. Catra reminds me a lot of Zuko in her character
Would the relationship between the great sage and rimuru count as this trope
I'm surprised you didn't show anything about the Toppat Clan's Right Hand Man.  That's literally what he's called. And he's a total badass, too.
Big guy to smart guy are totally John Reese and Harold Finch from person of interest
10:44 Makes it more boring too. I love me a good right hand man trope so if you’re going to mess that up you better have a damn good reason why. This was basically the point where that show lost me fully. I was already kinda done with it after it killed off the funny merc (and the gorn had long since moved into “boring” territory) but this clenched it. The only reason I know how the show ends is because I watched the abridged version.
This video is just repeatedly highlighting how peak fmab is
Hunter! 🙏
I'm surprised Sevika from Arcane wasn't brought up. Since her goals/motivations are kind of unclear on a *first watch, it's difficult to assess her loyalty and makes her character interactions with Vi and Jinx really interesting. Also how both the audience and characters in-universe are surprised when it looks like she's going to betray Silco but remains loyal instead.   Arcane in general is great for trope talks given how many tropes the show likes to use and subvert.
Maul and Savage in Clone Wars: Savage sees Maul as his beloved brother instead of his Sith Master. Maul claims that he doesn’t see Savage as anything other than his lowly apprentice, but when Savage is killed by Palpatine, Maul completely breaks down
The most terrifying person in the bible isn't the devil or Satan but God's right hand man
The most terrifying person in the bible isn't the devil or Satan but God's right hand man
I disagree on Stsrscream bring bad at his job, at least in Original Transformers. Starscream's plans were usually working until.Megatron interfered.
TALMAES IS THE BEST RIGHT HAND MAN FIGHT ME
6:40 Where is that beautiful animation from?
Does anyone else have strong opinions about the body swapping trope?   I personally don’t ever enjoy them but I’m still trying to figure out why
You think you could do the trope where villains are given a chance to redeem themselves, only to refuse (I like to call this one, the “nah” trope)
If only kircheis was here
hmmm i just realized Itto and Kuki are a twist on the smart boss, tough right hand man part of this trope
A right hand man that I haven’t seen mentioned yet: Doctor Strange and Wong, particularly with Doctor Strange In the Multiverse of Madness. See, in the previous Spider-Man movie, it was established that Doctor Strange didn’t get the sorcerer supreme title due to a technicality, and instead goes to Wong, making Wong the boss. This makes Doctor Strange the right hand man, and this is shown throughout the film as he takes an extremely active role in trying to protect America from the scarlet witch.
No amount of disrespect to overly sarcastic productions. However I would be doing my african american heritage a disservice if i didn't mention that villain relationships are best described in the boondocks  “We know that n**ga can create conflicts known as n**ga moments (N*G·GA MO·MENTS : - noun: Perpetual conflict between n**ga over trivial or ignorant things.) HOWEVER n**gas can also create bonds with each other also based on ignorance, this bonding is called n**ga synthesis (N*G·GA SYN·THE·SIS: - noun: Perpetual bond between n**ga over trivial or ignorant things) unlike the bonds of friends and family (Which are mutually beneficial) n**ga synthesis is based on a mutual appreciation for ignorant or trivial things. Now when a n**ga moment collides with n**ga synthesis you get a complete f*cking disaster!” –Stinkmiener
If someone could possibly recommend me books with romantic villain dragon tropes that'd be amazing!
Amos from the expanse is my gold standard for this. He doesn't trust his moral code since he is so violence prone, so attaches himself to people who he thinks are "good" so that he isn't doing bad things for bad reasons.
One of the greatest feelings is waking up with a new trope talk video 😩
not to be an azula fanboy on main, but OF COURSE she didn't betray her dad– she's fourteen and he's literally the ONLY adult that's ever been remotely supportive of her. she found out when she was like ten that her granddad had no problems with offing a grandkid to make a point, her mom repeatedly talked about her like she was a rabid animal within earshot of her, and her uncle has no problem goading her older brother into fighting her for power despite having said previously that he couldn't fight his own evil younger sibling bc it would look bad. one of her only two "friends" (in quotes bc lbr she doesn't have any proper understanding of how normal social relationships work) backstabs her for the person she's built her whole life around needing to be better than (bc, again, she will quite literally become disposable if she's not), and then her OTHER "friend" backstabs her for the first friend.  as the audience, we see this as "well yeah duh" bc she's not a very good boss (i love her but good grief she treats mai and ty lee like crap sometimes. it's actually a bit sadder imo bc she clearly DOES like them, she just has no clue how to do it), but again, she was fourteen and the only person who'd been standing by her the whole time was her abusive shithead of a dad. and then suddenly he ditches her for his moment of glory, and he does it by telling her that he needs her to run the nation bc he can't trust anyone else, and even tho she HAS to know that's bullshit (bc seriously if he's about to become "king of everything" then "sorta in sub-charge of one fourth of everything" is actually a downgrade), what's she gonna do? where else is she gonna go?  so suddenly she's effectively on her own, having been abandoned by the only person she believes cares about her and on some level, she knows he doesn't. this is what finally pushes her over the edge– she can no longer fully trust the person she devoted herself to, so how can she trust anyone? suddenly everything seems like a potential backstab; you can actually see her spiraling into paranoia pretty much as soon as ozai nyooms off to set everything on fire. and no one cares. ozai doesn't even ask after her. she's just... abandoned. and the worst part is, the majority of the cast not only has no obligation to give two shits about her, they're actually pretty damn justified in not caring at all. i can't imagine what i'd do if i was fourteen years old and had no support system whatsoever during probably the biggest mental health crisis of my life. i mean, i guess i *can* imagine, but it's not something they'd put in a kids' show....
Two things:  1.  Owen Burnett as the "Right-Hand Man" to David Xanatos in Disney's "Gargoyles."  He turns out to be Puck playing against type as the ultimate loyal straight main, but reveals his true identity to Xanatos after becoming fascinated by his schemes and gambits.  Given the option to employ Puck however he pleases, Xanatos continues to retain his services as Owen Burnett.  That might have been one of the most unique twists on this trope I've ever seen in entertainment media.  2.  Starscream essentially serves as Megatron's foil.  Soundwave is actually Megatron's 100% loyal "Right-Hand Man,"  so he would be the Dragon.  That was at least tacitly acknowledged in the clip   at 13:48 featuring Soundwave is mistakenly identified as "the Big Bad" and Airachnid as the Dragon.  Nope; Airachnid tried to take over when Megatron couldn't be located, and when she tried to take over and bully Soundwave into compliance, she wound up being the one forced to submit.  Or can the Dragon have a Dragon?  I hadn't thought of that...
Showing those X-Men 2 clips of Magneto and Mystique just reminds me how much I hated X-Men 3.
Do journey to the west
i really appreciate how star wars uses this right hand man trope to great effect. the rule of 2 as originally explained in the star wars movies and expounded upon in the many expanded universe novels makes the right hand man trope the key to the sith power struggle. each sith banks on the right hand man eventually betraying the master to become the new master, hopefully stronger than the previous. the constant sanctioned betrayal is what grows the power of each subsequent sith. i feel like its really quite cool. darth bane is a great book that i highly recommend reading, as well as darth plagueis (even tho disney has decided they arent canon anymore which is fucking stupid.)
Arthur Morgan fits this trope like a beautiful stolen glove.  He's a dragon, driven partly by Dutch's ideology, but even more so by the familial bonds of the Van-der-Lind Gang, which is why he ultimately betrays Dutch (if u can even call it a betrayal) and redeems himself by helping John, Jack, Abigail and Sadie escape the gang and the Pinkertons
One of my favorite Right Hand Man dynamics is when removing the hand only succeeds in making things far worse. Situations like the right hand acting as a moral anchor or power limiter for the boss and by killing them. For example when Frieza killed Krillin to spite Goku it caused Goku to become enraged enough to go super sayan and beat Frieza into paste (ignoring the fact that Krillin was FAR weaker than Goku he still acted as Goku's right hand by virtue of being his best friend). I do like this concept most though when the villain is actually given a foreshadowing of a redemption arc by showing a positive and caring bond between them and their dragon, only to have any hope of that arc scattered to the wind by the heroes taking the dragon out and making an otherwise affable antagonist go full genocidal villain due to no longer having any reason to care anymore.
I love how the right hands of the Magic casters are coming in with fire extinguishers ready.
An interesting twist on this trope is in one of my favorite Game Series- Overlord. You play as the evil overlord, going out and conquering the land, but your right hand man in the games is Gnarl. The main feature of the games is the minions, basically evil pikmin, and Gnarl is the oldest and most inteligent of them, the one that leads the group when they are between Overlords. The dynamic is a cross between the dragon and villian, and leftenate and Captain, built on a foundation of an inversion of the brain and brawn. Gnarl acts as the tutorial and guide Npc, like if Navi was an evil granpa goblin, so while he is your subordinate he is the one with the ideas and plots, helped along by the fact that like the link/navi pairing, the overlord is always a silent protagonist.  Is weird but fun, because despite being in the perfect position for an evil Vizier type scheme or two, Gnarl shows no signs of disloyalty, other than that he is loyal to the POSITION and not the person. Considering how you create minions throughout the games, how slavishly loyal all the other minions are, and how things tend to go down hill between overlords (necesitating the player go and gather up the minion hives and other objects to  enable their dark reign each game) Gnarl may not be able to rebel or backstab. The minions have loyalty baked into them from birth, Gnarl's experience and intellect just means that loyalty leads to more administrative and intellectual support. Going back to the Navi comparison I always enjoyed his guidance and dialogue, because while it did just lead you straight through the game, it was full of character and charm, and just differential enough to not feel like you were being bossed around, like a friend pointing out something while watching you play a game.  Another fun example is the pair of right hand men in the Downy Holmes movies. Watson is Holmes' right hand man, and the first film does good work showing why, and how they bounce off of each other, with the second doubling down on it and introducing Moriarty and Moran, as dark reflections of the heroes. Moriarty is well known but Moran less so, in the books he was an assassin, introduced in the Return of Sherlock Holmes, trying to kill Holmes in revenge for Moriarty's death, in the films he is still an assassin but also the Dragon going out and doing the more active legwork for Moriarty. Moriarty isn't as hands on as Holmes but is far from helpless, but Moran is the one who goes running after the heroes to shoot them dead, and the one going off to deal with loose ends and such while Moriarty mostly distances himself from things when possible. Both relationships are fun, but I find the implied history facinating. Holmes and Watson have certainly had plenty of adventures, but how did the relationship start isn't explored, both because we have the books and because the current change, Watson getting married and planning to leave the duo, is more interesting and more pertinent to explore. Moran and Moriarty have an even more mysterious relationship, because while Moriarty doesn't shy away from cutting loose ends, Moran is the one who does so, amongst other duties that imply high amounts of trust, making the origins of their partnership, and the motivations behind it, a fun unexplored story.
Tony Stark/pepper Potts, batman/Robin, roman/ neo,
Most people see themselves as the protagonist. I always saw myself as the right hand man to my friends. I’ve been a best man three times, a groomsman three times, delivered a eulogy, and been a pallbearer twice.  I don’t know if i’m a bad ass, but my life has been pretty good, all things considered.  Hell, i’m my wife’s right hand man.  Its a good life.
Amazing video breakdown (as usual) but I am a little sad there was no "Sasha and Grime" examples shown. Those two have a wonderful dynamic that evolved well. Though of course, can't expect to show *every* example, wonderfully done Red.
What the episode is called: "The Right Hand Man"  What it should be called based on the amount that Red spends on covering it: "THE DRAGON"
This trope talk reminds me how Red hasn’t read One Piece because my favorite right-hand man is our favorite Gym Bro Roronoa Zoro  Also I love how the betrayal of the boss is literally a part of the Sith philosophy where the apprentice is expected to betray the master and become the master.
Great video!
My favorite two examples of this trope are in A Practical Guide to evil. Scribe and Adjutant were two of my favorite characters and the series did a really good job of making them well rounded characters with their own priorities which doesn't always happen for with this trope.
There's also a scenario where the Villain ends up faltering in their plans, by having a change of heart or from realizing that they may be going too far and things are getting a little out of hand, leading the Dragon to backstab the Villain because "they are weak", but the Villain survives and escapes.   This can end up a couple of different ways. First, with the good guys now having to deal with TWO villains, with the Dragon having been smart enough to scheme his way into power and the now wiser-and-angrier Villain making a comeback to both punish/kill their treacherous former underling and deal with the annoying-and-no-longer-amusing good guys. Second, with the Villain potentially teaming up with the Hero/Heroes to take down the former Dragon-turned-Bigger-Bad, with the former Villain possibly pulling a complete "Redemption-Arc" flip and joining the good guys for real, as the token Dark Teammate or otherwise.  Another possible scenario is the reverse version of the 'Bodyguard Crush', where the Villain cares about the Dragon, but the Dragon doesn't return those feelings, either for reasons of professionalism or because the Dragon has...other plans. The Dragon 'pretending' to reciprocate the Villains feelings until they choose to drop the act is also an option. Two end results of this come to mind. One: the Villains' will breaks and they fall apart, diving headlong into a Villain Redemption Scene/Arc when they realize that none of their former motivations matter any more and helping the good guys becomes the right/only thing left to do. Two: the Villains' mind breaks and they completely loose their shit, because if their life doesn't have any more meaning, why should anything else? This can quickly spiral out of hand, with the good guys going from dealing with a difficult-but-manageable villain to now facing a completely unhinged "end-game final-form mega-boss" villain with nothing left to lose and no issues whatsoever with destroying everyone and everything in a "FEEL MY PAIN!!!" doomsday plot.  A grief-driven-earth-shattering-kaboom like this can also happen in a Bad End version of a Bodyguard Sacrifice where the Villain and Dragon genuinely care for each other and one of them gets hurt or killed, leading the other to disproportionally retaliate in a potentially-world-breaking fashion. If the hurt/dead member of the pair is healed or brought back, this can turn into a Redemption Arc, leading the evil duo to decide that having their partner is worth more than being evil. If the hurt/dead person is gone for good with no way of reversing this, then the Armageddon clock starts ticking. Sometimes, this can be resolved with the heroes talking down the bad guy in a "Is this what they would have wanted?" friendship speech, which itself can potentially lead into a Redemption Arc. Other times, "Suicide-by-Hero" is the only acceptable option to the Villain, with the Villain falling in a "tragic and emotional death scene" and the sympathetic Heroes morning the Villains' death and re-evaluating their personal motivations in their own character-building story arcs.  Interestingly enough, this can also happen to a heroic character, where something bad happens to a loved one and the hero breaks entirely, loosing all sense of morality or restraint and completely replacing/surpassing the original Villain as the new Big-Bad. The entire storyline of the Injustice League is a good example of this. =^x^=
Honestly, I aspire to be someone's right hand man.
i think one of my favorite dynamics involving this trope is Yano and Sekiguchi from ODDTAXI. they make for really fun characters and i think their dynamic has a lot of value
5:44 God the amount of subtropes of this trope that use "dragon" makes it obvious that the people who wrote the pages just REALLY like dragons and it is a bitch to clarify "no it does not mean literal actual dragon" because there is so many
The best ever example of this trope is Butler and Artemis from Artemis Fowl.
My favorite trope ;-;
I was just designing a D&D character where they, the bodyguard, betrayed their lifelong and increasingly evil partner, and now is struggling to find purpose without the relationship they based their life on. Kind of a tragic oath breaker paladin. And of course, along comes your trope talk about the exact dynamic I wanted to dissect. Perfect timing!
Aroace me *continually* finding out that characters I just love for supporting each other and vibing so much actually have an unspoken romantic/sexual undertone I completely missed. Flirting is an alien language.
I know this would sound a atad whiny but i think the english subtitle is a bit broken? But it's okay really i could still use the automatic one just thought you might want a heads up since i think it might not be intention since usually your subtitle works heavenly. Again, no shades super sorry😅
I mean Sam and Frodo have this dynamic, sooo, nice.
Thought the thumbnail said Bright-Hairan for a moment. Would love to see a video on whatever that might be 🤣
Algorithmic punch
🙌🏻
Oh Red's beautiful intelligent voice coming out of nowhere in my playlist, boom!
9:38 One REALLY interesting 'reversal' of the whole 'Bodyguard Betrayal' trope I've seen is when its the once-heroic BOSS who's spiraled into a full-blown villain-turn, but is also dragging the still-very-heroic RHM along and still expecting their unquestioning loyalty. Which of course leaves the RHM in an EXTREMELY awkward position of choosing between their loyalty and what they know is right. Either way this goes can be give some intense character drama and very spicy twists. Maybe the RHM takes the 'My Master Right or Wrong' approach and our heroes are forced to fight a former friend who they KNOW is an entirely good person for lots of tragedy points. Or the RHM does choose morals over loyalty and turns on their boss, which among other things can lead to a VERY tragic showdown between these two once-close comrades.
what would the left hand man be?
So, what is a Left-Hand Man?
I just realized that this trope very much applies to Silco and Jinx, with Jinx being Silco's right hand woman/insane child. One that'd fall under the category of caring for each other, but more so a father/daughter love rather than anything else. It's this relationship that even leads to Silco deciding he would rather keep Jinx safe than achieve his goals, and it even has a dragon backstab because Jinx thought Silco was gonna backstab her.
GIDEON AND HARROWHARK AW YEAH we love ourselves some codependent space necromancer murder lesbians
A good example is Sauron and Morgoth, where Sauron was more subtle and scheming compared to Morgoth who prioritized having powerful servants. When Sauron inherited the position (with shockingly little betrayal involved) he experience as second in command ended up making him a more threatening adversary.
Berserk has an interesting play on this trope, where Guts and Casca share the role of "right hand man" to Griffith.
“several love interests, a treatise on codependency, and the trope of the right-hand man” all right Red, no need to eviscerate like 75% of my favourite ships in one sentence 😅
Overly Sarcastic Productions: *Monkeys Spinning Monkeys in the background* Terrible Writing Advice: *Monkeys Spinninig Monkeys in the background* CROSSOVER CONFIRMED!
3:51 is that Gideon the ninth?
twist 4 drawing I had in a dream 4 month ago
3:50 griddlehark clocked
I really like the 'fixer'-style of right hand man, just the idea of someone very good at stuff that frequently does things behind the scenes. Lots of ways to use them in a story.
this trope has so much potential i didnt know about.
i am just imagining a zelda game where link (player character/bodyguard) collects the triforce (with zeldas help) and at the final boss against Ganon betrays zelda and completes ganons evil plan. and a second half begins where you are now zelda trying to stop link and ganon
the minions collectively share the role
In my story, I have a right hand (wo)man who is the brains while the hero is the brawn.  The woman starts out with strong feelings for the hero and her motivation is to always be reliable to him. I think the closest comparison would be the "Captain/Lieutenant" scenario since she basically runs the rest of the "crew" and it's kind of a set hierarchy. Over time though, she realizes that her feelings will never be reciprocated by the hero because he just doesn't see her that way. At first she is heartbroken but then she realizes that even though he doesn't see her romantically, he still values her and depends on her, and for her that's enough, and she is able to let go of those romantic feelings and (potentially) fall in love with someone else while still loyally serving as the hero's right hand woman.
Actually a little surprised that the mutually sweet villain-dragon relationship didn't use Stone and Robotnik from the Sonic movies. That was actually pretty adorable!
I love hellsing ultimate and Walter was one of my favorite characters so it was really surprising that he backstabbed integra
11:00 I find it extremely funny that the first thing I thought of when I heard that was the Tories and the DUP
Yes the Catra/Scorpia Dynamic!!
Ooo, this whole video makin’ me think about Book 4 of Twisted-Wonderland! Hehe Jamil and Kalim vibes.
I think that this trope is so cool in hunterxhunter with Gon and Kilua having a right hand man relationship that is also a friendship. but it is incredibly toxic
A variation on the Villain & Dragon dysfunctional relationship trope I've seen more recently is when the Dragon is genuinely loyal to the Villain and idealises them, which gets twisted when the Villain undergoes a Face Turn and the Dragon starts fighting to stop it.  It's a fun one because the Dragon is fighting to maintain the Villain's power but becomes the driving the threat in the story, undermining themselves. It can also add a lot of juicy nuance to a Face Turn as the Villain is forced to face the consequences of their past Villainous behaviour on which the loyalty was built on, especially if they weren't always a great boss.
My personal favourit of this trop is Tou from the manga kingdom.   His boss: One of the most feared warload of the previous era.  Him: A F'**K**G Meat Grinder
So many of these archetypes are Mustang and Hawkeye haha
Love how fma, transformers prime and toh are used as examples :')
Has an evil sibling trope talk been done?
I love how Starscream has become his own trope. He's treacherous and self-serving and it basically flips the idea of the groveling subservient role he pretends to be.
I prefer a left hand man since I'm already right handed. I loved your and Blue's superman diatribe and hope you make more!
I'm a simple gal, I see Roy Mustang and Riza Hawkeye on the thumbnail, I click.  They're my favorite anime pair of all time. And the fact that the author didn't push the romance subplot between them too hard is part of why I love them. They never got together romantically because they got bigger fish to fry than settling down and start a family, but they're together in their own way.
One variant I love is when for a while the right hand man seems just like a genetic support/secretary role for a badass character until they get into. A situation where the boss isn’t around or is incapacitated and it’s revealed they were kept around for a reason and they’re just as badass as their boss
I think my personal favorite "Right Hand Man betrays Boss" instance was in Star Wars Legends. Grand Admiral Thrawn, a tactical genius, was betrayed and murdered by his personal bodyguard and favorite assassin, Rukh. To really drive the whole thing home, in his last moments Thrawn wasn't even upset by the betrayal; his last words were "But... It was so artistically done".
I think a variation on this is the japanese script to (I think) the first Dragon Quest/Dragon Warriors involving a Big Bad who's literal pet Dragon, which is the Final Boss, comes in to fight the heroes after he's already been defeated.  Sorta plays as a Bodyguard avenging their Boss.
these trope talks can really improve a writer's writing by helping them understand certain tropes in either trying to come up with a way to break it, or an interesting way to fulfill them.
Suprised you missed the obvious "Boss gets taken over by more evil bad guy so Dragon has to help heroes save the Boss"
izzy hands and ed teach are if you took everything in this video, put it into a blender, and added half a bottle of everclear
You will never know how i got these likes
Thanks for this.
Red: *explains how characters are made unique by making them the only one who can do the job* Also red: *shows clips of into the spider-verse where there are several characters equally capable as the main hero and even considered leaving him behind because they could do it on there own*
This trope works curiously when leader character is of "heart" archetype. In this case №2 can be stronger, smarter and more competent then their boss. Usually used for comedy stories though. Also... Does armchair detective's assistant counts?
I think another Right Hand Man trope that is probably easy to lump in with Bodyguard to Badass is the Student to Mentor trope, where the Student who typically has some cool ability is being trained by a Mentor who makes the Student do all the work and only intervenes if badassery is necessary. This is often more of a temporary trope wherein a character is thrust into a duo as a part of their training, but it's still important since it has a similar authority dynamic to the Right Hand Man trope and it's seen in most training arcs, some school settings, and a lot of anime. Think of Mob and Reigen from Mob Psycho 100, Wing and Zushi from Hunter x Hunter, Yuji and Todo and Nanami and Ino from Jujutsu Kaisen, and Dredd and Cassandra Anderson from Dredd (2013) and Daniel LaRusso and Mr. Miyagi from The Karate Kid (1984) for Western examples.
No person is an island, but some characters are plot-tidal islands?
"the dragon becomes an immediately tragic figure, no matter how villainous they've been in the past" When Azula was defeated, Zuko wasn't happy. He barely seemed relieved. He was mostly sad. God that was a good show
One twist on this trope I really like is one that the Wolfenstein games seem to be fond of, that is, you have a villain and their dragon caring for each other, but it doesn't redeem them in the slightest. In The New Order, General Engel watches you kill her beloved boytoy, and frankly, it just makes her seem somehow less humane, since she's obviously capable of feeling but somehow actively has chosen to not only not care about a majority of humanity, but to actively hate it. Similarly, in The Old Blood, Sturmbannführer Jäger shows incredible empathy towards his dogs, but has no love for any human being, it seems. After you kill his favorite dog, Greta, he actually screams at you that she had no evil in her body and that, as an Untermensch, you are of incapable of understanding loving another living being.  I like this twist on the formula, especially since the trope so often is used to make us sympathize with people who, in turn, only show sympathy in very specific circumstances. It's almost cathartic to have them called out on their bullshit like this.
There's a quote I want my Almost-A-Villain Protagonist (ie, sort of like Fantasy X-Men, but from a demonically-empowered Magneto's perspective) I am planning to make that really shows how terrifying a truly mutual Big Bad/Dragon respect duo is.  "[My chief general and vassal] Duke Enyo is someone I have called my tool, yes. Everything he does has me as his wielder. But in your hubris and myopia, you were so focused on 'fellow noblemen' you forgot an important lesson you learn as a peasant - the carpenter is worthless without his saw, the knight is a victim without his sword, the farmer a starving man without a plow. I am *complementing* him when I say that - Enyo is my tool, and without him, I would be nothing. Why, in whatever rat's nest you call a brain, would I *not* come to his defense!?"
LotR is the best right hand man story.
I'd put forward Rukh and Thrawn (from Zahn's novels, not from Star Wars: Rebels where the former has basically no characterization) as a good example of a Dragon/Big Bad pair. Rukh is fanatically loyal to Thrawn, who he sees as the last true representative of the Empire that saved his planet, and Thrawn trusts Rukh with the tricky jobs that the Imperial Remnant's rank and file aren't competent or creative enough to handle. Sets the stage for some good intrigue later on.
One thing that made Kill la Kill so captivating in the first half of the series was the fact that the Elite Four were all loyal out of shonen-style respect for Satsuki, rather than just fear of her.
Anyone else caught that Gideon The Ninth reference at 3:48
3:43 I see Gideon there.
The fact that you didn't talk about arguably the best Right Hand Man, Samwise The Brave, hurts my soul.
What a coincidence I just started digging into this relationship that I have with one of my villains in my novel. Definitely the captain-lieutenant dynamic, but they also do honestly value each other as what I like to call a "professional friendship". As in, if they hadn't met as professionals, they'd be besties on equal footing. The right-hand man is actually someone in my world who "shouldn't" be so loyal to someone like his boss, but she won him over, she earned his loyalty honestly, to the point that deep down he's more loyal to her specifically than even the military and national construct for which they're fighting and represent. So when she starts traveling down her own redemption path, he's onboard with traveling down it with her, and they experience a redemption arc in tandem with each other.
4:40 I'm remembering Ascendance of a Bookworm, in which there are not one but two pairs of Badass + Bodyguard in the series (both badasses being brothers, and their bodyguards are father and son, and also baddasses of their own).
I thought this was going to be about right-handed characters.
One of my favorite sub-tropes of Right Hand Man is the right hand man that eventually becomes a bigger character than the person they serve. Some of my favorite examples of it are Legate Damar for Gul Dukat in Deep Space 9, Camina Drummer for Fred Johnson in The Expanse, and Bo-Katan Kryze to Pre Vizla in Star Wars.
I think the Villain and Dragon trope name comes from an old D&D/ high fantasy final boss trend. IE: final boss is a mindflayer or a magic undead and their lair is protected by a dragon.
This one's a bit unconventional, considering it comes from a Minecraft fan novel, but I think my favorite example of Dragon Redemption is from the Chronicles of Elementia. Leonidas, the dragon in this example, is one of many to the villain, Caesar, but Leo goes through his own character arc. By the second book, the reader's spent a lot of time with him, and they know his internal thoughts and his hesitancy to commit the atrocities he has. By the end of the second book, during the major battle that sees a lot of main characters dead/captured, Leonidas confronts Caesar in combat, fully catching the latter by surprise. Caesar, being a general, has seen very little combat, but still knows how to defend himself, while Leonidas has been fighting his whole life. It doesn't take long for Caeser to make a mistake and for Leo to put a few arrows in his head. From then on, Leonidas is a fugitive, all because he wanted out of Caesar's control and revenge for his family
Once you were dead because of your disobedience and your many sins. You used to live in sin, just like the rest of the world, obeying the devil—the commander of the powers in the unseen world. He is the spirit at work in the hearts of those who refuse to obey God. All of us used to live that way, following the passionate desires and inclinations of our sinful nature. By our very nature we were subject to God’s anger, just like everyone else.  But God is so rich in mercy, and he loved us so much, that even though we were dead because of our sins, he gave us life when he raised Christ from the dead. (It is only by God’s grace that you have been saved!) For he raised us from the dead along with Christ and seated us with him in the heavenly realms because we are united with Christ Jesus. So God can point to us in all future ages as examples of the incredible wealth of his grace and kindness toward us, as shown in all he has done for us who are united with Christ Jesus.
"I don't know why it's called a Dragon, it's a TV Tropes thing but it's badass so I'm not changing anything." You and me both Red, you and me both.
YEEES. Been wanting you to cover this one forever! tyyyy
I feel like the best version of this trope is Alucard for Hellsing. He is an absolute badass and is very VERY clearly more powerful than his boss, Integra but he only does things on her wishes and truly wants to protect Integra and later his own Right Hand Lady, Seras.
Technical note:  A right hand man can be a woman and be left-handed. In fact, it can be another animal or creature instead of a human. Youre welcome for this advice
Here's a twist:  The Dragon zealously guards their Villain, showing they're intensely loyal and badass. The Villain is rarely seen, and doesn't make speeches to their underlings. Fast forward to the heroic party assaulting the Villain's lair, and they manage to meet and defeat the Villain easily. Later, the Dragon confronts them and leaves the party looking pretty wrecked, then reveals the "Villain" they defeated was just a minion hired by the real Villain as a double. Fast forward to a point after this happens one more time, and the Dragon is revealed to be the real Villain: they've just been training and coaching others to act like the Villain so the Dragon had the ability to get their own hands dirty and ensure their plans were carried out properly.
I wonder how Verne's loyal servants (Conseil, Passepartout, Hans) fits in this
Krunk is best right hand man
I am insanely offended that you did not mention James Wesley from DareDevil nor Zoe Washburne from Firefly
I'm not going to say much since it's a good twist I don't want to spoil, but MSG: Iron-Blooded Orphans has so many good right-hand man pairs, highly recommend
my favourite thing with villain/dragon relationships where they actually do have a mutual care for one another is when the main villain literally dies because of how much they love their right hand man. Sometimes by self-sacrifice, sometimes because their emotions distract them at just the right moment, sometimes because the uncontrolled rage at the knowledge of their passing is the only thing clouding their otherwise flawless judgement.  for a really good example of this, see Tiger and Bunny 2 (spoilers), where the big bad tries to stop his right hand men from taking a drug that will greatly enhance their powers out of fear that they might get hurt due to it being more-or-less untested even though he's urged by the right hand men themselves, and by the higher-ups in his villain organisation. They take the drug anyway in order to try and impress their boss and when they're fighting the heroes it's revealed that most of the reason the right hand men do anything is to impress their boss, who was the only person to genuinely accept them for who they were as children, and even as adults he completely refuses to view them as his pawns, but instead treats them like family. And when the right hand men are dying after their fight, they can only think to teleport to their boss, who's mid-fight himself, believing that he can save them, causing him to turn his back to his opponent and in one last moment, he shows compassion for his surrogate children before being shot and killed.
I get that your videos always reference fictional stories, but I wish there was a mention the the greatest right hand man to ever exist ever. Where is Benkei?
I wish we could have had this as a two-parter, one for righthand man generally and one for dragon/villain dynamics specifically. I kind of feel like the general trope got lost in all the spice of the more specific form, which is the only possible justification for Samwise Gamgee being completely absent from the video.
I don't know if Faramir counts as a right-hand-man, but if he did he would be a rare case of a heroic right-hand-man with a boss who isn't really hero or villain, who gets emotionally back-stabbed before his boss realizes he really does love him.
What is the difference between a Right Hand Man and a Sidekick?
Riza from FMA is a great example.
0:28 - 0:46 - This is just reminding me of Agent K's brilliant talk with J in the first _Men In Black._
Why am I thinking of Ryza Hawkeye?
We need bingo cards for this, because I called like 3 of the shows red would reference.
Red pls talk about TOH on the OSPod
Me seeing the owl house clip: *dies of dopamine*
*i knew an island who was a man.* who later transitioned. but was still an island.
The whole part about the death of the right hand man reminded me of JoJo Part 5, where the motivation of the bad guys of Act 1 was the brutal death of 2 of their members by the big boss they all serve, and they decide to assassinate him. As they clash with the good guys they keep losing, not knowing that the good guys also want to kill the boss. The only one remaining in the bad guy group is the leader who is EXTREMELY pissed that their groups efforts to avenge their dead comrades at the start of the story only caused the group to die themselves. He fights the boss and ALMOST wins, which would mean that every one of the protagonists (except one guy) would survive to see credits, but the boss is the boss so it doesn't work out so well.
02:23 If the trope is "gender-neutral", shouldn't it be called "Right-Hand Person" before the sex of the character is established? Since a woman _can't be_ a man, no matter what some people tell themselves :-3
Something I liked a lot about the Lord of the Rings is how it bridged that gap between the MC and their support group with Sam pointing out that he can't Do the Thing for Frodo, but he CAN support Frodo in Doing the Thing! I think a lot of Chosen One and Last of Their Kind stories forget that.
A wacky example of this trope that comes to mind is in Tolkien's larger mythos with Sauron playing the role of the right hand man to his master Morgoth (funnily enough with Morgoth being the more prone to brute force out of the duo and Sauron not even being particularly badass in the myths, at least not in a physical manner.)
"As annoying and confusing as people can be people need people or they stop acting like people" is new favourite quote
There is an interesting variation on the Bodyguard/Mage trope in the Wheel of Tine series, because the Warders are magically bound to feel the emotions and direction of their Aes Sedai, and in some rare cases that bond was forcibly transmitted or imposed.
I smiled when I saw the owl house and was kind of sad when I saw scorpia and catra
Cool
I'm sorry, when you say dragon type and starsscream in the same sentence I think of hisone to misotan
As the video progressed, I just realized that Red broke down what my favorite ship dynamics are. WELP.
I like the right hand man to be the powerful mini boss then the villain to be the final boss
I guess Volga in hyrule warriors took the whole "dragon" name a bit too literal
Brilliant video!
7:40 like Robitnik and Stone in the Sonic movie
Kaguya-sama: Love is War’s RHM dynamics are so fun.  Shirogane and Kaguya’s romance with Kaguya being his RHM;  Kaguya’s tumultuous opinion of Chika being her RHM;  Ishigami secretly being Iino’s RHM after her bestie ends up in a relationship.
One of my favorite manga had an arch just end with a villain dragon dynamic in which the entire shtick of the villain for a while was about how he totally didn't care about his subordinates and they were all expendable only to learn his dragon is the child of the dude that killed his family that He's kept and protected all this time for self proclaimed unfathomably evil reasons.
So, one reference I think would enrich this analysis a bit would be: Neon Genesys Evangelion. Shinji, I think (and, to some extent, all EVA pilots and most characters in the story) work for most of the story as Shinji's father's henchmen. Though one could argue Rey is his actual right hand woman, I'd say that Shinji (kind of as a consequence of being the main character) ends up doing a lot of the heavy lifting and could be considered as "the one his father relies upon when everyone else failed" (even if he himself doesn't realize that) and, despite Shinji's reluctance, he does get the job done most of the times (or his mech does it for him). He'll, the manga STARTS with Shinji being called upon to fight because everyone else failed and he does it, for the good or the bad.  I think it is interesting to analyze the story with Shinji as the right hand man in an abusive relationship who slowly figures out he needs to get out of it.  It's even more interesting because, usually, right hand men who get away switch sides or just don't come back. As they aren't the main characters, their stories are often shortened and their switch happens in the end, or the most dramatic moment, while Shinji, like the depressed person he is, refuses, then accepts the call, runs from home, comes back, and takes his damn time making up his mind.
Protagonist right hand man's are so forgettable that I immediately thought that this was a video on the villain's loyal henchman trope who either isn't a bad guy but incredibly loyal to a bad guy or even more villainous and seeking to overthrow the villain.
In your talk about comanders and dragons, you reminded me of a very powerful story dynamic that I've seen pulled off and explained why it is so effective:  When the villain/dragon dynamic proves to have more empathy than the hero/subordinates.   While this works well in any rag-tag group, I was reminded of a very clever show where the audience was dropped in the middle of a war and watched as this summoned underdog rose to power... at the very climax where the hero beat the dragon, the villain emerged with overwhelming strength only to retrieve his dragon's body and issue the surrender of his land....  Yes, the hero (and audience) only then figured out that he was invading another man's kingdom, and the clues had been there all throughout the first season.
The ending of Return of the Jedi, if watched as a sixth movie in the series, was very satisfying in this context.
* Yawns * wow, this one sucks, you're explaining the most basic crap every non-mongoloid should know. I might have been interested in this, back in the 1st grade. Do more Journey To The West pretty please, doesn't matter how dull the chapter, leave nothing out, unabridged, I'll pay $$$, j/k, I have 33¢ for the rest of the month :-( f*ck.
The Fighter/Mage duo is called Sword and Sorcerer, in case you didn't know before
Who's the left-hand person then?
Makes me think of zoro from one piece ⚔️
The earth is not a globe, but a huge group of dense people believe that it is.
Okay; so I honestly doubt that they will see or respond to this comment, but I have a question for anyone who can answer: What's the trope called when the "Evil King/Queen" (big bad guy) isn't actually the main bad guy pulling the strings but its the servant beneath them calling the shots in the name of said bad guy? Like: "The Queen is Evil", but its actually the Servant that is calling the shots in the Queen's name while the Queen is ignorant of the Servant's actions?
My Goliath warlock child has a Giant Constrictor Snake, (used to be a magical item, the staff of the of the python.) named Jörmangundr, that would definitely be considered as her right hand man, as well as the party mascot.
My favourite “dragon x boss” dynamic is in Arcane because there’s actually two dragons, who both have motivation to kill the “good guys”  Sevika and Jinx/Powder are both dragons   Sevika has a personal rivalry with Vi whereas… Jinx should be fairly obvious why they’re linked.   Sevika also has a rivalry with Jinx although it’s one sided, both of them are vying for Silco’s approval although Jinx is doing it in the position of adopted daughter and Sevika is doing it in the right hand man position
You can also have a situation where the boss ends up caring for a new character like a child or something and this causes tension between them and the right-hand man who is like "what is going on? Why do we care about this new character?" and maybe also "You've changed. I liked the old you who didn't care about people like this new character."  And then that potentially is the catalyst for why the right-hand man betrays the boss character and perhaps becomes a new big antagonist...
*LIKE A BOSS!!!*
Sometimes, villains too can have the power of friendship
My favorite idea of this since I was little was a dragon and schemer boss, and the good guys always fighting the dragon, trying to convince them to turn from evil blah blah, and the dragons just no f you. Then in like an episode ending or episode for villain side of things or even at the end of the show it gets revealed the villain duo and married/partners/some form of close relationship. And they build off each other and care for and help each other but only each other. Any other minions are fodder and replaceable. The world needs to learn who's in charge, that type of thing. Questionable if they would care for kids if they ever got kids one way or another
Can I add the English Sniper Guy and Moriarty in Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows? I always dug their relationship, very buisiness driven but some respect and good natured banter.
Some really good examples of this are in Gideon the ninth. Besides the obvious Gideon/Harrow dynamic, almost all the characters are in a right hand man/royalty  relationship. I think the most interesting twist is with the relationship between Corona and Ianthe, where the "betrayal" is the refusal to kill her right hand woman.
Red, i love your videos, but could you please start listing your sources?  There are some really cool things i got to know via trope talks and such, but only when you mentioned the source. A list in the infobox would be really helpful.
It probably dips into other tropes but there's also the...hidden/true dragon trope, in which the right hand man is the real big bad. Whether they manipulate or mind control or whatever, the right hand man is revealed to have been behind it all. The hand behind the curtain type deal which ties in with the dragon betrayal trope but is just a little deeper since it makes the original villain actually a victim all along.   This tends to end with some grand reveal where once the villain dies, by their hand or otherwise, the secret villain reveals themselves to have been the end boss.   The best scenario I can think of is the heroes get a good dose of guilt when they find out they killed the wrong guy, and now need to fight a more nefarious villain who at the least shows a greater degree of depravity and at least a mind trickery skill set whether through social manipulation or straight up mind powers.
There's another twist that would be worth mentioning: when the loyalty of the right-hand mand to the boss comes from the shared goals, and the boss is the one that starts faltering, which leads to the betrayal by RHM. It's a unique situation, that it is a betrayal that may be resolved peacefully, when the boss recognizes his error and goes back on the right path. Example: killing Envy in FMA.
Ok this my second time watching this show called LoGH, so  I am putting name on the table (with manly tears on my cheeks); Kircheis.
"people don't exist in isolation"   We'll have I got news for you
I really love the way One Piece approaches this trope, especially with the Straw Hats. While most people argue that Zoro is Luffy's right hand man, other Straw Hats qualify for this position. When it comes to leadership, planning and strategy, Luffy's not the smartest guy around (and he's often not around) so you'll find other Straw Hats stepping up to take lead of the group. The structure of the crew doesn't solely rely on the presence/absence of one character.   Strength-wise, Luffy is by far the strongest in the crew. However, Zoro and Sanji are both high contenders for the position of right hand man. Because of that, the dynamic is structured in a way that both individuals are necessary to carry Luffy forward i.e. wings of the Pirate King. Funny enough, most of the other crews have a well defined structure and hierarchy but the Straw Hats are quite unique in that dynamic.
An interesting Right Hand Man (Or former Right hand man) would be Wanda from Sea of Thieves.  It's a bit weird, talking about the funny pirate game, but Wanda was originally a member of the Big Bad, Captain Flameheart's crew. She was his right hand man, doing this for him in his name since he wasn't able to (His ghost was bound to his own bones, don't ask).  She Loved Flameheart, but started to get suspicious that he didn't reciprocate the feelings. He didn't, not only rejecting her, but laughing in her face.  She then abandoned his crew and joined/formed a new faction known as the Dark Breathren, now wishing to defeat Flameheart as well as the good guys (If anyone whose a Pirate can be considered a "Good guy")
To quote the article on relevant tropes from Tropedia   The term "dragon" actually originates from folklore where the hero will often end up fighting an actual dragon before even fighting the more intelligent but weaker Big Bad and described as such in "The Hero Of A Thousand Faces", a non-fiction comparison of various fantasy heroes written by Joseph Campbell. Hence, dragons (or stand-ins for them) are often portrayed as a Big Bad's second-in-command.
Here's the problem I've always had with this trope: If the Dragon is more badass than the Big Bad and is more involved in the plot and action with taking down the heroes, why is the Dragon relegated to second in command? Shouldn't he be the #1 threat since the Big Bad is more background most of the time? The Dragon makes more sense as the main antagonist than the guy just sitting on his throne for 95% of the story.
Reminds me of raistlin and caraman from Dragonlance
Red using FMA brotherhood and avatar as examples again
I want to see a variant where the Villain kills or devours their Dragon but is greatly saddened by it. The villain could be either aware or not of why they're feeling remorse but I want to see how it affects their interactions with the heroes and their overall plan.
I'd like to highlight the Rykard/Tanith relationship in Elden Ring, it's definitely similar though far out of bounds from the trope. Rykard is the lord and possesses all of the strength, whereas Tanith (who is also his consort) is the only one who stood by his side when he turned to such a horrific form of blasphemy. Tanith is only ever seen two places, one where she is sitting on a chair in front of a painting of Rykard with a giant knight to her side, and one much later on. She does not fight at all, but she definitely is Rykard's right hand man, directly numerous champions to Rykard so he can devour them and gain strength.  She is not a bodyguard, but a manipulator for Rykard. And when Rykard eventually falls, she moves to where he was and is seen eating his head, saying that he'll live on inside of her and that they will devour the gods together. Also notable is that since you are the one killing Rykard, it's unusual that even after the fight she refers to him as 'our lord' and doesn't resent the Main Character for slaying him, merely stating he will get stronger, presumably from inside of her.    I just thought this was such a unique turn on this trope while still humanizing both Tanith and Rykard without them ever directly interacting once.
*Rainor*  A dude that probably likes sports and has a surfer vibe long hair etc. He’s trustworthy and if you need him he’s there for you. Also in Norse mythology Rainor is a name for a warrior
Always knew Starscream couldn't be dragon type. Must be Steel/Dark
My favorite variant of this trope is “The Secretary”. While the boss is the one doing all the cool flashy big picture stuff, the Secretary is the one working behind the scenes, handling the logistics of the boss’ plans and cleaning up any messes the boss may have left behind both metaphorically and literally. These ones are great to explore because they clearly have a much higher bullshit tolerance than most and it’s interesting to find out why these people are working themselves to the bone just to ensure the boss can go forward with their plan unimpeded. It’s especially fun when it turns out these guys who we thought were purely desk workers are actually incredibly capable in a fight but only resort to that when all other options are exhausted. Also they are always a good set up for any workaholism jokes.  Examples: Ms. Pauline from Team Fortress 2, Owen from Gargoyles and Smithers from The Simpsons.
You are the kuki to my itto
I love your videos just thought id tell you they always make my day
One example of this trope I also really like is the relationship between Edelgard and Hubert in Fire Emblem Three Houses. Hubert is the right-hand man and it's actually his family's job to be right-hand men to Edelgard's family, but his loyalty to Edelgard comes only from his affection for her and his belief in Edelgard's goals, so much that he actually kills his own father for having betrayed Edelgard's father and Edelgard herself by proxy. But since Edelgard is a morally gray figure, having good intentions but using violent means to reach her goals, her relationship to Hubert is also a mix of hero/villain type of dynamic with the right-hand man because Edelgard acts like a hero boss while Hubert fully embraces the villain right-hand man archetype, despite acknowledging that Edelgard is (and HAS to be) a hero-like figure, which leads to Edelgard wanting Hubert to also find love and happiness and to share his burdens while Hubert does all the horrible things that have to be done on his own, sometimes without Edelgard's knowledge, and with a smile on his face because he is convinced that Edelgard has to stay a hero for her dream to be fulfilled and by doing all those things for her on his own, by bloodying his own hands without letting a drop touch her, he's doing his part, the one he chose for himself, in making her dreams come true. Obviously heroic duos and villainous duos are a lot more common than morally gray duos, but Edelgard and Hubert's relationship is one of my favourite iterations of this trope because of how unique it is
I'm extremely happy you put a clip of Sevika in there, it was literally my first thought when I saw this video come up, lol. Also has an interesting double-reversal: right hand appears to betray the boss but actually kills the person who tried to turn them, because they value loyalty over power. Love Love Love it
Is that a reference to Gideon the Ninth I spy on the slide for Big Guy + Smart Guy? If so, hell yes; great series and great example.
I wish you would have mentioned Gideon the Ninth, a book where the main character and her nemesis pretend to be a boss/right hand woman duo
Idk why but I usually liked the right hand man of villains more than the real main villains, they just seemed cool always
somehow I immediately thought of Sevika from Arcane. SO happy you included her. <3
Speaking of duos tropes, think there is enough to do a Prince and the Pauper trope video
12:16 I like how when you mentioned the Dragon character betraying the Boss you showed an example that had a literal dragon.
Ornstien and Smough?
The Sith in Star Wars is just one long chain of Dragons killing their boss to be the boss. What's even betternis the Sith masters not only expect this betrayal, but even encourage it. Once the apprentice learns enough from their mentors, they kill them or die trying. The apprentice succeeding just means they've outgrown their master and now become the master, ensuring each new Sith is stronger than the last. The apprentice failing just means the master has to try again with another apprentice, usually one more loyal than the last so the betrayal doesn't come too early.
I think the "spiciest" part of the Villainous Right-Hand Man trope is that we never know how it's going to end (unless the backstabbing is made blatantly obvious from the start). And even if they're villains, if we like them, we WANT for their relationship - platonic or otherwise - to work out. And that uncertainty makes us care even more.
soundwave is the dragon in transformers prime
I'd love to see any fiction where the Villain actually sacrifices themselves to save the Dragon.  Think it'd be a unique twist, where the Dragon can then use the spicy Death of a Loved One Power-Up to become the new villain.
Now I am wondering if the Left-hand man just a modified Right-hand man.
As terrifying as the big bad can be (the Don, the Emperore etc.), the dragon is usually my favourite. Vader or the Consiegliere seem to have an even more chilling effect than those they serve.
The reason why the term is called Dragon, due to being a time the villain, who were generally dark lords in older stories, had a literal dragon as their right hand. Like having to go through a dragon mini boss before fighting the final boss.
Isn't Villain & Dragon just Brain & Brawn for antagonists?
See now I'm wondering how a more spicy hero relationship would work and look like... Because good doesn't always mean nice and nice isn't always good.
The Best Man.
Journey to the West
The Fighter/Mage duo sometimes have their roles reversed, with a Heroic Fighter being backed up by a healer or support caster.
I love Megamind and Minion where Minion is the one that feels betrayed when Megamind is starting that Redemption Arc.
"I don't do matching T-shirts"  Nice.
One of my favorite characters in this archetype is from Arcane. A major element of Sevica is her loyalty to a cause rather than her boss.
3:41 you can't tell me this isn't Gideon and Harrow from Gideon the Ninth. That pose screams Gideon
"... and it's clearly just a matter of time before the second in command gets a command of his own." Oof. To be fair it's technically true in Riker's case but. Man. Did it ever take a while.
Good breakdown as usual, I love all the doodles and I liked the highlight that Azula is loyal to her family, though as an aside, can I beg you to please watch FMA 03? Pretty please with sugar on top :)
*Henry Stickmin Intensifies*
i think cassandra/rapunzel betrayal firmly falls under the under appreciated underling section, which is what makes it so tragic.
I literally just watched the episodes she showed of Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood the other day, well the ones dealing with Ling and Mustang.
Order of the Stick has an interesting variation of this with its main villain pair, Xykon the lich and Redcloak, his right-hand-goblin. In the main story, Xykon's magic makes him absurdly powerful, but Redcloak is a dangerous mage in his own right, and more than one character notices that Redcloak's subservience doesn't seem to make sense given how little he gets from Xykon in return. In a prequel story, we get to see how they initially met. Redcloak had a villainous plan he couldn't complete on his own, Xykon happened to have the abilities that Redcloak needed and lacked, and they formed an alliance of convenience. However, as things go awry and the plan ends up costing both of them far more than they bargained for, Redcloak adopts a serious sunk-costs complex, convincing himself that not only will it all be worth it when the plan comes to fruition, but that seeing it through to the end is the only way he can live with what he's done. Xykon, realizing that Redcloak can't stop as long there's even a sliver of a chance that he can pull it off, manipulates Redcloak into committing even more heinous actions in service of the plan. Then Xykon outright tells Redcloak that now they both know Redcloak will do anything, no matter how much he hates it, to keep Xykon from abandoning the plan, which gives Xykon all the power in their relationship since he can walk away from the plan whenever he likes. Redcloak is stuck catering to Xykon's whims, not out of any loyalty to Xykon himself, but because the only alternative is acknowledging that everything he already did was for nothing.
The Sith looked at the "Dragon Ascendant" and thought "You can make a religion out of that."
Honestly, this has been one of my favorite tropes for a long time. Really glad to see you covering it!
Or if your the show, Primal, your right-hand man could be fricking dinosaur!
Every trope talk I'm surprised that Red has found yet another way to say "So yeah"
Another potential trope talk,  why do animals or pets have to die in fictional literature?  Especially in Children's Literature.  Why do animals have to die?
ugh fuck Brotherhood. SML 2003 has a better version of this with Lust and Gluttony
A llama? But he's supposed to be dead! 😂
Is there an example of a good boss that did just one morally questionable thing and that the bodyguard couldn't forgive it, not matter how much redemption the boss went through? Just curious
About "The Starscream" - in his original introduction and profile, it was highlighted that Megatron kept him around because he actually was good at his job. Essentially, leading the (G1) Decepticons was like herding vicious unruly cats, so he needed someone to help shepherd them.  Megatron and Starscream's most successful plans were when they actually worked together.
Shout out to the best right hand man, "Right Hand Man". Also "Right Hand Man Reborn".
... Please take a breath...
So... what happens when the protagonist is The Dragon and has like... well... I'm on book 7, at least...7 lancers?
My Favorite right Hand man is Björn from vinland saga As right Hand to askeladd. Great character and If you know the whole Story it is Just so good
wait is the slide at 3:42 meant to be Gideon and Harrow from the Locked Tomb books? bc it looks suspiciously similar :o
“Jurgen, kill him” “Very good sir”
Ha ha, I see your stealthy Locked Tomb reference.
I really wanted to see how Right-Hand Man vs. Lancer would be explained
Trope Talk: The Right-Hand Man  My brain: Hey yo, I'm gonna need a right-hand man...
Ninth house at 3:51 I see you, Red
Me at 3:43...is that Gideon the Ninth!?!? Hell ya, the brawn of the duo
Yay transformers prime examples! My childhood is complete. And a glimpse of good old Soundwave 13:49
I need an "I don't do matching T-shirts" T-shirt.
Not what you wanted to mean but seeing Soundwave kick spider bot butt justs makes me wish Prime had Soundwave in charge as that Megatron was one of the least epic leaders for me at least. I'm often more fond of smart right hands anf brawn bosses which is pretty common in games I play first real good example is Ike and Soren from Fire Emblem Path of Radiance or Tails to Sonic from well Sonic.
When you hit two million subs, can you do a song?
My favorite example of this trope is Reginald and RHM from the Henry Stickmin Collection
I had the boss loving the right hand man thing (though it was familiial rathern than romantic) thing in one of my rpg campaigns. The main villian was a wizard who had adopted a troubled young street urchin with a natural talent (one would say need) for violence. The wizard, while a well intentioned extremist type of villain, didn't have the stomach for the less savoury acts he knew would be needed for his plans, and thus, thought this kid would suit his purposes. Over time, they came to genuinely care for each other like father and son, to the point that the wizard would teleport his right hand man away from danger if he started taking too much damage. He would try to wave it off as "I have more use for him", but the PCs who saw this soon cottoned on to the truth... and saw it as a chance to redeem them both. One time, the PCs even helped the right hand man rescue his boss from another enemy, reasoning that as psychotic as this young man was, with the wizard, he at least had focus, and wouldn't just be killing randomly.
You forgot to do the thing. Zhu Li would never forget to do the thing.
I know it was brief and at the beginning, but not mentioning Haku/Zabuza in the villain/dragon archetype just seems unfair. I know it was only a few episodes, but they did so much with it. Zabuza being raised as a killer from birth. Haku having a unique bloodline trait that turned his own father against him. Zabuza taking him under his wing simply for power. Zabuza NEVER showing any connection to him because that's what shinobi do. But still feeling it all the same "your words cut deeper than any blade boy".
Why is the "dragon" being desillusioned some random cheap anime and not reboot?  Hack and slash loyaly served megabyte until he went too far due to Bob not being there and then changed size... and red is supposed to promote reboot
"We good?" "you tell me, boss" I can feel the fanfiction already forming and these are stick figures
Zoro from One Piece is an interesting example, because:  - He has a lot of the same flaws and strengths as Luffy like being a badass idiot and also has issues with his sense of direction, so most of the time while they are sailing Nami is the one leading the crew.  - Zoro does tend to take command of the crew when Luffy is not present and is sometimes presented as more of an equal to Luffy, like he could be a really good pirate captain but the fact he is following Luffy is a testament to Luffy, but other times he is more of a subordinate usually when contrasting him with Sanji, his rival and the third strongest of the crew - In general Luffy doesn’t need protection, Zoro is asleep or disinterested in managerial or navigation tasks but they do get along. However he does step up when Luffy is not being a good captain like A big moment is when Zoro tells Luffy that he would quit if he lets a crew member who left back in to the crew without having them apologize for attacking Luffy and deserting the crew would mean Luffy is letting that crewmate disrespect and walk all over him and Zoro respects Luffy as a Captain to not let him do that. - Also he has his arc in relationship to wanting to be the strongest swordsman in the world.
The dragon and villain dynamic also works with the game hotline miami where the final boss is the “dragon”, a very intense fight, which leads to the main protagonist Jacket to finding the “villain” who’s just an old guy in a wheelchair, also works with big guy smart guy, kinda.
Owl House spoilers, bruuuuuuuuuuh
I love the Nathalie to Gabriel Agrest right hand man dynamic in Miraculous Ladybug and Cat Noir. She's the dragon, and a total badass (mostly because she's the one doing all the management of his life while he's off in his creepy unfurnished room waiting for bad vibes), but he does also really care about her.
A really great take on the trope is Link and Zelda's relationship in Breath of the Wild.  In the gameplay of course, Link is the main character, and Zelda is the damsel in distress.  But most of the story progression is in the flashbacks, and there Zelda's the one with all the agency and Link is her mute bodyguard.
Chain of command: why isn't Pellaeon to Thrawn isn't mentionned?  Also Soundwave, on top of being the coolest transformer, is Metatron's rigth hand (and about the only competent decepticon), starscream is just a minions.
Guts and Griffith, to the point I'm kinda baffled it didn't come up here.
Villain consumes the dragon.       That was the case in Fire Emblem Revelation. Garon, the big bad in the other 2 routes shows up in the final chapter only to be eaten by Anankos.
Everyone give Izzy Hands a round of applause, I counted like half of these towards him
Heroes:  <Defeat The Dragon> BBEG:  "YOU HURT MY KITTEN!!" The dragon:  8' tall 20' long sentient chimera lion that the boss raised from 8 weeks of age, after finding it in the rubble of his own trauma-forming event
Can you do a video about characters who are animals, especially if they're a mascot animal? I think that'd be so fascinating.
I was like... Riza!!<3  and then I was all... SEVIKA!!!! <33
I'm glad you showed Transformers Prime for an example of the Villain backstabbing the Dragon, because they do it for fantastic dramatic effect MULTIPLE times! Before the time Megatron back-stabbed Predaking, he did the same to Dreadwing and it was awesome.
My favorite Right Hand Man/Boss relationship is probably Mal and Zoe from Firefly. The episode War Stories has a very interesting look at Zoe's conflict between loyalty to Mal or her husband.
Would moonglum be Eric's righthand man or would Eric be Stormbringer's
The Stormlight Archives had a really interesting version of the Right-Hand Man (at least through book 4; spoilers that I won't go into here).  In SA, Kaladin is the big physical threat. He's an absurdly gifted fighter with a spear as a regular person, but then he gets the magic powers and is even more deadly. His right hand man, Teft, meanwhile, is a competent fighter and Sergeant, but nothing super amazing. What Teft has that Kaladin lacks is knowledge about what Kaladin's abilities should be. It could be argued that Kaladin has other Right-Hand Men - Moash and Rock both spring to mind - but Teft is the most literal definition for it as he's the one that Kaladin turns to in terms of the direct chain of command.
I'm quite partial to the dragon betrayal that amounts to "for your own good". Like the villian is going to go too far and hurt themselves, or the dragon has realised that their goal is pointless so betrays them to save them.
The dragon comes from Jung.  I'd say lieutenant/adjutant is an arguably more realistic pairing than captain/commander. A lieutenant is usually educated but inexperienced, a new officer fresh out of the academy. Their adjutant is a veteran sergeant who's technically lower rank, training and advising the lieutenant with the benefit of experience.
Spoilers for the librarians i suppose but in season 4 the main antagonist is the body guard to the main character from the first movie (the movies came before the show)  Now why would they do that one might ask: well in the scene right before the credits in the first movie the protaginist and thier body guard meet up at a cafe  and then ride of the fight some ninjas who were planing to use H.G. Well’s timemachine. In later entries to the franchise it is told several times that the body guard is dead becouse the timemachine exploded. Well… in season 4 of the show it turns out that this body guard was sent 500 years in the past, expected to be rescoused by the protaganist (who thought that the body guard died). Well after not being rescued they became imortal and then used the next 500 years to set up thier plan to get revenge on not just the previous protagonist but also the institiusion the protaganist was devoted to, the library
Leverage talks about how UTTERLY essential this is for the way they do the show, to the point they call it "The Busey", when a villain uses it. Though the ones they have usually aren't badasses. It's essentially the LT to the Captain, with the main goal being..."This is the guy the villain EXPLAINS things to".
I imagine that the Villain's "right hand-man" being called "Dragon" is because Dragons in Fantasy or fiction usualy are not only huge powerhouses but are almost always "Guarding" a Treasure, and always being between the main heroes and their goal, and in this case, their goal is the Villain who the right hand-man is protecting. that's just what I think though.
So, I like to play a little game. I listen to the explanation you give, guess the example slide, and then check if I'm right.   Only clips I didn't get this time? The FMA ones. (Sighs)
Ahhh love myself some Mustang-Hawkeye dynamics. Watching them interact just flips the happy switch in my brain :)   Thanks for covering this trope Red!
02:00: I need a "I Don't Do Matching T-Shirts" t-shirt.
While my favourite Villain/Dragon pair is probably Xehanort/Xigbar from Kingdom Hearts, primarily because of the latter character and his personal reasoning for being there, I must admit that probably the best Villain/Dragon dynamic is that of Xemnas and Saïx from the same series. On his initial appearance their goals are shared, or so it would seem- they both lack a heart and want to get them back, not only to feel emotion other than longing, but in Saïx's case, because he's lead to believe that if he dies without a heart, that's the end of him. He dies woeful that he fell just before Kingdom Hearts is completed, meaning he was so close to his goal, yet so far. Then he wakes up. Feeling feelings. And Xemnas says "Hey so you signed up for this big thing we're doing, come along now." Saïx's foremost feeling is regret for what he did to some of the younger heroes, and he realises- he did those things out of jealousy. He *did* have emotions. He *had* a heart, just a tainted one. He was being used the entire time, but his hands are tied and he can't go back. However, he has some new knowledge that benefits his possibility of betrayal - the knowledge that death is bullshit! He sets out a plan to bring back the fallen heroes and return them to their mutual friend, and knows that he has to die before the job can be finished, but he's been through that pain once, and can now do so again with the solace of knowing he did the right thing. In the end, he reconciles with the heroes he hurt and gets his happily ever after. Unless Kingdom Hearts 4+ has anything to say about it.
What about a variation on the "Dragon Backstabs Villain for Heroics" variant where the Dragon's motivations... aren't heroic. Maybe they realize the Villain's mission is a sinking ship, and they're a rat that wants off. So they give the Hero vital information, turn state's evidence, anonymously turn in their boss for the reward money, etc. They're doing the technically right thing for purely selfish motivations. Does this exist anywhere? Jog my memory, if you please.
I'm disappointed by the lack of Yzma and Kronk comments.
So, I'd never heard the name for the "villain/dragon" trope before this but now i'm over here laughing because my "dragon" in my WIP is actually dragon themed...
not me desperately trying to figure out if Red's seen ofmd
Referenced Gargoyles. Instant like.
Shoutouts to Hellsing Ultimate Abridged for giving Walter an actual reason for betraying the Hellsing Organization to kill Alucard
So in a game a friend of mine is running, My character and another friend are two former solders in a lords military and the lord skipped out on paying everyone. So in retaliation the genius 20 something trade woman and the 50 something Elf I’m playing agree to team up and get their payments back one way or another. The Girl is inexperienced in combat but has great people skills and is fantastic in getting others to work for her to meet her end goals. My Elf is a species that can’t touch metal or they get burned and the species are cannibals, they can only eat meat of sentient speaking creatures, and is skilled in combat…. He’s also super bigoted against humans for being two faced lying mayflies who disturb the natural order of the world with their incessant building of towns and cities.  A good Brains and Brawn team up that’s actually working well so far!
The second Hollow Mind footage came up I went full monkie.
Love that Fullmetal Alchemist is a mainstay of the channel!
Now I kind of want a plot with a twist ending where the villian gets defeated due to a split second decision to try and protect the Dragon, which the Good Guys didn't expect, lol
I have nothing worthwhile to add, I'm just feeding the algorithm
Im reading a book where theres a right hand man but its an incredibly interesting situation because the boss is a child, the only reason that the right hand man follows her is because of a complicated surrogate father position where he loves her unconditionally. the child unfortunately is intent on destroying the world cuz of ✨trauma✨but that means killing the only person who loves her and is currently unconditionally helping her achieve that goal. Theres also this dynamic where the rhm hurts whenever he helps her, and she knows. So- oh i just need to stop, point is great use of this trope and READ THE BROKEN EARTH SERIES.
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                                                             ./,, ./ ,./,/.                                          // . . . , ,/.,
Impa & Zelda
You mentioned redemption and then showed vader throwing palpatine down the pipe but I’d have to say that’s just anakin acting up again. Like at any time anakin will do the most dramatic thing possible which, in this case, was betraying his boss. Like yeah redemption too but c’mon it’s anakin, dude just was just mad he wasn’t the center of attention for five minutes  (This is a joke there’s a shit ton of lore about anakins redemption arc and it’s actually super well done and I love it)
“If lost return to ‘Babe’.” “I don’t do matching t-shirts.”  I want these.
👍🏿🤠👍🏿
...either that, or they've figured out the secret to The Force is dying in front of Luke.
I thought you canceled the best section of your channel, but FINALLY another Trope Talk
Loved this trope talk! Gotta say though, I was expecting you to sing Right Hand Man from Hamilton at the end of the video
Anyone else reminded of Henry Stickmin Collection when watching this? XD
You could say trope name-grabber Alexander Hamilton in the musical is a "spicy" good guy pairing with flaming purple-haired Washington. Hamilton is devoted to Washington but 1) wanting for a father figure, and 2) first sacrificing his chances for combat honor, then entangling himself in bitter partisan politics to keep Washington out of it. An example of where sometimes the boss is dragged along by his dragon.
Love the time stamp names being a refrence to Henry stickmin collection with the main villain being well… the right hand man
Thank you for including Owl House! Hunter's tragedy as the undervalued/betrayed underling was so good!
Thought you already did one of these about 'Dragons'?  Ah well, here's to one of my favorite tropes.  Anyway, here's a few of my favorites: Mad Dog and The Assassin from the 'The Raid' movies Mad Dog from 'Hard Boiled' Clay Burton from 'Banshee'
I really like the Undervalued Underling trope when its done on the hero side of the story. Which I /mostly/ see in fic (looking at you voltron fic writers and also thank you 👏), in books where the underling is, surprise! actually the main character, or in sequel (or prequel) books/series about the underling. But the reason I like them is because it shows the main character has flaws in very real and tangible ways for many of the audience to relate to in one direction or the other. Many people have undervalued or have been undervalued in their life, and especially with very loyal relationships it can leave a deep impression on people that makes them like certain characters who go through or do these things more.
I'm not even looking at the comments to spoil what the answer is. Is the villian and dragon duo a bible thing? Like wasn't a dragon helping scheme for an even bigger bad guy in book of revelations or something? I dont wanna talk religion I just resesrched the binding of Isaac game once.
I do find hero right hand relationships can be really Spicy when it's "I will totally sacrifice myself for the greater good/our goals!" or some sort of enablement. But it's also interesting when it comes to stuff like Alfred helping Bruce Wayne be Batman.
Now I want to see a show where the (apparent) big bad has personal loyalty to the (apparent) right-hand man/dragon, while the dragon is only in it for personal reasons/a goal of the villainy. The big bad is running things because he's just better at achieving the dragon's desires than the dragon is, alone, and is trying to impress the dragon.
The most famous one: Himmler
shout out to owl house for having like three extremely fucked up big bad/dragon dynamics going at once.
Honestly Helsing ultimate wasn't as good as regular Helsing.
The trope name "The Dragon" literally always makes me have to stop and think for about a second, on account of the fact that "The Dragon" or in this case more accurately "The Dragon Reborn" Is the lead protagonist's title in the _Wheel of Time_ books and he becomes fucking _terrifying._ in more ways than one.
Brock Samson is an example of such an effective right hand man, he winds up going off to do his own thing and leaving Rusty to find a less effective second in command in Sergeant Hatred.
Yay! A wild _The Starscream_ appears!
A point to the "bosses should care about their subordinates" thing. In the Marine Corps, the second priority of leadership is troop welfare, it is second only to mission accomplishment. As a sergeant, I always did my best to ensure my juniors had their needs taken care of.
What about the type when the boss is kinda useless and the right hand man, is the one doing everything
had a moment of "Oh she's advertising world anvil! Just like on Rolling With Difficulty!" even tho I know OSP's been sponsored by them much longer
Thanks for reminding me how much I love pretty much every variant of this trope.
Look, Soundwave has always been and will always be Megatron's right hand man. Period, fight me.
Can we agree Jesse Pinkman is a dragon
YouTube wanted me to watch this… and I just finished watching… yes nice video
Arguably chess is has the truest right hand man: the queen (the powerhouse bodyguard) and the king (leadership).  It’s also why the right hand man is the #1 origin of villains: the Jafar/Sultan, Viren in Dragon Prince, etc
Love your gideon and harrow drawing, bit proud to have immediately recognized it.
Alfred Pennyworth.
GRIDDLE MADE IT INTO A TROPE TALK! This makes me so happy.
3:45 I just wanna point out that interestingly in many chinese media the right hand man is often more a counselor or officer of some sort. A man able to coordinate or give advices. To hint at things so the main realises things or learn more. Or simply to make the power house main character reach full potential. Taking a bit of a teacher role.  Else simply allowing the boss to go and be the action man while the right hand man covers the flank and holds the fort. Or in cases, solving problems before they become a problem. Its also an easy way to write off all the work needed to keep an army and letting the main character advance the plot.  one of my favorite quotes is : An assasin might spend weeks of concentration, and months of preparation for the perfect assasination. But a counselor will always kill more then assasins can in their lifetimes. They can plot the deaths of 12 people in no time and ultimately choses their demise.
Alucard is NOT Dracula in a funny hat!  He is Dracula in a VERY NICE hat.
Anyone got a media where the dragon romantically loves the boss but gets betrayed by them cause that sounds delectably heartbreaking
Jurgen and Caine anyone?
Mr Spock 🖖is a great right-hand man to Captain Kirk.
i freaking love a villain with a soft spot
ONE PIECE SPOILERS Now I finally have a term for Zoro from One Piece, since he doesn't really act as a lancer to Luffy. He stands out by being stoic and serious in contrast to his captain who is goofy and lighthearted; another detail is he is absolutley loyal with no hesitation after joining the crew, even being the one to take the tough decisions for the sake of helping the group, most notably his stance after Ussop's defection. Sanji also brings an interesting betrayal twist not mentioned in the video: Reluctant Betrayal, in wich the RHM has to abandon or even go up against the boss due to their life or a love one being in danger and having no other choice but to join the bad guys. Sanji is forced into an arranged wedding or else his adoptive father gets killed, and in order to save both him and the rest of the crew, he pushes them away and even fights Luffy. This betrayal either ends in a tragic death or, in Sanji's case, a rescue mission.
Seeing the "mild and spicy"-image Red drew, it makes me think. What if the big bad and his dragon are twin brothers who wrestle every morning to determine, who-is-who for the day and have completely separate schemes from one another they work on their "turns"? Sounds like a very fun premise to me.^^
I've always been a fan of the idea of the bad guy and dragon being in love, or other such relationship, and if one dies than it triggers a grief induced powerup for the survivor that makes them WAAAAAAAAAY more dangerous than they were previously.  One of my favorite examples is an old ps2 games called shadow hearts: from the new world, where there's a villain/sidekick duo named Lady and killer (ya, not very original, I know). Lady is literally an emotionless husk of her former self, but she brought killer back from near death and so he feels obligated to defend her from they party because she saved his life. At the end of the game, he dies to the party in a way that she can't revive him (seemingly at the time) and she flies off the handle in an emotion fueled rage, the only emotion she'd showed through the entire game. It was pretty sad, and you genuinely feel sorry for her at that moment.
Babe wake up new trope talk
Missed opportunity to put Right-Hand Man from Henry Stickmin as one of the thumbnail characters.
Hi, I'm very invested in the multidimensional dynamic between purple and gold
I don't think you're going to see this comment, which sucks because the subtitles don't work on this video. :( I can turn them on and off, but no words actually appear on the screen. :(
I think dragon is because you have tropes like the evil wizard and his dragon. Aka his second in command
Would you ever do a tier list of best right hand mans tropes during your after dark videos?
The Monarch is an interesting one as far as villains go.  He's had two number twos, first there was Doctor Girlfriend, whom he loved passionately and completely, then there was Number 21, whom he thought at first was, "the special combination of expendable and invulnerable," but then grew to respect him and platonically love him.
The right hand man is almost always my favorite villain character, for some reason. Darth Maul, Captain Love( Mask of Zorro), Soundwave(transformers Prime) Locus(Red Vs Blue)  Koba( an interesting case, he was a right hand man when he was a hero, became a dragon ascendant.
Oh that's a fun writing challenge. Could YOU, writer reading this, craft a villain that earns the ire of the audience through the worst acts imaginable, and redeem them in the eyes of the audience via a betrayal from their Big Bad Boss?  Real life example: Josef Stalin. Betrayed by Hitler.
I don’t know if this would be a trope but can we have a trope talk on introvert characters? Introverted characters get a real bad rap for coming off as standoffish or cold and their introversion is seen as something that needs to be “fixed”. I’m really tired of it, honestly.  Also Riza is the best character in fma and I will not be taking questions thank you.
How about “Guy in the Chair” or “Mission Control.” Times when the RHM is the Smart Guy.
It's also good to have one when you're outgunned out man outnumbered and especially out planned
2:00 Damn, can you NOT deconstruct my overarching psychological issue of clinging to aloneness as an immaturely veiled projection of a false sense of desirability?
We also love a “the dragon was actually the real big bad” reveal
Regarding Walter, the manga goes into why he betrayed the Hellsing organization. To sum it up: existential dread. He saw Alucard, pinnacle of vampires and forever "young" as long as he wished it, if he didn't wish to be a girl instead because he did do that at times. He and Alucard fought alongside each other during World War 2 when Walter was at his prime. However, mortals age. Over time Walter saw his capabilities decreasing as his body withered, unable to fight time itself. And at the same times Walter saw Alucard the same as he'd ever been from the time they first met, unchanged and still at his peak as he would always be. And Walter was jealous of that immutability, he hated having to get weaker over time just because he was a human. He didn't even have the option of asking Alucard to make him a vampire, mostly because Alucard would have absolutely refused but also because Walter was male and a vampire could only be created from a virgin of the opposite sex to the vampire. Also you absolutely know Walter fucks so that was out the window. In any case, he wanted that gift of immortal stasis Alucard had and well, you know the rest. Ironically Alucard was ALSO jealous of Walter for the opposite reasons, because in his eyes to live and die as a human being was a privilege he would never be afforded no matter how many years passed. This is why he venerates the elderly and considers them to be truly beautiful.
I wonder if the dragon name comes from that “dragon woman” stereotype from early films where if there was an Asian woman on screen, she was almost certainly a villains right hand?
One of the protagonists of Word of Honor is a runaway Dragon type.  It’s a great backstory for a hero.
This video made me think about Agent Black and Agent White from Iconoclasts so now I must do my duty of saying play Iconoclasts, you will cry, a lot
A rare version of this trope that I can only think of one example for right now is when the big bad actually turns to the good guys (essentially betraying the right hand man) and the right hand man then becomes the new big bad by default. In the game Nefarious, you play as a villain who can literally decide not to use the big ultimate weapon at the end, prompting the bossfight to be with your right hand man.
I spent the whole time waiting for a Sam and Frodo movie clip.  Like the following:  Frodo: I am Frodo Baggins, and this is Samwise Gamgee.  Faramir: Your bodyguard?  Sam: His gardener.  I laughed at that for way too long in theaters.
Why do I see the heroes as female and the bad guys as male
yo that one clip of Arcane really caught me by surprise because yeah this pretty much sums up Silco and Sevika's relationship (and to a degree Silco and Jinx, but that's very much confused by their "familial" relationship). They even touch the waters of a few of these scenarios, like Sevika's almost betrayal of Silco in favor of Finn
Haha! Just made a D&D character who is a bodyguard of another player's character. A fighter/paladin knight protectiong a wizard from royalty! Fancy to see this video!
Walter's betrayal of Hellsing was to reclaim his lost youth and return to his peak self. Alucard hates this as he envies humans for living, aging and dying - all things he cannot do. He tells Walter he was much more beautiful as an old man. It harkens back to conversation Alucard and Walter have at the beginning of the series about Walter being a "John Bull" - a classic older British gentleman.
Red when are we getting a detail diatribe on hellsing/ hellsing ultimate?
7:38 is that the Agent Stone twist?
This trope is shown very well in dr stone
One villain - dragon relationship I find interesting is Ch'rell and Karai in the 2003 TMNT series. It is an example of a "father daughter" relationship as Ch'rell took a young Karai in and raised her. Even trained her in martial arts. What makes it interesting is that Ch'rell is a full on villain. Only caring for his own personal power and revenge on his fellow Utroms. And yet he took Karai in and raised her. Now one can say that he only did it to gain an ally by gaslighting her from a young age. But why do that at all? Ch'rell even leaves Karai back in Japan to lead the Foot clan there while he goes to New York. Karai even knows that Ch'rell is an Utrom before the reveal to the rest of the cast. Not even Ch'rells former right hand, Hun knew about that (and when Hun does learn the truth, he losses any respect he had for "The Shredder"). Another important moment comes when Karai is captured by Agent Bishop and is used as a bargaining tool. Ch'rell orders Hun (whom is on thin ice) to rescue Karai. If Ch'rell only saw her as a tool, why risk sending in "dead weight" to rescue her? Ch'rell, on some level has to care for his adopted daughter. Even if he doesn't show it most of the time.
Red ships Royai and LingFan. My life is complete.
Bold of Red to do a whole 15 minute video explaining the disaster of Marik Ishtar and Yami Bakura's Team up in Yugioh with out actually mentioning them. The reason their team up falls apart is one they are villains so friendship and teamwork are not allowed, but two they see the other as the right hand man and themselves as the boss.
Butler from Artemis Fowl(like the last air bender there is no movie adaptation) seems like a pretty good example, though depending are where in the timeline you are he might technically be a dragon to Artemis being the villain. and we do get the emotions formed between them thing happen, though not romantic(the books already have enough age gaps to not think about with Holly) but parental and child relationship(granted with a mostly inverted power dynamic as technically Butler works for Artemis)
You should do a trope talk on The Starscream.
And I thought I was finally over Hollow Mind  🥺
My favorite pairing of this is Senku/Taiju from Dr. Stone, because the "Right hand man might be their side piece" bit is subverted right away, with Taiju having his own ladyfriend he's fiercely devoted to, and Senku being.... well... for lack of a gentler way to put this, about as asexual as they come. It's also wonderfully subverted in that Taiju, an absolute badass.... refuses to hit anyone. Dude can lift trees and haul ass and generally do badass things, but he's kind of a pacifist. Not QUITE enough to not scream a bunch of people's ears off, but enough that he'll just  stand there and let himself be beat up on in order to protect his friends, but he won't do anything to stop the beating.   Mind you, the series goes through a lot of right-hand-man tropes(perhaps the wrong phrasing), with Chrome taking up the role at one point, albeit with a bit more of a Lancer feel to him, as he's not particularly badass, is pretty weak, and is basically just the smart-guy of the cave people. Which is to say, good head for learning, but not THAT smart. Gen also plays into the role, with a spicy teaspoon of "Trickster/not-sure-who-he's-working-for-at-first" thrown in as well, but as before, it sort of takes a back seat whenever another character needs some development or a story arc doesn't sound like it'll involve him much.
Can we talk about how articulate you are? I can’t get near a mic without stuttering like a maniac, props to you.
I love that you're referencing the owl house! I don't see enough people talking about it considering how amazing it is
Wonderful as always.
Ahh yes Riza Hawkeye
The only villain better than the big bad is the personal rival that is the MUSCLE, the one you fight before the big bad and wrap up the story but has the more interesting interaction with heroes and gets all the dirt under their fingernails.
Wow good job on the trending thingy
Huh. Can anyone think of any examples of the betrayal thing in a heroic, but business/transaction-defined, bodyguard relationship? I'm coming up blank.
Hi
When I read the first part, it reminded me of drizzt do’uren and his leaving of menzobarranzan, he becomes so out of tune with the world he barely speaks his own language, more animal than man
very good
3:45 Gideon the ninth reference spotted! :D
love these break downs. now who do i have to throw mony at to get my fav Good is not nice and good is not soft lol
Kinda wondering how Diavolo and Doppio from Jojo's fits into this.
Best dragon villain dynamic is jinx and silco because In the under city when you adopt a kid you adopt a kid.
I really liked the right hand man dynamic in the series Tron: Uprising between Pavel and Tesler. Basically Pavel is one right hand man to general Tesler who is the main antagonist of the series (though not the final boss), but Pavel is unhinged and hides it through a thin veneer of politeness. At certain points he is actually scarier than Tesler because even though Tesler is the main villain, he is restrained and methodical while Pavel can just be nuts and end up causing more issues for our hero than Tesler ever did, and he inadvertently ruins a redemption arc which is honestly crushing. He is also willing to associate himself with some terrifying people just for the chance to get promoted.
I think favorite right hand man, or woman in this case, is Shego from Kim Possible.  Shego is Draken's hired muscle. She's cool, tough, and straight up thinks her boss is halfway incompetent. Honestly I liked her more than Draken.  My favorite episode with her, is when Shego is on vacation and Kim breaks in and attacks her, suspecting she has something to do with the villainy of the week. Shego tells Kim with uncertainty that she is "ON VACATION"  and they can continue their rivalry later.   Completely hilarious 😂
What No end of credit song
It's a pity there isn't a decent adaptation for it because Artemis Fowl would have been PERFECT to show that trope for the bodyguard angle (both the villainous and heroic version).
On the Villian and Dragon set up my favorite internal logic is the villain and Dragon have an intentionally confrontational relationship as in the Villian is as if not more competent but essentially encourages and expects the Dragon to betray them because of a system be it social or martial that expects the better to take charge, to the point the villain wouldn't even be mad if they were upstaged, maybe even begrudgingly proud of their second.
WOOOO
Neat.
My favorite right hand man dynamic is when the eight hand man HATES the boss. Its always so funny (ie lassiter and shawn in psych)
i expected a Hamilton reference and am glad it wasn't there
While Red's focusing on action-adventure, RHMs show up everywhere, and come in all sorts of flavors.  A very common RHM function is to be the grounding force that keeps their boss on the rails. Either by direct action, or by serving as their voice of reason/moral guide post, often both. In many cases, that may actually be their primarcy role.  Alfred and Jeeves are both very grounded, capable men who work for somebody who're one short step from a spectacular collapse.  Also fun, it's quite common for them to also fall into at least one other classic pair trope.
Walter betrays Integra because he is, at heart, a vampire hunter, but the Hellsing Organization is now allied with Dracula. He says it in the manga I think? Basically accuses her of betraying him first.
3:52 is this drawing a reference to the locked tomb (specifically gideon the ninth?) it looks like a gideon and a harrow to me haha
The very first arc of Naruto had a very interesting example of this trope! I don’t suppose I need to warn for spoilers, since the series is like two decades old.   Basically, the villain and the dragon have an unrequited loyalty dynamic, where the dragon is much younger than their boss, and is willing to do anything for him. The dragon doesn’t even like fighting people, let alone killing, but they value their boss too much to protest. The dragon ends up dying when they throw them self in the way of an attack meant for their boss. Our protagonist cries about how terrible it is that the dragon threw their life away for someone who meant the world to them, but only saw them as a tool. Boss proceeds to SOB over dead dragon, who he secretly cared about all along, and then dies from injuries sustained from murdering HIS OWN boss, who had kicked the dragon’s body. The dragon died believing that the only person they cared about didn’t feel the same, and their boss died apologizing to them.  Naruto was like 700 episodes long but the antagonists from the very first arc were still incredibly memorable.
Even with how much fmab features in this video, I do think it’s worth mentioning this is also kinda how Mustang’s men are all like. Dude is incredibly loyal apparently. To Jean Havoc especially. Havoc is mentioned to be one of mustang’s best by General Armstrong, only behind Hawkeye, and iirc he gets the most attention out of any of team mustang apart from Mustang and Hawkeye. He’s essentially the 3rd in command   during and after the fight with lust, havoc acts as Mustang’s bodyguard, and sacrifices himself. Mustang cares so much about Jean he’s unable to accept that he’s too injured to serve.   Even at the very end he calls to have havoc healed before himself, showing how much he still respects and wants him.
Red confirms that villains are cooler than heroes for the 10,000th time, hell yeah
"Sometimes the big bad is kind of all talk and the dragon is the much bigger threat overall. The main threat that the boss poses is that they have the dragon working for them." I call this the Lu Bu dilemma (Dynasty Warriors fans where you at?)
"No man is an island." My opinion on that is yes and no. We're all islands, we just happen to be part of an archipelago.
Zoro from One Piece: #1 G.O.A.T. Right-Hand Man.
GRIFFIIIIIIIIITH!!!!! GUUUUUUUTS!!! That is all.
This character is almost entirely defined by their connection to another character *Persona music intensifies*
Trinston was here. .
Boo for not mentioning the goofy/incompetent boss + competent (not necessarily kickass) right-hand. Examples: Varrick & Zhu Li or Zapp Brannigan and Kif:
Isn't it Funny that in Tales of Symphonia Kratos your Body Guard reveals he is the Dragon of the main bad guy but later you can convince him to betray his master?
HERE COMES THE GENERAL   AND HIS RIGHT HAND MANNNN
So I am just putting this right on the table and you can fight me if you want but I will not move on this. Best depiction of "the right hand man" in recent entertainment is by far Zhu Li from Avatar Kora. From the first moment you met her serving tea right up to her last big moment where she deeps and kisses Verick at the wedding! lol
Okay, this was awesome as usual, but I gotta know - tall red-head with sunglasses and short dark-haired one studying a key on the Big Guy and Smart Guy slide...did you draw Gideon and Harrow from Gideon the Ninth?
I see that Tess- Erin big guy smart guy dynamic!!
OmG this episode! So many dragons and body guards i want to talk about now xD  Does anyone remembe Sky's of arcadia? I think its kind of cool that the Final Boss in it is actually the Dragon after defeating his Boss
Not to drag every single conversation about media back to Our Flag Means Death, but I think the relationship between Ed and his right hand man (of sorts) izzy is super interesting here. I saw someone else in the comments talk about the trope where the villain has a mini redemption arc and then gets betrayed by their right hand who's just far more committed to the whole "being evil" thing than they were, and izzy is such a fascinating example of that kind of dynamic. He has this idolised fixation on the legend of blackbeard, and takes such an active role in forcing him not to change or heal emotionally or accept love because he sees this as a perversion of the essence of blackbeard - which makes for such compelling conflict, especially since by the end of the first season he kind of wins. The fact that he's so devoted to this ideal to the extent that being threatened with death, even getting his toe cut off and being forced to eat it, is his victory scenario, is so incredibly interesting to me from a character standpoint, especially in the way his very dysfunctional love for blackbeard acts as a counter to stede's. I just think it's interesting to see an example where the right hand man has a lot of power over a very vulnerable 'boss'. Also OFMD is a phenomenal show and I will seize any opportunity to bring it up.
Despite listening to all this I still think it would be funny if I make my big bad in my D&D game Trying to get a connection with  The right-hand man But because the right-hand man is a robot that only wants to kill He does not Reciprocate
The Dragon comes from traditional fantasy stuff since the boss before the big bad always tended to be some dragon or something
"You will be rewarded for your villainy! That's what my paycheck is for  Love this
3:50 these two look like they do bones
its been a while since iv heard someone talk about hellsing its good to hear about it again
And with this Trope Talk I am now forced to rewatch the entirety of FMA: Brotherhood again.
You watch the Owl House?? I love that show so much
I missed like the last 3 minutes or so of the video because I was overtaken by chanting “She-go! She-go! She-go!”
Here's a hot take on a Right-hand Man: Holmes and Watson! The archetypal Dynamic Duo, yes, but also:  1) Perfect fit for the Brains-and-Brawn category, while Holmes is no slouch and Watson is anything but a dullard, this just serves to up the badassery of both of them, as they exceed each other's high standards that they hold for themselves  2) Obviously deathly loyal on both ends, but also Holmes is basically Watson's employer, given the narrator setting and plot device. It's quite possible, in fact, that the tales of Holmes' exploits might be a steady and reliable source of income for the retired army doctor. So there is also an explicit boss/employee angle.  3) Holmes is shown to rely on Watson time and again, for autopsies, or marksmanship, or general application of violence, or, you know, mending wounds, which is quite essential in the line of work; Whereas Watson is decidedly more self-sufficient, because without Holmes he's just a retired gentleman with an uncannily sharp pen. So, there is emphasis on the boss being more reliant on the right-hand man than the other way round.
Sooga and master kogha from Age of Calamity are my absolute favorite showcase of this trope, goofy villain with a badass right hand man who care about each other So Much
Red: Giving a villain a child is a quick way to make them sympathetic.  Berserk: Hold my beer
I just happened to have listened to some archaic but appropriate music earlier today:  "Count Basie | The complete Decca Recordings" (yeah, Old Dude here).  Near the middle of CD 3 of 3 (1939) is the song "You Can Depend On Me" (Hines, Carpenter, & Dunlap) with vocal by Jimmy Rushing.  For the benefit of the younglings, I will pull up some of the lyrics from increasingly glitchy slushware (precise quotation problematic)'            If you say we're through, I'll always love you           You know you can depend on me           Though someone you met has made you forget           You know you can depend on me           I wish you success, loads of happiness           But I must confess           I'll be lonely, I'll be lonely, I'll be lonely           If you need a friend, I'm yours until the end           You know you can depend on me   =//=OldDudesStillRock  and swing, viva the Big Bands!
For a moment i though the video was called "Bright Haired Man" and was confused as to why lieutenant Hawkeye was there
My oc Erica for the tangled series? She's the main character despite playing support to the higher powered characters ie Rapunzel, Eugene, Lance, and especially Varian.  Also cass's betrayal wasn't that shocking cuz I saw it a mile away.
If there's anything the sith stories in SWtOR taught me, is that it's so satisfying to play the dragon only to completely obliterate your manipulative, abusive, or underappreciative boss. Especially for inquisitor, cause you could get so close to believing she actually cares, though warrior really captures the sting of the boss finding you replaceable. Don't even get me started on how you can then form villain-dragon relationships with your underlings and either perpetuate the abuse or learn from it. In truth, I would consume so many stories featuring a dragon as protagonist, if I could just find them. Villainous protagonists are just generally juicier that straight-up heroes.
Immensely distressed at the lack of grizzled / newbie dynamic being mentioned in this video. (a la Hank/Connor from Detroit become human type deal)
“The starscream” i’M CACKLING OML IT’S SO ACCURATE😂🔥
I would love to see Red use non-kiddie shows for her examples.  E.g. House of Cards has an awesome literal -bodyguard and boss dynamic in, I think, S2. So does The Bodyguard.  I realize this is what she likes and consumes, but she will go off brutally on, say, Sherlock, a show that's, I'm afraid to say, so much better written than nigh anything she's used as examples so far, and yet she will restrict her examples to the most basic uses of the tropes she's examining.
Ah another episode of my favourite "for god sakes continue writing your story" motivators
Holy shit youtube didn't give me a notification for this one
6:07 other than him trying to kill Megatron all the time, Starscream is VERY good at actually leadering when necessary in Transformers Prime, the example you used. In other continuities, yeah. But not in Prime. Starscream actually led the Decepticons so well in Megatron's absence that the Autobots legitimately thought the Cons left Earth and disappeared.
Considering he popped up in the background of this video, I’m surprised you didn’t talk about Xanatos’s right-hand man at all.  The guy stuck his hand into a magic brew without question to test it out, and ended up with a stone fist. But that doesn’t faze him. Then in later episodes he uses that stone fist to punch the protagonist gargoyles in the face.
3:53 was anyone else thinking Gideon + Harrowhark from The Locked Tomb?
Best 'Good Guy' Righthand Man... Alfred - Batman, Multiple forms of media. "I drew you a bath sir..." - On a Piece of Paper "Perhaps you relied on my Master's vow against use of leathal force. Let me assure you that I subscribe to no such nicties" - Said while loading a shotgun.
The first Badass Right Hand Man I ever saw was Passpartout in “Around The World In 80 Days”.
How about a Trope Talk on The Chick?  You have done The Lancer, The Big Guy and The Smart Guy, what about the Chick or the Heart?
I am reminded of a peculiar twist in Wild Arms 2: the right-hand-woman to the badguy is Antenora, a woman from a town the Badguy wiped out. She went to work for him specifically BECAUSE she hates his guts. She works her way up the chain for the purpose of seducing him-- so that when the goodguys finally kill her, she knows it will hurt the Badguy as much as he hurt her. It's... warped.
I think that Zoro is the best right-hand man!
No man is an island ... except when's in the bath.
Want to mention for those who play D&D, Kas is a classic example of a right hand man, who even eventually betrayed his Boss Vecna.
👍💞👍
Do left hand man next, its much harder to define
I’m a simple women, I see Riza Hawkeye in the thumbnail and I watch! (Would have regardless but still!)
Ah, so Soundwave?
Thanks for the video.
Love it that Arcane is in this as well! You should update manic pixie trope with Jinx :))
Huh. Never would have thought that to see Kronk in the same category as Azula, Fox, Riza, and Shego given as that likeable as he is, his incompetence arguably defines him more than his loyalty to Yzma. Whereas all the other four are hypercompetent badasses.  I don't disagree that he counts. It's just a weird realization.
Read and/or watch Ascendance of a Bookworm. The series is basically "oops, all right-hand mans". Every character has at least 2-3 right hand mans at minimum, even the higher right hand mans themselves. Its part of their culture, because everyone's so specialised and needs an individual person to do each and every task.
Apparently I don't need audio to hear "you're a bad friend"
The first thought I had going into the video was Violet Evergarden, but she had more of a transition from unfeeling robot treated as a weapon to an emotional person (with badass ofc)
This is the first trope talk where I’ve experienced every piece of media in the video
While not strictly a right hand man dynamic, I must say I love evil but very much in love couples,best example being the briarwoods from critical role
Now I want to see an evil dragon villain right hand man dynamic where the villain is super paranoid that the dragon will betray them specifically because there the villain's strongest asset. But the dragon is just super in love with the villain and is just awkward and nervous and terrible at showing their feelings. I'm imagining something like, the dragon is always sneaking looks at the villain or stalking them like what Hollywood thinks is romantic but is actually still creepy. The villain notices this and thinks it's threatening but knows they can't take the dragon or afford to stop working with them so they give more and more rewards to the dragon as a "don't betray be bribe" while at the same time trying to make better plans attempting to maintain a strong image. This in turn confuses the dragon because they think the rewards are romantic gifts but they see no change in how the villain acts towards them, so the dragon stalks them some more to try and understand the villain's feelings. But at the same time the dragon is invigorated by the positive reinforcement and works harder to fulfill the villains plans, which scares the boss more because now the dragon is both stronger and stalking them more. And it just becomes a lope of them getting stronger and more awkward around each other. I don't know what the heroes will think about this, but they'll definitely see this villain dragon duo as a serious threat that grows in power just as much as the heroes.
I  blame American Romanticism.
Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad & Better Call Saul
All through this I kept expecting to see Smithers and Mr. Burns.  Good example of several of the points here. (OK, I've been watching too much Simpsons lately.)
How did you make it all the way through this without covering the Right Hand Chain that is Hordak > Shadow Weaver > Catra?
Kid named finger
but what if they are left handed
I literally started Hellsing a week ago, duh
Awesome video
I gotta give a shoutout to my favorite right-hand man: the rascal. There to give levity to an otherwise stoic and straight forward character, they are typically the dragon for the villan in kids cartoons. And while they will usually takes scorn in strides, they can be used to great dramatic effect when their boss decides to kick them out, to signal a breakdown.
I always saw myself as a sort of villainess right hand man as a kid. I never knew that archetype was called “dragon”. 16 year old me is pretty stoked.
And then there's the ULTIMATE Right Hand Man: Samwise Gamgee.
All so amazing.. No complaints. I love that I know most of the shows you use as examples
Given how many different types of right hands were presented in this video, is there such a thing as a left hand man? I feel like I’ve heard that term somewhere before.
so what kind of situation do Dr John Watson and Sherlock Holmes fall into ? kinda surprised they didn't make it into the video ... i'd say Watson is sort of the bodyguard type (what with his military background) but he is not limited to it so it blurs the lines a little
another great example of “dragon with a connection to one of the heroes” is the six fingered man and inigo montoya from the princess bride!!
Would agent Stone from the Sonic movies count as a right hand man. And if so what kind?
As a left handed person, I was sincerely hoping this would be a discussion of "left/right-ness" in stories :(
Now I want to watch American Dragon 🐲  see ta later!
You see a lot of Villains with loved ones, or at least friends, in Shadow of Mordor. Orcs will be saddened when you kill their blood-brothers and seek revenge
What's the show at 11:20?
I love the sophistiquote men in black "It's well documented that while individual people are pretty smart, groups of people are pretty stupid because the pressure of the group makes it artificially difficult for the members of the group their own judgement to decide what they should actually do" - "a person is smart, people are dumb, panicky animals and you know it!"
Has there been a “Trope talk: The rage transformation” video yet?
This video made me realize Miss Amane from Death Note is just the e-girl version of Harley Quinn
3:48 Is that Harrow and Gideon?!
One of my favorite instances of Dragons has to be Hunter x Hunter with its Chimera Ant arc, with the three bodyguards of the King. Going to try and avoid spoilers but its interesting as each is a dragon, representing a major physical threat to the protagonists that they have to overcome, and each having an undying loyalty to the king. The interesting part is that each really have a different view on what exactly "undying loyalty to the king" means.   Pitou is loyal to the king as a person, and thus when asked to do something by him for highly personal reasons he does so without hesitations because he recognizes that it is important to the king. In contrast Pouf is loyal to the idea of the king, or rather what he thinks the king should be. And thus goes behind hi back and has plans to remove things he considers getting in the way of what the king should be. And then finally Youpi is loyal to the king because its his job, no more and no less. He doesn't have any great personal connection with the king like Pitou but also isn't obsessed with the king being a certain thing like Pouf, as far as he is concerned he is the king and he is the bodyguard and that's all that matters. This difference in loyalty is best shown when the king asks them all what his name is. Pouf responds he doesn't need a name because he is "The King" and that alone describes what he is. Youpi responds that the question is outside of his abilities to answer. And Pitou responds that the King should choose whatever name he like the most.    In short the three royal guards are a fascinating case of dragons as each have their own definition of loyalty and each show how being loyal to something or someone can take many different forms, and where they go as characters is each informed by there views on loyalty. Pitou learning a certain level of empathy, Pouf going off the deep end, and Youpi gaining a sense of honor.
I feel the trope talks are so in-depth that it could make it a lot easier to come up with a novel idea by testing and twisting these tropes. Make something new and interesting because these videos did such a great job breaking down what works for different tropes. You take what works and twist in some things that can subvert these expectations to make a more captivating story.
An interesting right-hand man is Alfred Pennyworth from Batman. He's (usually) not a fighter, or often involved in the plot, but you can't have a Batman story without Alfred. In fact, many stories stress the fact that Batman simply could not exist without Alfred's support. Pretty good for a character that was nothing more than expected set dressing when Batman was created (1939)
I’m here to make the Hamilton reference  That is all
I hate this world where is the Left hand man. Why do people discriminate against me in this way
Wasn't Walter's Motivation that Alucard never returned his feelings? Or was it, that he was just feed up on Alucard's Attitude?
This pretty much describes pre-betrayal Soukoku. Though they still are VERY spicy in present day when they are forced to work together 😂
My favorite use of the right hand man trope is actually a pair of them: Zoro and Sanji from One Piece. Zoro is the more normal kind, in the sense that he's the second strongest character, and also the physical support in cases where Luffy needs it. But, Sanji is more of an emotional support (support is often via Sanji's world-class cooking ability) right hand man, though he's no slouch himself when it comes to fighting. They cover each other's weaknesses as well, with Sanji's smart planning balancing out Zoro's moronic moments (see: any time Zoro has to navigate an area on his own) and Zoro's pure strength and insane pain tolerance stepping up when Sanji can't. Add in their hilarious rivalry, and these two are fantastic right hand men.
Fantastic video, I was waiting for just the two of us at the end
One heroic bodyguard Trope I really like is the dependent bodyguard. This is usually only seen when the bodyguard is the muscle to a smart guy, but it's interesting to see how some bodyguards grow dependent on having their choices made for them and when they're seperated from their bosses, temperarily or permanently, they have to figure out how to do things by themselves.  Fav example is Akatsuki from Log Horizon.
Is it just me, or is the closed captioning on this one nonexistent?
The dragon is the foil to the lancer. Right? As in Saint George used a lance to kill the dragon.
Shego and drakken are top tier :)
"This trope is all over the place in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood" It's also in the good version.
I wonder if the "Dragon" comes from the Order of the Dragon via its rather infamous Wallachian member.  Vlad Dracul (Vlad II, not the impaler) was a member of this order, and that's where he got the style Dracul.  Vlad III's Dracula (son of the Dragon) is the one who's actually well known today, but etymology gets fuzzy even when it's not just a tiny internet community coming up with names for tropes.    Or it could just be that this type of right hand man is functionally as terrifying as the BBEG having a dragon on a leash.  Vader certainly could be considered the Emperor's pet dragon, going by his body count.
I think one of the most interesting "Right-Hand Man" arcs, (at least for me,) was in "The Avengers" tv series.  (1961-69, and 1976-77)  Now that's a relationship that went through a lot of changes.  I'd say Steed started as the Right-Hand Man, but eventually changed to having a Right-Hand Man and or Woman. As always thank you so very much for the video.
Thanks for the video Red.
DEAD THE MAN AND DEAD THE HAND, SHARP THE BLADE AND SHARP THE FANG FOR NO MATTER HOW TALL THEY STAND, WHEN IRON RESTS WE SEE THEM HANG - War chant of Hakram Deadhand of the Howling Wolves, the Adjutant, Right Hand to the Black Queen of Callow
Can i ask for writing advice?
I love when villains have reliable partners  Also pure evil power couples
Owen from Gargoyles is something of a subversion of the standard trope.  He's Xanatos's loyal subordinate and comes about a close to a friend as one can get in such a hierarchy, but he's not particularly badass.  He can fight - he's Xanatos's sparring partner for martial arts practice - but he rarely ever actually uses that ability.  Mostly, he's the extremely reliable and hypercompetent personal secretary, reminding Xanatos of appointments, managing the business side of things while Xanatos is busy going full megalomaniac, etc...but there's an edge to him that you rarely see in these characters.  When he wants to, he presents himself as having absolute authority - in some cases even more so than Xanatos himself.  (Mostly because the latter tends to revel in situations whereas Owen is just....cold, efficient, all business.
When red was speaking about the Boss-bodyguard relationship, I thought Artemis Fowl was going to brought up. Personally I think it is a perfect execution of the trope.
Cannot believe you made a right hand man trope talk without talking about the character literally called right hand man in the Henry stickmin collection
A really good example in my opinion of a bodyguard betrayal is that of Dwight Schrute in the office. He feels compelled to betray Michael to save the Scranton branch, while also being compelled by his desire for a higher position in the company that has always been an important motivation in his behaviour.
Soundwave vs Airachnid: The right-hand man who is WAY too busy and tired for this crap versus the would-be Starscream.
"people need people or else they stop acting like people" is a good line.
Levi and Erwin.  Right-hand man is deeply personally invested in protecting his boss, but chooses to let him go to serve a higher goal.
Kinda miss Red's singing outros
I feel like the only part of this trope that i was looking for that you missed is “right hand man is the brains, villain is a dumbass” where you have this logical vs emotional dynamic that makes the right hand man by all accounts more powerful than the villain, but for whatever reason they stay loyal (until maybe they don’t)
Despite Starscream's scheming, Predaking's fury, and Dreadwing's might, it's always fun to think Megatron's true Dragon was always Soundwave.
I think one of my favorite Villainous Right-Hand man dynamics is Makoto Shishio and Yumi Komagata from Rurouni Kenshin. (Spoilers for that arc, I guess btw)  Yumi legitimately loved Shishio to the point that she was willing to jump in front of Shishio and take a killing blow for him. But Shishio doesn't do the whole "OH SHE SACRIFICED HERSELF FOR ME I'M SO SAD ABOUT IT." Instead, he says she did a good job and proceeds to stab through her body to hit the good guy. And she was still alive during that. But again, she didn't do the expected "HE STABBED ME I CAN'T BELIEVE HE'D DO THAT." She just felt happy that she could help him land a blow on the hero. That always stuck out to me and it's kinda one of my favorite parts of the manga. (Even if I can't really enjoy the manga too much anymore because of reasons)
The idea of two villians deeply caring about each other, reminds me of s&d tier on tiktok
Ghirahim is probably the rare example of a Dragon who would be pissed if his boss didn't use him as a power up.  He's a freaking sentient sword and is probably the happiest when someone is wielding him for his intended purpose. Turns out Demise is the only one who can do that.  (Except maybe Link with the power gauntlets on, but even then it'd be as a two handed weapon.)
Really enjoyed learning about the villain's right hand man. The dragon.
Can we get the Bacchae?
I haven't finished the video but when I saw Miles Morales for the example, it brought joy to my heart knowing I just watched it yesterday! All I can say is, this is gonna be a good one. Alright, editing this after I saw the whole thing but this dynamic seems a lot more fulfilling than I thought! I especially love the ones with romance~
One aspect of the right hand man that was not mentioned is that the right-hand man is supposed to keep their bosses worst intentions in check. Mustang and Hawkeye is a good example of this. As Mustang ordered Hawkeye to shot him if he ever used his fire for anything out of line. An order that reals in his wrath close to the end.
When you started talking about twists on the Villain-Henchman relationship, I felt like you were going to mention Owen from Gargoyles -- and so I was surprised but pleased to see the Captain of the Guard (and later Fox) instead.  Owen's an interesting twist -- a Dragon with his own agenda, far more powerful than his boss, but willingly limiting himself for his own purposes, and not at cross-purposes to his boss at all.  I suppose he doesn't fall neatly into common tropes because of that, but he's a darned interesting character.
Also, I think Designated Hero and Villain is a good trope to discuss.
Everyone keeps talking about right-hand men, but no one remembers the left-hand men. :(
Something I find delightful in the Castlevania games is that Dracula and Death have the villainous friendship variant of this going. One of the games even gives Death the description "Dracula's confidant", and while Dracula DOES use him as a power up once, it's purely because Death specifically told him to and wouldn't do lasting harm. It's just nice to see villains that genuinely like each other.
Not sure if this has any legitimacy, but the Dragon being a counterpart to the Lancer makes sense when you consider Dragons being defeated by lance wielding heroes. Essentially, the Dragon is the villain to the guy wielding the lance, aka the Lancer.
5:55 wait, does that mean in Jackie Chan adventures valmont was the dragon to the dragon shendu?
Hey alucards hat isn't silly
An interesting take on this trope occurs in Fire Emblem: Three Houses with two of the house leaders, Dimitri and Edelgard, in which while Dedue serves the classic kind of dynamic to Dimitri after he was saved from a massacre in response to the Tragedy of Duscur, Hubert is more of the clever, scheming behind-the-scenes guy who devotes his loyalty as an advisor to Edelgard. While Edelgard is an intelligent tactician and skilled leader in her own right, she mainly does more of the outwards in the open "big guy" things like leading her troops into the battlefield, whereas Hubert is mainly a chessmaster who does more of the dirty, underhanded and clandestine stuff needed to realize Edelgard's goals. This contrast makes even more sense in gameplay, with Edelgard being an incredibly strong fighter in melee combat, while Hubert is the mage.  As a result, Dimitri and Edelgard contrast each other not only in character, goals, beliefs, and ideals, but also in relation to their right-hand men.
One thing I did was have the right hand man, and BBEG be married for in a reverse isekai story which made a lot of people think they were gay at first, but then they realized that demons can just change their gender a will like biblical demons if I am correct so gender and sexuality really aren’t factors for them.
one of my favorite instances of the right hand man is Artemis Fowl's Butler.
5:00 like honey and takashi in ouran host club
WE ARE OUTGUNNED (WHAT) OUTMANNED (WHAT) OUTNUMBERED OUTPLANNED (WHAT) WE GOTTA MAKE IT ALL OUTSTAND AYO IM GONNA NEED A RIGHTHAND MAN  idk why i felt the need to comment this lol idek if i got the lyrics right
Why watching about writing stories feels better than watching actual stories....
Holy fucking shit Riza Hawkeye is in the thumbnail lets fucking goooooooooo.
A comment for the algorithms!
I love seeing the owl house beign referenced.
7:39 that “kill them yourself” bit reminds me Shigure Rangetsu from Tales of Berseria. He’s definitely the most powerful of the Abbey other than possibly Artorias himself but he only serves him because he’s waiting for Artorias to get back to full strength so they can have a proper fight.
The Warrior of Light is this for whatever Scion/Grand Company Leader they happen to be standing closest to at the time.  Character: On no! We have a Problem! WoL: . . . . Problem: [dies]
Alice from the Spooks Apprentice series by Joseph Delaney would fall into this category, I think
Alucard's hat might be silly, but you're lying if you say you wouldn't wear it.
‘Least obligation to be badass’ <pan to Ryker>
is it just me or is the Big Guy and Smart Guy sketch based on Gideon and Harrow from the Locked Tomb trilogy
Could you do a video on school-related tropes, particularly ones about unusual schools such as (sticking for the moment to the TVTropes names) Academies of Adventure, Superhero Schools, Wizarding Schools, Academies of Evil, Schools for Scheming, All-Ghouls Schools, etc.?
Surprised I’m seeing no comments abt OFMD since Izzy somehow manage to hit most of these character tropes.
I'm so glad shego showed up, I was looking for her the entire video.
One of my favourite boss-right hand man relationships is Seymour Cheese and Bad Bird from Samurai Pizza Cats where both are separately aware that the underling has the competence in the relationship.
Examples would be helpful -- Easy and Mouse, f'r instance.
Red drawings are always getting funnier. It is truly remarkable
I was expecting Star Wars, ATLA, and FMA:B in this trope talk. I was NOT READY for clips from The Owl House’s Hollow Mind
one example of a Protagonist Right hand man would be Mikazuki from Mobile Suit Gundam Iron-Blooded Orphans. And that's interesting as he is kind of the main character. But his main motivation constantly remains that he is doing this for the boss. he is doing this for his Orga. even after Orga dies Mika gets in his mobile suit to hold off the enemy so everyone else can get away. because that is what Orga asked him to do. it gets even more interesting because the dependence Mika has on Orga is quite clearly unhealthy. if Orga asks Mika to kill someone? he will not even question it because Orga told him to. and this gets even prominent after season 1 since now Mika isn't just emotionally but physically reliant on Orga due to injury. however this isn't a one way street as Orga clearly does care for Mikazuki and the rest of the main characters. i don't know i just thought it was a great example where again the right hand man (Mika) has a boss who does a lot of the planning and running stuff (Orga)
Man, FMA was really useful for this video, huh?
My favorite example of this is the left and right hands of the divine (Cassandra and Leliana) in Dragon Age Inquisition. We never really see them acting as those roles (since the divine is dead) but we see how they grieve and try to find a new purpose over the course of the game.
oh yea it's all coming together
I saw what did there, talking about The Dragon and used Predaking as an example. Good one👍
Righ hand mans are always the characters I love the most, and if they betrayed the main villian, that's the good, expensive stuff, because it's just really shocking, another version I saw that is quite close is that the villian who has a crush on the main villian, after when she finds out that the main villian was taken by the season's main villian group and the right hand man underlings helps them to grab the main villian and save, btw, this comes bsd
You should do a deep dive into Epiphet Errassed.
I understand why the extensive use of Full Metal Alchemist. It's very well rappresented in that show. What is surprising to me is the compleat absence of Varrick and Zhu Li. They are a very emblematic representation of this duo dynamic. No other paring do the thing like they do.
If anyone here has seen Legends of Tomorrow season 2, the dynamics between all the members of the Legion of Doom is a brilliant reversal of the stereotypes about right hand men. Reverse Flash starts off seeing himself as the de facto leader, but the rest of the Legion get fed up with being treated as minions and trap him long enough to the point where he has to reveal that the Black Flash is after him, and he has to trust them in order to defeat it long enough to escape, and from then on, he's still more or less the leader, but they're all on much more even ground. Whatever you may think of the series, it's a really interesting dynamic and a great episode.
Okay, I absolutely love the frame you drew at 15:23 . It needed to be said, that one is just brilliant, its perfect, I love it.
Gotta say, sometimes "We'll pick you up after the bossfight" is the best, most supportive and important thing you can say.
I looooooove villain dragon duos they’re cute and cool and are sooooo flexible
So a place that can do this quite good is Wrestling, the best two off the top of my head are batista turning on HHH and Wardlow turning on MJF
Gotta say, this is one of my favourite troupes and it's great to watch your video on it.
Do a video on interspecies relationship or feral beings
Hellsing's betrayal by Walter against the Hellsing organization is something I find fascinating, and feeds into its larger themes. Indeed, part of why I like to call Hellsing an "Exploitation Opera"; like an Exploitation Film (with its gratuitous violence, sleaziness, and Nazis), but given an operatic tone, scale, and emotional complexity. Characters go on grand, Shakespearean soliloquies about their motivations, meditating on philosophy and their role as heroes or monsters.  When we first meet Walter, he's a loyal bodyguard to Integra, a friend to Alucard, and a grandfatherly mentor to Saras. But as we learn more about him, we learn (and see) he was/is a badass vampire hunter in his own right. That his facade as a genteel English servant belies a capacity for violence, a contempt for his enemies, and even an arrogance.  When his betrayal is revealed, we learn that he, like the Nazi vampires of Millennium, has a desire to either gain another victory in battle or die trying. That he was a cocky, vampire-hunting warrior since his formative youth, and that all these emotional attachments to the protagonists is a NEW thing. That he was planning to betray Hellsing for years, possibly since WWII or sometime after. And while he does, indeed, go through with the plan, it's obvious he didn't expect to feel as bad about betraying his friends. Especially Saras, who was _really_ new to his life, and still thanked him for what he did for her.   While Alucard was ready to give his friend the fight he badly wanted (even if he ultimately had nothing but contempt for traitors), and Integra ordered Walter be killed like any other enemy (even if doing so visibly pained her), Saras still treated him like the mentor he was to her. A response that both took Walter off guard and made him respond with sincerity in kind.  Again, like Millennium, Walter was a relic of an earlier age, a killing machine that desired fighting and victory for its own sake. Beating Alucard was his driving motivation. But so was his desire not to fade away and be forgotten. He would rather become an ignoble villain in this Tragic play - the traitor deserving of a traitor's death - than wither to nothing. And as befits a Tragedy, his attempt fails and his betrayal was for nothing. _He_ ultimately failed to kill Alucard, Millennium "killed" him. Walter gained no satisfaction from it all. And ultimately he died, his only redemption coming from ensuring that no trace of Millennium would go on to trouble the world in the future.
Genuinely surprised Mirage from the Incredibles wasn't shown or mentioned, she fits into this trope perfectly.
First I like. Than, I watch
It's not going to talk about loyal best friends
Team Four Star does an okay job of semi-rationalizing Walter's betrayal in their abridged series by saying that Walter had a forbidden love for Alucard but that it slowly grew into resentment and a desire to kill him instead. . . At least that was my takeaway.
sesshomaru might not be the best example of taking care of a kid, what with the hikaru genji ploy (or reverse) that ends up canonically happening via the sequel-with-kids
I beg you, i plead with you. Upload a version of this video without 17 minutes of spinning monkeys playing in the background.
I'm pretty sure "The Dragon" is a reference to the book of revelations
People need people is the entire point of Mob Psycho 100. Go watch it if you haven't. Its spectacular
Æ
Best version of a Dragon Accendant is Kefka. He's obviously the biggest threat and his boss is only a bigger villain because he's the leader of the enemy and has Kefka on a leash. However, Kefka not only betrays the boss, he also full on becomes a god and destroys the world and the rest of the game is basically you trying to get the party back together, fix as much as you can before going off and beating him
Thank you for the video.
10:25 don't you remember Red? The reason he wanted to kill Alucard was cuz he wanted to fuck Alucard. The abridged did a better job with Walter than the actual series.
There is a spot in my heart for the mauler twins, who needs a right hand man when you have your self?
One part of this trope that is VERY IMPORTANT and I think Red overlooked is that it's possible to have multiple Right-Hand Men. Two examples come to mind. Thanos from Marvel, and Sheev Palpatine from Star Wars.  Sheev is much more complicated, so we'll start with Thanos first. Thanos throughout his time in the MCU has had 3-4 Dragons. The first 2 we see are from *The Avengers:* Loki (my beloved) and The Other. In *Guardians of the Galaxy* we get introduced to the radical and zealous Ronan the Accuser, who then promptly offs The Other. Finally we had Ebony Maw, who acts as Thanos' hype-man for the entirety of Infinity War and as his chief scientist for one scene in Endgame. Yes, technically he is Thanos' son, but he is loyal to a fault.  Sheev has Darth Vader of course, but he also has the Sith Inquisition that mysteriously everyone seems to expect. He also has the Empire's own CO Team 6 in the form of the Inferno Squadron.
I approve of the shoutout to the Locked Tomb in the Big Guy/Smart Guy panel at 3:50
Battle butler, great phrase
They always forget about the Left-Hand man... _Nearly always overshadowed..._
'Heck, giving a villain a kid to take care of is one of the traditional fast tracks to redemption arcs' *shows Sesshomaru and Rin* Hahaha hoo boy hehahaha yikes I dunno about that one considering where the sequel series takes that relationship
Right hand man is my favorite archetype of DnD character to play. It gives you so much direction that I like having for improv.
Ooh, I think I can come up with a reason why the RHM is called the Dragon and it stems back from the example from the Xanatos Gambit page. The villain gets challenged to combat and loses, so they set the dragon on the heroes and before the heroes can finish the villain off, they get eaten by the dragon. With a small bit of retooling at the end, the heroes get defeated or stalled by the Dragon and the villain escapes to survive or wins. The interesting thing with this is the fact that it also can be interpreted as the destructive arm of the main villain, they are sent in for scorched earth tactics and when you want to leave nobody alive or at least strike fear into the hearts of everyone who does manage to escape.
Surprises Mercy and Luthor didn't show up as examples
I have a sneaking suspicion that the dynamics depicted in BERSERK will be in it's own trope talk or equivalent. (Well one can hope it will get it's time in the sun)
So would Sylas and Delilah Briarwood be a Dragon + Villain relationship, with Sylas as the Dragon?
Amos Burton says hello!
What the heck? Why this didn't appear in my notifications? I'm subscribed and I hit the Bell.
One fun way I've the bodyguard thing be handled is when the bodyguard develops feelings for their boss, but their boss doesn't return them and now has to figure out a way to handle this unwanted affection considering you want to be honest, but if handled too bluntly, said bodyguard can get back you with by simply letting one or two hits past them, which could be a right hook to the jaw-or a 12 gauge to the face.   One show I saw which I can't recall the name of actually did this, with the boss showing that they care deeply for their bodyguard, but only as a friend and was pretty bad at making that known, so the bodyguard for a time, thought those feelings were returned, only to see their master kissing someone else, so they snapped, with those feelings and the other complicated emotions of the cast driving them to become the new villain. And because of their knowledge, experience and general badass-ness, they were arguable the biggest threat the heroes ever faced.   I  wish I recalled the name of the show, but I do recall that they also got their own BG and said BG started catching feelings for them so now they had some feeling of what their former boss must have gone through as they didn't know if they loved their BG since most of their reason for being bad is related to the love they still feel towards their former boss. It ended with them getting a bit of a redemption act, and getting together with the new BG.
YES, there was a Star Trek reference!
"Either you can end up falling in love with them or you just kill them yourself "  OR BOTH
5:26 For example, whenever a single character needs to carry the entire 501st in certain episodes of The Clone Wars (especially Rex in Trespass).
I feel like the most painful betrayal is when the dragon starts having a redemption arc and *then* the villain kills them
Did anyone else not get an alert that this was released? I'm subscribed with all bells, but it's not showing up.
showing Pearl and Rose as an example of the bodyguard caring too much about their partner almost too much is very fitting. Rose tried so hard to address that imbalance in their relationship but Pearl wouldn't listen. The point in Sworn to the Sword where Pearl blurted "Why won't you let me do this for you, Rose?" clearly shows that they had argued about this in the past. I will never understand the people that think Rose used Pearl and didn't care about her well being when even going off this episode alone it was clear that she cared deeply for Pearl.
I've always loved this trope, especially the villain version. In the manga Kimetsu no Yaiba, the main villain Muzan sees his dragon, Upper Rank 1 Kokushibo, as his "business partner". Pretty nice, ngl
Red have you seen the video game Rabbids party of legends. It’s based on journey to the west. I think it would be really cool if you reviewed it and went through how accurate it is.
I love these kinds of characters like Selvaria Bless from Valkyria Chronicles. She's a powerful screw the main character squad button and bodyguard to the main boss Prince Maximilian. But in general the Valkyria Chronicles games have a bunch of right hand men that are really well written
Would Violet Evergarden count as a right-hand-man without the boss?
Ok, I now want a "I don't do matching T-shirts" shirt.
This is literally the FMAB trope talk and I do not mind one bit.
HELLSING REFERENCE DETECTED
Hither to unseen hype
I honestly love this trope and whenever I play a cooperative storytelling game, it's usually the role I slot myself into.
Can I just give the feedback that I *love* the way you define characters and archetypes with colours. I'm neurodivergant and sometimes struggle to follow faces and names when there are a lot of them, but the colour coding helps me to easily track what you're discussing and digest it better.
YouTube has me in an auto play loop of this video and legal eagles “musk pulls out” video  Honestly, not mad about it
3:51 ...... Is that Harrow and Gideon from TLT trilogy?
Thinking about the media that's currently taking up every inch of my brain, one of my favorite right hand men right now is definitely Horatio from Hamlet. ESPECIALLY because he tries to kill himself as Hamlet's succumbing to the poison (because he failed at his "purpose" to protect Hamlet,) but is stopped by Hamlet and given a NEW purpose: to tell the truth about Hamlet's story after he is gone.  Idk I just think that's neat. Thanks Shakespeare.
the VA of *Azula* also voiced *Delilah Briarwood* from "Legend of Vox Machina", who has an AMAZING dragon in her husband *Sylas Briarwood.* I don't know why, but I think that's oddly fitting, or perhaps karmic.
I always thought it was neat that Megatron's three right-hand men in Transformers were defined/differentiated by their individual loyalties- Starscream to himself, Soundwave to Megatron, and Shockwave to Cybertron.
Ok, now I want to see a trope talk about 'The Starscream.'
I imagine it's called the dragon because they can be flipped easier. Which could be a reference to gold dragon in showing. Where the gold General flips the be a dragon general.
Not sure sesshomaru is a good example of looking after a child turn them good. She did but he also gave her twins as soon as she turned 18
I very much appreciate the Gideon the Ninth reference as the big guy smart guy example doodle!
I love that you put Hunter/Caleb in here. The boi needs coco, a blanket, and a hug.
Bugg (to Tehol) is still my favourite of the right hand man dynamics!
I always wondered how strict this trope was, just because the character is so often varied. A right-hand man can be a lot of things, sometimes not even the "badass" or "dragon."
15:30 One of my favorite conclusions to this development is when the Villain realizes that pursuing his goals would put the Dragon into too much danger (possibly fataly so), so he actually decides to give up his evil ambitions because the safety of the Dragon means more to him than that. Very heartwarming.
I am a little disappointed with the lack of Castlevania call outs in this one. *Spoilers*     Dracula betrays Isaac, his right hand man... Because he genuinely cared about him and wanted to save his life. And Isaac was all "I am so betrayed! Noooo!" Because he genuinely cared about Dracula. It was also the scene where you realize that Dracula knew he wasn't going to win. Why else would he launch Isaac to another part of the world? If he thought Isaac was just too squishy he could have locked him up in a room until the fighting was over. Nope, he mirror yeeted Isaac miles away from danger because he knew he was going to die and he didn't want the same fate to fall to his beloved friend. *End spoilers*
I wonder if there's an unknown feeling in writers to make second-in-commands be more interesting characters than the ones in charge? 🤔
So what about the left hand man
A favorite right hand man is Peppermint Butler. He initially seems to just be one of the smarter candy people. But then you get this idea that he’s terrifyingly powerful and is sometimes just evil. He’s definitely willing to do things Bubblegum would never do.
2:07 "If lost return to Babe"  "I don´t do matching T-Shirts"  Its always worth to check the details in your videos.
Would spinel/pink diamond be a sort of cousin of this trope? Specifically the twisty betrayal version?
3:44 Is that a Locked Tomb reference??
I keep thinking about Thrawn and Eli/Pellion.
5:52 Is that why it's called "Dragon"? Because it's an evil lancer? Like a knight vs a dragon
Pearl is not in love with Rose. She has complicated feelings and is obsessed with her. Their relationship with Rose was of Master and "technically-not-a-slave", After a single pale Rose it became clear that the flashback in Rose's Scabbard wasn't of a rejected love confession. It was a flashback of Rose deciding to fake her own death and thus "freeing" Pearl, and Pearl just not being able to deal with the fact that she's going to be a free gem. She's such a believer in the ways of Gem society that she couldn't deal with the fact that she wasn't going to have a master anymore. And that way of thinking manifested as an almost suicidal obsession with Rose, because she never stopped thinking of her as Pink Diamond, and thus as her responsibility to serve her to the best of her abilities. Its not love, *its something WAY MORE FUCKED UP*.
Can I just say that I LOVE how many Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood Scenes are in this video? :‘D
How about a case where the Dragon is also a sort of moral compass? Say the big bad is about to order the destruction of a village because a child there threw a rock at them, only for the dragon to logic his anger away... The villain still kills the kid's family because evil but that's a few hundred people saved by the Dragon.
As an ex-henchman, thanks for this
I'm so glad you included Star Trek in this video.  I'm pretty sure Kirk and Spock are the OG trope
6:00 the right hand man would go to sound wave
Thanks, Red. Always good to pick up a few more tricks to beef up my TTRPG's. You, Blue, and the whole crew are the best.
I’m a tiny bit surprised that Queenen and Dignam or Costello and French from The Departed weren’t mentioned.  Also probably one of the best although somewhat briefly on screen villainous friendships is Moriarty and Moran from Sherlock Holmes A Game Of Shadows, if for no other reason that it is such a perfect mirror/foil of the dynamic between Holmes and Watson.
And interesting protagonist right-hand man betrayal was in The Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson Kaladin and Moash
Personal favorite is when the villan is the dragon to an even greater but usually vaguely defined evil and the original dragon does not agree with the boss' boss. Sure they will capture the hero team for the dark lord but only using their own or their boss' dark powers, stabbing the super evils chaos minion that got  sent allong in the back
Whhhhhheeeeeeee hhhhheeeeeee hererrrrr
I guess that in Berserk, Guts is the dragon?
Nice to see “skyward sword” still matters.
I've been waiting for Mike from Breaking Bad to be mentioned on this entire video. Gus & Mike should have gotten their own section made for them.
3:45 obligatory Locked Tomb reference in those designs?
I think the "Dragon" trope comes from what I've observed in a lot of classic stories that the Big Villain usually has Someone/something particularly powerful on a leash. In a lot of fantasy stories this typically takes the form of an ACTUAL Dragon. Like the guard to the Bad guy's evil castle, the weapon of mass destruction ready at a snap of their fingers, the powerful ally with shares goals etc.  Take mythical examples like the Dragon Fafnir of Norse legends. A lot of versions frame this Dragon as one of Loki's many devious creations to screw with the other Gods, but most notably in the tale of Sigurd. Where Loki charges Fafnir to stop Sigurd from completing his quest to become the greatest hero in the land and wake Brynhildr from her eternal sleep.
I was rewatching FMA:B recently, and saw the Mustang fights Scar in the rain, and gets saved by Hawkeye. And I’m kinda convinced that Roy charging in confidently only to have his power fail him wasn’t part of the plan. Scar is extremely cautious. He’s not going to let Hawkeye get a clean shot in. But he COULD be lured out of position with the threat and promise of a fight with a very prominent state alchemist. Roy charging him for the attack forces Scar to put all his focus on Mustang, both the stay alive AND because Scar wants to kill state alchemists. So he stops paying attention to Hawkeye for long enough for her to get into a prime position. I think this is intentional, not Roy forgetting his alchemy doesn’t work in the rain like a dummy. They then play it off because Hawkeye can’t resist the dig, and Roy still is demoralized by being ineffective in the rain, even if he knew that was going to be the case. Look at when he ducks - how did he know that would work? Because he knew Hawkeye was there.
There is a severe lack of arcane references
This just makes me think of rhm from Henry stickmin
My favorite character trope finally got a trope talk.
This was perfect timing since I was just yesterday thinking of a character I needed to get fleshed out but I told myself “I can figure him out later”. So thanks!
I feel like Eggman and Dr. Starline in the IDW Sonic comics are an interesting example of this
This whole trope I’m just thinking about Luffy and Zoro. Because while the whole crew is super loyal Zoro gets the most moments of true loyalty.  And for villains since one piece is about pirates every pirate we’ve fought has had a loyal crew in one form or another.  And I’m just really hoping blackbeard and his crew don’t struggle with this. I want. Blackbeard to love his crew like Luffy and white beard do.
I think something you missed out on is when the Right-Hand is killed in a dynamic where the person they're protecting actually cares about them. It can shake up a hero's world view and/or have them commit morally wrong actions/become antagonists. And it can create an "oh no" moment when the Big Bad gets off their throne to reveal just how powerful they are, and begin targeting characters specifically whereas before they didn't view the heroes as worth dealing with. Or it turns out that the Right-Hand was the only thing keeping the Big Bad tied to sanity and they throw caution to the wind, not caring for their own safety to achieve their goals or shifting their goals to a "burn the whole world" plan.  Also 1:13, can we please get a "Last of their Kind" Trope Talk?
I love it when the trope talks turn into ways Red can talk about how much she loves Avatar:TLA and FMA:B.
I need to watch that tangled show. The animation looks fantastic.
In FE3H, Edelgard's right hand man is in charge of a spy and assasin network and intimidates people by threatening to use them. Interestingly, instead of physically being a badass, while Edelgard commands the public sphere as the emperor, Hubert works in the shadows, arranging for "dirty work" to be done to make her path that much easier to walk. Also, HE'S the mage, and she's the fighter
I also think a dynamic between a right hand man and a left hand man is also fascinating. When two individuals both closely serve or are equated with someone for similar or opposite reasons is always intriguing, especially when they don’t get along or if there’s a conflict of interest caused by them or the person they are loyal to. Like a love triangle without the love part, and more like a “angle”.  Such is the relationship or pairing of starscream and soundwave in transformers prime. Starscream being the loud and proud elitist that “definitely” doesn’t want to betray megatron and soundwave who’s loyalty is so strong it goes unspoken and unquestioned. And for a gaming reference for any who knows because I’m drawing a blank on similar functions, the relation between Raime and Velstadt in dark souls 2.
People in here quoting Hamilton, while I’m here thinking about Something Rotten
The red-mustached guy from Henry stickmin is literally called right hand man
Shout-out to the villain and right-hand-man in Air Gear, a cool part of an otherwise bizarre manga. Sora and Nike are twin brothers, with Sora being the master planner main villain with surprise power of his own, and Nike being his dragon. It’s established that Nike is more powerful than Sora, and very intelligent in his own right, but he is subservient to Sora out of both brotherly affection and deeply-ingrained fear toward Sora.  During his final battle, Nike is confronted with the option to either see the light or realize he’s been wronged by Sora, but rather than go by the tropes and betray Sora in the end, he bends to sunk-cost fallacy and concludes that he’s done too many villainous things to deserve to go back on it all now, and it’s this mental break between his drive and doubts that leaves him vulnerable and ultimately taken out of the fight. Sora, meanwhile, is merely disappointed that his pawn has been taken out, erasing any possibility of the trope leading to the boss caring for their right hand.  Also the final battle between Nike and the lancer of the hero group is the peak of that bizarre series, and is way more satisfying than anything the actual main character is undergoing with Sora.
and not a single Spock/Kirk visual
Idea: Classic Evil Emperor Boss hellbent on world domination, Right Hand Man is the second in command and totally believes the propaganda. The Boss sees their RHM as a love interest but can't show it in any obvious ways because of the employment dynamic, so the RHM assumes that they're just being rewarded for their loyalty. Eventually the rebel heroes convince the RHM that world domination does not equal world peace, then the RHM stabs the Boss in the back, the Boss then responds "I still love you" and the RHM puts 2 & 2 together and realizes that their boss was constantly showing them affection, just not in a way that would derail the government. Now the RHM becomes a violent force of nature trying to kill the heroes for tricking him into killing their Boss who actually loved them.
I'm a (simp)le person, I see Roy and Riza, I click.
Babe, wake up, new Trope Talk just dropped.
I think a super fun example of a Right Hand Man is the Mayor from Monkie Kid, the unhinged Brawn to the level-headed Brains that is Lady Bone Demon. [S3 SPOILERS BELOW]             Essentially, the Boss lady bone demon explicitly says that she doesn't need him to complete her plans and straight up takes his power away to possess the hero's mentor. Instead of being devastated, he remains happily loyal and believes that his Lady's plan will succeed.
"Overly!" *10 minutes later* "Why... why did you spoil Helsing the same hour I add it to my list?:
This episode was sponsored by Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood! For all your dynamic and complex character relation needs, Arakawa has you covered!
Ah, another WorldAnvil sponsorship! Nice.  I would totally use the promo code and be supportive, Red, but I'm unfortunately a member since 2018 :) Still view it as worth it...
Locke and Jean are probably the best boss and right hand man in all of fiction
This is exactly what i needed thanks
My personal favorite version of this trope is one I haven't seen in anything other than Stephen and Calvin Candy's relationship in Django Unchained in which the right hand man is actually the one truly in charge.
This is my favorite trope. Is so fun seeing how those characters bounce of each other.
yeah new video!
Red, how dare you not even use a still photo of Megamind and Minion in this video.
Red you should watch suits that have multiple right hand man and dragon characters
How about the trope when a pawn character (stormtrooper, orc, death eater) is the main villain.
oh i actually caught the video kinda early, i thought this video was one that came out a year ago and i missed lol
Bob from Batman 89
I wanna see a version of this where the villains are a couple with a kid and while they are evil they still are parents and care for each other.
I love the way our flag means death handled this dynamic with Izzy and Blackbeard. In the first few episodes, it looks like Izzy is the dragon and Blackbeard is the villain, but that gets quickly turned on it’s head when Blackbeard comes into the show and becomes Ed. Izzy, however, has such a sense of loyalty towards Blackbeard that when he no longer recognizes the man he used to serve he starts to break down. I’m not sure if his feelings toward Blackbeard could be considered love, as it is a very toxic relationship, but Izzy’s sick sense of loyalty to him goes beyond his position as second in command.
I love how the Big guy/Smart guy example art is very clearly Gideon and Harrow from the Locked Tomb series, absolutely incredible and a great example of a spicy protagonist boss/right hand relationship
It would've been interesting to talk about General Tarquin & Malack from Order of the Stick
Speaking of Avatar - would Zhu Li be classed as a right-hand-man, or would that be a different trope?
Demiurg ND albedo,  which one is ains right hand?
Most obvious right-hand example not mentioned in the video: Artemis Fowl's bodyguard literally called Butler (maybe she skipped it because the memory of the movie is still too painful).
A dynamic I would have liked to have seen explored in the video is when the hero is the villain's right hand man by some necessity.
1:11 Escaped government experiments. I thought you said escaped garment experiments.
Thank you thank you thank you for including Shego!!!
Oof, the "mild vs spicy" comparison with the "So, we good?" and "You tell me, boss" while they're both evil-grinning... Das some gooood shiz right there! O///O
Marcus Agrippa was a real life right-hand man. Having a boss: Augustus, and being a badass: built a harbor and navy from scratch to face Sextus Pompey and the entire Roman fleet.
Talk to me Goose! Talk to me
I  think in the transformers the best right-hand man for Megatron would be Soundwave...it just fits.
Any man who can live alone is Beast or God. -Aristotle.
Would Rattlesnake Jake from Rango be considered a dragon?
Regarding the people need people to survive thing. I think it was the natz! who did and experiment where they had two groups of babies and treated them the same except one group received contact with each other and other people and the other group didn’t. The isolated group died despite having food and water
Starscream is definitely not a right hand man archetype, so would Soundwave better fit that role? Or is there not a clear example in Transformers?
I was waiting for a mention of The Henry Stickmin Collection, in which the right hand man's name literally is Right Hand Man, and his dynamic with his boss is "villains who obviously care a LOT about each other and are extremely loyal to one another" (whether their feelings are romantic is subject of furious debate). I'm not surprised it wasn't mentioned, since it doesn't seem like something Red would look into, but their relationship is really interesting!
Best right hand man in media Zoro from One Piece. He’s not even my favorite character in that series but I cannot deny how cool he is.
Hopper and Molt from a bug's life. H: "I swear, if I hadn't promised mother, on her deathbed, that I wouldn't kill you... I'd kill you!" M: "And believe me, no one appreciates that more than me."
This is why I find the relationship between Vader and Palpatine very interesting due to the fact that though they are very much Dragon and Big Bad, they for the most part are actively trying to screw each other over because of how Sith are. I mean in legends, Vader starts the rebellion via Starkiller for the sole purpose of replacing Palpatine as emperor. And it is a tragic case due to the fact that Anakin at first was trying to find a way to save padme, and his path led him to Palpatine who straight up said “sure I can help you save your wife, just join the dark side and help me take over the republic and kill Jedi and younglings.”
I think a great dragon ascended story is the Revan and Malek story from Knights of the Old Republic. Malek was never as smart, cunning, or powerful as Revan but used trickery to try and take over, as is expected among the sith. What he didn't know was just how badly that would backfire for him. He was a brutal leader who was more like a sledgehammer to Revan's scalpel. But Revan beats him in the end by still being that scalpel after Malek's failed assassination attempt.
I forgot it with Friday and gasped when I saw this. Thanks Red my day is a little bit better! (:
What I really want to see is an "evil king" with a caring sibling, parent or child that walks in on the "hero" killing them that then becomes the new protagonist.
The fact that it's called the Starscream says a lot about how good of a right hand robot they were
Bleach took the Dragon Redemption to a whole other level by revealing that the Dragon had only joined the villain in the first place to eventually bring him down. Like a lot of things in Bleach, it didn't make much sense, but it was plenty surprising.
Man this is done so well in the guide (pge). I wont spoil it but they have alot of those dynemics and break and sub ert them alot
If you can, I would love to see a Trope Talk on "body swapping" but with a twist...  I want the episode to be hosted by Blue who is, for whatever reason, acting a lot like Red.
the villain right hand is called "the dragon" because in several early video games (Zelda, Haidlide, etc) you had to fight a dragon _immediately_ before the real final boss.
3:44 Is an almost exact visual representation of Gideon the Ninth
A villain/dragon dynamic I really enjoy is the 'long suffering servant' where the dragon visibly dislikes the villain but puts up with it for personal reasons. It's another way to make a tragic dragon by having them be so clearly better than the villain they serve and suffering for their loyalty.  An example that comes to mind is Wen Xhuliu & Wen Chao in in Mo Dao Zu Shi/The Untamed. Wen Chao is such a piece of garbage that Wen Xhuliu has obvious contempt for and you're waiting for the moment he turns on him, but he never does and ends up dying for his loyalty.
The 1983- 1986 GI Joe series was INSANE with using Right-hand-betrayals as a plot device.  It was a crutch for the entire series basically.  Most of Cobra Commander's plans were absolutely stupid, but those that were actually good and had a chance of working also happened to exclude Destro and/or the Baroness, so they would often find a way to get vital information to the Joes to stop Cobra Commander, and reinforce his reliance on his right hands, and it served as a regular in road for the episode to wrap up in one 22-minute shot and for status quo to be maintained.  Destro is DEFINETELY one of those "The only thing the villain has going for him is me" types.  If he were the one doing the planning, the series might have ended in the first 5-part miniseries, with Destro winning LOL
"A boss is nothing if they dont take care of the people under them" **A king is nothing without his subordinates** Was this on purpose???
big guy right hands and smart guy bosses are actually commonly observed in chimpanzees, and should be way more common in werewolves.
No mention of Izzy Hands and Ed Teach in Our Flag Means Death? Travesty
One version of this I realy liked was Askelad and Thorfin in Vigeland saga. Were, tho Bjørn is Askelads second hand man, Thorfin is faling into the role of dragen to Askelad,  but that is onely becouse he hates him and vants to kill him in a propper dual. Wich makes for an interessting relationship between them. Where Thorfin is willing to die for him, purely becouse if he is dead he wont get to kill him himself
Butler from the Artemis Fowl series is explicitly this, and Artemis growing to value Butler more is key to Artemis' overall character arch.
I thought of Butler from the Artemis Fowl series. Textbook combat butler- and a moral conscience to the boss, which i dont think was mentioned as part of the trope talk!
Also my favorite example: the Berserk Golden age: -Griffith is the boss of the Band of the Hawk. He has all the ambition in the world and the means to obtain it. He is very distant from humans but when he wants something, he needs it... -Casca is the now former right hand man, loving Griffith but forced away from his side because she is not as useful to his dream as... -Guts, our main character. He is one of the strongest men alive with no ambition or comradery to attach himself to until he is forced into this position as Griffith's property.  Without going too deep into Golden Age arc spoilers, this makes an effective edge, which later develops into a triangle, as different events strain this relationship and pull the characters all sorts of directions based on what happens and where their relationships are at in the story. However, Berserk is a good example to do pretty much everything in story telling, so if we brought it up every time it was relevant it'd be in every Trope Talk.
I read the trope name and thought immediatly of Alfred Thaddeus Crane Pennyworth (Batman's butler). I think is a typical Right-Hand Man but he doesn't seem to enter in any category (not badass) nor subversion (I HEARD of some fanfics where Batman and Alfred... Let's not talk about that). So what, is he a completely other trope ? Come on, Alfred is badass in his own way ! I would be interested about Red opinion about that ^^
What about a “leader of the pack” trope? The one where we have a story with a pack of protagonists, but the leader is the most interesting one that gets the most screen time, character development, and interest from the audience. Think Thundercats, Transformers, GI Joe, etc.
My favourite pair are Roy Mustang and Riza Hawkeye, because you see that Mustang would have been dead in five second without Hawkeye, and the fact that when they're fighting the homunculi and Envy is uncovered by Hawkeye because "The Colonel would know he doesn't need to ask" 🤩🤩
When red was talking about big bads betraying their sidekick/bodyguard  I thought for sure there would be an incredibles clip of syndrome and mirage
Marvel Netflix is the ultimate treatise on this subject, with the right hands and the identity crisies of being one being som of the best parts of Luke Cage and Daredevil, arguably even Jessica Jones.
The only problem with this trope is that I get so involved with making the villains so interesting that they end up becoming the protagonists by accident
Ooooooooh shit a hellsing ultimate reference hell yeah
My normal half: No, don’t do it, it’s been years  My theater kid self: Ok fi- WE ARE OUTGUNNED, OUTMANNED
I think what I love about this, is that you can find all of these tropes in literally one Fire Emblem game
Grog Strongjaw and Pike Trickfoot
Big groups of ppl are only dumb if u leave them alone long enough.   If you take 20 strangers and ask them a numerical qustion the mean or median is way better than any answer (or most)
Two of my characters have a fighter and mage relationship. The only reason that their so close though is that they're siblings, and they are also both royalty. The brother was trained to be a knight and the sister was born with a gift that she can use to save the world.  I also have two smart guys, one of them being a street smart guy. I thought about making it a big guy -- smart guy kind of thing, but I liked the original dynamic between them better.
the dragon probably comes from the fact that in most fairytales the knight goes through the dragon before facing off with the evil wizard
Talks about Dragon redemption while showing Vader. Lol.
Spoilers for anime watchers of Kaguya-sama: love is war         The series Love is war provides a more interesting take of the betrayal of right hand-man with Ai hayasaka and Kaguya Shinomiya. Essentially Ai hayasaka was planted by Kaguya’s eldest big brother to watch and report to him  whatever she does, but as time passed  she developed a sister-like relationship with kaguya and gained tremendous guilt in continuing her secret so much that she quit her job as Kaguya’s personal maid. But When the third big brother captured Hayasaka and revealed her betrayal to Kaguya, in order to have an alliance with Kaguya to remove the eldest, instead of doing what she thought to do by her family and never forgive traitors, Kaguya breaks the family norms and asks Hasaka to help her learn to forgive her
Only semi-relevant to the video and not sure if anyone else is like this, but when I see villains have good guy traits (overcoming legit struggles, caring about the people around them), then my gut reaction is to consider them more threatening as a villain. Good guy traits like overcoming adversity and the power of friendship hit my brain as "traits of those who win", so when they clash with the actual good guys, I'm usually much more invested.  Like when I see Kira from jojo have his own encounters and winning after being put in dire situations, I take him more seriously in the final fight because he's been in struggles like it before and won. In contrast, Dio is above it all and acts like he's the perfect and untouchable being, so when his pride is damaged or he is bested even a little bit then the rest of the fight feels more like a decline to the inevitable defeat.  Also when characters like the Phantom Troupe from Hunter x Hunter or the 7 bandits from Inuyasha give a shit about each other, then when one is killed by the good guys there is this burst of motivation that make them more intense and seem more threatening for their respective fights.
You know what could be interesting? If instead of the Dragon having a redemption arc, their boss joins the good guys first and leaves them behind, turning the Dragon into the new serious threat now that they're personally motivated by feelings of betrayal and no longer just a second in command. Also a fun way to implement this sub-trope is if the former Dragon showing up to terrorize the heroes causes them to realize that supporting character with a dark, mysterious past used to be one of the bad guys
The amount of times red said ass..
it would be interesting to see a trope talk on retired or worn out heroes. the only one i can think of instantly is billy from Adventure time or zuke and katara in the legend of korra
My favorite villain/Dragon dynamic is they are in a healthy romantic relationship and are still pure evil. Like that’s just really fun!
Awesome video as always
Okay legit, who thought of Chrom and Robin from Fire Emblem Awakening? I am curious.
I surprised you didn't mention the fate franchise because it has dozens of Master servant relationships that go in many spicy direction such as Romance or Betrayal or Loyalty and even familial Bonds
Favorite "dragon" is Johnny Ringo from TOMBSTONE.
My favourite Right-Hand Man is Right-Hand Man, from Henry Stickmin
Someone tell me I'm not insane and the Big Guy to Smart Guy Drawing at 3:45 is definitely Gideon and Harrow? Like, there's the ginger hair, sunglasses, the small one is holding a key
I love how Starscream has become his own trope. He's treacherous and self-serving and it basically flips the idea of the groveling subservient role he pretends to be.
Mentioning Starscream in this particular video has led me to an epiphany: Grima Wormtongue is Saruman's Starscream.
Hm, so Dragon likes the villain results in a loyal competent right-hand man.  I'm guessing if neither the villain or dragon like each other it results in the Starscream relationship, that's what it sounds like anyway.
new trope talk pog
Ah yes, when a show is ‘oops all right hand men”
Wait, Hawkeye and Mustang were a romantic subplot? Do I have a hole in my memory, cause I remember Mustang trying to be with Olivier Armstrong
Ramirez and Galcien from Skies of Arcadia are an excellent representation of the dragon/ villain duo. Ramirez was easily more powerful, but absolutely loyal to Galcien. He believed Galcien was truly the only hope for the world. When Galcien gets taken out, Ramirez goes freaking ballistic
(OWL HOUSE SPOILERS AHEAD)     God I love the fact you added TOH's Hunter people cried at hollow minds (the episode the heel-face turn happened) even though it was implied though there being abusive undertones between him (a 16 year old) and his "uncle" Belos/philip and there was a theory of him being a grimwalker (a artificial witch)  BUT when hollow minds came out we learned that hunter isn't only a grimwalker but he is one in THOUSENDS all made by belos and then KILLED THEM ALL (and attempted with hunter) because the went "rouge" (knowing belos rouge means questioning an order like "I command you to macercre that city")
I think the term Dragon to speak of a vilain's right-hand man comes from the movie "The Patriot" with Mel Gibson, though I could be wrong. In the movie, which takes place during the American war of independance, main character Benjamin Martin leads a small militia unit to fight against the forces of British general Cornwalls whose been task with supressing the rebellion. However, Martin's rivallry and conflict isn't with the general but with one of his high ranking officers, Colonel Tavington who leads the dragoons regiment. Now, dragoon is a baby dragon but it is also a type of light infantry that fought with single shot pistols and one-handed sabers during the 17th and 18th centuries. Thhey're sort of an evolution of the lancers after things like kngihts and spear have become obselite. I unfortunately can't find any source to confirm or debuke this theory though
All I could think about here was RHM from Henry Stickmin
In other words, the best ship tropes are just this...also, Owen and Xanatos from Gargoyles, yes?
Reminds me of Maya from Craig of the Creek. King Xavier can pretty much walk over whoever he wants as long as Maya (and the champions) are around to kick the butts of anyone who opposes him
So glad Hellsing was mentioned thought about it the whole time
My brother and I had a Right hand man relationship, now we are just equals. I wanna see that in a story
Those first five minutes you're basically describing Norm from mighty Matt and yet no Mighty Max clips that I thought maybe I missed something
My favorite example of flipping this trope is Big Trouble in Little China where the main character is the right hand man who doesn't realize he's the sidekick
The first section of this video gave me serious Lan & Moraine vibes
My personal favorite take on this trope is Charles Offdensen from Metalocalypse…oh gee I wonder what gave that away? In all seriousness though what’s interesting is that he’s one of the most badass character in the series, he’s the smart one of the team (that is not saying much since this is Dethklok we’re talking about ,but still he is a borderline evil genius!)
Dragon: "Boss I'm your best friend right?" Evil Boss: "Yes, Of course." Dragon: "And we are the baddies right?" Evil Boss: "Yes, Of course.  Why are you asking?" Dragon: "Oh Good.  Those heroes were monologuing that bad guys can't know the Power of Friendship." Evil Boss: "Sad that their world view is so small.  That will change after we rule the world."
One of my favorite parts of this trope is when the Boss trusts their Right Hand Man to be the one to kill them should the Boss go too far. The angst is so damn juicy.
The main right-hand man I was thinking of throughout this video was the lieutenant guy from Legend of Korra season 1, he even gets a mini redemption arc when he finds out Amon lied to him about their cause. He's obviously weaker than his boss but it still kinda stung that Amon used Blood bending to insta-ko the guy instead of giving him a fair hand-to-hand fight.
Also, how could you not mention Samwise Gamgee and Frodo Baggins? Sam is the ultimate Right Hand Man that was badass with his inspiration! The ultimate Bard that defies the stereotype.
Im kinda suprised you barely mentioned Drahon Ball, since its creator seems to love this trope. Red and Black, Vegeta and Nappa, Freeza and Zarbon, Gero and 19, Babidi and Dabura/ Buu, and Beerus and Whis. The series is filled to the brim with this
Could we get a trope talk on Twins? Feels like there is a range between Owl House, HTTYD, LOTR, Re:Zero, etc.
Pleeeeeeeeease do frenemies!
What is the show at 10:15 ???
I bloody love your art style
A great example of right hand man is Arthur to Dutch in RDR2
I should'nt be surprised how much of this applies to BBC Merlin. But that boss/bodyguard constantly sacrificing themselves for each other is half the plot of the show.
Is there a philosophical difference between a Right-Hand Man being disposable and being replaceable?
I'm attempting to write this long overarching story, and this story features a right hand man to both the protagonist and his father, and I want people's opinion on my rough idea for him. Sorry if this got a little long:  While the protagonist's father was rather cold and calculating, being neglectful but rarely abusive to his children born from polygamy, he was trusted friends with his best general a.k.a. the right-hand-man in question. Now after dadtagonist is killed and the protagonist takes his place, the right hand man serves him loyally up until he becomes basically the god emperor of their homeworld, as in the many years beforehand the protagonist would order the rhm to do things he found repugnant, things with no little honor which he believed the young man held in high regard - such as betraying their overlord so the protagonist can take _his_ throne. He even develops a rivalry with the protagonist's love interest, who he saw as corrupting his master. Once she died he believed this corruption may end, but instead the protagonist got way way worse, eventually leading the two toward a falling out, the former trusted family friend and general stealing a powerful sword and running off to join the heroic antagonists.  Thoughts? (I'm debating with myself if he dies or not.)
Interestingly, "The Boys" turns many of these tropes on their ear, in a spectacular fashion.
Dr Aphra fits this trope pretty nicely in the 2015 Darth Vader comic. She's a space archeologist, a sort of Indiana Jones type if he had a very broken moral compass. Vader is kind of on the outs with the Emperor for that whole: The Death Star exploded and you are the only one alive I can blame; thing. Aphra provides Vader with tech support, robotic minions and other connections in the underworld. She also bounces of Vader very well, since he is quite taciturn and stoic while she talks to much and snarks. Dr Aphra starts out as a bit of fangirl for Vader and seeks some sort of validation from him, a purpose to her very shitty life, while also being terrified that he'll kill her if she stops being useful.   MAJOR SPOILERS from here:   This ends quite badly as after Aphra screws up a job, she's certain Vader is going to kill her (which he probably is). So she decides her best course of action is to BACKSTAB VADER, by telling on him to the Emperor. This is the first shown case of what I like to call Backstabirites, a condition that makes you backstab everyone. Unfortunately for our dear Doctor the Emperor is amused by all the shit Vader has been up to and is proud of him for being such a good Sith, so he leaves Aphra to Vader.  Who in a quite horrible and gut wrenching sequence has her tossed out the airlock (which Aphra, when they first met, told him is the worst death she could imagine).  Drama.
maybe because Better Call Saul is on my mind lately, but this trope really screams Mike (during the events of Breaking Bad) to me.
The dragon is probably called that on tv tropes because they fill the role of the dragon controlled by the evil wizard and such in archetypical fantasy stories.
A personal favourite variation of the bodyguard betrayal is the Bodyguard betraying their Bosses ideal or goal with the intent of still saving their boss.  For example selling out their Boss's supper risky hidden scheme to make it crash and burn prematurely and to allow both the Bodyguard and Boss to walk away cleanly, in theory at least.  The space between personal loyalty and loyalty to a cause is a gold mine for  potential character drama and development.
Awesome video.
Trope talk make the pain go away
I spent this entire video waiting for you to show Draken and Shego; the first couple I thought of when I read the the title.
I‘m writing a story with a Villain and two dragons in succession. The first one betrayed them by “Are we the bad guys“ and the second by “I want your Powers, Bitch”
god do I love fmab
i need red and blue to become obsessed with Steven Erikson's Malazan book of the fallen
I want an OSP Detail Diatribe on The Princess Bride. Not only does it have a main bad guy with what appears to be a legit friendship with his Right-hand Man (Humperdinck and Rugen), but there’s an argument to be made they have a low-key romantic relationship going on as well.  Plus there’s the whole meta-mindfuck that is the original novel with its weird backstory about an “original and unabridged” Princess Bride book (a fake book written by a fake author) and the alternate William Goldman (the actual author) going through a fake divorce and…it’s fucking weird and I’d love to hear y’all’s take on it.
another fun trope video! i love it!!
What does catra kicking hordak's ass count as? right hand man reversal? Cause it shakes up the power dynamic but they still work together. After that is hordak even in charge? Is it Catra? Are they coequal?
The first thing I thought of was the Right hand man from Henry Stickmin, he's badass and extremely loyal to the boss just like the trope was build to be. I think there's plenty of Dragon-Villain relationships in Asian series because they have seniority system so it's easier to justify the relationship between them.
Great video as usual, the 'Spicy' interaction of Villain and Dragon both threateningly asking if they're "good" had me in stitches, love me some vaguely threatening statements about staying friendly in the villain circle!
how do your videos always feel like a spiderweb of so many different threads of thoughts, but you manage to make everything so easy to follow. You are amazing !!!  Great vid !
In part 5 of jojo they emphasize that the duty of a boss is to protect their men effectively both with the protagonists and one of the villains
I'd be particularly interested in seeing the right hand man trope romance on screen, but they're already at the babies stage.
Gonna use this in my book
Calling Darth Vader a dragon is a level of cool Ive never considered before
Ahem. 🎶WE ARE OUTGUNNED! WHAT? OUTMANNED! WHAT?! OUTNUMBERED, OUTPLANNED! We gotta make an all out stand! And yo, I'm gonna need a right hand man!🎶
Me just having “Right Hand Man” from Hamilton stuck in my head this entire video
Do you think this is Trope can apply in a non-combat genre? So for example, Bertie Wooster and Jeeves in the Jeeves and Wooster series by P.G. Wodehouse in which while Wooster is in charge (as the boss and employer of Jeeves) and Jeeves often employees his skill (and common sense) to work around the predicaments that Wooster bumbles into. Or would this be a different trope?
Would you say merlin and arthur from bbc merlin would go in this trope?
You get something like this in Mozart's opera "Don Giovanni". Leporello is a servant to the don but a very disgruntled one. He's forced to stay outdoors shivering in the dark and cold while his lascivious master is bedded down (literally) indoors seducing a man's daughter/wife/girlfriend/fiancee. His master puts him in danger, threatens his life and knowingly hits on a woman who might be Leporello's wife. Leporello would like to leave him but the money's too good and apparently finding employment is a little shaky. Meh, it's a living.
Why does Legend of Galactic Heroes comes to mind immidiatly?
3:40 That looks like griddle and Harrow.
I am notably surprised by the lack of the aptly named Right Hand Man’s appearance in this episode.
I feel like which branch of the nerd tree a person comes is on display with this trope, and who they picture as THE Right Hand Man: Riker, Risa, Shego, etc.
I wanna see a trope-talk on "Killing God"  This will mostly be Japanese-based in Anime and JRPGs but it's an interesting thing I see a lot
One really interesting example of a villainous right hand man is the Briarwoods from Critical Role/tLoVM. Sylas is arguably the big guy to  Delilah’s more intellectual, powerful, and motivated necromantic power, but everything Delilah does is for Sylas. Their villainy is entirely motivated by each other. *spoiler warning for the last 2 episodes if tLoVM* After Sylas’s death Delilah looses her motivation and pride. It’s an interesting case where the villainy of the antagonists was almost entirely dependent on the relatively heroic devotion they had to one another.
Shego's and Drakken's relationship was definitely a big reason why they were the most popular villains of Kim Possible. The snarky and hypercompetent minion always undercutting her brilliant, but idiotic boss and yet sticking with him (except for the movie) was always fun to watch.   A good guy example of right-hand man I really enjoyed was Carrot for Vimes from Diskworld. Carrot helped Vimes rebuild his desire to be a proper guard and loyally followed Vimes through thick and thin. One moment I really liked was when Angua (the girl he had a crush on) started dissing Vimes and Carrot promptly shut her down refusing to allow even his crush to criticize Vimes unjustly.
Something that would be interesting to do with this trope would be the "right hand man cares about boss but boss doesn't care about right hand man" on the hero side, which would make the right hand man even more tragic and give whatever hero a MAJOR character flaw tis all but a suggestion though and I'm sure it's been done somewhere but is probably less common on the premise the good guys are supposed to be....well.....good, but that's why it'd be a character flaw
Thank you for mentioning Lanfan!
I like the “dragon” term in the context of chivalric romance type stories. If a knight is off to save a lady from a dragon, the dragon isn’t usually the one in charge; what does a dragon want with a pretty girl?  Rather, an evil wizard has a dragon in their service, and it’s the wizard that wants the girl.  I have zero idea if that was the tvtropes origin, or if that was a common medieval story structure, its just how I explained the trope name to myself.
I am OFFENDED by the lack of mention of "Right hand man" from Henry Stickmin, his literal name is Right Hand Man!
im pretty sure the term The Dragon is taken from Hero of a Thousand Faces where J. Campbell talks about the heroes facing a big physical threat like a dragon before fighting the big final mental/emotional threat of the evil wizard
I want to hear more about the starscream
I continue to enjoy the fact that of all the Transformers series you use in these Trope Talks, it's Transformers Prime. Funny enough, Predaking's flavor of betrayal also applies to probably one of the least stereotypical Starscreams, Armada Starscream, who really owes more to an earlier character this also applies to: Dinobot from Beast Wars.
6:10 Dreadwing or Shockwave would be Megatron's right-hand con if it isn't Starscream
okay i just wanna give a shout out to my og right hand man and boss dynamic of my childhood: sawada tsunayoshi and gokudera hayato. those two made me singlehandedly fall in love with this trope, thank you
There's arguably an even better "Right Hand Man Betrays Boss" example in Transformers Armada: Starscream had been abused and degraded by Megatron for the majority of the series, and eventually he snapped and joined with the Autobots. And while he does come back, it's uneasy and shaky at best, and by the time Unicron enters the story, Starscream sacrifices himself and fully chews out Megatron for not treating him as he should have.
Yeah! Examples from Arcane! I would love to see a detail diatribe about something from that show
Kronk and Izma ia the best Boss and Right hand man pair Change my mind
All this talk about "right hand [men]" has overlap with the advisor and king trope, the "power behind the throne," if you will.  This is a mutable inversion of the trope.  The advisor knows the leader on the throne is very valuable, as the advisor has neither a legitimate claim, nor the willingness to impractically place a target on their back.  The king is used as a mouthpiece to perform the advisor's plans.  If the advisor is  cartoonishly evil and ambitious, he'll scheme and act to usurp the king. Heroic advisors would be performing similar schemes, though the plot (and therefore context) drives all schemes an advisor would ever make.
Missed opportunity to say the right hand man is defined by "having a boss and being a boss"
One of my favorite Tragic Dragon to Villain relationships...Arthur Morgan to Dutch Van Der Linde. Looking at it from the perspective that these are the bad guys (because they are) Arthur looks to Dutch like a father figure (flawed as he is) while Dutch only calls Arthur his son but his actions treat Arthur like a typical attack dog. It's a obvious from an outside point of view but it's one of those relationships where they do care about each other in a way that adds that juicy depth to their relationship.
Some classic mentor/teacher and student relationships also use this trope as well because usually the mentor/teacher despite being smarter and wiser than the student needs them because they are usually too old to fight or crippled with some sort illness or injury.   The mentor/teacher fits with the smart and usually weaker boss character who leads the right hand man or the student in this case in their journey while setting them on the right path and the student fits with the right hand man trope of being their protector and trying their best to make sure they get out their journey alive, Sometimes they might even develop a different arc apart from the ones in this video where the mentor has come to realize that their student might even be their successor when they are gone and probably develop a parent-child relationship with them.   Also, When you talked about how the relationships between villains and their right hand men would go. I was instantly reminded of Netflix’s Castlevania with the relationship between Dracula and Varney.   Where it completely flips our impression and expectation of them right on its head when we thought Dracula is gonna be this big and scary final boss type villain that the heroes have to defeat in order to end the series because he is the one who started all of this mess   Until we find out that he becomes a pretty tragic and sympathetic character who abandons his evil goals and plans before the series is near its end.   When we got to meet Varney for the first time, Most of us thought he was going to be a starscream-like incompetent and arrogant right hand man waiting to run away from the heroes once they start to close in on him and have Dracula beat the ever loving tar out of him whenever he sees him failing.   And then we got to see the twist where it is revealed that he is not only the true main antagonist and villain of the series but he is the most powerful character in the series who is powerful enough to overpower and outrank Dracula himself.   The reason why Varney helped Dracula in the first place is to reap the rewards of his personal war and to become even more powerful.   This is literally the opposite of the trope where the main villains sees their right hand man as nothing but a valuable tool at their disposal ready to get rid off once they have no use for them.   Varney who is the right hand man in this situation sees Dracula who is the seemingly main antagonist and villain in the exact same way despite our first impressions of them.   Varney sees Dracula who is the most feared character in the series as nothing but a pushover and his ticket to reaching his own goals despite their appearances.
.
Arcane’s Sevika is one of the most recent (and great) examples of Right-Hand Man. I’m curious what will happen with her now that her boss is gone.
If you’re taking requests, for Trope Talk can you do the Henshin Hero or  Phlebotinum Rebel Trope. And for Myths can you do Alcestis?
The evil right-hand man is called "the dragon" because evil wizards will summon dragons and such to fight for them while they hang out in their evil lair
The Bertholdt to Reiner?
Red's drawing for Bodyguard Sacrifice gives me life
I think my personal favorite variant of this trope is when a character’s straight-up pet functionally fills the role of a right-hand man.
Slightly disappointed that there wasn't more mention of Sam being a right hand man to Frodo (I guess you consider him more a deuteragonist than a subordinate?), but not surprised at all that 2/3 of the video was on dragons to villains relations. Good topic and excellent discussion as usual!
Very interesting, thank you
1) You did NOT draw Caesar for the Bodyguard Betrayal. You did NOT. 2) Oh shit Arcane clips, lets go? 3) Thoughts on a Trope Talk for Heroic Sacrifices? I don't remember it being in the trope talk speedrun podcast, and there's plenty of it in popular media. There's also all the juicy stuff regarding the aftermath- the lovers, friends, and family left behind to pick up the pieces. I cannot get enough of that stuff. Yes, I just watched the League of Legends Star Guardian music video and literally cannot stop thinking about it.
I wonder what Red would think of the dynamic between Thorfinn and Askeladd from Vinland Saga
This may be a weird, but I was just thinking is there ever a scenario where a dragon does not directly betray the villain, but is no longer aligned with him without joining the heroes. Like they become a new different threat?
Why no talk about sherlock and watson?
*Sees TOH clips, specifically about Hunter* *S O B S*
I love how in Breaking Bad Mike Ehrmantraut is loyal to Gus Fring simply because it’s his job and because he’s lost almost all his morals from being in the crime business and just does what he’s told. But I also love how’s he’s terrified of Gus when he slits one of his workers throats just by making the meth, it shows that he has some morals and doesn’t just agree with what his boss does. But he still becomes enraged when (spoilers) Walter and Jesse kill Gus, which shows that he still is loyal to Gus, probably because he was Mike’s employer and because they worked together for so long.
Every drawing in this is despicably cute
Sorry but where were Shego and Dr. D when talking about villain and dragon duo? xD they are just the best a check so many trope boxes here  Edit: ok sorry I was to fast but I wont delete this
Neat
A while ago a video about _No Game No Life_ made me realize there's a variation on the Right-Hand Man they called "the human computer"who is smarter than their boss on a technical sense but lacks things like a social skills or a clear ambition so they need the "less smart" partner to actually realize their potential (other examples of this are Blue Beetle and Buster Gold on the DC comics or Mob and Reigen in _MobPsycho 100)_
The closed captioning cuts out part way through
When I first saw this video, my thought was "how long is it gonna take before Red brings The Owl House into it"  The answer was 12:25
Ever wanted to be evil but without the hassle of being thwarted and potentially not returning? Be the right hand
i’m so happy to see the owl house clips in an osp video
Damar 😍🤩
Listen: Hellsing ultimate is the fan parody of the canon that is Hellsing abridged.
So, yeah?
ATLA mention ✅
yes!! thank you for talking about fullmetal alchemist so much, duos are so important in the show and it’s so cool seeing so many of the different versions of it explained in one vid :) keep up the great work red!!
What about when the Villain and Dragon have a relationship where the possibility of betrayl is baked into their relationship? Where the Villain doesn't trust his own flexible morality and uses the Dragon as a Morality Chain to make sure they don't cross a certain line. The Villain (at the time) agrees to be slain by their Dragon if they do.  Not all Villains are pure evil, after all, and that doesn't necessarily make them an anti-hero. They can still be a villain and do villainous things even if they have a bottom line.
Soundwave silently shutting arachnia's coup down in one move will never not be cool
Avatar reference prediction, Zuko is briefly the fatherlords right hand man.
Not me having Hamilton stuck in my head all video...  We are outGUNNED!!!, outMANNED!!!
Sonic movie eggman an his lackey.
Huh. Correct me if I'm wrong, but in transformers prime didn't we literally get a starscream, in the form of literally starscream, getting replaced by a dragon, in form of predaking who's literally a dragon? I wonder if that was intentional.
What if the right-hand man doesn't care about the boss? My friend was thinking about writing a character that became a right-hand man for the king simply for the sake of betraying said king and gaining power.
"The Starscream" trope has nothing to do with competence - It's all about motivation. It's basically a Dragon that wants to take the Big Bad's place.
I think one of the more iconic Right-Hand Men in fiction would be the Green Hornet's Kato, not least of all because he was played by Bruce Lee.
wow. partially knew these tropes had side tropes in them but all i was really exposed to was the "right hand person dying and the boss living in agony for the rest of their lives" side so it's kinda nice to have someone explain the other ones
As soon as you said dragon I couldn't stop thinking of Azula, and now I want to find more familial right hand man dynamics.
I'm so poisoned by the Our Flag Means Death brainrot all I could think of seeing the title was "ah, Izzy Hands"
Maybe a sub-trope: the loyal clone or smth like that
Is that a Gideon the ninth reference at 3:40
"Villains are usually a lot less likely to have loved ones in general, and It's usually a sign that they aren't as bad as they appear"  Bondrewd would like to have a word.
I LOVE when writers have the dragon fight against the heroic right hand man. Yes draw those thematic parallels, have them believe that their own boss is the one in the right, that shit rocks. Zoro vs. King is brief but amazing
0:40 i heard a saying/formula that when men have booze each additional man lowers each individuals IQ by 10 points
As soon as Red started talking about the Dragon/Villain Boss relationship I immediately thought of Shego and Dr. Drakken 😂 I’m glad they were added in clips on this video!
When it comes to Villain Dragon dynamic, I definitely think of Megaton and Soundwave.
Fantastic video!~
This started out as sidekicks but ended up as dragons 2.0
I do this kind of thing whenever I play TTRPG’s. I pick either my closest friend or the smartest guy outta the group, and turn my character into the hammer with which that player strikes down his enemies. I like being the big, dumb, tough and useful one
“while individual people are pretty smart, groups of people are pretty stupid” That’s not entirely true. A single person couldn’t make a _pencil_ without being assisted by others in some way, let alone do anything meaningful.
Interestingly First half is Right-Hand Man in general & second half is all about the Dragon.
Nice vid
7:36 "You either die a bodyguard, or live long enough to become the bride".
"Have _you_ as my Right Hand? I'd sooner cut off my whole arm." Honestly surprised you didn't mention Kikimora when you brought up The Owl House, since she seems to follow the tropes even more closely than Hunter does for most of the story.
Lelouch and kallen's beautiful mess of a dynamic
This prompts me to pick apart the Fellowship of the Ring in terms of Right-Hand Man and Five-Man Band.  Sam, of course, is Frodo's Right-Hand Hobbit, since he's committed to keeping Frodo safe, though in so far as he has an "official" function, it's more as valet.  The whole Fellowship might be regarded as an extended Five (Plus)-Man Band:  If Frodo's the "leader" (i.e. central character, though he doesn't conventionally lead), then Sam is the "lancer" (of a very non-competitive type), Gandalf is the "smart guy," Aragorn, Boromir, and Gimli are "big guys," and Legolas, Merry, and Pippin are "chicks" (mainly emotional barometers, of wildly different levels of bad-assery).  If Gandalf is the "leader" (more the way the situation is regarded in-story), then Aragorn is the "lancer," Boromir, Legolas, and Gimli are "big guys," with the "smart guy" function subsumed by Gandalf himself, and the hobbits are a chorus of "chicks."  I guess.
I'm personally pretty fond of villain duos that are deeply in love while still being evil, both because someone can be fond of someone else while still being incredibly harmful to other people, and because villains acting over-the-top lovey-dovey towards each other while doing evil can be very funny.
Your right hand comes off?
So I’m watching through breaking Bad rn (at the end of season 4) and I can’t stop thinking about Mike and Gus with this, cuz there’s definitely that there.
NOOO, I'm left handed though.
Whenever I hear the Right-Hand Man, I can't help but think of Good Cop/Bad Cop from the Lego Movie. Prob bc the relationship is so extreme
Meanwhile Satsuki has a right hand team. Every member of her elite four is equally a right hand man in various ways
What about when the righthand man is a dragonborn (DnD Dragonborn)? I play a Black dragonborn named Lobok, who serves a boss that wants to grow and strengthen his confederation. This is the Warhammer 40k universe
I’m just here really hoping the cartoon depiction of big guy vs smart guy is of gideon nav and harrow nonegisimus from the locked tomb books
Helsing is so good aaaaa
This gave me all kinds of flashbacks to the original version of Mercy Graves.
I think it's called dragon because in many fantasy stories the hero must fight a dragon or monster before facing the evil overlord.
I love the dynamic of Dragon takes out/imprisons the Villian but then realizes they have no idea how to do the villain's job
Trope Talk: Light vs Darkness  Why is it so common? and why are we afraid of the dark?
I am once again thanking Red for validating my villains' weird relationships
all I keep thinking about is Mirage from The Incredibles
I'm disappointed no one ever talks about scooter.
Don't forget about the hilarious right hand man dynamic of megamind and his fish guy.
I knew the Exact Hawkeye and Mustang scene you were going to use when you brought them up
What about the 4th case? villain who cares about his dragon but the dragon is with the villain only for convenience, willing to leave him if it no longer suits him.
Ooo it would be interesting to see you take a TVTropes entry for a show and do a walkthrough on all of the tropes they point out
One of my favorite RHM relationships is Admiral Adama and Saul Ti from BSG.
The reason I don't like modern Harley Quinn is directly because it undermines the whole point of her character, from the beginning she was a tragedy in the works, a cautionary tale of fanaticism and manipulative relationships and how easily someone can fall victim, but now she's so independent, so erroneously successful that theres no message, no meaning, hell she's almost advocating for toxic relationships as if you get stronger for having been in one
What about the the other right hand
6:00 or so: They're called the 'dragon' because it was once a common fantasy trope for the evil wizard character to have a literal dragon that enforced their will. The basic idea is that the dragon has immense power to the degree they could perhaps take out their boss but the boss is what's directing that immense power. It fits even when the dragon is their own character so the term stuck.
just want to say I really appreciated the detail of the fighter standing behind the mage with a fire extinguisher, made my day. was not expecting it to come up again
Why is no one talking about Migi from parasite the true right hand man
When you're outgunned, outmanned, outnumbered, outplanned, and you need to make an all-out stand, you know what you're gonna need!
I approve of the multiple Transformers Prime clips. Love that show.  Soundwave is the best right hand man anyone can ask for.
one of my favorite tropes of all time, also my favorite case of “the right hand man” is weirdly enough the way Dr. Eggmans assistant cares for him in the sonic movies. it’s just funny to me
The Dragon isn't the Starscream, but the Soundwave.
What? Riza Hawkeye has romantic feelings for Roy Mustang? That's absurd.  *sound of Riza unloading 3 guns into a Homunculus who claims to have left Roy for death through tears* I defy you to find an example contrary to them just being really, really platonic friends. Like Achilles and Patroclus.
Villian couples who are 100% dedicated to both eachother and their villiany are some of my absolute favourite character dynamics. Give me two campy, evil dorks who are stupidly in love with eachother while simultaniously fucking with the good guys. Bonus points if they're recurring villians.
Im his right-hand arm.      Man. Im his everything.  His confidant. His best friend.   His silly rabbit.  Does he calls me that?      No.
Welp, you've convinced me. Time to go rewatch every single Hunter episode of TOH again!! (this is like the 10th time help-)
I think my fav "Villain-Dragon" dynamic from recent memory is Robotnik and Agent Stone from the sonic movies. It's not much, but it's quite refreshing because Robotnik pretends Stone is perfectly expendable and draws attention to how "weak" he is, but is blatantly dependent on him by virtue of the sheer convenience of having him around as well as the dominant social dynamic. Honestly a delightful change of pace as he seems to be getting more appreciative of Stone as time goes on, even if he'd never admit it, rather than the inevitable backstab other lackeys would get, that Knuckles got in the same movie for that matter.
On a TTRPG campaing my fathers played when they were young my mother's character Minerva, eventually turned into a queen and she had a very... Interesting dynamic with her body guards.  You see, she was a powerfull sorceress, kinda like Reena Inverse from Slayers, and all her body guards and soldiers were mortals. Extremely skilled mortals but just regular humans (and werewolfs. And an elf. And an orc...) So she would often leap in to protect them fron danger, prompting countless discussions that went something like:  "Why did you do that?!" "What do you mean? I just saved you!" "But you put your life at risk, I'm supposed to protect you!" "I wouldnt die from something like that, but you would!"
I'm Mr. Sterling's right-hand arm... man.
My favorite "right hand man" is Dumbe from The Blacklist.
🦆
Feel like it's dragon cause old villain stories would have the big bad command a literal big scary dragon,like Maleficent
So... Soundwave? The best transformer
There's also where the Dragon is serving the Villain for reasons of their own that promotes a betrayal later on... but the Villain was the one who thought that it was a mutual relationship.  That one can get particularly juicy.
One piece by giving the crew someone to fight there are a lot right hand men, and like kid and killer, thats sweet. An zorro is good. And then thereis mister one actually crocidiles only real friend.  But gin is tragic. He sees what treating someone good can do and changes a person descrived as devil and, is still willing to put up with a captain sacrificing him pretty dishonerable.   Ok technically iroh was zukos right hand man.
OMG I’m so proud of myself  I know all but one of these examples!! 😁 this makes so much sense and I love it (I have a running joke with my friend that I’m not the main character, I’m that one friend- so that’s so fun to see brought to life)
Arcane and Kingsman used as examples in the same video? Heck yeah!
One of my favorite things to see in fiction is a fight between both the protagonist and the villain, but ALSO have the lancer and dragon duking it out at the same time. It's always nice to see that sort of thing, but I don't know why.
I'm also surprised you didn't bring up just how frustrating the Trope "my master good or ill" can be when done badly.  It can go from tragic too instead being incredibly frustrating to watch to the point where you lose all sympathy for this clearly obnoxiously stupid person that whines that the heroes "just don't understand" why they have a throbbing boner for the guy eating kittens.
I SEE RIZA HAWKEYE ON THE THUMBNAIL I CLICK
I gotta give a shout out to how one of my favorite instances of Villain - dragon was written.  Zabuza and Haku from Naruto.  A major theme running through that storyline was "A ninja SHOULD bury their feelings and only focus on their mission." as well as posing the question, "Is it possible for any ninja to actually live up to that idea?"   In the final showdown, our loyal dragon, Haku puts aside everything to die for the sake of his master Zabuza's mission.  At first, our heartless villain acts like it's no major loss.  Haku was just a lackey.  Nothing more, and if he had to die for the mission, so be it. Ninja's arn't meant to care or get emotional. There's stuff to be done. But as he's pushed harder and harder, clearly about to loose everything, Zabuza slowly breaks down.  Not because it's the end of the line for him. It's because he can't stop thinking about Haku.  He never realized until it was too late just how much he cared about his right hand man and all of his regrets even in the face of death involve how much he wished Haku could have had better.
The Starscream *is dying of laughter*. I love the new trope, Red.
There are a few of these in the Malazan Book of the Fallen novel series and its supporting novels. Kellanved/Dancer for sure, Tehol Beddict/Bugg with a twist.
I'm curious if there has even been a reverse of the one-sided love trope aspect? Where the villain loves the Dragon, but the dragon either doesn't love them back, pretends to love them so they can backstab them or is simply following them out of duty.
My favourite villain/right hand man dynamic is my profile picture, Grand Admiral Thrawn, and Captain Pelleon. Thrawn is effectively training Pelleon in his methods, ultimately, years after Thrawn's death, making Pelleon into a more moral version of himself.
My favorite right-hand man is one who become a boss after previous is beaten. Isaac from castelvania is great example.
I think an interesting way of playing this is instead of the boss being a badass or a smart guy they could be some kind of healer or buff type support. Bouns points for the boss being the big bad evil guy and the right hand man being the person the protagonists have been having trouble with. It wouldn't be a proper twist but it would definitely shake things up and catch some people off guard (in and out of world).
One twist on the Captain and General dynamic I like is when the right-hand man starts out blindly obedient and immediately approving of their superior's orders, but then get a new superior, and it turns out their previous loyalty wasn't due to the chain of command, but rather because their old superior had some qualities they deemed appropriate.
What happens to monkey king?
What anime is it at 11:30 ?
I wonder why no one talks about the left-hand man
"I don't know why they call the right-hand evil man the Dragon, just go with it."  It's probably because in fantasy lore, dragons are the personal pets of the villain or the gatekeeper to the villain's castle and the heroes have to kill it to fight the big bad guy(BBG), so they named the person second-in-command that trope.
Hmm Evil-Lyn and Skeletor in Masters of the Univers Revelations have this dynamic running through them (but i'll take Cattra and Scorpia since that was awesome)
Nothing I love more in a leader and right hand man dynamic when the right hand man is all the expected badassery tropes, and they have nothing but respect and deference to their leader. No matter their accolades the right hand man insists the boss is better.  Essentially right hand man to a crouching moron hidden badass kind of thing is just great. Just a total badass who is covering for another badass so they dont have to waste their time and can focus on other things.
Thank you.
50 50 odds of betrayal
I like how Red fit both Transformers prim and Avatar in this trop talk episode
Definitely influenced by recency bias, but What We Do in the Shadows (the TV show) works as a great example of this played for laughs, almost to the degree of parody. Guillermo, a villainous right-hand man carrying out or setting up a lot of consistent casual murder for the benefit of the rest of the cast, is essentially the protagonist of the series. His status as a familiar is his defining characteristic to every other character and how they interact with him, and they manage to use most if not every listed relationship twist when it comes to his master, Nandor. At the very least each option (betrayal, abandonment, a romantic relationship) is considered specifically from Guillermo's perspective. The dark comedic genre is a good way to have it all.  I never thought of this trope phrasing and its parallels with the lancer, that rules! Also love the use of the yin-yang symbol from The Unsleeping City.
Is it just me or is 3:47 a Gideon the Ninth reference
I love your videos so much! Stuck inside with covid and feeling very sorry for myself and then lo! A new OSP trope talk video! Thanks for all you guys do!
I'm not sure about the "the right hand man is always a physical powerhouse" take. Isn't it more that they're just a foil to their boss, filling a niche that the boss doesn't?  Like for example if the boss is a physical powerhouse themselves, the right hand man is more intellectual (like Tails for Sonic) or social (like Alfred for Batman) or magically powerful (like Soren for Ike)  Still badass but not limited to purely physical forms of badassery
I like that you used She-ra as an example. Catra is set up as a lancer, becomes a dragon, betrays her villain to a more powerful one, then returns as a lancer in the final season
I suggest Hunter X Hunter: Chimera Ant Arc and Marvel's Daredevil Season 1
I like when the dragon and villain have a genuine friendship.  They're evil and doing all kinds of nasty things to others , but they get along fine between each other.
Some of these slides are truly excellent. "We good?"  "You tell me, boss" and CRIME *fistbump* are just plain fun
Lan Fan is just SO badass!
A quick scroll doesnt show anyone mentioning him but when it comes to right hand man I think Roroanoro Zoro, from one piece, should be mentioned because his and Luffy's dynamic is unique they're a mix of the badass and the bodyguard and the lieutenant and the Captain tropes. Zoro claim to right hand man fam is taking a the pain in Luffy's body at one point for reasons irrelevant to this discussion which leaves him bloody and batter within an inch of his life to which when he is asked about it he says "Nothing happened." It is one of the best scenes of the manga/anime and solidifies how much Luffy means to Zoro not just as a captain but as a friend.
5:45 'The fact this individual kicks ass, is reason enough to not object to the classification of dragon'  This sounds familiar....
I think YouTube is glitthed because this video has over 1000 likes but according to YouTube only 4 views
I'm not sure I agree with "groups are stupid". I think they can be incredibly smart when done right.
Red: "I don't know why the evil right-hand man is called 'The Dragon' (it's a TVTropes thing) -- I just think it kicks ass so I'm not changing it."  Couldn't agree more.
Chances are no one will ever find this comment so if you did you a cool guy
im still waiting for topic of "enemy of my enemy" trope where the protagonist form a temporary alliance with bad guys to fight the even bigger bad guy  prime example would be transformers prime where autobot team and megatron team up to fight unicron.
The Dragon is one of my favourite tropes, I much prefer it to the all powerful villain who can do everything. It's so much more dramatically impactful when you can see the Big Bad and their allies work (or fail to work) together. There's so much dramatic meat to it.
Omg that ‘crime fist bump’ picture is amazing
You just made me realize why the BBEG right hand man is called the Dragon..... the end battle usually has the lander distract the lancer....
Not one mention of Blue? right hand man backstab incoming?
Ive been Re reading Artemis Fowl and the chracter Butler fills the role of loyal bodyguard who develops a parental relationship with his young boss, is considered a loyal friend/ally and is a mentor on occasion. Theres actually a lot of interesting dynamics in the series, one of the reasons its one of my favorite book series.    The movie doesn't exist, yep never happened... nope
If you take suggestions, please do the “Group of Misfits” Trope Talk.  People who been cast out of society for different reasons only to meet other outcast like them to become a team or family is an excellent trope to talk about.  Characters like the X-Men, Doom Patrol, Straw Hats Pirates, and Phantom Troupe are great examples of it.
I just thought about something. Baymax is Hiros right hand man. That is, in my opinion, one of the best right hand man relationships in animation.
I think the reason it’s called the “Dragon and Villain” duo is because in a number of high fantasy fairy tails, it’s common for a villain to have a pet dragon. Idk, just a guess.
i really hoped that you would mention "The Gentlemen" from Guy Ritchie/ I think it is one of the best examples of The Right-Hand Man trope. tho not shure if this is betwen the heroes or the bad guys...
The Right-hand Man trope remind me of... well... The Right Hand Man in the Henry Stickmin collection. I know he is the second in command of Reginald, but we pretty much see him a his bodyguard. I mean, Henry is mostly a physical danger to Reggie. And RHM is, no doubt, a badass. So Right Hand Man is a very tropey right-hand man with not conflict with is boss. Oh and he's technically a Dragon too.
Due to being a choose your own adventure game, Henry Stickmin gets to explore various outcomes for Right Hand Man of the Toppat Clan, ranging from continuing to serve the leader of the clan after they've been demoted to coming back from death as a cyborg to do battle with Henry again.
Gokudera Hayato from Katekyo Hitman Reborn is one of the best right hand man
in my work, magic makes the right hand of a boss... literally his right hand. basically it is a necromantic ritual where 2 people exchange their hands (along with part of the arm), magic is used so that both can adapt the other's arm and use it. this allows both to have access to each other's magical abilities and form a special connection. when one of the 2 dies, the other loses they right hand.  basically, i just say "fuck subtext and go with it.
I don’t understand why it keeps saying there are only 3 views.
I wonder if red will do one on Minions with an F in evil.  Minions who are so bad at being evil they accidentally help the heroes. Or the not so harmless villain, a villain written off as a joke but who turns out to be a legitimate threat.
I can't believe someone would considered Starscream the right-hand of Megatron instead of Soundwave in the prime series. Soundwave is the most loyal, the hidden badass and the most important role in the decepticons (communications), contrary to Starscream how is a treacherous snake, a pathetic crybaby and so bad at his job he is not missed when he is out plotting shenanigans. If anything Starscream is useless buffoon Megatron can't get rid of for political reasons.
1:00 - I've observed this many stories. Even in series where it isn't readily apparent from the start, later stories will reveal more things that make the protagonist further stand out and apart from everyone else.   But, in some cases, it can feel like the creator is trying to emphasize the "main character-ness" of the protagonist over and over. E.g. in a world of magic users where the protagonist is already established as a rare talent at the start,  something is further revealed later in the series (bloodline, prophecy, unique powers, cosmically significant times of birth, etc.) to further make them stand out from anyone they shared their starting specialness with; to emphasize why the plot revolves around the main character.  It arguably makes the scenarios where such things don't matter as much, where the social bonds and ensemble cast have more weight to the progression of the story, stand out.
3 views 1 hr ago 5.2k likes
I started this video under the belief this was about people who were right handed and other assumptions in media
For some reason YouTube keeps telling me this only has 3 views but there's hundreds of comments and thousands of likes
I see, so Kefka Palazzo is a Dragon Ascendent.
What I find most interesting about this trope is that the right-hand man's character is typically dependent on the boss's character to give it meaning, so while the boss can continue to remain relevant to the plot on their own, the right-hand man can't, not without intrinsically tying their relationship to the boss in some manner, with the exception being the betrayer who takes on the role of main villan after back-stabbing their boss.
Charisma in Harmony Theory is the truest embodiment of this trope I think.
Silco best dad
im mr boss's right hand arm...... man
Kinda funny that this came out right when i finished FMAB
A Right-Hand Man relationship that is very unusal is that of Sith in die expanded universe of Star Wars. There all sith a supposed to hate their master and only follow them because they want to learn their power but the master is to powerfull to overthrow at the moment. This is both meant to keep the rule of two going , once a disciple takes a student of their owen they also overthrow their master. This creats a very strange and should-not-work relationship between them but also sort of explains why/how sith take students. After all they are meant to be fundamentally evil and narcissistic, a traditional stundent-master relationship does not realy fit that MO.
When ever I think of The Right-Hand Man I always think about Dr. Frankenstein and Igor or is it I-Gor? Or just thinking about Pinky and the Brain.
Hegelian Dialectics: The anime
Okay so I'm commenting for the sake of the algorithm hopefully the algorithm sees this it says the this video has 4.9000 likes 400 comments but only three views in the last hour that makes absolutely no sense if there's that much engagement aside from the views themselves algorithm people fix your problems they have been viewed a minimum of 400 times a maximum of 4,900 times
3:40 You can't tell me those two aren't obviously supposed to be Gideon & Harrow, like, come on.
OK, "escaped government experiments" is a trope talk I need.
It says this video has three views and 400 comments
Honestly i ve always loved genuine loyalte between villianas in general and boss/underlings in general, being a team or a righthand man, specially when they are really over the top evil or the dread for the heroes team, it get me invested right away in them and also its an overall fun dynamic specially in contrast on what they do. But also the few moments in which one of the two get power of friendship/love power up against the heroes, its can be really emotional and a really fun/scary "oh shit!" Moment for the heroes
I feel like an interesting subject you could talk about for this series is what I call the “Harley Quinn problem”. Basically, when a character gets to popular someone may decide to completely change their status quo, but what originally made them popular was the very thing they changed, like when they separated Harley Quinn and made her more like Deadpool than an actual character.
quick side note: it's not a redemption arch if you end up grooming said child...
My favorite right hand man depiction is Agent Stone from the Sonic movies. Seemingly clever enough to undermine or sneak his way out of the failure of his boss bit loyal enough to stick around to drop everything for his boss.
Has anyone seen a dynamic with the Villain and Right-Handman actively plotting against eachother but are aware of it and relish the side quest.(The closest thing I could to this was Hurizen's and Danzo's dynamic from Naruto)
So for gen 1 Transformers the dragon is Soundwave.
Here comes the general Ladies and gentlemen! Here comes the general! The moment you've waited for! HERE COMES THE GENERAL OSP VIDEO! And the Right-Hand Man trope!  (Saw a comment about Hamilton comments, had to do it XD)
There's a Tiktok comedy series called S & D Tier that's all about a villainous friendship. It's not really a right hand man dynamic cause they kinda do their own thing (and on different scales; petty theft vs world destroying), but it's a lot of fun.
If only Kircheis was here for this video
3 views?
3:45 Hmmmm, I wonder who you could possibly be referencing with that art...
I love this trope!! My personal favorite "Big Guy and Smart Guy" dynamic is Heatwave and Captain Cold from Legends of Tomorrow/The Flash. Great banter.
Being completely unironic here, I actually like Walters betrayal more in Hellsing Abridged. Him being madly in love with Alli and Alucard being well… Alucard (being a dick about it) and then growing old and never getting a chance to fight him at his prime, those are both pretty good motivators
Shego my gurl! The first lesbian crush
ooooh, new osp.. always good when im having art block, writers block, and hand cramp, relaxing media trope analysis.. fucking i need to touchgrass
Interestingly, this applies to the Arthur/Merlin dynamic in Merlin. Merlin is his manservant and also technically i required to taste something if they suspect it's a poison, but he's also unofficially Arthur's closest advisor, and unknown to arthur because of plot, his bodyguard. Which reverses the whole fighter/mage dynamic, plus, as magic is illegal, merlin can't use his magic all the time, so arthur is more reliable in kicking arse. Merlin is loyal to Arthur because of at first destiny, then because of personal connections that people ship them about (it's noted by multiple characters that merlin is unusually loyal). So yeah, I'm off to read more fanfiction about it
Idea for future trope talk:  fictional characters realizing that they're fictional. Not in the fun 4 wall breaking way, but in the undertale/doki doki literature club way, where they question their own existence and sometimes lash out at those around them. (Or go insane. )
This is part of why I love the Lord/Retainer dynamics in FE: Three Houses, my favorite being Edelgard and Hubert.  To those who haven’t played the game to give a VERY abridged summary: Edelgard was one of eleven siblings in the royal family with Hubert being a child from a noble house that has Always served the royal family. So from an early age Hubert was told that he now lives to serve the young princess, a message he internalized. But after a coup (which Hubert’s father took part in) Edelgard and the royal children were subjected to basically magical super-soldier experiments. Edelgard was the only one to survive and when she and Hubert finally reunite after a few years, he feels like he has so utterly failed in his life’s purpose (even though realistically he was like 10 and couldn’t do much of anything). Meanwhile Edelgard doesn’t blame him at all, and in fact now feels like he is the only person she can really trust and be honest with—especially as they’re secretly scheming against the people who had her family killed.  While Edelgard would prefer them to interact as equals and friends, Hubert’s (possibly unhealthy) levels of devotion have him falling back on that master-servant dynamic. Where, as her Right Hand Man, he does things like assassination, blackmail, etc so the Emperor’s hands could stay clean. The guy who, in a lesser story would be a flat evil advisor, is instead entirely driven by affection and loyalty for his boss.  They both support, believe and trust in one another and I am WEAK for it.
An interesting right hand man dynamic that be fascinating to see (more of) is a mortal being the right hand man to an immortal deity. It be a fun way to play with many, if not all, the different scenarios given in this video at roughly the same time. If you're skilled enough to make it compelling.
algorithm appeasing comment
Mike Ehrmantraut, the ultimate right hand man.
I really wish there was a quick "spoliers for ____ shows" at the beginning of your videos, like Savage Books does. Love your stuff, but just had Owl House ruined for me, which is not fun. :(
3 views 371 comments
don’t talk about hamilton… don’t talk about hamilton…. in hamilton-
Always warms my heart to see Shego and Dracken. The incompetent villain with the hypercompetent sidekick that sasses them while keeping them alive is always fun.
I humble request a trope talk on orphans  So many characters have the back story of being orphans and different reasons as to why their orphans form those that are based off Moses to the dark Batman route. It be a fun trope
Lovely
Very good rundown of that dynamic.
Finally the owl house  is use as an example I love that show
3 views, 4000 likes.           Based
walter c. dornez was apparently kinda raised to be the the strongest and best human vampire hunter just to be sidelined by the ultimate prey making the job easy looking, it should be walters life goal to kill things like alucard and he gets replaced by it, and be subservient to it. this might be a "guys-thing", but "... apparently  just because he wanted to be the one to kill hilariously op protagonist and definitly not just dracula in a silly hat alucard ..." sounds like a very relatable reason of cours walter would sooner or later be like "fuck it, i dont live forever, just let me have that one shot at him"
I believe the trope dragon & villain comes from classic fantasy of the evil wizard riding a dragon. The dragon causes all the destruction but at the behest of the villain.
Ferik Jurgen
Someone tell these guys there are other stories than Avatar, not to mention its just a overrated kids show
If you want all kinds of right hand men and women watch Code Geas. Especially the relationship between Lelouch and Suzaku are quite right handed
I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL I’VE BEEN WATCHING FOR ALMOST 5 YEARS
I suspect the reason the evil "lancer" is called the "dragon" is because the "lancer" typically fights the "dragon". And one way to fight a dragon (or any large creature in a fantasy setting) is to charge it down with a lance.
I think that a very interesting one of these right-hand mans (and also arguably the best) is Samwise Gamgee. I'm surprised nobody has mentioned him.  Yeah, we all know the anti-memes about how he's the single most powerful character in the Fellowship, but I think his primary defining trait is his loyalty to Frodo. It isn't really established why he's loyal, he just is.   And that loyalty plays a very interesting role in the story, as Sam really was a major contributor to the destruction of the Ring, having rescued Frodo from Cirith Ungol and being the main voice of reason to help shake Frodo out of his increasingly eroding, Ring-obsessed mental state.
What’s cool is having a bunch of dragons with one boss.Using FMA, Mustang is loyal and caring to all of his colleagues no matter how expendable the seem. With the hommonculi, some are blindly loyal, some want to usurp, and some (Greed) want to completely revolt. Also, mark FMA off your bingo cards folks.
I won't lie, when I first saw the title, my brain went to the RHM in Henry Stickmin. Yep, everyone's favorite red mustached stick.
It's always fun whenever the main villain of a series is an evil dragon, who has a Dragon. It's something I've always liked.
"And during the war, you served as Megatron's _what_ exactly?" "I've been his first officer, his lieutenant general, his air chief marshal... but mostly I've been his _whipping boy."_ "And how would you describe your relationship with the accused?" "I would describe it as _complicated."_
I find the lack of the monarch and 21 references offensive
You all are really non-stop!
Megatron betraying Predaking = Boss betraying Dragon.  Very nice.
I see some berserk everywhere. Like Griffith having guts as a right hand makes him good, and losing plunges him in despair and he "becomes" evil
The homeboy.
I'm not gonna pretend bodyguard crush isn't my literal favorite romance trope the power imbalance and ethical conundrums be damned.
Honestly the character tropes are my favorites. Idk why.
Once again kinda disappointed that Red hasn't read (or at least watched) One Piece yet. Zoro would have made for a PERFECT example for this video.
Solid video as always! Love it!
you forgot the one where the heros right hand man turns evil. One of my favorites. Great vid, glad to see you uped the output for these
3 view and 4.5k likes? Go home YouTube. Your drunk.
Outgunned? Outmanned? Outnumbered and outplanned?  Then you’re gonna need a right hand man.
Hmm.. Never thought righthand man needed to be badass, but more of a totally loyal assistant, the example that leaps to my mind is from Gargoyles, Owen To Xanatos
My favorite version of this trope is when it is mixed with the reformed villain trope.
Two of my favourite examples of this trope are from RWBY and Miraculous Ladybug. In RWBY you have Roman Torchwick and Neo, a pair of criminals who serve the bad guys of the first three seasons. Roman is the boss while Neo is the Right Hand Man, and they have a very fun dynamic of teasing each other like close friends would. There’s no romance involved, it’s just two close friends committing crime, until Roman is killed at the end of the third season and Neo ends up going on a vengeance quest to avenge his death. In Miraculous, you have Gabriel and Natalie. Natalie works for Gabriel, who’s secretly series big bad Hawkmoth/ShadowMoth, which makes it a professional relationship. She serves him because he pays her, that’s it. However, she begins to fall in love with him, caring about him so deeply that she even tries using a broken Miraculous to save him from being defeated by the good guys, which gets dangerous when she continues to use it. On Gabriel’s side, while she is just his assistant and partner in crime, he never takes her for granted and always shows that he both cares about her and desires her advice.
I think my favorite use of this trope is when the boss is temporarily taken out of action and the right hand man now has to do both jobs. this can lead them to believe they should just take over, or make them realize they don''t like the boss' goals, or even realize they don't have the skill set to be totally in charge and reinforce their loyalty
Another villainous variation (though not always) is when the Left Hand Man is keeping the villain in check.  Maybe they were their morale compass. Or they were the litteral key, while the villain had immense evil sealed inside them.  ANd now, they're gone and the previously inept villain is going to destroy reality as we know it. Good Job. Or our heroes knows this before hand/learned it just before the final battle, and have to find another way to deal with the Big Bad. Maybe defeating it first. Maybe  try to talk them out of whatever evil they were planning. Or just bonk them with a heavy object while we deal with the big bad, though that's less interesting.
3 Aufrufe? Wow, that's actually remarkable.
Kato: The only popular/cool thing about the old green hornet TV show, and the main reason why the Green Hornet TV show is still remembered.
Hi
There's also an interesting sub variant of the Dragon Ascendant trope in which the main villain goes through a reception arc and abandons their evil scheme(s), only to be backstabbed and replaced by their Dragon, who it turns out was way more committed to the whole evil thing. This has the benefit of making the final villain someone that the hero(es) already have a history with, but risks disappointing the audience if they were hoping for a showdown with the original villain. It's also a pretty handy trope in games, as it can allow the player to successfully diplomance the main villain into submission without sacrificing the exciting boss fight.
I was super surprised by the sonic movies, where Dr. Robotnic has a right hand man in the character Agent Stone... and was even more surprised when it was clear that Robotnic had respect for him
honestly the recent example I loved the most of this is the sonic movies tbh
Mo Dao Zu Shi has the right-hand man dynamic in several areas of the story, the most notable is Wen Chow and Wen Zhuliu. Now unlike many dynamics presented, Wen Chow is the second son of a powerful lord. He may be the boss when he is on his own, but he is also pretty ordinary when compared to a lot of the main characters of the story and very much the low man on the power dynamics when it comes to his own family. However his dad is the big bad, at least at the start of the story, and he has no qualms about using the threat of his daddy's power to lord over other people, Wen Zhuliu is his bodyguard and loyal to the clan to a fault. Now Wen Zhuliu has a unique and terrifying power that makes him a badass in contrast with Wen Chow's own lack of said. What is really interesting about them is that no matter how messed up Wen Chow gets in his actions, Wen Zhuliu doesn't betray him, even when he *knows* what is happening is messed up and wrong. Even if he personally sees the wrong his loyalty to the clan, to Wen Chow's father, won't allow him to let his charge come to harm if he can prevent it.  When confronted by another character about protecting Chow, Zhuliu replies that he must repay his gratitude to Chow's father. In response, Wei Wuxian demands to know why other people had to suffer in order for him to pay for his personal debts. The dynamic is fascinating and I highly recommend it.
What about left-handed women? Does that exist? Eh, dunno. Should it exist? Y E S!
So, I guess it’s less of a Starscream and more of a Soundwave, right?
get ya right hand man back you know you gotta get ya right hand man back
Are you gonna do a trope talk about multiverses? Like traveling mechanics, role in the story, how some stories sonly have 2 universes while others have more, etc
How many right hands are needed before one becomes a lefty?
I think it might be a high fantasy thing sometimes there is a dragon to fight and the big bad evil wizard after that
HUNTER THE BELOVED
I desperately want a "Crimes" t-shirt with the fist bumping villain and dragon. It just makes me smile.
The Right Hand Man trope makes me think of Eve from No Straight Roads. I feel it's a worthy blueprint for Right Hand Men/Women worth discussing.  Before she met Tatiana, her boss, she was a girl who clearly had... _issues._ She was desperate to find people who saw the world the way that she did. After her boyfriend left her when she illuminated his hair with bright lights (e.g. setting his hair on fire), she became afraid that there was no one that could. She began working to spread her own popularity as an artist. Tatiana took notice, and welcomed her into the No Straight Roads company.  Eve and Tatiana demonstrate a 3d relationship throughout their appearances. According to Eve herself, Tatiana accepted her for who she was. But it's not a controlling relationship- she doesn't feel too uncomfortable to question Tatiana's orders when they hit personally. She even felt comfortable enough to bring her TV over to Tatiana's place to watch the news and understandably was miffed when her boss punches it after seeing the protagonists' success.  It's a really weird example of a Right Hand Man. But what I think should be taken away from it is that there's a lot to be gained from the Right Hand Man or Woman being their own character with their own personality, wants, and history, especially if those contextualize why they have the relationship that they have with their boss.
Samwise Gamgee from LOTR is the best right hand man.  Haven’t finished it yet so idk if it gets brought up!
This is exactly why Minions: Rise of Gru Is a Right-Hand Man Masterpiece
The best right hand man is kronk
About the bodyguard - badass, I think it's missing the "leash" dynamic: when the right hand is there to keep the badass from going off the rails and probably curbstomping the opponent's side when the right hand is out of commission
there's this video game where you play as the villain Conquering the world one thing is that his remark is that you never harm children when you go into a town prison and Slaughter everyone that's there you do not harm any of the children and in fact you release them and it is even remark that 100 Minions that in your thousand years of existence there has never once reported that you have harmed the children
Ah yes three views
**readys Avatar: The Last Airbender Bingo Slot**
I’d watch a whole video about the Starscream type
Yes, Rin was Seshomaru’s adopted daughter that humanized him. This is because Inuyasha is a good show, actually, and doesn’t need a sequel.
5:00 is merthur and the 1st twist too
I quite like the way JRPGs handle right-hand men. Why have one ass-kicking #2 when you can have seven of them, each with their own strengths and weaknesses that (theoretically) give each of them plenty of time in the spotlight?
I was going to say, Will Riker is absolutely a badass.
I'M GONNA NEED A RIGHT HAND MAN!
Because of the whole codependency and loyalty thing, I was really wishing to see The Monarch and Henchman 21 from The Venture Bros. That show breaks all stereotypes in a way that doesn’t come off as, “We just gotta be different and subvert expectations.”   After Henchman 21 buffs up and gains ~trauma~ he also becomes a lot more loyal to the Monarch and sticks with him through thick and thin, no matter how far off the rails The Monarch goes for his obsession to kill Dr. Venture. You can really see how they become friends. There is an arc where 21 leaves to be a good guy for a while and The Monarch always holds to how 21 will come back to him because he is loyal, unlike his other minions. In the final episode, The Saffrax Protocol, 21 refuses an offer to be a villain (villainy can be a career in this show) because quote, “I just want to help my friend with his hate. Hench for life!”  Anyway, I really like today’s trope talk, Red! You touched a lot of good points. Have a nice weekend!
"So no one told you life was gonna be this way Your job's a joke, you're broke Your love life's DOA It's like you're always stuck in second gear When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month Or even your year, but I'll be there for you (When the rain starts to pour) I'll be there for you (Like I've been there before) I'll be there for you ('Cause you're there for me too)"  The Rembrandts - I'll Be There For You
A right hand man is specifically important when you're a one handed pirate or villain in general
I wonder if you could look into any tropes from the recall episode in a series, ya know that one ep that normally sums up the last two or so seasons, I just wonder if there are any tropes for dat
I could be wrong, but I think the 'dragon' as a term for villainous second in command comes from the Bible. In revelation the antichrist is obviously the big bad, but someone called the dragon is also a very important evil figure. He's the false prophet and helps spread the antichrist's supposed divinity and work miracles in his name. Definitely fits the trope even if it's not the origin. And speaking of fitting the trope, shout-out to my man Samwise Gamgee. He literally carried Frodo to the finish line, and was an undeniable badass taking down Shelob in a 1-v-1.
I'd be greatly disappointed at these lack of Artemis Fowl content, but the only available clips would be the terrible Disney adaptation, so you get a pass from me.
10:57 This one makes me think of Kif & Capt Brannigan from Futurama, except they tweaked it a bit.
"A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky dangerous animals and you know it." -Agent Kay
Thanks for the video.
"Individuals are smart and groups of people are stupid"... I mean... i would imagine that individuals are only so smart or so stupid... but groups of people amplify these qualities, so they are WAY smarter and Way dumber. for example, I am an individual and have decided to be persnickety and make a comment about 1 sentence of a wonderful video, thus proving that I, an individual, is stupid.  Meanwhile the swarms of people who tell me that I am an idiot for making said comment are going to be right, therefore smart. Point proven?
I think the reason that evil right hand men are called “The Dragon” might be because in older JRPGs, like Final Fantasy 4, the first major villain’s right hand guy is just literally straight up a dragon
3 views 245 comments I think YouTube despite being an AI can’t do math
God the footage of Hunter from the Owl House hits so hard..... Poor kid.
I think one of the more unique examples of the heroic "right hand man" trope is from "The Hit-mans Bodyguard." Ryan Reynolds character Michael Brice is tasked with protecting his sworn enemy, the hit man Darius Kincaid. Played by Samuel L. Jackson.  Bryce has to protect Darius, because The Government needs him and have made a deal. Meanwhile, Darius has to keep Bryce alive for his own safety and benefit.  Which is fun because it puts the heroes in a sort of antagonist-like relationship. Because, for all Intent and purposes they would gladly fight each other in any other circumstance. But right now they can't so they show their hatred for each other as insults and belittling each other.  Its essentially Heroic or hero adjacent characters being put in a typically villains only situation.
Imagine the asymmety of the right hander seeing it as just a paycheck while the boss cares super deeply.
A good villian and dragon is dutch van der linde and arthur. arthur is loyal to dutch and dutch is not arthur.
Transformers Prime really did have a lot of social dynamics tropes didn't it? XD
But villain need a kid? Does know one read the evil overlord list. So a villain and dragon would be the shredder  and Hun 2003
You talk about a character who barely exists outside of the protagonist's shadow, and list love interests etc.. before getting to the Right Hand Man.  How could you miss mentioning Baby Yoda! The character who exists to be taken care of.   Grogu gets to be a MacGuffin, a One to Be Cared For, and the occasional Deus ex Machina or comic relief ("don't eat that"), when needed.
I love how they used this trope for Hunter aka the Golden Guard from The Owl House. HUGE SPOILERS FOR SEASON 2. It's an amazing show that people should watch.  When we first meet Hunter, he just seems like a special bad guy in the Emporer's Coven. However, we later see what his life is like with his "uncle" Emporer Belos. Then Hollow Mind hits, and it hits like a train. Hunter was loyal to Belos until Belos tried to kill him, which prompts him running away in fear, and causes him to join team good guy.
Not that I forget, but these trope talks continuously remind me of how good atla is
3 views... like 50 comments. Something seems off here YT... LOL.
I could (and often do) listen to Red and Blue talk about literally anything for incredible lengths of time.
Mildly surprised I didn't see some reference to Lex Luthor and Mercy Graves.
So….what about the Left-Hand man ??
U mean voltron
Red could rattle off a worldanvil add in her sleep at this point
3 views 3k likes, who are you thousand beings!
3 views and 2.5k likes. Yes, makes sense yt.
A fun one: The Right Hand Man is loyal to and cares deeply about the Boss. But then they realize that the Boss doesn't really care about them so they betray their Boss. Except it turns out that the Boss *did* actually care deeply for the Right Hand Man.
We love you Red!
Awesome! Another interesting relationship done great is between Skelator and Evilyn in He-Man Revolutions. They gave it layers I was not expecting.  Great Trope talk! Seen them all! Honestly didn't know what a trope was before this channel, I would have called them cliches, but that's a different thing, right?
Ah yes 250 comments 3 views
Red I need you to know that the dragon (and likewise dragon ascendent) is my favorite of all time and I ADORE that you break it down so much
Does anyone else ONLY hear the TFS dialogue when they cut to Hellsing?
Henchman 21's arc from Venture Bros is a great example of the right-hand man motif
It’s funny to see Kronk here as the badass, but it really does make sense. I also would’ve loved to see Tanya and Serebryokov (I hope I didn’t mess up the spelling). Still love the video, good work
I feel bad for the always unseen, forgotten "Left-Hand Man." The right hand man always gets the love.
5:43 Just a thought, but maybe it's called "The Dragon" as a reference to the disney-style fairy tales, the ones where you have some evil magic user that imprisons the princess that's then guarded by a dragon. The magic user is the boss, the dragon is the one who provides the muscle for the boss' plan. Sleeping Beauty is the first one that comes to mind as an actual example, Shrek is another one, but the trope of "imprisoned princess guarded by a dragon" is common enough in western storytelling (which is probably why Shrek used it in the first place)
I think it's funny when discussing the Villain backstabbing the Dragon you showed Megatron fighting with Predaking, who is both the literary Dragon trope as well as a literal dragon
How the comment section isn’t filled with Hamilton references is beyond me.
My favorite right hand man is Bob from Batman. He's the most loyal and gets killed because the joker was just mad about his balloons.
I'm surprised there wasn't the example of Berserk where Guts is Griffith's right hand man. Griffith shows affection towards Guts which reverses the bodyguard stuff, but causes a massive effect upon Griffith when Guts leaves. That massive effect isn't for the faint of heart so warning there.
The drawing of the villain and dragon fist bumping with the word CRIME behind them would make a great t shirt
5:39 Uh Sometimes Pretty sure almost every Villain has a right hand man.
(dontsayitdontdsayitdontsayit)  ...  ...  "Your right hand comes off?"
My favorite ones from games are Kim Kitsuragi and Garrus Vakarian.
No mention of Right Hand Man from  Henry Stickmin?      waaaaaa
Riza is one of the greatest right hand man characters and THATS A FACT
Loved seeing Gideon and Harrow pop up here :)
This is unrelated, but would you ever do a Halloween episode on Phantom of the Opera? I feel like that would lend itself to a lot of discussion, with how many adaptations it has and the cultural presence it has.
Ah, another trope talk with prime examples. Loved that the most standout dragon in the shows a literal dragon
One of my favourites of this is from C&C Tiberian Sun, with Kane and Slavic. Slavic being so loyal to Kane, and so damn good at his job as the Brotherhoods 2IC, that notoriously unforgiving Kane, while being Visibly pissed, actually forgives Slavic for falling for a GDI trap and getting captured, and arranges a mission to rescue him.
AYO I'M GONNA NEEED A RIGHT HAND MAN!
Fun historical example of the Bodyguard Betrayal: Roman Emperor Pertinax tried to reform the imperial bodyguards (the Praetorian Guard) because they'd become super corrupt at this point. Unsurprisingly, the Praetorian Guard killed him. They then sold the throne to Marcus Didius Julianus, who lasted all of nine weeks.
One of my favorite right-hand man character types is when the former villain who is now a antihero becomes the right hand of the main character.
Is there a good way to figure out where the clips you use come from. The Villain having a child scene was interesting
So... OSP After Dark right-hand man tier list when?
12:00  And then there's Lu Bu, the dragon who never met a back he wouldn't stab.  It was less goal-oriented, and more of a lifestyle.
Now I'm curious about your thoughts about the Villain Trope (though I guess it may not be as often so maybe not a trope) where the Right-hand Man was so loyal that they are dilutional of knowing their boss so well they can act on their own, but in reality they don't know their boss as well which only pisses their boss off. (Example: Boss has plan, Right hand man figures "Oh, if I kill this troublesome person that is a thorn in the side of my boss, I'll be seen!", Right hand man goes through with killing said person, and the Boss is *pissed* because the right hand man didn't realize that boss needed that person *alive* for whatever reason and was using that troublesome aspect against said person.)
Legends of Vox Machina has the unique Villain/dragon dynamic where both are married to eachother
Que the song from Something Rotten cause idk Hamilton!
Must... resist... temptation... to sing Hamilton!  I'm gonna need my right-hand man back!
I love the villain and dragon dynamic between Dr. Draken and Shego. Way healthier than Joker and Harley and Lex and Mercy.
What if the Boss and Bodyguard end up reversing roles over time?
3 views 195 comments. Youtube broke again I suppose
Gideon and Harrow!! (:
I'm very partial to the Right-Hand Man trope, but this trope has one major series that uses it damn well while also having a lot of variety in it's approach. Let's talk Fire Emblem.  I can only talk about Awakening, Fates and Three Houses, but in all three games every member of royalty has 1 to 2 retainers, with both acting as a right-hand man. Awakening has your character become one of the two faithful retainers to a prince of a local kingdom, and you essentially act as the tactician to his badass (despite the fact that Robin is a comically powerful unit) and help him and the kingdom. This is despite the disapproval of the second retainer, Fredrick, because of his natural job in trying to keep the prince safe.  Fire Emblem Fates is kind of an "Oops, All Retainers" story, because each of the 9 main lords in the game have 2 retainers. Each of the retainers are very distinct though, but it also showcases how valued the royalty is to both nations, while also giving the excuse to add a lot more distinct personalities to the group. Honestly, this wasn't my favourite approach, but that's mostly thanks to the poor writing and translation between the versions. Oh well, this still gave us Niles and Odin together.  Three Houses is probably the most interesting because of who specifically doesn't have a retainer. Of the four main lords (being Edelgard who has a Magic retainer in Hubert, Dimitri who has two retainers in Dedue and Gilbert being bodyguard varients, and Rhea who has Seteth as a tactician retainer) Claude is the only one who doesn't technically have a defined one, because he's the only one of the four main lords that doesn't need either a retainer nor the protagonist in his respective route. Dimitri and Edelgard have enough emotional baggage to blatently require the protagonist, and Rhea desires the lead to walk with her. Claude however is set in his goals regardless of the route, but that's because he both has the brains to make plans and brawn to carry it out. He's the only Lord of the four that actually Xanatos' his way through the game. Neat.
one of my favorite scenes for a villain right hand man, was Dr. Eggman and his right hand man in sonic 2, where when eggman got his 3rd act power up, and starts to build the Death Egg, his right hand man, comes out yells "doctor, take me with you" and just picks him up to take him along. which i think is more fun than the whole "i don't need you anymore whahaha"
"The Dragon" as trope name originates in Joseph Campbell's "The Hero Of A Thousand Faces", which compares various fantasy heroes. In folklore, the hero will often fight an *actual* dragon before confronting the intelligent but physically weaker Big Bad. Hence, dragons (or stand-ins for them) are often portrayed as a Big Bad's second-in-command.
Didn't start, but if this doesn't mention Hamilton imma be dissapointed.
I’d love a classics summarized on Sherlock Holmes stories! I’d love to see Holmes and Watson in Red’s art style!
30 minutes. 2.2K likes. 3 VIEWS!!! I think my YouTube is messed up.
The right Hand Lancer can be the more honorable Guy, if the Main Villian is the bad Guy. If the Bad Guy has no very personal Rivalry whit one of the Protagonists, the Evil Lancer, or Dragon is a Prime Candidate for that Role.  Furthermore if the Show tries to hold back on Streamtime for the main Bady to make him special, a Second in Command often has more Streamtime, in this Case someone like Azula.
Shout out to Vox Machina and the Briarwoods for taking the villainous side of this trope to its logical extreme: Unholy Matrimony
I still have the suggestion of covering  magic (and usually evil) clowns/jesters in fiction. There are surprisingly a lot of them. Marx, Jevil, Dimentio, Pennywise, just to name a few
Anyone else getting Gideon & Harrow vibes from the "Big Guy & Smart Guy" illustration?  It might be the color scheme Red chose (and the sunglasses, let's be honest), but it's pinging the Locked Tomb part of my brain
Treize and Lady Une from Gundam Wing
THE DRAGON  YESSSS
Would Starscreams be a Left-Hand Man?
On the topic of the "Dragon" name being weird, it's just a classic case of definition drift. TVtropes originally had the term mean a major physical threat the protags would have to go through to reach the (often less mighty in terms of raw power) big bad. So it was called that because it would and could often be just some kind of giant monster (not always, though, see Vader for instance). But then, with time and people trying to shoehorn their favorite shows into every page, the definition went from that to a less specific "the second to last boss" to "the big bad's second-in-command". So yeah, like in most languages the name makes no sense because the sense went away over time.
Please do Heroic Sacrifices, Those Two Guys, or A Form You Are Comfortable With!
the ULTIMATE mutual "Bodyguard Crush...Gourry Gabriev and Lina Inverse (with a subset of Amelia and Zelgadis...)
Yona of the Dawn is the best example of body guard crush I've ever seen
Then you have Castlevania that does both "The Dragon Back Stabbing the Villian" in Hector and "The Villian 'Back Stabbing' the Dragon" in Issac.
I see Roy and Riza I watch
"I am, how I always been, your right hand." - Raziel
An OSP video that's half an hour old but only has 3 views?
Why did Walter betray Integra? Alucard:  Because you want to f*** me!  Am I "moe" enough for you?
Berserk has one of my favorite right hand man relationships between Griffith and Guts.  Griffith is the leader of a mercenary band that climbs its way to full official army status, and Guts is the protaganist and one of the Captains in that band.  Griffith is repeatedly shown to be ruthless and willing to sacrifice anyone except for Guts, who he risks everything to save over and over.  But Guts wants to be by Griffith's side as a friend, not an underling, so leaves the army.  Griffith sees this as betrayal and abandonment from the one person he ever saw as a friend instead of a tool, setting off his slide from questionably ethical hero to full blown villain, which in time turns Guts against him.  Their dynamic shifts and changes, and all the changes are deeply character driven.
Always gotta rely on the right hand man, never the left hand lol
Shoutout to Dimentio from Super Paper Mario who both has a morally good reason for betraying the villain, and also after becomes the main villain making the previous villain able to have a full on redemption arc in under an hour.
3:53 Is that a wild Gideon and Harrow I spy?
My reaction to this and the lancer video was just "Yes, I want to be that"
If Draken and Shego weren’t on this list I was gonna riot.
*WE ARE OUTGUNNED-*
really happy to finally see owl house get recognition in trope talks
3:43 Is that...is that GIDEON AND HARROW???
Anyone remember the Kim Possible episode where Shego became the main villain and took over the world, and we realized it would actually be horrifying if she suddenly stopped being Dr. Dracon's right hand man?
Wooo. 12:27 in the morning, on my way back home and i get to listen to a brand new troupe talk. What a way to end a train ride home.
My favorite thing is when the villain boss will sacrifice to protect their bodyguard. I just love villains who will inconvenience their plans in order to protect their underlings
I wonder if you can make a trope talk of "the last of their kind" trope that'd be cool
About Walter in Hellsing: The betrayal wasn't really unexplained at all! Walter mentions that he is getting old. He used to be comparable to Alucard, an unstoppable monster hunter machine, but he is still human. So when he gets old, he starts getting weaker, while Alucard gets stronger. He betrays the Hellsing because he longs to be at his peak again, and is willing to give it a one in a million shot to make it happen.
Can we see you dm a dnd game
Watching Soundwave clown all over Arachnid will never not be cool as fuck.
I love the betrayal thing where the boss and RHM are good guys. It's such a good story beat and can be packed with fun character stuff. Legends of Tomorrow does a pretty good job with this with Leonard Snart and Mick Rory. Both were initially ruthless villains to the Flash but they were enlisted onto a team of time traveling heroes and became good guys. But as Snart steadily grew more heroic, Mick fell into a dark place and eventually betrayed the team. It was then revealed that a future version of Mick was the bounty hunter following them through time. It was really cool to watch and the reveal that Mick was Chronos was one of the best twists in the show
At the doctors, perfect timing! Especially after I get stabbed 8 times with a needle because I have rolling veins...
Kif to Zapp brannigan
Hey, where would Smithers fall in all this?
The most op right hand man is Samwise Gamgee: the greatest gardener of all time.
Megatron's "Dragon" would be Soundwave.
The only spicy plot on heroic righthand man I can think of is the "I-wanna-be-more-than-just-the-right-hand-man" crisis.Want to be the hero's equal (ie. Lancer), friend, lover, etc.  Though the only one I could think of is the Griffit-Guts dynamic in the flashback arc of Berserk, and that ended up very badly...
Surprised you didn't use the Briarwoods from Vox Machina. Great video :)
An interesting thread from this that could make for another trope talk is "Even Villains have loved ones". The villain can be a psychopathic piece of shit but they are seen in a different light if they have a pet or a family member they care about. Not an outright henchman but perhaps a cat they can stroke, showing that they aren't completely dead inside
I think the Dragon is called that because in fairytales, the Big Bad Wizard often had a pet dragon that was very powerful and would guard him from the heroes!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Arthur from Red Dead Redemption fits this role so well.
its not a friday without an osp vid   (no i totally did not forget what day it was and only know once i saw osp on my home page... that you was you )
Love this trope? Read One Piece. Zoro (his pirate captain Luffy's right-hand man),  and a fascinating relationship with his captain. Addresses every important question you could ever have and weaves it into the overall short-term *and* long-term  narrative seamlessly. It's very compelling. Zoro has it in his nature to be the boss, and dedicates all his energies into his own goal of becomes the greatest swordsman in the world. He makes a crazy amount of sacrifices to that end... and that's what makes it so compelling when he gradually grows to value his captain's dream even above his own. Luffy's goal, if you don't know, is to become "King of the Pirates." "Pirates" being people who chose to live independent of the totalitarian government of the setting. So, being King of the Independents is a seemingly ludicrous goal. Larger than life, at the very least. That's just one excellent character's arc, too. Read One Piece. It's a long commitment, but 100% worth your time.
why are there 3 views but 1.6k likes?
Azula’s spiral is also kicked off by the betrayal of HER right hand women. Mai betraying her to save Zuko, and Ty Lee betraying her to save Mai. This rocks her foundation so much that when her father leaves her behind, her mind shatters as she starts seeing treachery EVERYWHERE, because if Mai and Ty Lee- the only real friends she’s ever had- would betray her, then ANYONE could betray her.
3:46 Hello Gideon and Harrowhark! I think they're a great example of this particular sub-trope, though they're also very much a fighter/mage combo as well.
The Bro!
WAIT A SECOND. DID RED JUST REFERENCE THE LOCKED TOMB AT 3:45???
The Right Hand Man is a favorite trope of mine(right next to really wise, and super buff old guys) Keep up the amazing job!
Thank you for releasing this video right before I took a dump. Trop talks are my go to dump taking video.   That is a compliment.
SPYXFamily does this very well
It happens in red rising where the protagonist was betrayed by their right hand dispite being a good boss. But the right hand had a good reason to betray them
… … … I’ma do it! *HERE COMES THE GENERAL! RISE UP!*
I used to call Anakin my right hand man... for more than one reason.
Domovoi Butler from the Fowl series is one of my favourite examples of this trope
Now you’ve got to talk about the Left Hand role. It’s similar, but in actuality super different to the right hand man trope,  they do the dirty work behind the scenes.
In real life Agrippa or Belisarius are probably the GOATs when it comes to right hand men. Fictional right hand mans I gotta go with Silvio Dante.
I'm surprised Alfred wasn't mentioned when you brought up badass butlers
Ironically, I suppose Moridin is the dragon to the Dark One's villain in Wheel of Time...
"Villain consumes the Dragon who is evidently fine with it"  Gave me a serious Castlevania flashback.  "My Power! Use my power!!" SOUL STEAL
So many of these are rolled into a single relationship with Harrowhark and Gideon from Gideon the Ninth.
This reminds me of Drummer in "The Expanse" TV series. She starts off as the right hand, but eventually becomes the boss on her own.
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos ~ 🟥
Ah yes, a perfect episode to check FMAB and Avatar off the bingo card
Here for the Hunter Belos example
I was hoping she would bring up FMA. I wasn't disappointed.
Hey Red, I adore your videos but it's really hard for me to follow them because the background music is often too energetic/too noticeable and I end up getting sensory issues!
Wow
Imagine how fire it would have been to have a dragon battle butler bodyguard thus being absolutely assured of having a warm (and potentially spicy) meal served to you presumably three times a day like a boss.
I’m also a fan of the Former Right Hand Man, where a pair of characters were once on the same side and have now flipped partially- look at Thor and Loki in the Marvel Films. Even though initially we don’t see much of it, their relationships as brothers made Loni the thinking right hand man of Thor, who replaces him  with a five man band who didn’t exactly treat him well. This set up, even though a lot of it is off screen, makes the rise of Loki as a big bad and or dragon makes complete sense- his fight is personal.
Yes but what about the spinach puffs
"I am a yes-man i stay in line I do what they tell me I am theirs but I'm still mine I do what they tell me I do what they say  Taking orders as they come I do what they tell me Always silent, never dumb I do what they tell me I do what they say  Behind my dark glasses There's a man who has a point of view Let him see, yeah, let him see Behind my dark glasses There's a man who has some feelings too Let him be me, yeah, let him be me Let him be me Let him be me  Never question wrong or right I do what they tell me Never argue, never fight I do what they tell me I do what they say  Pull my trigger, close my eyes I do what they tell me Act my part and tell their lies I do what they tell me I do what they say  Behind my dark glasses There's a man who has a point of view Let him see, yeah, let him see Behind my dark glasses There's a man who has some feelings too Let him be me, yeah, let him be me"  Dark Glasses - Nik Kershaw
As soon as she mentioned a villain taking care of a kid my brain jumped to Sesshomaru, cue Inuyasha clips like five seconds later.
One of my favorite “right hand man” examples, specifically for the “smart and strong dynamic”  Is probably Brock Sampson or dr mrs the monarch from venture bros.  They, much like everything in that show is a breakdown and recontextualization  of that trope. Brock the strong bodyguard and dr mrs a breakdown of the more competent wife trope. They are so much more competent to a comical degree but the world they live in has people like them get undercut by people like rusty or the monarch.   They are better but their purpose is to make their others look better than them.  It’s kinda sad but also cool because you realize that they aren’t really mad about that. That’s how life is for them. It goes to a point that one of the show creators even said that characters like Brock exist to make others evolve and grow.  Good show. Shouldn’t have been canceled.
Red watch season 4 of Young Justice!!!
3rd viewer
I love how many examples there are of this trope
Potential Trope Talk: The Last of their Kind. So many ways to approach this topic. From the noble hero that represents ideals long gone and a morality that is implied to be dying in the modern era, to the evil of the past coming back to an unprepared era, to even honest conversations about the evils of the past decimating entire civilizations and the preservation of culture such as protecting isolated people like the North Sentinelese.  Characters that this could apply to Aang (Avatar the Last Air Bender) Optimus Prime Scar (FMA) Conan the Barbarian Red Sonja Elric of Melnibone Gamora (MCU) Thanos (MCU & comics) Geralt of Rivia  Edit: Below, in the replies, you will find many more examples but here are a few more I've remembered. Megatron Daenerys Targaryen Dracula (several iterations) Ra's Al Ghul Vandal Savage Ganondorf Spear & Fang (Gendy Tartakovsky's Primal) Josey Wales The remaining Tarnished in Elden Ring The player character in either Dark Souls or Bloodborne\ Link and/or Zelda in some timelines The Predacons (Transformers Prime) and finally... Aragorn, son of Arathorn
I have nothing intellectual to add to this, just wanted to write a comment for the algorithm.
Alternative title: mafia tropes
So, Dragon is not equal to Starscream, going over the same show, then would that classify Soundwave as the Dragon? 🤔 Cause he definitely seems like Megatron's most trusted Decepticon
12:20 I see what you did there
Is there a left hand man trope?
This man will always have my back. Even if we die, even after we die. Our story started with us.
Everyone who immediately thought Sevro from Pierce Brown's "Red Rising" please raise your hand
My personal fav "right hand man" is Deputy Marshall Gunderson from Justified... as he and Rayland Givins both consider the other, the sidekick.
yooo fmab
Yoooo i was the 1k like
5:45: Even TV Tropes isn't sure why it's called The Dragon (beyond "Someone named it that and it was too embedded in the wiki/lingo by the time anyone realized it was a bad name"). It's not _as_ bad as Underground Monkey, but it's about as mysterious.
algorithm comment
I’m Mr. Sterling’s right-hand arm, man. I’m Mr. Sterling’s everything. I’m his confidant, his best friend, his silly rabbit.
The relationship of kircheis and Reinhard in the legend of the galactic hero’s covers many of these right hand man tropes over the course of the series.
West Wing: Jed Bartlet: You know the difference between you and me, I want to be 'the guy' you want to be the guy, 'the guy' counts on.
The second I saw the thumbnail with those legends on it, I knew this would be a good one
I always get mini heart attacks at how excited I get whenever I see you guys upload a new Trope Talk. Thank you for making these I really enjoy watching them.
Does a familiar to a mage counts as this trope? Or is it more like an animal partner or something?
So Azula from Avatar is a Dragon? Makes sense.
Was thinking about zoro and how well he fits this
Awesome to be here again!! All the best to everyone watching
If only Red would just read one piece. It does this trope the best of any story I've ever read. And it does almost every version of it you can conceive
The bodyguard crush. Ahhhh, let's see, how many fanfics have I read and written with this trope...  Yep, I have a problem. I have an actual problem.
Honestly, a great hero and villain is only as good as their right hand man if they have any.
I love how all the right hand man description drawings are purple and yellow. So its gender ambiguous, very nonbinary in color.
I think a Trope Talk: Dynamic Duos would be interesting.   (Sonic and Tails, Batman and Robin, Mario and Luigi, etc...)
I usually call this character the mini boss. (Dragon subtype specifically)
Word... anvil. It's a word
Big Guy to Smart Guy definetly looked like Gideon and Harrow.
Who hopes Red talks about the “Never Apologizing” trope so she has to talk about the “Toxic Parents” trope, the “Raising the Bar” trope so she has a reason to play games like FF7 or use JLU footage, or the “Toxic Metaphor” trope so she can talk about a certain X-Men character?
As annoying as it may be to comment this I cannot believe I am in fact this early
Can I make a Henry Stickmen joke because that one has a fun apply named Right Hand Man
Unbelievable, my right-hand man didn't inform me there was another OSP video
What's the saying the King shits and the hand wipes.
I love those clips of Starscram, he is such a wonderful wimp
Anyone else have Hamilton stuck in their head?
Evil Boss/right-hand man lovey dovey romance is peek evil romance.
But what about the left hand man
How to tell I haven't had my caffeine yet: I saw the vid title and thought "The cyborg guy from Henry Stickmin is a trope now?
Red's discussion of the bodyguard tropes in the media adds to how intriguing they already are. Also, props to Red for being able to resist the urge to use only Fullmetal Alchemist examples cause it's harder than it seems.
Before even watching, I'm like "She-go"
Well, since everyone else is busy referencing Hamilton: *insert Something Rotten reference here*
I didn't finish watching the video yet but i hope the "right hand man whos actually the secret boss and the OG boss is just his spokesperson" is here Its such a niche yet unexplored troupe, the only example i can think of in cinema is Iron Man 2(3?)
Definitely missed out on saying that the right hand man is defined by "Having a boss and being a boss"
I'm guessing the character doodles at 3:40 are a reference to Harrow and Gideon. Nice.
You should make a video the left-hand man. Aka the sidekick evil minion to the lesser boss. Usually they end up stabbing the right hand man in the back. Examples include Catra, Mai & Ty Lee and Grima Wormtongue.
So, If you put Rival Lancers and Second in Commands on Actual/Perceived Competency chart you’d basically map out the narrative Dunning Kruger Effect, right?
when will we get the next ep journey to the  weats
Wingman he's trying to help you out wingman wingman wingman.
Never clicked an episode faster, I'm straight up grabbing popcorn Henchman/sidekick is my favourite role in any story
Right now, supposedly there is three views, but a lot more comments
Oh hey this is the Trope Talk you mentioned with all the Hellsing examples!  Time for me to go for a very enthusiastic walk.
You know what I like about this trope? The main antagonist killing his right hand man. It shows the audience just how far the antagonist is willing to go and demonstrates just how much humanity they actually still have left.  And after watching deathly hallows part two for the million of time, watching Voldemort kill Snape is still my favorite part in the whole movie
Boop
First?
This one of my favorite trop
I love your videos red
Red dead 2 made the right hand henchman the lead character and it was a weird narrative experience.
It would be awesome if you did a trope that had to do with Our Flag Means Death. It’s such a good show
"People need people or they stop acting like people" - Red 2022
My dog died right before this came out
Good
I love the shirts at 2:09  “If lost, return to 💜BABE” “I don’t do matching t-shirts”  A truly archetypal pairing.
I kinda want to see a trope where the Boss is the ass kicker and the Right Hand is the smart guy. The boss is a good fighter but he can't plan for shit and has someone else to do that for them
Honey, wake up! A new Trope Talk!
Lets be honest here, World Anvil has always your right hand man
I was gonna make a Hamilton reference but it seems like the comments already have that covered
I would love a trope talk on evil clowns 😈🤡
: D
Could you please do a doppelgänger trope talk?
“I’m Mr. Sterling’s right-hand arm Man. I’m Mr. Sterling’s everything. I’m his confidant, his best friend, his silly rabbit,”
Posted 3 minutes ago
WHO. DOES. NUMBER. TWO. WORK. FOR?
You just made my day by posting this. Thank you so much!
As Red said in her Minions trope talk, a villain's dynamic with their minions can reveal a lot about themself that their dynamic with the heroes can't.  This absolutely applies to the right hand man.  On a related note, I have not seen Minions: The Rise of Gru and do not plan to.
I am a zookeeper in chicago and I regularly feed the hippos day old sausages so they have a taste of their home. I put strings on the sausages and swing them around the hippos they get so mad at me and scream but it's an obsession sometimes the hippos try and break out of their cages but I keep swinging those hotdogs in wide circles over their heads. Luckily my boss doesn't know I do this or my coworkers
Riza Hawkeye is one of my favourite anime characters of all time and I adore her character
I checked your channel and saw a new video (7 minutes later thanks YouTube notifications)
Prolly won't see this but I love y'all
*2 minutes ago* Forgot it was even trope talk time lol, im about 7 hours off my usual time zone
Having just binged the entirety of the Trope Talks library & waiting for more, I am inclined to quote Sir Christopher Lee’s Count Dooku:  I’ve been looking forward to this
3 views 16 likes of course
*Insert Obligatory Hamilton Reference here*
Oh noooo, another trope talk video. Guess I gotta take my lunch break 3 hours early 🤷‍♀️
AND HIS RIGHT HAND MAN
Hi 👋
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Salazar: I'm sending my right hand to deal with you. Leon: Your right hand comes off?
Always a good day when OSP posts
I’m so glad this video didn’t come out like, 5 years ago because this comment section would have been FILLED with Hamilton references
This is why I use lefty as often as i can
Yay! Good topic :)
*Insert Hamilton song here*
