Viddal would literally bury fury underground 😂😅
Viddal the real G man
1:10 i can see ksi in the very far background in his post interview when he kicked the screen like a 6 year old
My respect for Vidal went up
Go back to distracks plz there literally mocking boxing
Can't lie viddal might have a little bit of cold trash talk in him
Bro is right though. Tommy barely beat 2 YouTubers
I do agree with Viddal on some things but I think considering the amount of times jj got hit at the back of the head and tommy only losing 1 point is disgusting but it was such a boring fight , they were both clinching , mostly tommy but jj did aswell , I agree that it’s disappointing to be called a pro boxer and only win by 1 point to a YouTuber an celebrate as if you just beat Mike Tyson 😂
Have always said viddal would destroy tommy if they fought even when tommy got ranked higher then viddal which was a joke
One things for sure, tommy would get plowed by Viddal in the ring
Gold and silver chain is crazy
Draw ✍️
Tommy is a YouTube standard boxer.
Well said viddal 👑
On Tommy - "He's fighting at a level he belongs at". Truer words have never been spoken. Tommy is on the same level as YouTubers.
Viddal is a plant.😂
everyone in influencer boxing is scared of Tommy, they keep hugging him
JJ probably thinks he could beat Viddal
Viddal is so much better than tommy fury yet he thinks it’s a draw😂 with the 10-8 round for ksi it’s literally impossible for it to be a draw haha maybe he was drinkin
He’s spot on that Tommy should be leagues above KSI and Jake Paul but he’s not
Man those 12 year old ksi fans are now boxing analysts
Love this guys honesty and non bias
facts
Ksi would smash him
I love Viddal, only thing he said I didn't agree with is how Tommy is the same level as these guys. KSI is a shit boxer, he gets destroyed in a rematch.
Bro no way tommy is stilll in the family after that. Bro lost to a youtuber. That is embarrasing please get this guy out of manchester
needs to be more than 6 rounds its cringe just do 10
By now ksi should've found a way to land punches without him having to hug people. Its not entertaining to see. Pretty sure jake pauls fight with him would be the same.
No one can complain except for the people that payed to watch these *AWFUL* YT boxing events
Viddal is the realest!💯
Finally someone speaking sense, ksi claiming a robbery as if he knocked tommy down multiple times or something.   He did star jumps all fight, overhand right and hugged up 😂
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
If it was a draw 3-3 rounds each then ksi would win with the point deduction
No one can complain except everyone who watched it.
KSI did absolutely NOTHING to push the fight at all. He was waiting for a counter. Easily a terrible fight. Logan Paul VS Dillon was the main event.
Should have been in JJ corner…
Yeah, viddal would destroy Tommy.
Viddal always speaks the truth
Who here agrees that Leon and Viddal would prepare KSI for a Tommy Fury rematch.
Tommy is trash for a pro boxer barely  beat jake now barely beat ksi 😂😂😂😂
Tommy really ain't that good is he
But in his live reaction he thought JJ had won. Just back for friend for once like he always does for you. Tommy did not win that fight and claiming he did is outrageous. People call it a robbery because JJ had all the odds against him and still not not because he clearly dominated all fight. He edged a win, he outboxed the boxer and they should acknowledge. Don't just continue to hype up tommy because you want to fight him in the future the get a pay day.
Pure facts. And I don't see how anybody can dispute this or Tommy or the Fury family. Either pure delusion or idiocy. How can he say he's levels above guys he's barely scraping decisions from? Why isn't he blowing them away. He keeps letting us know he's 'been doing it his whole life', well that just makes it so much more embarrasing. Tommy is shit.
Can’t hug a man for 6 rounds and call it a robbery
Viddal needs to put Idris down already
viddal keeping it real again
We need Vidal vs fury
why doesnt Viddal bix tommy fury? he would slaughter fury
I'd say draw, no one really looked good. No wonder Tommy doesn't want to fight viddal
imagine being a "Professional Boxer" and only winning by 1 point.
JJs ego ain’t gonna like this lmao
If Redbull gives you wiings, does Prime give you forehead?
Ksi didnt deserve a win but neither did tommy. The big difference between this and other fights was ksi didnt want this win. He was scared, passive, hugging, barely initiated. With those other fights you could tell ksi at least was the aggressor and confident. Its like ksi was confident then took a hit from tommy and got scared for the rest of the fight to get hit again
Ngl vidal would rock Tommy
Ksi won it
Hes litterally just slagged his boss ksi off without meaning to, hugely overrated ego on that youtuber
why would anyone want to watch that again? it was as bad as the logan paul vs dillion fight.
Viddal really dissed TF out of Tommy saying how close his skill is to KSI. Tommy needs to be removed tf off the rankings. Man is a disgrace.
JJ complaining. I'm disappointed. Hands down the whole fight again. He's had better technique on pads and within other fights . If he just had Hands up and thrown more combinations. Again theirs been other times where he's thrown better technique type punches. Just wasting potential. Need to change teams. Didn't tell him to change,adap or change style. Saw better technique and stance/guard within his sparring football etc. Decent card tho
Viddal should know JJ made it difficult, its hard against unskilled boxers. For pros even.
KSI is not going to like this, you are suppose to feed his ego and validate his feelings
Tommy should be calling out Viddal but he knows full well he doesn't have the minerals to step in a ring with him💯
Got to also remember, tommy just turned 24 years old, and JJ probably has been boxing properly as long as Tommy
I'd merc Vidal
Vidal speaking for everyone when he said both main events were dead
Tommy to big for light heavyweight , Tommy used to come in at 8 lbs over weight for his fights and he is to small for a cruiserweight ..   Tommy making millions fighting YouTuber’s !  What would 2 boxers get for fighting for the light heavyweight British title ? £25 k ?
Tommy isn't the same level you perform as well as you need to based on your competition, everyone knows that
Hold on, didn't vidal say that he can promise 100 percent that ksi will knock out tommy fury, these guys know nothing man
bro is speaking nothing but faxxx, I honestly thought it was a draw as well. As garbage as this fight was, the math was just not mathing, no way tommy won that
tommy is all fart no poo he should be walking over these people.
He know KSI lost all that hugging but that’s his boy he can’t talk bad about him
Why can’t no gas keep it real KSI HUGGED THE WHOLE FIGHT
I can maybe see why JJ stopped surrounding himself around Viddal a lot. Viddal keeps it 100% at all times. He doesn’t kiss KSI’s ass. He knows that it wasn’t a robbery and could’ve been a draw. KSI only does good against other YouTubers and low level boxers. All he wanted to do is survive against Tommy. It was the same way with Logan. Clinching just to get through the fight.
https://youtu.be/KH4y4d90XZo?si=Rs_s7P-VObpcN2UU
I remember when I first saw Viddal a couple of years back on True Geordie's channel, I couldn't believe he was only in his early 20s. From the way he talked I would have thought he was in his mid to late 30s, retired a few years ago and has been coaching other up and coming boxers since then.
Respeta 💯
Honestly surprised by this fight. I thought JJ would get bodied so it's a pretty good progress mark to be able to even last those rounds with Tommy. And turns out Tommy Fury really isn't that good of a boxer.
Viddal said it perfectly, but i doubt anyone is going to want to pay to watch another shit show rematch. Atleast with out  people complaining about a refund afterwards. 😂
True ,,simple and to the point
"Close fight" y'all need to check yourself. KSI won 1 round MAX and people would dick ride him talking nonsense. Even the commentators were wondering what bullshit to throw at the audience so they can make the Youtuber not look like the amateur he is.
Vidal is the only one who doesn't suck jj off. Apart from that, literally everyone feeds his ego. Ksi got humbled
Viddal, you just got my sub on your channel. The boy kept it real. I would only add that this fight shows that Jake is a better fighter than JJ or Tommy.
props to viddal he's real. I'm way more concerned about the very poor quality of the match than the winner tbh. Worst main event in cross over boxing history
ONLY KSI BUMBOYS WILL ARGUE THE DECISION
Tommy should start up a YouTube channel he is basically just a influencer with a famous brother
Thank you Vidal for not being bias and keeping it 100….. first time hearing him tell the truth. He’s right they were the worst fights
Saying that hes surprised fury is fighting on the same level as YouTube boxers is so real. I never even thought about that but he's right, it is sad for somebody whose been boxing their whole life
The  realist for a reason
All that smack talk from KSI, he is overrated af. That jumping jack stance that he does in the ring while hoping to land a wild swing like a baby throwing a tantrum is just fcking awful 😂
To be fair… the fact that a KSI yes man says it’s a draw… means that’s he thinks Tommy won the fight but he’s too scared to admit that and upset KSI but at the same time trying to be credible 😊
The realist 💯
Big mistake from JJ to not keep training with this guy. Just real.
Tommy has never been good you all picked him to fight because his last name and you guys still lose to him 🤦‍♂️ your nothing special just like him
Fair play for saying the last 2 where very poor bouts. Dillion was the worst fighter I've ever seen
Viddal speaks facts can't deny that couldn't agree more
All respect to viddal, he likes ksi & hates tommy, but knows what he saw. Everything he said is true to.
Agree with him. Also have to wonder if Tommy didn't have his brother's name...... 🤷‍♂️
Worst fights ever should have been free as Dillon need to go stop letting this guy advertise him self junk boxing needs a make over
See we need real niggas like this
Viddal vs Tommy 😏??
who is this guy
Facts, undercards fights were far better. Tommy not being able to win comfortably vs these guys just shows everything you need to know. How can you not capitalize on an opponent throwing the same punch over and over again. It was like watching Anthony Taylor vs King Kenny all over again xD
Vidal vs ksi
i love how he’s not biased cuz obviously he wanted ksi to win but u can’t complain wit that outcome neither tommy or ksi was really boxing but mostly ksi
I think it should have been a draw but there is the KSI fans saying Robbery and the tommy fans saying it was clear from the start so both sides need to let go of it and move on lol
Vidal shits on tommy
I want to see Viddal vs Tommy now. Tommy barely "won" against Youtubers. Lets see him against a professional boxer that isn't 0-10 or 100+ losses. 😆Tommy barely got by and now fleeing from the Influencer boxing before he does get slept by one. Anyone else remember him saying "You're going to have the best version of me, I'm training for you like no other more than I've trained for Jake Paul" yet still "won" by a point.. 🤨. KSI being a sore loser though, nah I can't get behind that. He needs to humble him self an just appeal the decision. If I was a part of the Fury family, I'd still be extremely embarressed by Tommys performance. He should've dominated KSI in the ring, and out boxed him. Clinching or not.
I know JJ has a really good work ethic, but how do you train for something your entire life just to win by 1 point to a youtuber.
That was so facts the co and the main were the worst fights of the night
Looked like a draw ngl
If you run it back you cant make it a pay per view after that shocking display
It's both their faults because they both clinched non stop but Tommy always over extends his right hand going too far in causing a clinch
Embarrassing to call this boxing
This was the greatest interview ever, straight to the truth, keeping it real, only trusting facts and saying what everyone should think.
Only reason viddal is saying this is because tommy wont fight him😂
Viddal Riley throwing a dog at Tommy Maybe a Tommy vs Riley fight would be good 👀🔥🔥
KSI acted like a baby man. He didn’t even do enough to win regardless.
Run it back 💀🤣🤣🤣🤣
It’s hard to box someone who doesn’t want to box🤷‍♂️ ksi was literally doing star jumps then swinging an over hand right from 6 foot away to get in distance to cuddle it was really bad his style is awful I hope he doesn’t box again because that is not boxing. Fury was awful too but how can anyone look good against ksi it’s impossible he doesn’t want to box you can tell he’s been training at shootfighters he thought he was MVP😂. Slim and jake paul are doing it the right way them guys can actually box and unfortunately for fury he’s now tarnished with the same brush as these YouTubers because he’s barely beating them this fight was 100% a draw, what an L for boxing last night was.
Anyone who paid to watch that shit can moan.  I streamed it free......
Bro spitting facts😂
Imagine what viddal would do to tommy
To think tommy is not that much better than KSI 😭😭
Tommy loves to act like he's leagues above YouTubers when he obviously isn't.
What Viddal said👌
KSI needs to stop training with MVP. He’s clearly got the stance from him and he looks like an absolute fool. Tommy was disappointing but Vidal is 100% fair and right on this.b
The robbery is that neither Logan's ot ksi's fight went into 8 rounds, that was such a shame
Fight was super bad and boring, if they wanted to hug so much, they should go on a date not in the boxing ring... I'm very disappointed with Tommy Fury performance, he was just straight bad amateur boxer, no plan, keep falling into a clinch after throwing 1 jab without even connection. He didn't listen to his corner at all, maybe he fell in love with KSI thats why they kept touching each other idk... Very very poor performance, I don't see him as a professional boxer fighting with real boxers, he is just bad.
Personally think this is a good segway towards ksi vs jake paul 😂 They both lost to tommy so they might as well do the fight now
Viddal spitting facts that Tommy’s down bad being on the level of YouTubers despite his boxing lineage and more years of experience
Perfect take. I thought it was a draw as well, not enough between them.
This is why i will always back viddal in his career. Hes called real for a reason. I thought draw but edged tommy and agree tommy needs to be way better than that if he wants to be high level. Definitely shoupd just take his loss and fight jake . I agree no one should just conplain just be contempt with what God has planned.
I am so confused at which rounds KSI and his fans thought that he won. It was clear that KSI won round 2.  It was clear that Tommy won round 3, 4, 5 and 6. If judges had KSI winning round 1 (Which was a close round with not much happening in it) then it could have been a draw, at the very best.  Please, can somebody enlighten me? I'm not even a hater, I really am just a fan of boxing, and to me it looked like JJ only won 1 round.
See how bias a small media show can be and swat the idiots minds ... Now imagine a state government controlled media
but the ksi meatriders thinks otherwise
Dada 3000 vs kimbo was a better fight
I dont really think this guy is that special when it come to boxing skills , but atleast he is not  meatriding  KSI who s got his ego check…i mean Tommy was bad too but still controlled and was better
Just strengthens my belief that an average man can train well for a bit and do well in boxing. No chance in team sports especially football. Which is why the best sportsmen of all time for me are guys from teamsports. And it's football for me so it's messi
Can Viddal vs Tommy happen on misfits??
Vidal is a legend. Ksi and Tommy are wank. 😂
Well done jj
Viddal would smoke Tommy
Guy kept it real, this is what a real boxer is.. the 2 main events suuucked Viddal would beat all 4 of them one after another 😂
Ksi did not lose
What about the fking back shots to the head ? He only lost 1 point over more than 3 times hits to the head like r u mad ?!??? Thats a disqualification easy back head shots r dangerous i thought vidal was a boxer he should know better .
This man is speaking facts
Shouldn't KSI just ask him out instead of trying to hug him?
100% agree. It was a draw
It makes me wonder, wtf people were watching, KSI didn't even want to fight, sneaky punching , and holding like a bitch, Tommy being judged by a scared fighters fight. you'l all deluded.
How tf is tommy ranked higher than viddal
What makes me mad is everyone is dickeating like tommy dominated No there was no dominating yaw are haters
"The realist"
ksi is bag of shit hops like a kangaroo n throws a 1,2 then hugs if he boxed properly would of been exciting n he would of got humbled more than he did he gotta remember tommy had an injury n still has on in his right hand, even after a point deducted tommy still won proves a lot 💪🏽💪🏽
The people paying to watch this fight got robbed there the real losers.. end of the day is it really that deep. It was pretty close both guys looked terrible in there and win lose or draw ksi still waking up tommorow rich. It's not like he's one of these guys in boxing who have been shafted on the score cards in blatant Robberies so they've lost the chance to have bigger fights and earn alot more money for their families like we've seen so many times in boxing maxi hughes for example the other month against George kambosos in America. It's KSI Vs Tommy fury in misfits boxing so isit really worth being outraged like some people are.
Lets be honest tommy is a beginner at pro boxing, we arent talking about Canello or any top boxers, even the likes of eubank jnr would wipe the floor with the pair of them, no disrespect to eubank but tommy is an exhibition fighter thats put a toe in the pro's but knows he'd get wiped out against a top boxer. He's doing good though at earning a wage, just needs to admit he's in it for the cash because he cant cut it as a pro
It was a close fight. Again no robbery. No one really impressed. Just because KSI did better than Jake Paul doesn’t mean he won. Just because KSI did really well against a “pro boxer” doesn’t mean he won. KSI has the platform. Go fight someone at a better level than Tommy Fury and keep it moving. People will still waste their money watching these types of fights so keep it moving.
Absolutely waste of people’s money and time stop buying these bum fights
Vidal the only win who isn’t dick riding ksi
if KSI goes bad on viddal, we'll know he's truly lost
The only thing I would pay for is KSI vs Jake Paul, fuck the rematch.
viddal should  fight tommy and rinse him lol
How could it possibly be a draw? With the point deduction, clearly nobody had a 10-8 round (pre point deduction) so it's mathematically impossible for this to have been a draw. The judge who did score a draw can't do basic addition and added up his scorecard wrong...
KSI jumped around doing jumping jacks for 6 rounds....how was it a draw LOL delusional, saying this man is real an hes just sticking up for his boy. 😂 Viddal a clown man is literally being a hater an people acting like hes being unbias.
Just admit it jjj was awful in that ring Tommy was horrified like he said the guy was hugging him the whole time wtf was he supposed to fo
He’s right ain’t no way a robbery and atleast this man ain’t dancing around in the fucken ring JJ acted like he was in tap class and Tommy is way the fuck above all of them so stfu
it cant be a draw mathmatically
Should ov been a draw 😴🤐
For somoeone that is supposed to be KSI's friend, he seems to be always harsh on him. Saying it's a draw and before the fight saying JJ needs a miracle and he didn'y even give props to JJ he just said he is surprised tommy on "these guys" level...
now viddal vs fury
Viddal🐐
And if any one has anything to say they can fight him lol.
Who the hell would pay for Ksi vs Tommy Fury rematch 🤣
this is another youtuber bum boxer
If ksi had somehow won that, it would be fucking embarrassing, the guy just kept hugging the entire fucking fight, it was not enjoyable to watch at all.
Exactly lol
Finally!!! The voice of reason has spoken. It shouldve been a draw lmfao 😂
Imagine Viddal vs Tommy😂😂😂
I dont know how Tommy didnt dominate ksi. Ksi improved very little since his last fight, all he did was hug and haymakers. Tommy underperformed massivly imo.
99% hug 1% boxing
ayo can someone explain whats with that style of boxing ksi does jumping 2 steps far
Keeping it “real” nah he don’t he literally said in video how ksi hits harder than Jake but ain’t felt jakes punches he’s defending his boy which is right but these ain’t facts weren’t a draw ksi was doing jumping jacks in there not engaging in the fight trying to do the same stuff over and over again then hugging man like come one
I just KNEW ksi would be a sore loser. His ego is too big. He needed humbling but unfortunately he remains deluded and all his yes-men will keep him that way.
sorry but how can you say without laughing that tommy if on ksi's level when ksi was hugging him the whole time?
If the ref actually did an decent job, ksi wouldve taken a fall in round 4. JJ was launching himself for a 20second hug everytime. The ref lets them hug for 20 sec and than gives 5 seconds to seperate them cmon we watched 2 grown men hug for 20 min.
Viddal Riley VS Tommy Fury needs to happen 😅 Viddal would drop him in two
It’s so true Tommy for a professional boxer is not good.
Run that turd back!!! LOL! I think not!!!
id love to see vidal vs tommy
The viewers are the ones that got robbed. Terrible fights
Viddal lowkey dissing Tommy Fury
Viddal actually bringing up what should be the main subject here.... Tommy the "professional" fighter is being on the same level as a youtube boxer... Its actually embarrassing lmao. Tommy is a shit fighter, no matter what yall say he has never proven himself as a actual fighter. Between Fury name and Love Island that's what he is known for. I dont understand where anyone got the idea from that this guy is a good fighter in any way. He struggled against Jake. He struggled against KSI and fought dirty throughout the fight. Respect to Viddal for not beating round the bush everything he said here is true.
Ksi won first two rounds, Fury won the other 4. Correct decision
Ksi could get ko and fanboys would still say robbery
What was weird was they werent allowed to swear because kids are watching but they advertised onlyfans everywhere.....
Ngl i love ksi but i do wish tommy fury would knock his ass out...just to humble that guy back to his sense. But oh well 🤣
Jj kept hugging literally the whole time
Real
This is spot on. Tommy has found his level
It was like watching year 7s try to fight. Nvrmind the bs
Agreed Tommy acted like he was way above the “YouTubers” level but it seems he’s a lot closer than he thought to their level
Now put them against REAL boxers!!! Tommy isn’t that great of a boxer and Dillion is a grappler!!!!
viddal vs tommy lets go
someone teach ksi how to throw a fucking jab and box
ksi won the hugging match
Ksi definitely hit tommy in the head in a 1nd round clinch.      Boxing sucks when people clinch
They should make a new sport call it "Scrap Boxing" because that's what it is, nothing technical here. Tommy still young and has a lot to prove, but to say you surprised is strange - its not boxing, its let KSI throw some hay makers then hug>repeat. Ref should have taken a point off KSI's  for his hit and hug round 2 then we would have got a better boxing fight.
Tommy says he is head of the table now that's a special ed ass table with him the Paul brothers and ksi and  Dannis
Such a real person, exactly how I felt, undercard was great, main events were shite. Real disappointed. Just shows money makes children not men.
Honest guy love him no hype
Tommy has one of the boxers of all time in his corner and he just got clinched over and over. I think Viddal is right.
Wish they would've fought more than just hugging the whole time.
Predicted it would go like this, KSI catches Tommy with a few overhands in the first two rounds, but Tommy firms it and dictates the fight from then on. Shock, a few power punches aren’t good enough to win when it goes to decision. Tommy was the aggressor and pushed the pace. Everyone was hyping KSI’s otherworldly power, but when it came to a real pro boxer, KSI had nothing else to count on. Fair play to KSI tho, he made it difficult.
Exactly fam anyone with eyes would say it was a draw. Tommy had no idea what to do in there despite being the “Professional”.
Viddal Riley > Idris Virgo > Tommy Fury > KSI > Jake Paul > Logan Paul
those where dissapointing fights ... people should have been paid to spend their time to even watch those fights wtf.
Ksi only wins 2 rounds everyone thinks it’s a robbery 😂
This guy is so matured
Tommy doesn’t want the smoke with viddal
Of course this guy the only real boxer from their side is the only real one, KSI embarassed himself with how he acted after the fight, Tyson won 4 rounds he got that bs point deduction from KSI turning away from his punches(which doesn't count as a back of the head strike for the thrower in a real boxing match) which made him draw one of those rounds but even then tommy won 3 rounds to ksi's two, Fury didnt look great but he definately won that fight anyone who says he didnt is just sore losers
He’s not wrong tommy should have annihilated jake and ksi, you shouldn’t have even gone to points
Tommy needs to fight Viddal next, get knocked out and retire
Tommy ain't a real pro boxer
tommy should be able to clean these youtube boxers yet he can't  as a pro he is really bad
No way Tommy should be talking about being a professional boxer above this level. He's been made to look like a novice by two novices. And I like the Furys.
100% agree
About the only real view from ksi side . He’s bang on no way was ksi “ robbed “ . The YouTube community seems shocked Tommy never has been a good boxer
KSI won the cuddling championship
bro is speaking facts doe tommy was all about real fighter and in both fights with jake and jj he almost got the win
It was a close fight but a fair win for Tommy.  Obviously cannot be a robbery if it's almost universally agreed that it was close.  Disappointing that it was so close for Tommy, and quite embarrassing in a way.   But he won, and won against Jake Paul, he's proven the better fighter out of this lot and that's what he needed to do at the very least, even if he was disappointingly not that much better than KSI in this fight.  KSI honestly, should be proud of himself that he was able to make this fight so close. Shouting robbery is pretty stupid, but while greatly disappointing for him, it's actually a surprisingly positive result in the eyes of most people - he proved to be way better than expected.  Still, objectively speaking, KSI was bad, Tommy bested him, but Tommy was pretty bad too for what level he should be at to even make this a close fight.
Tommy won four rounds ksi won two with the point deduction made it a lot closer. Ksi is a jumping jack with a low left jab to know where and a clumsy over hand right that does nothing. End of the day was a hug fest and shit fight.
Bro Vidal is right on it all
Boring fight. Ksi came for a hug festival. No one wants to see a rematch of this
Draw is fair
I love that he's friends with KSI but still gave us the real tea here no bias
KSI won that and I actually don't even think it was close when you include the point deduction. The best anyone objective could give Tommy would be 3 rounds, the idea he won any of the others, rather than KSI or 10/10s, is sheer fantasy. Apart from that KSI was busier and landed more punches. Cannot help feeling this was boxing closing ranks and giving the decision to the pro.
The realist on YouTube, I always trust this man, it really would be a shit match to judge, instead of who one the round you’re trying to work out who was worse really. All I saw was how elated tommy was to have won, that’s how you know he’s only at this level, not the level he claims he is
I agree viddal 100%
Realness
Tommy isn't even close to the same level as ksi, Tommy wasn't even boxing properly it was all for show
Viddal should destroy a youtuber just to show the levels
Viddal, Tommy was dragged down to that level by KSI. The problem was, KSI did not want to box and trade, he wanted to hold and spoil the fight. If they boxed the way Jake and Tommy did, KSI would of been knocked out.
KSI WAS ROBBED TONY IS MEANT TO BE A PROFESSIONAL BOXER HE'S A COMPLETE JOKE AND SHOULD STAY TO REALITY TV
videl really aint a friends of ksi,you can tell his ego was hurt when ksi left him for shits. such a sore person
It means Tommy don’t know what traditional means that’s all that is 😂
I wish Viddal all the greatest success but please don't encourage this shit.
Viddal wud beat tommy easily 🤣
KSI was awful, he bounced, threw a overhand right and when he missed he would force the clinch... rinse and repeat. I certainly expected a better performance from Tommy, he definitely won but it wasn't the comfortable schooling victory I was expecting to see but then again I don't know how you're supposed to put combinations together, work the jab and control the fight in a meaningful way when all the other fighter keeps doing is hugging you 🤷‍♂️  While frustrating to watch, it must have been even more frustrating for Tommy in the ring, I'll give Jake Paul his credit, when he fought Tommy, he came to fight, not hug.  Best man won, well done Tommy 👏.
Only thing I know for certain. Viddal is leagues above Tommy.
i hear every1 saying they are just youtubers like on jake paul and ksi . Bro they still can hold against Floyed or Tommy and dont get down . I mean if you train some years professionaly then u are a Boxer doesnt matter what you are doing on the other hand .. They alos got intense Teams and insane trainers too.
Logan’s was the worst fight. Slims was the best.
This entire genre is trash.   Looks like I still can anyway.
Tommy is so bad
Viddal hating on KSI, if he not careful KSI will knock him out in the ring. He just want a payday against Tommy. He hating on KSi, if i was KSI I'll call him out
Vidal could of easily took ksi side and screamed robbery but he kept it honest . Fair play
This man is as real as it gets. Close fight but no way it's a robbery. Could go both ways.
The only people getting robbed were the people who paid for this shyte
KSI did not come to fight. The Jake Paul fight was better because Jake actually came to fight. KSI just runs away and grabs hes horrible to watch
A rematch in London with a better referee is worth seeing but not PPV
Yup, Misfits is Tommy's level... he wont ever do better outside and be a world champ. he must be happy with the misfits paychecks
KSI held on too Tommy for dear life.. He's best leaving the boxing behind
I also thought it was a Draw. I’m glad Tommy won to humble KSI’s ego. I use to like KSI and was a fan of him but now I think his ego has gotten the best of him. But if you’re saying KSI should’ve won than Jake Paul should’ve won his fight against Tommy because at least Jake did damage to Tommy and knocked Tommy down. I don’t even like Jake Paul but he put up more of a fight against Tommy than KSI did.
robbery for jj jj won 4/6 round to me
Clear draw
The entire fight was shit, because of KSI's inability to box. I swear there's a large population of deluded idiots. The entire fight was based on KSI throwing his one hit wonders with no effect, and mixing it up with, basically, well over plenty, clinching.
To everyone saying Ksi won, re-watch the fight on mute. Who initiated 85% of the clinches?   It was KSI.   As soon as Tommy would land KSI would start hugging. KSI did not come to box.  This is exactly how Logan Paul vs KSI played out in either the first or second match, I can’t recall exactly. Logan would constantly hug KSI as soon as KSI would land. People called him out for it and now KSI deserves to be called out for this as well. As far as boxing goes, Tommy did much better. I doubt the appeal will change the outcome.
Ksi fans really are pathetic and show 0 real boxing knowledge. Only reason it was close was because your boy was hugging it the entire fight. He is no real fighter and will never be one
People who paid hard earned cash to watch it can comlalin.
One thing is certain - Tommy ain’t want no smoke with Viddal😂
I thought KSI won or a draw, but with the way both guys fought I can't really be mad at the outcome. Both very passive strategies and just continuously cancelling each other before anything gets going, tbh the ref sorta did a crappy job at separating them in the clinch exchanges. It's like getting mad at who won the decision of Izzy/Yoel.  Viddal speaks facts tho, Fury having that close of a fight like that against KSI is embarrassing for a guy at his level. That being said he's making bank of beating youtubers and now he has two more big money rematches waiting for him, can't diss the hustle.  IMO screw Tommy, do the fight everyone wants to see. Paul/KSI next summer.
What an absolute 💩show ! 🙄🤦🏽‍♂️
You might not be aware but your intro is LOUD AS FUCK
Well done man, keep to you. Ksi lost due to wanting to hug.  What Vidal was saying at the beginning is he would do what a real boxer would have done to each of them. Amature boxing at best nut entertainment kinda.   I think this man would school any of them probably just sidestep and right-hook them all day. Then sleep them with a side step fade uppercut. Simple.   Best of luck in your fighting
Tommy won round 2 all the way to 6 simple as
Tommy won by 1 point against a youtuber having all the advantage, more weight, more mass, more reach, everything. Terrible boxer lmao
Have to agree
Finally someone who's speaking facts.
The fairest assessment I've seen. But I don't know how any real boxer is supposed to look good against ksi tbh. He doesn't box 😂
Ksi needed humbling after hugging the whole fight. What an embarrassment of a fight.
Look if ksi came out fighting like a boxer he would of been knocked out in the first round,the way ksi was bouncing about would put any professional boxer of their game he is a complete joke it wasn't close tommy was the aggressor from start to finish,and for any professional boxer to say tommy is at the same level as these Youtubers is a joke,if they got in the ring with ksi they would have the same problem fact,ksi avoided any real boxing bouncing about like a maniac and jumping in with a over hand right just doesn't work,now the fight was shit and that was all ksi'S fault,it wasn't close tommy actually won easily
Welp, someone who knows boxing and witnessed the fight, said it's not a robbery. These fans who sat a home watching and saying it's a robbery maybe knows more about boxing than Riley 🤷🏽‍♂️😂
Tommy won by two points not one 😂😂😂😂 MAJORITY , TWO judges gave it to Tommy , the other gave it a draw . Ksi cheated and grabbed the whole fight , embarrassing.
I like how viddal said that😂 I’m just surprised at how Tommys the same level as these guys. Yeah he’s like you know he’s not on my level.
All kis did was hug
Tommy definitely looked like he won to me
It was a draw no one won
There you go, exactly my thought, close fight, run it back early next year or do KSI vs Jake and the winner gets a rematch with Tommy.
Why is everyone saying Ksi isn’t a fighter? All week he’s been saying he’s an actual genuine fighter. Not a YouTuber. Suddenly he’s beat and he’s a YouTuber. No you’ve claimed your a pro legitimate fighter all week with the media. Said your going to KO Tommy all week and haven’t. You need to own your shit and realise you aren’t as good as you made out.
Viddal gain everyone respect
he aint a yes men
It's not even boxing. Hug fest
Ksi boxed Joe weller almost 6 years ago so he’s been doing this for enough time, if you look at old videos of Tommy from 6 years ago (when he was only 18) you’d be able to see he could barely throw a punch so in terms of experience there really isn’t that much of a difference
Omg the judge who scored it a draw actually had it as 57-56 for tommy but he did the math wrong and put 57-57 it should’ve actually been a unanimous decision to tommy 🤣
My man have no bias. Thats Viddal the G
Pro boxing fans wouldn’t watch this pish. The Fury’s are just in it for the money now.
He was just impressed on how ass tommy is😂
Like Viddal said, there should be  no conversation about Tommy and these influencers. And that is crazy that they are so close when fighting
Viddal the only geeze who can talk to ksi without being completely deluded
sure it wasnt a robbery but ksi should have squeaked a victory.
Ksi won an was robbed its actually shocking Tommy couldn't get close until ksi moved in hitting him with a big right hand then they would clinch Tommy never got a punch in
didn't Fury beat Jake by 4 points
Viddal beats tommy after tommy's performance
Well honestly, this makes KSI vs Jake more even I guess ?
Viddal speaking truthfully without  bias to say he thought the fight was a draw and not claim that KSI was ‘robbed.’
It was a draw. Neither fighter deserved a win.
Deen n walid was deff fight of the night
Rematch but no more of this amateur 6 round shit, and no more refs on KSI's side allowing him to constantly clinch the entire fight. I want to a boxing fight, not a clinching fight. In that fight, Tommy Fury knocks KSI out.
Vidal fight Jake and kill this
Tommy is making 50x much more money than Vidal that’s just facts.
i think a draw was a very fair results
Give tommy 12 rounds and you would see the diffrence. Everyone can jump around and hug in the ring for 4-6 rounds...
Funniest shit when you see Tommy is ranked higher than Vidal.. Like what the actual fuck.. But Vidal would soon be world champion
KSI wasn't boxing, he didn't deserve to win. He basically did exactly the same thing Danis did. Confuse the boxer by using techniques from other styles. Just embarrassing.
Finally someone on ksi side thats not biased fair play vidal
KSI and Jake should fight for the rematch and it should have been 8 rounds
I’ve been critical of Viddal over the years but everything he’s saying here is pretty much on point,  the whole event was a shit show and I’m really hoping this whole YouTuber movement starts dying a death now and we can get back to some sort of sanity in boxing.
Real guy 💯💯💯
Tommy fury was 4/1 going into the last round with bookies. He lost that fight
The Rilist 🫡
And that's why he's the realist.
Viddal is always keeping it real, genuine guy. Really looking forward to seeing more to seeing more from him, he can reach the top, can't wait to see it.
Either a draw or win for KSI, it 100% wasn’t a win for Tommy
It was a draw at max
Tommy was the bigger, longer, heavier, more experienced fighter in there yet in most peoples eyes he lost the fight. It was a draw with a point deduction to Tommy Fury.  KSI should be proud he impressed by using his gameplan to neutralize Tommy's offense, the issue is his offensive output was lackluster, but then Tommy's was non-existent.
😂😂😂 MAIN AND CO MAIN EVENT WERE TRASH, FACTS
next up vidal vs tommy
One of the few people with an unbiased take, bro just keeps it real.
Tommy won 4 rounds, Ksi won 1 round and they drew 1.  Ksi was looking for a right hand and cuddle all night. You don't win rounds by a 10 second burst it's 3minutes for a reason
we want viddal vs fury now
Not in a million years would i expect Logan to look more professional than Tommy yesterday. Logan actually was doing tons of combinations all 6 rounds, yet Tommy tried 1 jab and a cross almost everytime that never connected properly. Tommy won but i am still in shock it was this close, Tommy should have won easily.
After this fight it confirmed to me that Tommy is not a real pro
Tommy Fury should be disappointed he didn’t display any boxing and so far he has shown he can’t put fighters away
Tommy should never rematch KSI, KSI doesn't box, he's annoying and not in a because he's a good boxer way but because he's just really bloody annoying.
He making more money here than he would in traditional boxing, speaking like fury cowards that doesn't like to fight.This is Tommy's level. He is not about that life.
So if jj got beat by one point and jake got beat by one point, doesn't that mean jj and jake are at the same level?
tommy fumbles
Ksi was running all time,we need to see 12 rounds to see is he can run enought.
I can complain. Got pink eye from watching all this shit.
Forget the rematches, Tommy goes back to real boxing, Keep the misfits thing going.
THIS IS 100*% how most ppl feel, and dude aint wrong !
Absolute shit show, Tommy didn't do enough, KSI did nothing, Logan looked shattered by the second round against a guy with one knee cap and 0-0 in boxing.
How can it be a robbery when KSI only threw overhand right and miss then grab 😂 Pure boxing Tommy controlled the fight, landed the better shots, his selection was far superior to KSIs, frustrating and lacklustre to watch, both men should stop the bullshit now and KSI shouldn’t box again he obviously couldn’t work or stick to a plan against a low level pro, also complaining about back of the head shots when you’re dipping your head every time you clinch, it was as if they were looking for points to be deducted as that would be the only way he would win. Tommy as the boxer has so much to work on if he wants to pursue this as a real career as he would be lit up by real competition. Also the ref was dog water he should’ve spilt them up a lot sooner
Can you give a L to both? Just for losing everyones time
"No one can complain" - everyone should complain. That was not a boxing match KSI came for... both boxers should not be proud. Expected more from Tommy too. Judges gave it to the only one they could give it to.
Without the point yeah no robbery but with the point it is
I obviously wanna see ksi vs jake, but to be fair, I want ksi to get his revenge. Ksi has fully adopted the MVP style, which is clearly superior to Tommy's traditional boxing style. Tommy was struggling really hard to adapt and if KSI only had the technique behind his punches, I think he could outbox the boxer.
Safe to say it’s blatantly obvious Tommy would lose to Viddal now. This really does seem to be Tommy’s level.
Yeah I think it was clear it was a 3 a piece fight JJ 1,2,6 and Tommy 3,4,5 and with the point deduction 57-56 JJ win
this fight was shit
Fact. It was a draw.
It was a close fight, could've gone either way
Viddal is the true boxer imagine if he fights tommy fury 😂
The free boxing matches were actually more entertaining than the PAID MAIN EVENT, Mental so dissappointed glad i didnt waste £20 LOL
Tommy said he would end the YouTube boxing scene and move on. Now he's saying he'll have any of the Paul's. What is he on?
He said he's done with crossover boxing then called out any of the Paul's 😂😂
Shut up viddell everyone is complaining this was trash unwatchable
100% real. Tommy is celebrating like he’s won the World Cup after being a professional fighter for years and only winning by a point against amateur boxers. It’s like a 15 year old beating his chest and showing off his guns because he beat up a 10 year old, maybe not the best example but you get the comparison. In general, yt boxing has given the sport a lot more attention among the internet and generated a lot of revenue, but at the same time you have threads and comments section filled with teenagers and kids who think they know some shit because they blindly follow their favourite influencers. It was a disappointing fight, not really living up to the hype and I think both men could do a LOT better in a rematch next year. The crux is this though, professional boxing and yt boxing should remain SEPARATE!
No one can complain, except for the people that paid to see a fight and got ripped off
There were a total of zero boxers on this card! 1+1+1+1 = 0
FACTS
On the scorecard one of the refs said jj lost the second round. Robbed of a draw
Absolute shambles and embarrassing to even call it boxing. Anyone giving money to known scammers to watch that joke need a long hard look in the mirror.
If they have a rematch KSI will lose easily, cuz Tommy knows KSI's fighting style and his 6 moves that he does, and if JJ switches to a more normal stance Tommy will be the better boxer. I think it's best for KSI to cry more and say he got robbed and stop the boxing other wise he will clearly lose his next fight
its time they stopped allowing a pro boxer take on youtubers.its ruining the format..ksi should accept he won the moral arguement and fight despite being robbed and go into a fight with conor mcgregor..stuff giving the fighting fake another pay day..if fury is allowed back then you will lose fans and this will slowly bring the whole misfits party to an end.
6 round fights says it all. Charging people to watch 6 rounds in the co and main even is a joke.
Viddal would cream bummy fury
Facts 💯 Tommy aint no real boxer neither😂😂😂
Finally someone who’s not whining. I don’t care if JJ lost or won that fight, what he did after the fight only shows lack of sportsmanship and discipline which I thought he had lots of. He should’ve just let it happen and after the match appeal it. But whining to the man who beat him is only comparable to a 7 years old crying cuz he lost to his older brother in FIFA
Respect to Viddal.  Its his good mate and you wouldn't blame him for being biased but he kept it real.  Judges scores was spot on, best KSI could have got was a draw.
Lowkey Viddal would kill Tommy in the ring
I honestly thought it was draw
I’m surprised considering it’s KSI’s promotion that they wouldn’t edge it to him
bro keeps it real.
As someone who was watching KSI for so long. I thought he lost 4 rounds. He got gassed out in the first 2 then hugged for 4 rounds. It was that 1 point deduction that could have made it a draw. But it is what it is.
First and last time watching misfits. Terrible fight, but tommy won round 3,4,5 and 6. Even with the point deduction, we wins by a point. Ksi was initiating most of the clinches but Tommy didn't have the skill to prevent that. Taking the point so early on was also soft , think the ref done it because ksi complained so much.
Atleast tommy worked forward cant believe JJs game plan was star jumps, dive forward for a hug he clinched 49 times in a 6 round fight after all his videos on  his now world class boxing skills and gas tank he looked fucked after round two too much bouncing about
Bro Anthony Taylor had better performance against Tommy than Ksi did lol
Idk if Vidal is with KSI less than when he was coaching him, but I feel like KSI would personally and mentally really benefit from being with Vidal more.
Tommy post fight "I'm done with the bullshit" also Tommy "If anyone of the Paul's want to get it they can"
Viddal keeps it real
Ksi is just a bad boxer😂 .. I've never seen someone do the exact same thing for 6 rounds straight..
Someone doesn't know how to do math. How could it be a draw when it was a 6 round fight with 1 point deduction?
didnt bro say that ksi was gonna knock him out last 2 rounds mid fight smh
We have a pro goalie🥳💥: https://youtu.be/qUOADo8dDLs?feature=shared
Hes not wrong. Regardless of the outcome, tommy isnt as good as he thinks.   Fyi. KSI is shit and cant box lol
Tommy is not on level of Vidal..and it showed in the match.  He should start working on his skills
I think Vidal is right - how can Tommy Fury be considered a professional
I got it 2-4 ksi maybe ksi 1 round 2 a 9/9 round then 3-6 furry
Tommy's next fight against Vidal, that would be entertainment 🤔.
Tommy Vs viddal gonna be fire ngl , viddal gonna smoke him easy but tommy got his hype now , gonna be intresting
Tbf Ksi calling robbery was probably fueled by his coaches and his perspective on the fight. But I thought it was a draw tbf but this result is embarrassing for tommy. He can’t expect to win a real world title when he only wins a 1 point decision over Ksi who’s performance was hard to watch. Tommy never adjusted to ksis style, even though ksi throws the same punch and then hugs every single time. Idk how Tommy couldn’t outwit and dismantle Ksi. Both performances were horror I don’t think it justifies a rematch  as the fight was god awful to watch.
Lol if u hug the entire fight and not box, you can easily get a draw even if you're clearly not the better fighter
FACTS
Facts
I’m sorry, who is this? 😂 I’m not sure he could beat Jake or Tommy either in fairness. But time will tell…
In other words… he’s surprised how bad Tommy sucks. lol
Finally someone keeping it real
Viddal grows on me, more and more, great assessment... Keeps his emotions in check
Viddal is 100 percent correct Tommy can talk all he wants about being a real boxer but he’s not he’s been boxing his whole life KSI and Jake started what 5 years ago at the end of the day win or lose these fights were L’s for Tommy.
Finally someone with the same opinion. No one can complain with performances like that. LSI is TRASH AND TOMMY IS TO, they ALL ARE
Viddal is the only one who told it exactly how it was. Drawl at best, no robbery
Tommy fury officially king of the YouTubers
Ksi overhand right was his only weapon and he telegraphed it so much and it was so predictable and Tommy caught on to it really quick and once he took that away from ksi. Ksi decided to hug.
I hope people didn't pay for these fights.
I cant sit here and say tommy won that fight i dont even rate ksi... but that was a draw if not ksi edged it. But tommy only proved he is not a fury.... pathetic attempt for "a fighting man"
Tbh I thought it was a draw as well.
I think people should be reminded that Tommy  for how  much time he spent boxing should be competing with people like vidal yet he barely beat 2 youtubers which shows how much he actually sucks as a pro
KSI does not know how to fight, techniqe of hug thats all... boring stuff.
Viddal is a real one man, I don’t know him but respect hes logical and smart keeping it unbiased. If he thinks it was a draw then you count the point deduction then Ksi wins. So in the end it’s not a blatant robbery but it’s not the right decision
Viddal keepin it REAL. KSI needs a chat w him soon - someone needs to put him in check
Viddal go back to jj bro plz he needs help
I think the fight was a draw. But given the point deduction if it does go one way it should of gone to KSI, it was 3-3.
Viddal would put Tommy out
Viddal would smoke Tommy Fury
I already said it long time ago that timmy fumbles is a youtube boxer.  Why else did jake paul choose to fight him?  He saw that he had pillow fists and he had a world champion brother, thats it.  His 5 mins of fame is about to expire
Lets put it into context then. Taylor vs catterall was daylight robbery and this "fight" was not even remotely close in terms of a shocking decision ! Both fighters were poor and the thing that went against Ksi was the fact that he kept holding and hugging tommy every five seconds . That's the reason why he lost it ,it's extremely simple 🎉
Imagine paying to watch these rubbish fights 😂😂
Glad I didn't watch it , both aren't true boxers.
Yeah I don't understand how he's ranked lower than Tommy Fury when in reality Viddal will destroy Fury with ease it's not even close.
Just give it a rest. TOMMY WAS BETTER.
Tommy isn't the same level as KSI, he's above him. KSI literally has the same technique as Anthony Taylor, make it messy and hope you catch them off guard with unorthodox swinging and win off their confusion. It worked/works too, this fight was insanely close because KSI fought like a dumbass then hugged non stop making it almost impossible to score, I can't even blame the judges for siding with a Tommy win, he looked better. I thought it was about to be a draw because of how KSI fights, but I think too many people thought the point deduction was a 10-8 round, it was a 10-9 because it was a dead even round like most felt until the point deduction gave it to KSI for free.
Tyson Fury is a low level boxer. That said, what KSI doesn't shouldn't even be called boxing. Dude start Jumps and has a karate stances he avoids any engagement except when he wants to lunge in and thrown a wild over hand. Only think that surprised me was his clinch work but KSI was grabbing and clinching too much. He made this fighter unbearable to watch. Jake Paul did way better and it was a much more enjoyable fight because atleast Jake Paul stood in the middle and went toe to toe and fought like a boxer. KSI is joke man !
All KSI did was do star jumps and clinch the whole fight. Tommy deserved the win
If jj didnt have that absurd stance guarantee he would've gotten peaced up more
Finally someone with common sense 👏🏼
Fair play to Viddal. He didn't sugarcoat it like KSI's friends did.
Ksi would make anyone look terrible - especially in 6 rounds. 10-12 would give a boxer more time to work around his chaotic dance, swing, hug style. Fury was starting to time his punches and was catching ksi as he lunged in towards the end, but ran out of time. Regardless, ksi has no right being in a boxing ring.
It’s only because ksi is his “friend” that those kind words are said there is no place for these events in this world! Men aren’t men like the used to be
To main events was terrible Tommy fury in no champion box all terrible sorry just my opinion
JJ needs to have Viddal in his camp again and not these new asslickers that Logan brought in.
1:12 keeping it real right there
No one in their right mind wants to see the rematch haha. I don't want to see Ksi or Tommy in the ring again ever. That was a disgrace, they should be ashamed of their performance
I think JJ and Jake should finally havr their fight to see who is the real king of YouTube boxing and Tommy should go on to fight "pro" boxers while he is still ahead and can leave the YouTube boxing world as the king of it. I also think at best it could have been a draw, but never a win for JJ. It is time to swallow your ego and everyone go their way, JJ to settel the score with Jake and Tommy to jjst not deal with semipro boxers as he wants to be a serious pro.
Vidal keeps its real even tho jj is his freind he remains non biast god guy proper boxer
Every paying fan who’s was robbed paying for that garbage can complain. Should they? No they should’ve known they’d get exactly what they paid for.
Tommy Fury gonna be a billionaire after all these rematches 😂😂😂
I see why AJ and KSI are friends because they both act like a baby when they lose
Vidal just happy jj not ranked higher then him 😂😂😂
Ksi was hugging all the way through fight rubbish boxer
this is why you don't watch shit YouTubers box
Best take by far
KSI crying like a B at the end complaining he didn’t win when all he did was grab and hold the entire fight what a waste of time watching feel sorry for who ever bought this garbage fight
Vidal Riley Vs Tommy Fury next!! Fury would get smoked
Either these influencers are that good or Tommy just isn't that great. Imagine fighting your whole life and then getting close decision wins over Youtubers who have been fighting for 3 years.
This man never fails to keep it real. I hope he keeps it up, I want to keep respecting him.
Always humble man love viddal
Its robbery because Tommy didnt get points deducted for all those times he hit JJ in the back of the head.
Correct me if Im wrong but I recall fury saying KSI is easy money fight and he is a pro at this sport. To me he reacted as if he won by a miracle. At least show a bit of composure and fortitude. We are talking about a guy who trained boxing all his life whilst KSI trained for approximately 4 years. And I expected a lot from Fury in this fight.
Vidal speaks like he's walked the earth for for 200 years, true wiseman
thankfully someone can keep it a real besides all the clowns online saying it was rigged.
non bias opinion i think KSI beats Jake Paul
Ksi was robbed, he landed more
Tommy needs a new trainer, he is not evolving and becoming better.
can always count on viddal to keep it real
They’re both so bad
Tommy better avoid this man, he'll get 🚬
He ja right, the fact that Tommy barely beats youtube boxers shows that YouTube boxing IS his level.
KSI hugging almost 100% of the fight "He got robbed"
He’s right fans like to call anything a robbery. The fact that people are even mentioning a draw means it was too close to be called a robbery.
Run it back over 12 rounds
Just except ksi didn't win..tommy played at the same level as ksi..so there's no point trying to justify things..tommy needs to just stop listing to youtubers as they have no clue in the business..tommy won fair and square..😊
Stick to love island
Ksi L
viddal v tommy, book it
Overhand right, hug. That is all KSI did the entire 6 rounds. Both were terrible but KSI didn't push the pace once, Tommy was more aggressive and that is why he got the nod. What the actual f**k was KSI's stance all about anyway? that was embarrassing, pretty much the way I stood in front of the mirror after watching Rocky at 10 years old, someone had better tell him not to venture too far past Tommy's level or he will get shadow realmed.
Ksi and Jake should both be proud of themselves.
KSI LOST 😂😂 he should stick to selling fruit Shoot drinks 😂😂😂
I think you’ll find the fans who paid to sit in that venue were robbed
Tommy is str8 doo doo water.   His family knows he’s doo doo water as well.   He should now move on and fight Logan’s trash ahh next to get that last bag.   After that, there’s no one left honestly, unless it’s a rematch with either KSI or Jake.   Bottom line is, they’re all garbage
It was hugging from KSI more
Knowledge Strength Integrity Lost to TNT.
Tyson furys brother is at this level and close around this level with youtubers is mad
People from KSI's camp will say he's won. And people from Tommy camp will say he has. At least Viddal knows it's not a robbery, which I appreciate, or at least a draw. But I scored it for Tommy.
I remember seeing comments talking about “Tommy would destroy Vidal”  This guy is a legit professional boxing champion,  Tommy is an influencer boxing “champion”
I went 57-57
Nigga lost
Braah the Girls gave a great fight then the CLOWN MAIN FIGHT BOXING atleast they didnt hugged the entire fight or kept running . ASSSS EVENT total L
Viddal is the only person you can trust to keep it real. It was draw at best but no way a robbery. The biasness is impecable
Just book that KSI vs Jake Paul fight already, should be worth a pretty penny by now right?
Yh Tommy you hear that.
Idk how people can say ksi got robbed
someone speaking straight facts
Those co-mains stunk! 😂
Not sure why Tommy was jumping up and down like he won the world title, bro won by one point against a YouTube boxer who uses the same overhand right over and over again. No wonder he keeps ducking Viddal.
Tommy has the body and strength to be a great boxer but I just feel like he gets nervous in the ring. KSI didnt box he went in to brawl and hug once he saw Tommy swinging.
Viddal would put Tommy to sleep lol
Tommy Fury King of the YouTube boxers! 😅
Jake fights real fighters, Lost to a boxer that boxes. ksi has done nothing to prepare for this. can not box and if you cant fight against a boxer just stop.
It’s funny how the world works even the people who been with jj for so long are not backing him , I have no hate towards videl but he should support JJ but he’s isn’t and I think people who are saying that it wasn’t a robbery should get their eyesight check , I can accept a draw but this not at all acceptable .
Well said. It was a horrible fight proves ksi is ass and tommy still can’t deliver. Tommy does show some level of skill, Ksi is just crap wouldn’t even refer to him as a boxer.
1:30 think he said hes not fighting in the crossover, pretty sure he meant he is going back to traditional. He knows he might lose to jake or jj in the rematch
Ksi didn't land single clean shot, only hugging and running, zero boxing skills. Tommy won 4-2, no doubt.
AGREE co and main were bad, Slim/Papi & Deen/Walid   were awsome
I think Viddal is calling it a draw because he didn't know the point was taken away. A draw is not possible because Tommy get deducted a point makes it an odd number of rounds.
Viddal Would Kill tommy LOL
the Hate JJ recieves is insane its like no one can believe in them selves these days just Pathetic cant stand Internet thugs they would never step in the ring or even keep the same energy in real life tommy should be Embarrased KSI did way better than jake
The whole thing was a joke absolute joke embarrassing for boxing bringing boxing down to the circus level shame on the Likes of Eddy Hearn bringing this bullshit to our shores I’m only glad I didn’t pay to watch that crap
