Yeehay Rittenhouse was found not guilty.
Well good luck to the Rabbit that had the gun today. Safe travels to wherever your final destination is son, if any. Nothing good comes of violence like this. Every dog will have their day, but God!
Ok I totally agree that it was self defense but that little fucker was instigating tho u can see it in the video before the shooting and what if it was black guys with guns protecting their houses or business I bet u that they wouldn't allow them to they would of told them to stop and go inside
They deserve it, I'm waiting for a real man to go in a protest and blow em up haha
I'm glad people are defending the kid. Shame these guy's for calling themselves journalists, they leave out parts to make tje kid look like a monster yet he was chased with a molotov and even a fucking pistol. Drop the damn first degree murder charge America! you're making me want to stay in Australia.
And so it goes so it goes so it goes  so it goes where it's going no one knows
When Kyle walks past the cops wit his hands up, bro if he was black they would’ve jumped out the window to tackle his ass or worse. 🤦🏽‍♂️💯
Hear is an idea when cops ask u to comply listen till situation calms down and go home with ur kids?
That was self defense. Clearly multiple people attacking and chasing him. This is a straight up lie. This is why you news networks are losing viewers by the thousands...
"PEACEFUL" PROTESTORS GETTING SHOT?? OUTSTANDING NEWS.
3 rioters shot well trying to attack a minor. Seems like an absolute win in my book. Also, one was a pedophile so he doesn't count as a human being.
That blown up burned up car looks so peaceful right now.
I'm not from 63rd
O
Awesome... a daycare! 🙄
JOE BIDEN IS A GLOBAL THREAT TO HUMANITY...   KYLE WAS ASSAULTED, SHOT AT, BEATEN BY ANTIFA OR B.L.MANIACS....SELF DEFENSE BY KYLE...HE DESERVES A MEDAL
We do not have true news in the United States, we have a propaganda machine.
I hope more get killed
Kill protesters
How is everyone defending the shooter here, this is just murder, plain and simple, no excuse, and the man who did it is the kind of sick person that needs to be thrown in jail for a very long time.
Man was shot(in the arm) ......and ran away - He had attempted to shoot Kyle in the head. REPORT FACTS - verified by Videos Self Defense
I want to see the blood of the rioters tearing apart my country spill
True american hero!!! Trump 2020
Every single one of these so called "protesters" that are out there destroying property 🔨 disrupting people's lives & starting fires🔥   Should ALL be ARRESTED & once booked, their fingers should be dipped in permanent ink...  The public will know who they are & what they did, good luck finding a job once they see you filling out that application.📝  And WTF is this fist raised in the air jester all about?✊🏿 I'll tell you, it's a "BLACK POWER" movement & gee, who used to shout & chant "WHITE POWER"?✊🏻  So what should we think about that? Shall we label them Black supremacists?🤔
Weres the hell's angels when we need them
So it took a young boy to do open your eyes. Plus this fake news bullshit
See here the question, no one is asking, why are there teams of people there with automatic weapons, they are there to shot innocent people, they are the race hate groups calling them selves militias, the protectors don't have guns, and the president is siding with the shooter, thats totally wrong he ha killed 2 and wounded one with a automatic weapon, he at 17 has taken 2 people lives which means his life will never be the same ever, and he attend one of trump hate rally campaigns, this is all wrong. IF JUSTICE IS NOT SERVED HERE THE PROTESTERS NEXT TIME WILL ALSO HAVE GUNS, ALL OF THIS GOING ON AT THE SAME TIME COVID 19 IS ILLING AMERICANS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY WITH NO PLAN IN SITE. YOU JUST CAN'T SHOT PEOPLE IKE THAT AND THINKS YOU ARE GOING TO GET AWAY WITH IT.
Poor kid was just protecting himself.
Lmao Jacob Blakes own mother said to stop doing what you are doing "in the name of her son" with these so called "peaceful protests"
Outrageous  the police were there but did not take out an active shooter but arrested  unarmed  protesters?
Please shoot more of those dogs, a beautiful and normal life they don't want? They wanted to distroy the city where they call home , they looting, rob, rape, killing etc   Those dogs need to be hang.
Kid is my hero.  I wanna join the group to wipe out the rioters and BLM thugs !!!
All I can say is, while we're over here arguing and fighting with each other like a bunch of school girls, China and pretty much any other countrys that hate us are having the time of there life's. There sitting back and watching the fireworks.   Who knew that the greatest country in the history of the world would unravel due to a bunch of snowflakes who get offended by everything.   It's truly sad, when pearl harbor happened we stood together United.   When 911 happened we stood up as one and kicked those fucking terrorist back into there tiny caves.   And now we can't even do that because half the country is torn up about a criminals getting shot🤦.
What dose someone yell right after the people were shot ?................"Someone call the POLICE " ! .............OH, now you WANT the police ! What a bunch of nit wits !
If he was black he would have been dead already, but he is white, so they can't find him; or he's under an investigation. In fifty years, when he lived his life and became an old man, the case is finally solved. But because he is so old and (white) , we will give him mercy law bullshit! There is all those loopholes that opens up. It's fucking disgusting 🤢
What the hell is going on in the world today are people fighting and killing each other in the streets  wow hate is spreading like covid 19.
Riots*
No one got killed in all the BLM protests that have been going on for 4 months....until the trump supporters showed up.  He incites violence & his cult obeys. The last time he called upon his cult to protest to open up the states too early...when he learned his power was not "TOTAL" to circumvent the governors authority.....it caused the resurgence of covid & killed thousands. So on the bright side...following trumps advise this time only killed two people .      From Timothy Snyder's book "On Tyranny": "When the men with guns who have always claimed to be against the system start...marching with torches and pictures of a leader, the end is nigh. When the pro-leader paramilitary and the official police and military intermingle, the end has come."       Notice how most FOX sites now don't allow comments? They want their sheep to be quietly indoctrinated & taught their opinion...not to form an opinion of their own.
That kid might have ended this whole nightmare like a hero of time
All the riots are happening only in Democratic-run cities. Trump told all those Mayors he would send in the military if they wanted help, all of them turned him down. In a situation like rioting, it's controlled by the Gov and Mayor of that state, not the President, so it's those states' responsibility to control, not the Presidents
so a guy is beat down by a mob of people , and then he stops being killed by stopping the attack , by attacking them.... and he is arrested , the trick is get a mob and attack people and that is the law ? if you attack people you may die . if you attack cops you may die . if you attack people with guns you may die .... the sad part is this people died cause of them not knowing these things .the kid did nothing wrong .he did not shoot at people not attacking him .
He was just helping
And this is Peaceful protesting Right  Dems ?
I like how you guys cut the video to try to hide the handgun the third guy was holding when he was shot. As he tried to execute a terrified 17 year old on the streets. Shame on you.
That poor car. It didn't have to die like that.
BIDEN + HARRIS = MOBS TRUMP + PENCE = JOBS  DON'T RESIST, DON'T GET SHOT.
he is the hero city deserves, but not the one it needa right now... stay strong kyle!
Well, maybe if people weren’t being stupid and protesting, that wouldn’t have happened
at riots* in Wisconsin
look at the entir video. he had an altercation with the cops, then he tried to get into his vehicle??? with his record, n the fact that he is a woman abuser, i would have done the same thing in the same position!!! stop looking for a reason to steal n destroy...we need President Trump to win so he can take back these democratic cities!
It’s Not a protest. This was a riot. Protesters do not purposely destroy people’s property, Rioting is not peaceful and it’s not a protest. It’s a problem to think these people who are out destroying property are just protesting. Every person has a right to protect themselves and their property. This was justified. Threatening me, my family and my property, this is what will happen. It’s justified. If anything the young man just got rid of a homegrown terrorist. Last thing I heard the guy he killed was a pedophile. If that’s the case then he did society a favor. The Sheriff should resign, He is a coward. Sheriff put that badge down.
This kid wasn't even old enough to own a firearm(1st crime) and he also doesn't even live their locally and lied on camera in an earlier interview that he was a local, but he was not he droved across state line to be there, he put himself in that situation and escalated tension(2nd crime) which resulted in him killing the 1st person(3rd crime). He then runs away not checking on the first victim or administering first aid like he said he was also there to do during a earlier interview. Then he kills a second person who was trying to stop him from running away for killing the 1st person(4th crime) and again not checking on the 2nd victim or administering first aid like he said he was also there to do then he shoots and injures a third person who was trying to disarm and restrain him(5th crime) who the third person could of easily killed him for killing the first 2 victims b/c he was also armed, but the 3rd person chose to try and citizen arrest him. The shooter runs to the cop for safety. Afterwards the people were shouting at the cops that he just killed people and for the cops to arrest him, but sadly the cops just ignored him and let him go by. Shortly afterwards he was interviewed and given water and was asked what kind of rounds he was using he lied on camera saying he was using "non-lethal" rounds(6th crime) he then leaves the scene shortly afterwards not once ever filing a report or letting the cops know he just killed 2 people and severely injuring a person(7th crime) he finally turns himself in his home state the next day after people identified him using facebook(8th crime).
Only thing that kid did wrong was not shoot the 3rd asshole in head instead of the arm.  They rape,loot,attack,vandalize,burn the town down.  You did that to my home? That whole street would of been filled with bodies.
Resist the cops, get shot.
All people in the world support minority and innocent  americans to protect their human rights and freedom to protest racist Govt regimes and police authorities.  Since now USA has the worst human rights records in the world, Bullshit politicians in USA and  the West  better stop criticizing human rights of other countries, actually USA is the worst.  Human right and freedom to protest records in Hong Kong and other parts of the world  is actually  much better than USA and the West .  Except in USA, Never see a policeman  in the world can shoot an ordinary citizen 7 times at the back, this is brutal massacre worst ever seen!!!
Watched the "Colion Noir" video about this before watching this, glad I did, I know what really happened.
Don’t just show your point of view and say it’s too graphic. Your opinions are oppressive and not conductive to free speech, openness of information, or anything worthy of the word “news.”  This video is biased. Blake is a hero he killed known criminals while they were actively in the act of committing violence and destruction.
Self defense I would have don’e the same!!
Police protect every person substantive human rights
WHEN BLM AND ANTIFA GET TOGATHER  I'AN  SURE HELL GLOW LITTLE BRIGHTER .
Maybe it is no good idea to have everybody run around with guns in the street. In Europe we do not have such customs and laws.
The United States is rapidly falling apart.
Trump said "when the looting starts, the shooting starts."  Here we go.
If I had one division of men like young Kyle our troubles would be over here very quickly
Funny u edited the firearm the guy had in his hand that was running away. Why. Fucking loosers
Send this kid some more ammo. I heard these "peaceful protests" are target rich environments
The Trump rally incites and enables the assassin to dehumanize his prey. Rittenhouse is a human hunter looking to bag a few for Trump. I can just see Don Jr.and Eric standing on the victims bodies for a trophy photo.
RIOTERS is what they are not protesters.
Good riddance
About time! Hope this happens everywhere! If city officials aren't going to stop the violence then citizens will!!!❤❤❤
It's sad reading these comments.
If you teargassed me at a peaceful protest (besides the WHITE entitled kid who murdered two more BLACK MEN) I might just burn up a car too! And I'm a 70 yr old entitled white woman.
If you kill these rioters now you will save lives in the future.
Trained Milita Needed Stop Rioters
These people Destroying businesses and burning cars.  If I saw all them running torwards id kill them to
SELF DEFENSE NO DOUGHT. LET THIS BE A LESSON TO THESE RIOTERS.
No jury is ever going to find him guilty, this will be a easy win for a defensive team in a trial. People are sick of the rioting and violence. And most people would defend themselves from that mob if they had too.
he will be taking a knee every night in prison. how ironic. stock up on your lipstick, patriot!!
0:25  This is real life, don't point a gun at a man with a rifle.
We see you fake news! MAGA is coming hard no matter how much you lie.
They were trying to kill him
The kid was in way over his head.  17 years old illegally carrying an AR15 with live ammunition.  He got separated from his buddies and started getting harassed by the protesters.  He tried to walk away but the one protester followed him and threw a plastic bag at him before trying to wrestle the gun away from him.  He panicked and shot the guy 4 times.  Then called his friend to tell him what happened, then once again felt the protesters closing in on him so he ran down the street.  People started yelling hey he shot someone get him.  So the crowd tried to stop him, and the kid fell to the ground.   Once again he panicked and started shooting people.  Was he under threat?  Yes definitely.  Was it self defense?  For a jury to decide.
Why haven't the names of the two individuals shot to death and the one injured by the 17 yr old gunman been broadcasted...my thoughts and prayers go out to their friends and families...they were courageous individuals who were peacefully protesting wrong doings and they were  advocates for change...may the individuals that were killed, RIP,  and I pray for a speedy recovery for the injured individual
Lets go chase down and attempt to attack a guy with a rifle in his hand, I'm sure nothing can go wrong
Shoot to kill all the rioters they doing to much for nothing !!!!
WGN always showing the true colors.
Lmao hey don’t pull guns on people with guns
America is in trouble...  It's falling apart from the inside.  We might just have another American revolution.  In John's revelation, the first horseman is on a white horse, carrying a bow, and given a crown, riding forward as a figure of Conquest, perhaps invoking Pestilence, Christ, or the Antichrist. The second carries a sword and rides a red horse and is the creator of War.
Handling business when needed to act
Do you really not understand how this happened?
Kyle Rittenhouse.....AMERICA 🇺🇸
This is horrible I am praying for there families!!
You know if you don't pay attention to garbage it fades away as it has no audience to entertain
militia style person because he was exercising his second?
0:32 see a man running away brandishing a pistol in hand
Kenosha Shooting During Riots – The facts. Robbery Attempt and Physical Assault - Rosenbaum followed Rittenhouse into a used car lot, where he threw a plastic bag at the gunman and attempted to take the weapon from him. Physical Assault and Robbery Attempt - Huber had a skateboard in his right hand and used it to “make contact” with Rittenhouse’s left shoulder as they struggled for control of the gun. Murder Attempt -  Grosskreutz, 26, appeared to be holding a gun when he approached Rittenhouse after he shot at Huber. Rosenbaum, Huber and Grosskreutz made poor personal choices and participated in crimnal acts.  It is sad that they died due to poor decision making. From the police report it looks like Ritenhouse should be charged with illegal possesion of a weapon.   Other than that, he likely did what he had to stay alive after being assaulted and prevented his personal propertly from being stolen.  The video and witnesses are there.  Let this one go to trial and we shall see the outcome.
The shooter was chased down as attacked for attempting to protect the local property before he opened fire. One of the attackers had a pistol.
WGN Fake News <-- I fixed your channel name for you.
This is Trump's America. One disaster after another.
i woulda emptied the fkn clip if you came near me throwing shit
If you see someone with a rifle do you: a. kick him in the head b. bash him in the head with a skateboard and try to take the rifle away c. charge him with a pistol drawn d. leave him alone I vote for d but I am not a liberal.
good Samaritans got killed
Rise up America the media is one of our biggest Enemy's.
Very misleading... definently reporting
The police  and this kid are in trouble that's why they haven't  answered  questions it looked  like the two  that got shot were goin for the gun clearly  it shows they didn't  let me say this this is  my tenth attempt  at giving my opinion
WTF WHY was he even at the protest he's 17 from IL and his excuse is self defense
The protesters and the boy were armed. What do you expect will happen?
Were they protests, or were they riots? All I know is those flames look pretty peaceful, almost reminds me of a bonfire, those rio... sorry protesters must've packed some campfire food and just needed a way to cook it.
They left out the part where he wasn’t supposed to be there in the first place. I mean cmon a 17 year old at a riot with an assault rifle. I hope he gets charged dosent matter if it was in self defense he shouldn’t have been there in the first place. For all we know he could’ve been an active shooter. Notice how the police didn’t kill one person that one night but he killed 3. Untrained, uncalled for.
Interesting it’s mostly republicans here must be because we actually look for the truth while the democrats are sheep who listen to whatever they are told by the news
Of course, I am not stupid enough to get in that situation.  But, if I was in that situation, I would have also opened up on them.  When you hear the full facts of the encounter, the shooting seems justified.  All this over the domestic abuser and alleged rapist Jacob Blake who wrestled with the police, was tasered, still resisted, and was finally shot.  What a waste.
Ol' Glenn is not telling what happened right off the bat. He said that 1 of the protesters was shot as he was running away from the gunfire.  If he told the TRUTH, that fellow was running up to the shooter to cold cock him in the head. "Kyle Rittenhouse" Say his name! The Kenosha Kid, only shot him in the arm. Protester with hands up did not get shot.This is the way MSM wants to sway people's thoughts by not telling the whole truth.
the ar guy is a giga chad
What a sick nation and country
Got exactly what they deserved.... Hope it keeps happening
Sad situation
They are not protests! They are riots!!!!
A book "Techniques of Communism"  will give you an excellent understanding of why these riots are happening & who is behind it. You can find the book at "The Internet Archive" and listen to it for free. If you choose to buy it at Amazon, it's only about $3.50.
Did you forget a detail or two? Like he was shot at and chased first? His face was protested on with a skateboard? Continued to run for safety TOWARDS the police? And fully complied? I hope he doesn't catch a single charge
I just loved it when Mister Tough Guy, Gaige Grosskreutz started screaming. Mama! Mama! Mama! Mama! Mama! I want my Mama! I need my Mama! The more I watch it, the funnier it gets! Hero? Pathetic.
All life's matter
It’s there flat he was trying to diffend and help the peaceful protesters but they started basically threatening him and one of the dude that was shot had a gun he was read to kill a 17 year old
We have the best human rights records...that's why we can impose democracy to the rest of the world! No matter what, USA is the best because in USA, we can freely discriminate and free to kill others with guns! Please come to us...all USA immigrants!
This what  happens  when  you have a dumb president  like Donald Trump
So guy gets attacked by multiple people. One clearly had a pistol with the finger on the trigger....and this is not justified?
Why a kid got a ar in a protest......he could have stay at home  play playstation
PRESStitutes. They will do anything for the money ...
ANMH
Glenn Marshall-you are a mediocre journalist at best.   The media in our country is a joke and everyone sees it.   Journalism should be looked at as the most disdainful occupation in our country.  They’ve earned it.
He was protecting himself. They ran after him to act all badass in front of girlfriends or whoever and paid the price, bottom line. I hate that they were shot and killed but doing stupid shit will get you killed.
The man didn't get shot running away from the shooter, he was running toward the shooter to attack, got shot, then ran away.  Surprising he was smart enough to run.  You don't attack  a man with a gun in his hand if you don't have one....idiot. What did he think was going to happen?
Murica!
He wasn't militia.  But who cares if he was and who cares if militias exist? Scared journalists?
Fine each protester 100dollar of  no permit. Assign area outzide town in empty field protes t zone
I wish the news would stop calling it protest 🙄,  they really need to study better journalism,,truth telling and read the dictionary
You can only push somebody so far, before they BITE BACK.... Take note BLM
its a shame he didn't shoot a few more
He clearly was being attacked and defend himself against idiots playing a victim. So sick of this sh/t.... ALL lives matter... til you destroy your own.
This comment section is toxic
USA is like GTA on mods right now
What I hate about the media is you can’t tell facts from lies it’s literally impossible
You come to hurt me I got a 556 round with your name on it
another idiot with an AR
Seen the vids. Those rioters had every shot coming. They attacked him and got shot. Done and done. This channel sucks.
So many delusional people in these comments believe they have all the facts and have enough information presented from one single video to form an opinion on what transpired. You are as naive as the sheep you criticize.
Do these people think they're in some video game. Carrying lethal weapons around obviously with the intent to hurt someone. Even if they were "protecting buisnesses" they couldn't just shoot at people and call it legal. The people thinking this kid is innocent and will be released are beyond delusional.
The news title should be replaced with Rioters
Murder
Kyle Rittenhouse was using self defense. He was being attacked, kicked, punched in the face and hit with a skateboard before opening fire. First of all you don't run up on somebody armed with a weapon with intentions of disarming them. Another person attacking him with a gun is a felon and shouldn't be in possession of a firearm anyways. People are going to exercise their rights because we can no longer put our trust in the police that are infringing those same rights.
I wonder if Kyle was in the youth explorers that joe gliniewicz was in charge of?
Free him he's innocent the moment they ganged up on him they lost their lives everyone's stronger in a group until u gt et popped SMH
both sides acting like crazed animals, protesters destroying everything on their path, the dudes roaming the street with an assault riffle just waiting for an excuse to shoot someone....this is truely a sorry watch
They should just shoot everyone so they can learn how to stay home .
Holly shit
What if it was a black 17years old with a gun this comment section would be completely different a 17-year-old who had no business being there killed 2 people and walked away
No one should be dying at a protest 😔
Two won Darwin Awards, one had his upper arm turned into hamburger, and lucky that he was not finished off continuing to hold the pistol.  Then the guy that tried to drop kick him in the head was very lucky, being the only shot the kid missed.  I know soldiers that would have a hard time meeting that level of accuracy in a high stress, close quarters fire fight.  Even shooting from his back taking out the one guy was impressive.
Tell the whole truth you piece of 💩
Self defense.
"2 Terrorists killed, 1 Terrorist wounded at Riots in Wisconsin over Police shooting of Jacob Blake, the Pedo Who Refused to Submit to Police Who Were Serving a Warrant for Sexually Assaulting Yet Another Underage Girl." FIFY
One of the people who was killed is a convicted pedophile and the other two obviously assaulted the guy. Sorry I don’t have any sim party to find
Show the video so the people can see the truth
The kid was defending himself. Koodos to the kid I hope he walks free.
Why did this random gunman not get shot down or taken into custody?
View my new video for the actual truth.. ( I WAS THERE WHEN FIRST GUY GOT SHOT )
Fake news. 'Protest' in the title and the news guy is standing infront of a burned car. It's called rioting asshat
How the fuck do you people sleep at night after lying to the public? How the fuck do you go home and justify what you do? How do you wake up in the morning and look in the mirror and say “now how can I really screw my own race over today”?? You spread lies and act like that 17 yo boy was just shooting people. He was being attacked by “peaceful protesters” and decided he didn’t want to get beat to death in the streets. How the fuck does the media do this on a day to day basis and get away with it. I can’t wait until we start to fight back. We want our cities back from these fucking animals. We want peace and quiet. And you stupid fucks won’t like it when we decide to act. I can already hear you grown ass children crying. “We didn’t do anything wrong”. “All we wanted to do is light shit on fire and beat people for no reason”. “We are peaceful, wild, uncontrolled and uneducated animals”. FUCK BIDEN AND HARRIS!!! THIS IS AMERICA!!! AND WE WONT STAY SILENT FOR MUCH LONGER!!
black people need a revolution
Why has the United States become what it is today？
Hey Antifa! No re-spawn in real life.
Way to go all you morons...start killing each other...
WOW!  I"m from Canada and I baffled on how the media like to twist the stories in the US.  I'm no American but I'm angry for the Americans.  No one should be deceived like this.  It;s messed up.  By ready the comments I'm at least happy to see that some know the truth.  This rifleman was the victim.  If there's any doubt, go see unedited videos of this event.
A year 17 old kid drive different states or county lines with an illegal weapon to protect businesses that is not his own?  Firstly, kid got there to cause trouble, shoot someone and cause mayhem of his own.   Secondly, the kid is civilian so that is not his job.    Lastly, the kid has done damages before he was running away from the protesters.
Why are the media allowed to distort reality as they do? After 20 years of war on terror propaganda does anyone believe a word they say?
No charges should be filed. Just because he had an AR he's labeled mulisha? I saw a young man who was defending himself.
Thanks for not showing the boy getting chased and attacked. We have to control the narrative.
damn racist used cars, glad they got burned, now racism is over
Great job Kyle!  2  violent commies dead!
Over 30 people Killed from BLM Rioters.  How many More, Matter?
This country is so lost, wtf
Lies.  Tell the truth and stop making the thugs who got shot look innocent.
how can people defend a kid bringing a gun bigger than himself to a protest he has nothing to do with
Can't kill  right winged Nazis with skateboards..
I can’t believe people are still protesting over this bullshit
Hope the guy didn’t use his right thumb to access his iPhone
The moment we start thinking for ourselves, you see right through all the lies. That's what always set America apart from many 3rd world Countries.  I trust that we are many that can and do see the truth.   But we also need to understand what we're up against. It's pure evil, The Democrat Party is pure evil.  They do nothing but pretend to care , when they do not. Your POTUS  may not be a career Politition. And he may not speak like one either. But that's a good thing.  Deep down he's just like the rest of us, and he's doing his best. Listening to Obama , Clinton , Pelosi speak you can just see the Devil in these people's eyes. I'm not a religious person, and never really believed in the Devil. But I think I was wrong. Look closely at their faces, watch them lie, and you can see the evil in their eyes.  Let's have faith that good will conquer evil. You may not know me, and I might not know you. But if your a good person, I am your friend, I am on your side.  We the good people of this world will defeat the beast .
BLM is the new all-inclusive Klan.
These protests are stupid I’m starting to think they’re fake cause why is there so many white people instead of black
my god
it was self defense. and all 3 who got shot had sex crimes including childmolestation.
J  Blake got wht he deserved.   NOW be warned... look at the comments you morons to see who is the majority now
Dude, you’re terrible at facts
It’s a riot but ok
Don't trust anyone under 30.
No video and police would of let him go
*Definitely Self Defense*
Why are there protests for idiots 🥱
This is a lot of miss information
Two people are dead because they were foolish.  Rushing a person armed with a rifle is not a smart plan.  Demonstrate peacefully, folks.  No one should be getting themselves killed.
They probably deserved it to be honest. Shit getting out of hand. It shouldn't even have to be a color thing. All lives matter and the police force needs to be reform to weed out the bad apples. They should implement a 3 strike rule for cops. 1st strike you warning, 2nd strike would be leave without pay and 3rd strike and youre out.
To the person reading this: your a very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine!
0:58 that’s a cool ass vehicle
-I never cared if you were “gay“ until you started shoving it in my face, and the faces of our children.  -I never cared what color you were, until you started blaming my race for your problems. -I never cared about your political affiliation until you started to condemn me for mine. -I never cared where you were born until you wanted to erase my history and blame my ancestors for your current problems. -I never cared if you were well-off or poor until you said you were discriminated against when I was promoted because I worked harder. -I never cared if your beliefs were different from mine until you said my beliefs were wrong. Now I care!  My patience and tolerance are gone. I’m not alone in feeling this way there are millions of us who do......and we have had enough!!
All the protests are over a bunch of IDIOTS that resisted arrest and ended up DEAD. Gee its a no brainer if you resist arrest you suffer the consequences.
Why does the media keep calling a boy that legally used self defense a "vigilante" and "a militia member"??? Why does there always have to be a narrative to push
The left doesn’t realize that patriots are just warming up. Sick of these mob low IQ cock maggots getting away with destruction of people’s property because a thug resisted arrest a received what he deserved.
The kid deserves a trophy for taking out the trash!
If the cops can’t uphold their oath then don’t expect people to watch their backyard demolished by brainwashed vigilantes...stop deleting my respectfull comments screw tube...the gig is up
When you say keep comments respectful your really saying we will delete anything that doesn’t fit your narrative...
WAKE UP! The Tribulations are coming very soon! Jesus will be returning near the end of the tribulations! Repent now! Turn away from your sins and follow Jesus Christ who died for your sins! All the world events have been prophesied, they have been predicted in the Bible and are happening right now! Storms, earthquakes, flooding, fires, locusts, asteroids, and rioting (lawlessness/sin). Many nations are going to form an alliance and attack Israel. There are going to be famines and tons of extreme destructive weather and sickness. The world is going to follow the New World Order in which everyone is united under one government and it will be an evil one. They will pretend to be peaceful and loving, but when the time comes they will tear the world apart and start killing everyone. "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. (Matthew 24:7 King James Version)" "And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. (Luke 21:11 King James Version)" "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke (Joel 2:30 King James Version)" . You are all sinners, just like me! You are wicked and live in lies! Repent now or you will be thrown into the pit of fire! The wages of sin are death! "23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23 King James Version) Here is the good news! You can be saved, and taken out of the world before this time comes and be with Jesus Christ! "16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16 King James Version)" "15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;  2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.  3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;  4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4 King James Version)" . ABC's of Salvation (How to be Saved): "9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. (Romans 10:9-10 King James Version)" Admit you're a sinner and that you need to be saved and forgiven, and that you can't enter into Heaven by your own works but by Jesus Christ. Believe in Jesus Christ truly with all your heart and that He died on the cross for your sins, and rose on the third day. Commit/Call to God with all of your heart, and pray to God. Ask for forgiveness and to be given the gift of salvation and to be sealed by the Holy Spirit. REPENT! . Then continue to walk in His light, and hold His hand and let Him guide you through life and protect you. No one can take you out of His hand. "28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.  29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.  30 I and my Father are one. (John 10:28-30 King James Version)" . "40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. (John 6:40 KJV)" . Thanks be to God forever and ever! Glory be to God forever and ever! God bless you! God bless President Trump! Amen.
MSM needs to stop condoning these riots... A society can't function without some sense of safety. Riot to the polls, not innocent people's home's and businesses.
The Day of Grace is Coming to its End Repent and Live, Says the Lord This is the Final Call
Bruh the man was getting chased by 40 plus he fell down and a dude jumped on him and got laid out while another dude hit him with a skateboard what did they expect
I am so happy they died. America has had enough!
The control of information will be the demise of any state
the kid was spotted cleaning graffiti off property and stores days before. he was a good member of his community and was only defending himself. the media is the enemy of the people
I just Uploaded Full Videos on Kenosha Shooting
So all 3 "victims" are criminals, one a sex offender, one with a rap list of assault and strangulation, and another with DUI and unlawful possession of a firearm, and that same guy pointed a handgun at the kid. Don't mention Anthony Huber hitting him over the head with a skateboard. Then again, don't mention a bunch of adults tried to do serious harm to a fucking teenager
It's really a beautiful beautiful line😉
“Demoralization, Destabilization, and Crisis” - Yuri Beznov
He was NOT shot running away. Stop showing pieces and show the entire Video.  Also epic reporting not talking about the gun he had in his hand and the other two people attacking him. Steller reporting, disgusting.
Wtf is militia type suspect? Lol these descriptions keep getting better
Ok duebieallit I'm n craft ...... 👍👍
Haha guy who ran away (after he got shot lol) had a gun in his had... You guys ever think your on the wrong side. And why is everyone breaking stuff over a pedo.. Haha guess this is why people say fake news.
*This is what happens when you try to use violence as a solution. All you do is inspire more violence and lead to others having to take measures to defend themselves and that's what Kyle did.*
He killed two people.  No adjustive, just people.  Now send him to trial.  Why cant they all go this easy.
Please stop the fighting! Please stop killing and hating of one another.
Not a protest it's a riot
He was open carrying which is legal. And the rioters attacked him he did what was right
good riddance
I don't like Trump as much as the next person. But I'm starting to think Biden who is basically just a sad version of weekend at Bernies, and Kamala, who legislates with her finger in the wind, are not going to be able to stop this shit. At least Trump is actually willing to work with these cities, and send in people to stop this. It's obvious after more than 70 days of riots the democrats can't stand up to these people.
facts don't matter to the left
King von did it
When society falls. The militias will rise.
White boy got yall shook
"Militia type suspect because he had an ar-15 gun" 🤦‍♂️
Was this the cop shooting where the suspect had a warrant out for his arrest then resisted arrest and went back to his car for a knife? Also is the 3 that got shot in the rioting the guys that where assaulting a man protecting local businesses?
Greatest country in the world huh
Was this the cop shooting where the suspect had a warrant out for his arrest then resisted arrest and went back to his car for a knife? Also is the 3 that got shot in the rioting the guys that where assaulting a man protecting local businesses?
2 Commies down  💪🏽🇺🇲
Same script across all corporate media. "Peaceful protesters" killed by "white nationalist". ALL refusing to show the videos because the videos clearly show Kyle being hunted by a savage mob intent on attacking him. He only fires when cornered or pinned down on the road with the mob rushing in to attack. This is absolutely a case of self defense against a savage mob out for blood and destruction. BLM! Burn Loot Murder!
These aren't protests. They're riots.
We will never get stimulus check support if Biden wins after all we didn't get any stimulus check support during the H1N1 pandemic when Obama was in office.  So, since it looks like Biden will win, "Don't hold your breaths to ever get any more stimulus check support."  Life will be very hard with lots of suffering and the protests, compared to what will end up happening, will look like a joke.  The Spanish flu lasted 3 years because people were not able to move around as easily as we can. Present day, we have awesome transportation of many forms and we can travel hundreds if not thousands of miles in a matter of hours or days; therefore the COVID-19 virus can spread faster than the Spanish flu. So, this leaves one to wonder how long the suffering will last. Could it be longer than the 3 years of the Spanish flu?
Freedome to the 17 yo kid  Good work there  All lives matter
THA HAPENS WHEN THE POLICE. IS OUT OF CONTROL. THE POLICE DOES WHAT EVER THEY WANT NO ONE SUPERVISE THEN . AND THATS WHY PEOPLE IS TIRED OF SO MUCH KILINGS FRON THR POLICE. . THEY OWN THE CITIES. IS JUST A BIG MAFIA AGAINST PEOPLE. NO ONE LIKES THEM. THEY'RE KILLERS NOT A PROTECTORS
Completely wrong fake news once again.
Probably time to Quit being stupid and go home.
The news is our enemy, don’t buy into this filth
Keep destroying our country...a bad cop kills 1 person, many protest and cause more deaths, great compromise. Let that bad cop go through his legal crap...go to jail. Why extend the demise of our country? Protests create more deaths than the event that created them.
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy in quarantine  My dream is to have 1k. I been struggling to get there!!🙏
Looking at stuff like this we can all agree change should be made... so why isn’t anything changing
What about the BLM people beating people protecting they business
Fake ass news!!
Yea lets call these armed rioters “victims”, dumbass.  I’m glad at least 2 got what was coming to them, you dont have to be violent to be a protester.
Why are we still not using Oliver riot gear there's more
AWSOME DEMOCRATS go VIOLENCE
Why you would protest at 11:45pm? If you do,you are definitely not up to good... it is 11:45!!!!!! Why! Don't you have others things to do in the morning 😤, besides it is way ineffective protest when everybody is sleeping  By the way, he was clearly protecting himself, and if he really had shot someone earlier why you would follow and try to beat him? He had a fucking AR-15 !!!!Wtf do you not value your own life? If i were there and saw someone with that gun...would get out as fast as the wind.
Didnt show the guys trying to kill this kid and didnt show the 50 cars and businesses burned. Why are they purposely hiding the truth?
Kyle Rittenhouse acted in self defense
You think you a man wit that gun  Police I’m a pussy without it
Riots not protest
Sick of seeing these comments protecting the shooter. Dude was dressed like he was in Call of duty, ready to kill. Gtfo with all that other bs. "He was defending himself" We know why he was there and it wasn't peace.
I find it funny you only hear about protesters dying. You never hear about shop owners getting shot burned alive the elderly getting abused people getting jumped and humiliated. When your average citizen it's Fed Up this will be play Everyday occurrence and it needs to be
Hope Jacob eats through a straw the rest of his life
I hope Kyle's attorney sues you to ruin for your defamation, slander and liable!
Tell the whole fuckin story about how he was chased, the dude running had a pistol at him
two are dead right now.... well pretty sure theyll stay that way
So is it even legal in that state for a 17 year old to have an assault rifle? He not only shot 3 people and murdered 2, his parents might also get charged for this, or whomever actually owns that gun.
I love how they painting the dead as victims on liberal news lol they were gonna kill that guy if he didn’t shoot his rifle and he defended himself but it’s the left so they always gonna be victims lol
you all just wanna ignore the fact that he crossed state lines and was carrying a gun that wasnt even his?
We don’t need to see the videos or the stills, whatever the media says the opposite is what actually happened
Is it illegal to defend yourself yet? That seems to be the motive of main stream media reporting.
Thumbs up of you think that burned car looks fake as f***. Digital bs
It’s all lining up with Scripture. This is exactly what the Bible says it will look like right before judgement. The 2017 and 2024 solar eclipses over America (7 years apart), will make a huge “X” over the new Madrid fault line. The nations divided, wouldn’t be surprised to see it physically divided as well. Also it will have been 400 years in November since the Mayflower compact was signed (11/11), declaring the advancement of the Christian faith to this land. 400 and 40 are numbers of judgement in Scripture. The Canaanites were given 400 years to repent of their wickedness before God brought judgement on them. Not to mention that we’re in the 40th Jubilee year since Jesus walked the earth. It just so happens this November to be the election. (In 2020: 20+20=40) Just something to think about. The warnings cannot be ignored anymore. Only God knows! Turn to Jesus before it’s too late to escape the coming wrath and to have eternal life with Him!  A - Admit to God that you are a sinner. Repent, turning away from your sin. "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God."  Romans 3:23    B - Believe that Jesus is God's Son and accept God's gift of forgiveness from sin. "While we were sinners, Christ died for us."  Romans 5:8   C - Confess your faith in Jesus Christ as your Savior and Lord. "If you will confess with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord," and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.."  Romans 10:9
Yea let's kill and destroy whatever we can that always fixes things👍
It's good to see people are now catching on the the BS the media has been telling them since these riots started. It's all narrative with zero facts.
And not a word of how the shooter was attacked and he acted in self defence, smh
0:37 Artem Lobov ??
🙋‍♀️
That's what rioters get you want to riot and do terrorism to the town and Burn It Down then you pay the consequences all's fair in Love and War
I am tired of this craziness.  Worse still I am tired of hatred. Being tired won't make it go awsy but even here reading comments.  So much hate
“Protests”
Self defense
Self Defense!
Stop burning shit down
Human nature is dark… we do terrible things sometimes… The relationship between the oppressor and the oppressed is not confined to any one country… That is civilization, we make progress and fall back…Now, the world can be a nasty crazy place out there, we need a lot of courage and we need a lot of resilience after that, and we will fall down before we stand up… What really matters is the silence of the night in our conscience, when we are alone. We cannot control what happens but we can use what happens. We have so much reserves of love and support inside us, if we can just remember that in our mind and move on.
Jacob blake is a scumbag that acted like a scum bag and got shot because of his actions. But the "non racist party" is always quick to look at skin color in these situations
Antifas are animals. Just harvesting  their actions
And then the cops drive right past him and probably handcuff the black guys. This is exactly what is wrong with our nation
lets be clear.there is no such thing as a peaceful protest
Over police shootings of _______________ (insert name above because anything is good enough for stupid people)
Both sides need to go home
Shooter deserves a medal.
Totally Kyle!
Lmao yall just missed out on the part where he was assulted and he was defending himself
It was justified. People dying for nothing.
This is what happens when you don't want a job, or take responsibility for yourself- you become a worthless street rat.  Don't vote Democrat -unless you wanna live as a rat lives.
So if we protect the protesters we kill people
That man was a hero people that jump and sucker punch people deserve to be shot.
Dude shot in head was a registered sex offender who was caught on video earlier in the day using racial slurs and telling people to shoot him.  His name was Joseph Jojo Rosenbaum.
My life doesn't matter,  noones does,  play the fukn game, dont get caught,  stay alive( if that's what you want) , for as long as u can, cuz lemme tell you, nothing matters
1st degree murder????????????
The media is the enemy of the people.
When societies break down the dynamic changes from laws and rules to the one with power. And you are watching it in real time. So sad a 17 year old is on his own in the figjt for the country.
The whole video breakdown is done very well on alex jones show . the first person killed was chasing and trying to harm the 17 year old. Yhe second was hitting him in yhe head with a skateboard. The third man who was shot in arm was trying to shoot him in the head. Research shows the first did 10 years for raping a 13 year old. Other had records too. Oops forgot to mention that. Well try to be safe.
He only killed 2! Awww man
I will not vote for Democrats for this reason
No context for the shooter being a white man in a movement against white supremacist violence? No one carries an assault rifle for self défense.
Guys a hero good man
They deserved to be shot, he was defending himself.
There’s a protest in a couple days in my city and I’m ready to take to arms to protect my family if riots break out. Who’s with me
Show the whole thing pos. It was self defense
Hey dumb cunts in the comments. do your fucking research. the kid literally is a police admirer and has been shown to flaunt both Blue lives matter and state trooper hats in his facebook. the reason he was on the floor in the video was because moments before he shot at his first victim, then a protestor ran and tackled him. he then got up and shot in random directions, killing two more. why are you avoiding the fact that he LITERALLY KILLED 2 PEOPLE AND PUT IN THE HOSPITAL. I DONT CARE IF THEY TAUNTED HIM AND WHATNOT. ITS NOT A CAUSE FOR SOMEONE TO OPEN FIRE AND KILL 2 BYSTANDERS. I REPEAT. YOURE DEFENDING A MURDERER. WHY???? THE PROTESTORS WERE MINDING THEIR BUSINESS, AS REPORTED BY THE SHERIFFS DEPARTMENT. AND YOU WANNA TRASH THEM? he was walking around with an Ar-15, but you dont want to question that. no, you wanna question the media because youre too busy thinking black people already have rights and they should suc it up and live. stop being ignorant and do some RESEARCH.
the news networks need to be burned down for not telling the entire story.... burn all the news networks and kill all the reporters and their bosses
Protest for a man with criminal charges, and sexual assault of a minor. Alright, seems legit.
This is what actually happened as of now. This could change as new information comes out. Basically what we know is that he was being chased by one guy further back and he threw something at him( we don’t know why). That’s when he turned around and shot him point blank in the face. He called 911 and told them he just killed someone( he didn’t know he was still alive). Then people started chasing him down the street. He then tripped on his own I’m assuming because of the rifle. While still on the ground the first guy jumped to stomp him, he shot him but missed. Then a guy tried or hit him with a skateboard in the head and maybe tried to grab the rifle not sure and got shot in the chest( second dead). Then the third guy pulled a hand gun and pointed it at him to definitely kill him and got his arm shot off. Then he gets up and sees a guy that was definitely gonna jump him if he had stayed down but his hands were up so he didn’t shoot him( Was he kill hungry? Idk) That’s what happened. I don’t know the law so I don’t know if what happened is justified it depends on what happened before he shot the first guy imo. This definitely has not been reported well by the media as they have made it look like he just went up to people and started shooting randomly.
For those people that said it was an illegal gun to carry. The governor of Wisconsin also said there was a curfew which he didnt enforce in the slightest. Also, it is illegal to beat someone up, brandish a glock at then, throw bottles and molotovs, assault them, threaten them, so on.   The kid waited to shoot. He gave them many chances to back off. So many
IF you run at an armed individual with a pistol, You're going to get shot.
3 Terrorist where shot trying to harm a civilian.
Shoot all of them!!! When they are all dead, then peace will take effect.
Poor guy with skateboard shot dead while trying to help kid get up after falling, that sounds about libtard media accurate, only killed 2 commies kid must be disappointed practice practice practice better luck next time
For months now, Democratic leadership has been either pretending like this violence isn't happening, encouraging it, or enabling it...  the media too.  Folks, now that they're realizing regular citizens don't like to watch our cities being destroyed by violent rioters that they keep calling 'peaceful protesters', don't forget who encouraged this garbage THE WHOLE TIME... don't forget.
Operation mockingbird in use
trump school?
I like how you leave it out self defense the shot in his arm had a gun
So, rioters who loot, burn, beat people and destroy property are "protesters", but anyone who fights back is a militia member or vigilante, right?! There's gonna be a lot more of this, until so called leaders of these blue cities grow a pair and protect their communities.
Fake news
To bad it was only 2
how do these guys think they are fighting racism by breaking cars, destroying houses and hitting people?
Riots. Not protests. Riots.
Beautiful thing
Shoot them all
did that first burned car look fake as hell to anyone else
BLM is nothing a movement of morons and imbeciles pretending to solve problems while screaming like children and looting and burning businesses under the cover of darkness. The world is better without them existing.
It was a kill or be killed situation... What would you do?
The media is loosing this battle, people are waking up and realizing these are violent democrat protests. People are aware that the democrat leaders in Washington are fully supporting the rioting, looting and violent assaults on Americans.
So the 17 year old shot violent protestors !  The parents of these crap bags must be so proud of their offspring !  LOOOSSSERS !!!!!
Show the people the whole thing. You can’t hide reality from the sheltered forever. This country is its own worst enemy.
“Over police shooting of Jacob Blake”🤣🤣.....I guess if that’s what u call self defense nowadays
The views tho
The police are inciting this violence.
All these scumbags that are terrorizing the streets need hefty prison sentences
RANDOM SELF RIGHTEOUS TEEN PRETENDS TO BE A COP, PATROLS STREETS WITH ASSULT RIFLE AND MURDERS TWO PROPLE. send his ass to jail forever
Not victims, attackers, I'm glad the kid was able to defend himself against atttackers twice his age
I rarely ever say this to people. But y’all should actually fucking do your jobs
Missing sections. Important sections.
Forgot the part how he was running away until 3 people were on top of him
These journalists and news outlets have had a hard time adjusting to technology for the last 10 years. They still have not figured out that when they don't show the full clip people will just jump onto youtube and see if for themselves. It's a lot harder for them to get away with their lies and biased story telling these days.
Lies.
Did you see the video where the "victims" were chasing the kid, had him on the ground and we're trying to disarm him? Sounds a lot like self defense to me. Another way to report this would have been to say that "A young man was able to fend off his attackers and is at home safe tonight".
This is why our founding fathers gave us the right to have firearms. This is why we need high capacity firearms! To protect our selves from government or thugs the government won’t. People are not going to let’s their hardwork go down in flames by people who never worked hard a day in their life. Now that the polls show this is hurting the dems they are trying to speak out against this but they cheered this on for months!
Clear cut self defense. Go check out the whole story.
Are we still blaming rap music?
Wen the pray becomes the hunter
If you are reading this comment and do not have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, please know that it is no mistake you saw this message. Hard times are coming. The mark of the beast as warned about in the book The Holy Bible is soon here. ID2020 with mandatory vaccines, quantum dot tattoo to verify vaccine compliance and cashless society/ cryptocurrency have been planned out for humanity, ushered in by the new world order elite ( *not with good intentions*) Soon the great tribulation will be here as warned about also in The Holy Bible. A time that the world has never seen since even the beginning (* not good*)  (Matthew chp 24:21 For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be) A powerful world leader will also arise only to deceive the world. ( Revelation chp 13:16-And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.“Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.”) The world's only hope is a Savior sent from God our heavenly father, His Son Jesus Christ who died for our wrong doings (John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”)   It's not too late for you if you are reading this but soon it will be. Please call on the name Jesus Christ now while there is still time. All you have to do is pray and ask Him for forgiveness of your sins and ask Him into your heart by believing with sincerity and He can begin a personal relationship with you. Please see the book the Holy Bible for more information  or leave a comment. Please remember it doesn't matter who you are or what you have done, He loves you more than you could ever know. Please remember this when times get tough......
Funny how the so called NEWS doest show the video of the protesters attacking the boy with the gun right
Burn down and loot your commercial news  media studios. They are the enemy. Destroy them and burn them to the ground
Hate and Violence never equal Peace  and Justice. History repeats itself, conflicts will arise; fire cannot be quenched by dousing it with more fuel.   Every kingdom divided against itself will be laid waste, and every city or household divided against itself will not stand. If Satan drives out Satan, he is divided against himself. How then can his kingdom stand? The Kingdom of God is at hand for you  Make a tree good and its fruit will be good, or make a tree bad and its fruit will be bad; for a tree is known by its fruit. For out of the overflow of the heart, the mouth speaks. The good man brings good things out of his good store of treasure, and the evil man brings evil things out of his evil store of treasure. But I tell you that men will give an account on the day of judgment for every careless word they have spoken. For by your words you will be acquitted, and by your words you will be condemned.
We just know what they want us to know..
ciara
Trash reporting.
The cops allowed it to happen since it was a white dude they did nothing but allowed him to run around assassinating people. They are responsible for those murderers.
These comments are disgusting. This psychopath drove 20 miles out of his way to murder people in the streets. People were charging him because he had already murdered someone.
Slysid
Militia type? You mean a victim of mob violence? Dumb as fuuuuuu
Cops.. you need to stop killing people. Military.. it's time. Martial law these cops. These cops have gotten out of control.
ugfb
Lmao, if you think just news channels lie, that's false... blm posts extremely bias post, without any facts, always aiming to hate on whites, and show how bad and racist they supposedly are.
If someone can explain me why a 17 year old was out with an AR in the first place I'd agree with the senseless comments..
The police put him out there, you don’t lose site of a person with a AR-15. It was all an plan.. just hatred of what to become
Mean while there’s human trafficking.
A lot of dumbasses in this comment section angry at the reporters, he went across states to shoot at protestors??? Like how is the media at fault? Like 1 black person kills a kid and its used as an excuse to boycott blm, but some white supremacist killed 2/3 people and its the reporter's faults? Like ???
The other guy had a fucking gun you can see it when he runs away
Riots*
who would try to take an AR away from someone with it straped on?, is this some stage shit ?, just seems stupid to do no offense, who would attack someone holding an AR unarmed?, i wouldnt even take on mfer with an AR if i got a pistol, you rushed him unarmed knowing their has been rounds fired already?, makes NO SENSE.
i’m seeing mixed comments on what happened. anyone got the video link of what happened?
Ah BLM, yes an organization founded by trained Marxists. What could go wrong ?
No
Boooooooo WGN NEWS!
All the idiots in the comments section ignoring the fact that the kid was from out of state and literally went to the protests to kill people. But uh yeah you guys are the victims and the media is against you boo hoo :(
"Two are dead right now", but they'll be back later! XD
America is about to cross the line of no return. It won’t be the same anymore. It’s a prophecy I heard
So a 36 year old white sex offender chases a 17 year old kid with malicious intent, throwing burning objects, multiple gunshots going off behind him separate from the AR-15, but somehow he turn and fire back, get lit up they call "it's a murder" hmmmmm   Maybe don't chase someone with a gun? Don't threaten someone with a gun? or don't threaten at all?
Nazis have been using children to fight their War for a hundred years now
F around, find out
Interesting.  Is uh.....Wisconsin a Democrat-run state?
Citizens are getting tired of it
media are complicit in this kind of crap by the way i'm gonna get to that in a second because the media are absolutely complicit they are pushing it they continue to push false narratives about police action in the absence of evidence they've been doing it for literally years every major incident of the last five years probably has been misconstrued by the media originally without waiting for any of the available facts actively misconstrued by the media every single one i'm i'm struggling to think of one that has not been misconstrued maybe the only one i can think of is philando castile that is the only one that i can think of that has not been actively misconstrued or miscovered by the media the freddie gray situation in baltimore was was considered an act of police racism the autopsy found that the police did not in fact beat freddie gray to death or purposefully kill freddie gray the eric garner incident was considered an act of police racism despite the fact that the sergeant on duty and who was watching over all of it was black and the fact that eric garner died of the fact of his pre-existing conditions he did not actually die of being choked out in that particular situation doesn't mean he should have died but the original details are not the original story the ray shard brooks shooting is a situation where a man took a taser tased two cops wrestled them to the ground and then was shot for his trouble the michael brown shooting was not a situation of a black man surrendering to police hands up don't shoot it was a lie it was a lie from the beginning the the media went with it anyway it is difficult to think of a situation where the media did not miscover the situation dramatically and in the wrong direction from the very outset declaring that it was a symptom of deeper underlying american racism and we're watching that right now in a variety of cases in a variety of cases i'll get some more details on that in just one second the deep irresponsibility of our media that have one job and that is to actively report the facts not to report a narrative not to report the 16 19 projects lies about America to report the fact and their abject irresponsibility and refusal to do so is leading to what we are seeing in the streets right now..
An I’m not from 63rd!
I saw the video, the kid with the gun was running away they chased and attacked him one was armed wtf did they think was gonna happen.
These are not protests, they're riots in which people are getting killed, and beaten. This is not journalism, this is propaganda.
Put me on the jury: the kid was defending himself
Democrats: " Peaceful Protests "
Protesting has killed less people than Coronavirus but I don't see anyone trying to stop covid
nice job kyle
One of the Fake New .... Reporting don't show he was chased down by crowd .. and It was totally self-defense.
life  is  so  fragile   yet  ppl  constantly  put   themselves  out  there   i wonder   y  they   ddn t  see   it  coming  n   stayed   at  home   n  the  shooter   brought    his  a r   15    intending  to  kill
FREE KYLE RITTENHOUSE
I don't even think these protests are even about george floyd anymore.
Please can someone paste the link of what actually happened? I'm confused af
Fiery but peaceful protests - CNN
Where is the raw video?
Think twice next time you attack a man with an AR 15...your GONNA lose. Somebody try to hit me with a skate board and run after me trying catch me on fire....well...i guess I would shoot him as well. Antifa .... GO HOME. More of this is bound to happen. I don't see how you memorialize one dead man by creating a situation where 10 more die behind the one who is already dead. Makes no sense. Quit using this situation to run amuck. That's all that is happening.
NOBODY WAS SHOT RUNNING FROM THE GUNFIRE! whoever this news is should be shut down. The person you cut out at the start HE CHASED THE GUY FROM BEHIND AND WAS HOLDING A PISTOL READY TO KILL THE PATRIOT! he then shot him in the arm. he came up from behind and carried on with the attack quite a while and did battle and got shot in the arm. he was not a protester he was an armed rioter after curfew looting and burning and he was white and had nothing to do with black lives matter. TERRIBLE news reporting and misleading editing.
One thing is certain. There will be 2 less protestors from now on.
The job of the media is to distort the truth of the situation. The Art of Self Defense.
This reporter sucks
ohhhh yeah, burning your cities will help black lives... i bet more investors will be willing to invest
The world needs to come to an end , bring on the Asteroid
🙄
can someone please explain to me what is happening? english is not my first language so im having a tough time
there are videos of the shooting and what lead up to it, all over social media yet the media tries to cover it with their narative, what a joke!
It's white in here I can barely see the truth
QUIT RIOTING!!! SELF DEFENSE OF PROPERTY!! HE HAD A PISTOL ALSO!! 🇺🇸❤🇺🇸
Defund the media
“PeaCeFul PrOteSTs”
All over another justified shooting. Your narrative isn’t holding water. Ever think about going back to journalism and truth?
Those are the strangest "used car lot's" I have ever seen! Report the truth or gtfoh! Liars.
Based hero 🖤
NLM
16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. John 3:16-18
I can't wait until people start posting the videos they took online  Too much is going on. Too many lies. We need to look at the puppeteers, not the puppets.
Man am I glad I wasn’t born in that country. What the hell is happening over there
Purge is coming
King Von: “IM NOT FROM 63rrrrd”
Why cant we start a protest against media? because they are nothing but liar!
U jus seen the guy get up from the floor with the AR 15!!
Good, they deserve it
It’s amazing if you watch the video after the guy is shot and people are trying to help, the first thing they say is to put pressure on the wound. Guess what they say next? Call the cops! Thought they were “ protesting” against them?
Let me fix the titled real quick “ 1 Pedophile dead, 1 domestic abuser dead, and a felon injured for trying to execute a 17 year old. We the media are protecting them so we can throw more fuel to the fire.”
Good.. they deserved to get shot. Those aren't protesters. Those are criminals and delinquents making a excuse to riot, burn, destroy and steal.. Martin Luther king accomplished more and changed the world without doing ANY of that BS chaos that those punks are doing.. they ran up in a guy with a gun. They were trying to attack a individual who was protecting the livelihood of those who BLM is supposedly for.. those were some stupid ass people running up on a guy with a gun. Guess what, if those guys were at home or work, not doing illegal shyt. They would still be here and not sniffing dirt. Especially one of the guys who is a known child molester.. KARMA IS A BYTCH ain't it. Especially when you are the one getting it in return..
Does anyone know the full video?
BLM IS DOING  A GREAT JOB TO RE-ELECT TRUMP! Keep beingstupid guys
What this world really needs is Jesus. I ask you to take time out of your day to pray for these people, you know that their choices are on wrong but that doesn’t stop us from loving them like God did. We may strongly dislike them and deemed them as worthy of not being forgiven, But the only way the world is going to change Is it the followers of Christ stand together, And love unconditionally.👍🙏
While some people are still calling the riots in HongKong as peaceful protests...
Try to take a mans gun, don’t be shocked when you get killed with it.  Ask George Zimmerman
Self defense. Stop lying to people.
What about that dude having a pistol in his hand pointing it at the guy before he was shot?  Dumb ass
God is light and in him is no darkness at all. We were born in darkness and in sin and by it, the sting of death has spread to all for the wages of sin is death. All of the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Now the unrighteous are adulterers, fornicators, idolaters, sorcerers, the covetous, murderers, revilers, extortioners, drunkards, and the like such, are these who will NOT enter into God’s kingdom. BUT, the gift of God is eternal life in his only begotten Son, Jesus Christ who gave himself for the sins of the world. Being as a lamb without spot or blemish he did no sin in his life and by merit of his own righteousness he was anointed with the Holy Ghost and with power, by which he also was risen from the grave and ascended into heaven, having ALL power in heaven and in earth.   Before Jesus ascended into heaven he commanded his disciples to go into ALL the world and preach the GOSPEL! He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved and he that believeth not shall be damned. Repentance and remission of sins must be preached in the name of JESUS in ALL nations. Therefore the apostles preached this:  REPENT! All you that are here, STOP what you are doing, which you blindly do in the darkness you’ve been so accustomed to and START reading God’s word and OBEYING IT. Be BAPTIZED IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST FOR THE REMISSION OF SINS! This is straight forward to little children who do as their father commands them. Without baptism in the name of Jesus Christ the blood of Jesus Christ has NOT covered you and remitted your sins, thus making you the children of God’s wrath. Then, ye shall receive the gift of the HOLY GHOST. This is the Spirit of Christ, which will be manifest by speaking with other tongues and prophesying, and enables you to walk in the only righteousness that there is, Jesus Christ.   Of yourselves, that is in your flesh, lieth no good thing at all, and they that are after the flesh will perish. But they after the Spirit will bear fruit unto God that is pleasing in his sight. Not according to the emulations of men who seek to justify themselves by going to a church building, watching a YouTube video, or going to a seminary. But according to the natural working of the true vine which causeth the branches that abide in it to bear fruit. Blessed are they that do his commandments that they may have right to the tree of life and may enter in through the gates and into the city!
Kyle Rittenhouse is a true American.  Demonstrators/protestors don't loot, start fires, and destroy property.  Violent rioters is the correct term
Black lives matter is just them acting their color
And that kid only lives 20 miles away
I Hate Illinois Nazi's....
If you don't want the Police to hassle you than don't commit the crimes.
The dishonesty and bias of the propaganda machine which is sometimes referred to as "make news media" is astronomical. Difference races are not enemies to each other, the media and the political idealogy behind it are the true enemies of all of us. They are so afraid to see any reconciliation and unity among us. So they're in their full-throttle in dividing us and tear down this nation from within.
Trump in a massive landslide. We just need these localities to get some sense and vote out these weak anti American democrats. Smh
It’s crazy. You’re a parent...you work your whole life...just to feed your kids...give them good education....protect them from all danger....spend hundreds of thousands on their insurance/medical/school/vacations etc ......just for your child to die in a protest ....that was for a sex offender.  Lmao that’s fucked
Not surprising that all of the losers Kyle shot were criminals.  Pedophiles,  domestic abusers,  etc.
Good job, kid. Smoke em all for supporting a criminal 🔱😈🔱
So if Jacob Blake would complied with the cops, non of this would have happened? Why can't people listen to the cops?
Report the whole story ..
This is America😔
Not one news station in the UK states Jacobs was reaching for a knife
Look at this burnt car, see how peaceful that is.
Trump and his supporters want to silence protesting
Youtube putting 2 misleading videos on trending is one reason I'm voting for Trump. This leftist bias is ruining the media and the minds of millions, it's such a disgusting practice. Tiffany Trump said it best in her RNC speech.
Call that white dude what it is: TERRORIST!
That kid should be found innocent of all charges we need more like him
Why would a mother bring her Minor Son into another state, with a gun, to protect business?! These Karen’s have lost their minds!!
Nice, you arent reporters your instigators. Tell the whole truth next time.
I'm scared for the future of America.
start murdering the cops
Wait, watch the Bodycam of the officers before judging
It's not a protest
If the cops won't save there city the people will even if they're not from that City. Wake up America.
The word peaceful: exists    Media: I’ll take your entire stock
I bet if the protesters burned down the entire mall and killed 25 people the media would call them “peaceful protesters”
I feel great reading the comments knowing that the media is going to either have to make a change or die out. You can't keep lying and getting away with it.
Free Kyle!!!!
Comedy 4.0
No one will ever convince me that, that is peaceful
America is looking more and more like a  third world country.
Yall say alm but all lives can’t matter when this boy shot people doesn’t get shot but Jacob blade goes in his car and gets shot seven times that makes no sense Yall sat everybody treated the same how we treated the same he killed people doesn’t get shot but Jacob blade didn’t touch nobody is now paralyzed that makes no sense
I'm sorry that he's getting charged with first Degree Murder for defending himself.. what a shame
More people should bring ARs to a RIOT. You are free and lawful to defend your country.
The local government should send in National guard...rioting is not peaceful protesting !!! Why doesn’t the media cover the corruption of these protests!!
Anyone notice it was the white guy with the gun not any of the black protesters.  Not one pulled out a gun and returned fire.  Aren't the black guys the dangerous ones?  Doesn't seem so here does it?
How tf was this peaceful? 3 people were shot and most of the city was burnt to the ground.
AR-15 type of gun = Militia. Right, got it.
Surprised they haven’t disabled comments yet. This like to dislike ratio is for sure misleading. It’s cute that they didn’t mention the part where he was almost stomped to death
What about the part where he walks up to the police and they didn’t arrest him, INSTEAD THE POLICE GAVE HIM WATER.
Show complete videos.
Wait are people starting to realize that there's always a full unexplained story behind every viral video and that people including the media under research the truth most of times... And should stop taking everything way to seriously and stop taking everything  with a grain of salt ? Hallelujah hopefully!
Why are we only shown half the clip, beginning with the gunman already on the ground. Why are these people being called protestors still when they are clearing rioting, destroying, and looting. There’s literally spray paint behind the cameraman that says “loot”   Any decent person at that event would’ve left immediately or prevented the destruction once it started.
so you telling me that a guy got killed and then protestors start where 2 more people get killed? sounds like a win win
Walking around "Shoot me, Nxxxx!" Then throwing a molotov cocktail or atleast something on fire at him and charging... looked a little provoked... Watched that shit all night on facebook/twitter
I don’t care about the damage to the cars , I want you to report on why the three people got killed. Explain who did it, explain why he did it, pay respects to the the three people !!!!
Napierdalać bolszewików.
LOL...Watch the cowards run.
Can I ask a question? The 17 shooter is police? He was protesting for what? Against racism? For what’s reason he got a gun with him in tha moment of protests? Really was he in danger to use gun?
The car behind the guy at the beginning looks like a car blown up in gta
Spin news  cut news  the 15 second quick news  fire starter news
Wtf is happening to humanity why do we create such hate imagine being aliens and just watching this shit “Ah the humans are killing each other again” “Again? That’s like the 7th time!” “Yeah they just really don’t like different colors”  “or being different in general”
"He was shot while running away." 😂
HEROE
This looks peaceful
I didn't know it was leagal to carry a machine gun when you're 17  and shoot random people
Self-defense good job buddy
So people are no longer allowed to defend themselves and their property from violent criminals and looters?
"A militia type suspect because he was carrying a AR15 type gun" so now militias only have AR15s?  Something is wrong with reporting here
I’m begging these “protester” to go and protest and burn down a media outlet instead of your local family store
What did thoughs business have to with a cop shooting a someone ??? Yall acting like terrorist now
Lol
but CNN says these rio.... protest are peaceful.
After the shooting a young white man carrying an assault weapon made his way to the armored vehicle  carrying special patrol . They actually said "We appreciate what you're doing.  Thanks" and gave him some bottles of water. If a white man carrying an assault weapon can run away from a shooting to the police then why is it so necessary to shoot an unarmed  black man in the back , 7 times who simply walked away from police into his vehicle where his 3 children were waiting for him ? You tell me that those cops weren't  racially motivated . The malitia guy with the automatic  assault weapon seemed to be doing a favor for the special cops . "We appreciate what you're doing  "
Whoa wtf
It's an attack not a protest.
It was self defense it’s common sense
Thats kid is a hero
He shot someone because he had a plastic bag carrying a man's belongings thrown at him. Yes, he was attacked after because they were trying to stop him from shooting anyone else. He's 17, why was he out with a gun in the first place??  It's illegal to open carry a gun under the age of 18 in Wisconsin & those saying the ones he shot had criminal records, well the 17 yr. Old has criminal records himself.
2 are dead "right now"  What does he mean "right now" oh no oh god no the end is coming
I wouldn't think that'd be near enough!
Well Trump did call out the media for its fake news since the beginning
The guy was not "shot running away" watch all the videos available people!!   This kid is a legend.
Don't bitch and complain about why COVID 19 is still going around.
This is stupid. Always the the same sheet
When the guy was protecting his property and one man aimed a pistol at him that’s why he shot. Look around for information
I've seen 3 videos of this event, and both sides are wrong. The man with the AR was being hunted down by a group of people saying "get him, beat him". When they caught up with him and started to grab at him,  he swung around and opened fire, one at very close range, grazing the head. The man with the AR was defending himself but I can almost grantee that he was out there to stir shit up. It just got real and the look on his face says he wasn't expecting it. That is shock. His life is ruined.
People are crazy.
WGN liars.  Practically endorsing the riots by the terrorists.
that dude pulled a glock
Enemy of the people
The thing is, it’s not that black lives don’t matter. That’s not the problem. The problem is the racist cops and racist people
They deserve to be shot
The first guy shot in head was a convicted child rapists.
100% justified, change my mind 🐸☕️
Oh, the gun style says that you're a malitia man. I bet that microphone means you're a journalist.
Riot not protest.
Nobody likes rioters.
Keep ruining your reputation. If you wanted more Patriots to get involved, you are succeeding.
Communist Media lies and twisting the truth. Look at the like and dislikes. Youtube is promoting the false narratives.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
I think you need some help with your headlines. This should read, "Ignorant White Supremacist illegally shoots and kills 2"
Kyle is guilty!
they were attacking him at the skateboard kicking him over the head and the guy that got shot in the arm had a pistol use pull out Gun he protected himself and he was just trying to protect businesses and even had a medical kit to help people I don't see a problem with any of it I'm glad he's defended himself if you don't see that than you really are part of the narrative in the problem
)Political interference)
Good
Lol this is a joke! That jacob won’t get shot if he not resist stupid
God bless the militia we need more people like him ....
God bless the Suspect .   Self defense
Only down side to this is one got out alive
n you always think of Wisconsin as being filled with like..nice people..
The fact of the matter is this idiot showed up to a protest with a gun looking for a fight. He should be charged and convicted of murder Plain and simple.
The kid is just a idiot. He is lucky to be alive.  Also, people are walking around with guns since the first riot. Groups of white and blacks were walking with AR-15 but nobody stopped them. There has been videos of undercover cops taking away guns from people of all race to AVOID situations like this.
Stop calling these gatherings "protests" because they are actually riots.
Why is this video being edited to avoid showing how and why this17 year old kid was down on the ground before he started shooting? Did he fall?  Did he go down on purpose? Was he knocked down? Why is the portion of him turning away from a protestor in slow motion? What led up to this shooting has been intentionally edited out. This appears to be a genuine incitement to further the riot.
Peaceful protesters. Good job. Don’t tell the truth!
As a European all I can think is: "you have serieus issues, and I hope they don't blow over to Europe again"!
If you guys approve the idea of random armed teenagers "assisting" the police, you are on par with the mentality in that poor, messy countries where the civil war never ends and the law is no more needed.
What are these rioters shooting people for? There is absolutely no acceptable reason that they should burn cars and shoot people for no reason.
TRUMP 2020
How does the media possibly brand this as a 'protest'. Cars were burnt, destroyed, and people died. This is a riot and the government should be allowed to put a stop to this without having backlash.
Thank you for doing what the city should have done
too graphic too show? Yeah right more like hiding the truth of what happened.
Yes the man that was shot was attacking the kid. The man that was shot also had a gun
Why is it okay to murder someone for breaking shit, but it's not okay to break shit for someone being murdered? Why was this kid out there with a weapon in the first place? He was there to protect someone's property right? So he's out there, planning to use lethal force to stop someone from breaking shit. So the people breaking shit see this and get pissed that he's willing to use lethal force over property, but not willing to lose property over lethal force being used. He was planning to use lethal force from the beginning, so people responded in kind. All the commentators here are talking about his this kid was attacked, supposedly having Molotov cocktails thrown at him. I assume the cocktails were being thrown at the property he was trying to protect, rather than at him directly. Both sides feared bodily harm, so both sides are guilty. But don't act like this kid, from out of state, with a gun, wasn't planning on using it. If he wasn't out there, he wouldn't have had to defend himself. A car lot has insurance and police have been arresting rioters. I keep seeing reports of many people getting arrested. either let the police do their jobs, or defund and restructure because they aren't doing it.
ALL LIVES MATTER
I'm not from USA but i why they not show entire video? Dude was chasing by few people. First at video  at this video he didn't kill but tried protect himself. For me this case looks like only one site exist. That's sad
I’m a firm believer that a purge is at hand and needs to happen now!!! Only the strong will survive!!!
RIOTING NOT PROTEST
Did you hear what he said “shot running away from gunfire” do these jackasses realize we’ve all seen the whole video and they were chasing this poor kid.
Play stupid games ....
I don't know what to believe anymore.
Sounds like a win, win, win to me
They can push race war bullshit all day but never the child trafficking problem in Hollywood and the u.s.
Get out of that racist state. The whites don't want us there
Self DEFENSE........
Here we go again
More fake news. Thank God we have President Trump! Best president EVER! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I hope more and more people start shooting these looters and rioters. Business owners are losing their means of income because of these morons and many in America are finally getting fed up with all the bullshit.
Wait I’m confused , what are they not telling the truth about , someone help
I’m sorry but if I’m attacked I’m drawing to defend myself.  But  With that being said these idiot kids shouldn’t be there with weapons in the first place. Untrained and ignorant. “Violence only begets more violence”
1. Scared of how you’re going to pay your bills? 2. Afraid of the impending economic collapse? 3. Feeling distraught due to the inevitable breakdown of society and eventual civil war? 4. In awe of all the destruction and chaos happening?  5. Confused why earthquakes, famines, and pestilence is at an all time high  All these things happening now are but the beginning of sorrows and this is Gods way of giving you a chance to be saved before time runs out!!!  “Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.” ‭‭Revelation‬ ‭3:20‬ ‭KJV‬‬  Things won’t get better, this is an illusion the powers that be have placed upon the world, once the rapture of the church occurs it will get vastly worse, but it’s not too late for you to be saved even now, all you have to do is:  As a repentant sinner Look into your heart and confess: Dear God I am a wretched sinner, as I repent I put my faith that Jesus is God and that he died buried and resurrected so that his blood can wash away my sins I put my faith in that alone to save me not my good works in Jesus name I pray Amen.  Romans 10:9-10 "That if you confess with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord," and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved."  Don’t put your trust in this world, put your trust in God  “Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.” ‭‭Matthew‬ ‭24:35‬ ‭KJV‬‬
Self defense, the terrorists threw a Molotov cocktail right at him then proceeded to swarm him. And they wonder why they got shot? Am I missing something here? Release this young man!
All reporters are just reading a script 🤔 can't get entirely mad!
They aren’t demonstrators they are terrorist and violent people... stop making them not look violent and guilty
Oh i thought the people killed were white? What about how they were beating the guy who shot them? Why cant people like you reporters die as well.
I’d be ashamed to be in the “news” as a “reporter” in this day and age. Can’t even report the existing facts. Protests don’t involve violence, burning cars and smashing in day cares.
People were chasing this dude down because he shot blindlessly in a crowd. I was there...he had plans to kill people that day and play victom.
Like what is going on ??? Can't we just respect each other ... what is the difference between ' black ' or 'white ' people . We are all the same . For goodnness sake we live in 21st century 🙄😒
the kid is innocent he was there to help the people, if the BLM movement weren't terrorist and attacked everybody they can this wouldn't had happen.
This comments section is a cesspool.  That lunatic kid drove all the way from Illinois with a loaded rifle. He was looking for people to kill, plain and simple. How do none of you see the problem with this??  Amazing: folks will do anything to try to give a white boy who kill the benefit of the doubt, while at the same time bending over backwards to justify the murder of unarmed black folks at the hands of the police. It should scare ALL OF US how little accountability there is for police officers who commit atrocities. And a 17 year old executing two people on the street SHOULD WORRY ALL OF US. LIVES MATTER MORE THAN PROPERTY. It sucks that folks need to be reminded of that.
There was a fortnite ad in this video   *Get it, looting*
Looters shot. Im glad someone is finally doing something
“For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.” ‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭1:18‬ ‭KJV‬‬
*Welcome to America! Where you can "peacefully" protest, shoot, and smash cars with freedom!*
Liberal media is actually evil af. They want a race war so bad
I can somehow smell the tinfoil hats on all the right wingers in this comment section
He defended himself?? 👍🤡🤥❤️🇺🇸fake news🤡🤥
They want your guns folks especially those AR15's
一道美丽的风景线！
I haven't seen one positive comment about these reporters and it's actually giving me hope that people are thinking for themselves.
This BLM movement is gonna backfire when a civil war breaks out. And democrats and blm people die by the masses. What a shame.
What happend really?:(
At least people now know Wisconsin exists
So the guy running around w a AR15 was in his rights to have a gun but his victims get shot for having a gun?? Thats White Privilege at it’s finest😂😂✊🏾 only whites in Amerikkka trust whites in Amerikkka
In the first official details of Sunday's shooting released by the Wisconsin Justice Department, which is probing the incident, Attorney General Josh Kaul said the knife was recovered from the driver-side front floorboard of the car Blake was leaning into when he was shot in the back. Kaul also told a news conference that Blake, during the course of the investigation, had "admitted that he had a knife in his possession."
He walked past police with a loaded AR and they didn’t even care. If it was a black dude they would’ve shot him immediately. Do y’all not remember what happened to Tamir rice ?
To whom even would  see the comment i prey 4 you to find peace nd joy in your life, love & home.
The American dream.
Why are they showing the aftermath of the protests, it’s completely irrelevant to the video title
It was not a protest call it for what it is
That 17 year-old needs to be arrested and convicted for murder.
2020
He's the hero of Kenosha protecting business and himself.
Wht aren't you reporting on the killer and not the other stuff. Stupid token!
My friend and other ignorant people are siding with the media. Then say "are you dumb" when I try to explain "it's a good day if the news says its a good day"
How many of yall just came to see the badass vehicle
Greetings from germany to Kyle. You are the man :) Retarded lefties :D PS: Nice to see your media is as corrupt as ours.
Go look for the all the clips the mob chased the guy and hit him with a skate board tried to take his gun he then shot him in the chest then a 3rd guy had a pistol about to shoot him as he was on the ground he shot up at the 3rd guys arm, There isn't alot of footage of the first death so I'm not sure but the 2nd and 3rd guy were attacking, he was defending himself.
Why would anyone other than a police officer show up at a protest with a AK
looting incoming
So tragic 😔
Your racist TV cos shot shoot most them yong and old  retarded protest
Don't chase after a man who   holding a big gun This is what happens
The video is to graphic so let’s not show you the man running up to kick the guy in the head or the other guy club him with a skateboard. Let’s not show or tell you what led up to him feeling like his life was in danger.
These pieces of crap get exactly what they deserve
@ :30 "you see a man that was shot running away from gun fire" i see a man that was shot because he pulled a pistol on a man who was on the ground on his back pause the video and you can see the pistol in his hand. you wrong for this WGN.
The kid that killed them was defending himself... members of that crowd tried to kill that boy.
The whole video shows the "Militia guy" being jumped by a number of  people trying to stomp on his head and was forced to use self defense. If you are stupid enough to charge someone unarmed with an AR-15 you deserve the Darwin Award. The democrats are going to eat this up.
I wouldn’t be caught dead with a automatic out in public especially where there is police.. your asking for it.. and he got it. Should have stayed home.
Not many channels reporting on this
This is insane... The rioting needs to stop.
The whole world is set up to show Consequences for doing wrong. All have lied and stolen and looked with lust. All have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. We must be willing to turn from sin to receive Jesus forgiveness , and to know and live out his teachings. He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17. Visual Bible movies on YouTube. And dramatized audio bible NKJV on YouTube also.
Media is the enemy
Get Shield an gooooo💀
It was *JUSTIFIED* the media is lying to you!
People need to know how to differentiate protests and riots! You have people protesting for the equality of men and women despite their skin tones and bringing awareness to police brutality and then you have people who are rioting and looting for their own malicious reasons that do not align with what the protestors are fighting for! PEOPLE NEED TO STOP CALLING THE PROTESTORS RIOTERS they are two DIFFERENT groups!
Slow down commies,, Your actually creating racism
Idiot media, young man is a hero
I didn't even know they were still protesting
A lot more people are going to die
Don’t look any further in the comments your brain will be exposed to some extreme stupidity.
People are sick of this crap screw them
America: *Freedom of fire*
The suspect used a "militia type" gun LOL what a load of crap!
The media doesn’t tell you that the dude that got shot had his pistol pointed at the guys head that was sitting on the ground. Yet I digress
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS. IT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU COULD EVER DO AND IT ONLY TAKES A FEW MINUTES ARE YOU 100% SURE THAT IF YOU DIED TODAY THAT YOU WOULD GO TO HEAVEN? (CLICK 'READ MORE')  There are some things that you should know:  1. Realize that you are a sinner and in need of a Savior:  Ro 3:23 "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;"  Ro 3:10 "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:"  It all began when the first humans, Adam and Eve were created and God put them in the garden of Eden. God created them perfect to live in fellowship with Him. There was no death or sorrow. God told them not to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. They disobeyed God and as a result, sin entered into the world. The pain, which this world sees, is the result of sin.  2. Because of our sins, we die both spiritually and physically, but God sent His Son to die so that you can have a chance not to have to go to hell by accepting what He did on the cross:  Ro 6:23 "For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord."  Ro 5:8 "But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us."  Every person who has ever lived is a sinner and is not righteous because we do bad things. A sin is a crime against God, just as if you steal something at the store, it is punishable by going to jail. It's the same thing with sin. Lying, stealing, sex before marriage, pride, hatred, ect. are all sins. Hell is a prison for those who commit crimes against God. That’s because you must be perfect in order to get to heaven. No matter how well you live your life from then on, you have already sinned, which will be punished if you are not pardoned. If you commit a crime, and then live as a good citizen you still will go to jail for the crime you committed. Right? Just as the President can pardon a crime so you won't go to jail, Jesus can pardon your sins so that you do not go to hell, and can go to heaven when you die. You won’t have to pay for your own sins because Jesus already did that for you. But if you reject the pardon that He offers, you will have to pay for your own sins by going to hell.  3. If you will confess Jesus Christ as Your Lord, place your Faith in Him and Believe in your heart that He died, shed His blood and rose again as a sacrifice for your sins, you will be saved (from hell).  Heb 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.   Heb 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.  You cannot get to heaven by being a good person, going to church, baptism or any other way other than by turning to Jesus, believing in your heart that He died on the cross and rose from the dead for your sins and placing your Faith in Him. While these are good things to do, some people believe that they will get to heaven, but your Faith must be in Christ and His sacrifice alone and nothing else, giving your life to Him.   Eph 2:8,9 For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.  Ro 10:9,10;13 "that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved..For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."  4.  You must submit your life to Jesus Christ and His will in Faith, believing in your heart that He died and rose again shedding His blood to pay for your sins as a sacrifice to God.  If you want to accept Jesus free gift of salvation, or if you have any doubts about whether or not you are going to heaven, HUMBLY PRAY THIS PRAYER TO GOD FROM YOUR HEART IN FAITH:  ”Dear Lord Jesus I believe that You are the Lord and believe in my heart that You died on the Cross and Rose from the dead, shedding your blood as a Sacrifice for my sins.  I repent and turn to You as the only way of salvation, I submit my life to you, placing my Faith and Trust in You as Lord of my life, Please save me and I thank You for it, in Jesus holy name, Amen.”  If you have placed your faith in Jesus Christ and meant it with all of your heart, you are now a child of God and will go to heaven. Now that you are on your way to heaven, you should attend a bible believing church and follow in baptism..
He was clearly defending himself in the video.
Tbh if there was no such thing as the "internet" none of this would be happening
Give the full story
Damage the Daycares! Destroy those terrible racist and capitalist institutions!
Everyone in this comment section has no profile pic, tf is that
I saw the video and it looks like self defense to me
Silly protesters thinking all this will make a difference
vigilante riot.🤦
"People running away" THEY CHASED AND ATTACKED HIM FOR FUCKS SAKE!
This is all a bunch of distractions, something big is gonna happen soon.
Trump have made a great deal with God that all the Americans will go to heaven in the next four years.
Guns are not freedom..never was ..who started selling guns to public?where I am from if you are caught with a bullet not even a pistol you are done 1to 3 yrs
The black man been telling you for decades the media is fked up how they made the black man look savage an evil an now y’all see it when a 17 yr old white male in the streets with an AR15 defending himself killing 2 wounding one 🧐 ( what property does a 17 yr old have that he has to protect ) do you think the parents should be charged as well 🧐
He was defending himself
Let's establish protest "zones" where these rioters can go. The best part is the police will stay out of those zones (what they want) and they can just kill each other off with no legal consequences. I am serious.
乱了乱了
Silence, news
0:44 Carrying a gun is not malicious.  It is a right.
Media is so stupid nowadays if you wanna inform, inform well you stupids idiots.
The main was fearing for his life.  Watch the video.  Everyone yelling get his ass and they chased him he fell then he shot those trying to get this ass.
Someone is directing that kid. Please LOCK HIM up and prosecute him. He will tell.
I hate hearing about stuff like this it makes me soo sad why can’t we all be ... together and live everyone I hate it when the world becomes a place where we feel we can’t be safe
Don’t be a thug if you can’t take a slug
Common sense is not Common anymore.
All he had to do was listen to the protesters and he wouldn’t be a wanted man right now💯
You mean, police helped remove a legally armed citizen for defending himself against thugs trying to kill him! FAKE NEWS MEDIA is causing all the problems!
This would have never happened if the DEMOCRATS would gain control of their cities and supporters. But no, condemn the guy for defending himself against these animals. These aren't "protests." They are an excuse to rob, steal, beat and kill. And it isnt a fight for equality. It's for superiority. They're all puppets being controlled by their political masters and they dont even see it. Being manipulated by the agendas and false narratives of politicians, supplied through media. The hypocrisy, double standards, manipulation, brainwashing, corruption, greed, etc, needs to stop. We need to stand together in unity to fight our corrupt government. Because they are the ones who cause these things. Its ancient Roman tactics. Divide and conquer. And when the citizens begin to rebel against the government, give them a new enemy or fear to keep them occupied elsewhere. WAKE UP PEOPLE. BEFORE THE CORRUPT ELITE PUSH US INTO ANOTHER CIVIL WAR.
I notice they didn't show the shootees chasing and attacking him
More black people have shot or killed other black people during the riots than cops shooting or killing ANY race, but let's ignore all of that and blame any white person who refused to bow down to the BLM fist even though most rioters and protesters have no damn clue about what the ACTUAL BLM movement stands for so let's beat people who don't want to put their fist up unless they aren't white. Let's fight for freedom of speech but beat up and silence anyone who doesn't agree with us. Let's get Trump out of office just to put two corrupt puppets who want to let terrorism and violence run free so long as it benefits them.
I wish I would've met you Now it's a little late What you could've taught me I could have saved some face They think that your early ending Was all wrong For the most part they're right But look how they all got strong That's why I say hey man, nice shot What a good shot man A man Has gun Hey man Have fun Nice shot Now that the smoke's gone And the air is all clear Those who were right there Got a new kind of fear You'd fight and you were right But they were just too strong They'd stick it in your face And let you smell what they consider wrong That's why I say hey man, nice shot What a good shot man A man Has gun Hey man Have fun Nice shot
Protestors do not break the law. These aholes are RIOTERS, and they are asking for it. If these criminals come to burn my home I will defend my family, home and property lethally. I advise everyone in a castle law state to do the same.ITS YOUR RIGHT UNDER THE CONSTITUTION!
All this happening under our “law and order” president. He sure is good at keeping the peace
Yall are peasants.
Why edit the video to make Kyle out as being in the wrong? Start from the beginning. show the full video and let everyone see how Kyle was trying to protect property. Kyle got attacked and was forced to defend himself against a white guy with a covered face. When this guy got shot Kyle wanted to aid the guy who was shot but the protesters miss understood the situation and gave chase to Kyle with bricks and pistols. Kyle was again attacked kicked, hit over the head and was about to get shot him self by a guy with a pistol. Kyle again had to defend himself. After this Kyle went straight to the police. Please people don’t believe the news. Look for yourself.
They deserved it!
I love how the title hints at a psychotic mass shooter. When in reality, he was practicing self defense. I'm so sick of the media. Always pushing the agendas of the political masters who supply their funding in exchange for pushing propoganda upon the citizens. I wish everyone would wake up and realize that the media and politicians are to blame for the state of this country. They fill our hearts and minds with fear, false narratives, and hatred toward one another, so we end up fighting our fellow citizens instead of fighting the corrupted elite. Wake up sheep. You're being lead straight to the slaughter house.  Also, if you're going to chase and threaten my life, I will shoot you too. The Democrats are so hypocritical.
Those poor people just want to be treated equally
Hi guys. I am from Russia and recently BLM movement got so huge that even here everyone is discussing it. Being far from the agenda I can still understand why it's happening and even defend some of the motives and intentions of BLM and protests in general. But two things are bothering me and I can't wrap my head around them: 1. Why media is so biased and never provide the actual information, most of the times try to hide something or even reverse?  2. How does BLM movement justify it's violence. Do they have any valid arguments?  Because so many people outside of the movement support them and majority of them are white (including celebrities).   Can someone explain or share their thoughts?
My friends this world is set up in way that you will never understand. See we as people only believe what we can see because our whole lives we been lied to so it's hard to extinguish a truth from a lie. This is true God created us in the beginning of time when he made us he said it is good. God has a enemy his name is Satan he was once a Angel of light beautiful and glorious but his pride made him darkness he tried to take over God's kingdom of Heaven but God kicked him out of Heaven to earth. So if you are loved by God what do you think his enemies want they can't destroy God so who will they destroy God's love which is you his precious creation. God seen how mankind chose the way of Satan he is a liar and thief and murderer and deceiver his goal is to destroy us and blind our eyes into thinking God hates you. As it is written this is love not that we love God but that he loved us and sent his son to be the means on which our sins are forgiven 1 john 4:10 read your Bibles friends that book is worth more than life itself. God is a good father he says Don't do certain things because it will destroy you. He told cain that if you do well will you not be accepted but if you don't do well sin waits for it's opportunity to rule over you. That's what you see here my friend the work of sin leading to death. God wants you to live but it's a choice and that choice is this repent of your sins and Go to God and ask for forgiveness and accept the blood atonement of his Son Jesus that cleans you of all your sins . my friend you will be born again not of flesh and blood but of the Spirit of God.
Sadly this reminds me of the movie The purge.
Obviously they didn’t see the full video the “shooter” (17) was running away from 4 other ppl with hand guns. They knocked hit to the ground and started stopping him.  That was the moment he started shooting from the ground on his butt. He gets up and more ppl start shooting as he’s walking away towards the police.
Why's the media acting like shit going blazes is normal, they look insensitive in that way
So now more people have died from these protestors than from the Jake Blake shooting...
This will only get worse as the nation divides due to the misleading media and herd like mentality of people.
3 people shot during the *pRoTesT* gtfo here
They were assaulting him molotov cocktail, skateboard to head and one had pistol and the other one ground stomped him....they all deserved it
Keep in mind the majority of these comments are Russian or Chinese bots...
Congrats 2 people were killed while protesting one killing of a person not listening to police while grabbing a knife
Cannon Hinnant, David Dorn, Veronica Baker Jessica Doty Whitaker, Rasheen McClain, Lena Nunez, Jasean Francis, Charles Francis, Sha'India Harris,  Greg Lewis Danyal Jones Angelo Bronson John Tiggs Lazarra Daniels Keishanay Holden Sharrod Turner Jaliel Jackson Darius Jelks Tyrel Clark Jaquan Newman Tommie Gatewood Maurice Jelks The black Americans who were murdered in Chicago on May 31st.  When the first cop breaks and hurts a protester, after 90 days of being treated this way, I will go a march in support of him or her.  Antifa flys the same flag, as the Communist Party, in Germany, in the 1930's.
Why didn't you show the part of the guy who he defended himself jumping on his skull while he was on the floor and trying to cave his head in with a skateboard. It was self defence.
All media is controlled , don't believe everything you see 😕
I’m so sick of these rioters and looters using peaceful protests to hide their agenda to divide and destroy.  If the government is so preoccupied with their own agenda and politics, tie their hands due to lack of support or social pressure, then what course does anyone have but to protect their property and their lives themselves?  It’s too bad that it had to come to this.  I believe BLM is more than justified in its core mission and intent but the movement has been hijacked.  Just as we demand police reform, BLM needs to be reformed or be policed by themselves if they really want to be taken with more gravity and actually make a difference for the better.  Certainly this is not it!
Media
Haha YOU ARE A LYING SACK OF DOODOO! “Shoot running away from the gun fire??”  The guys that got shot were stomping on the 17 year old on the ground. They were also armed themselves!  IF YOU WATCH THE FULL VIDEO ITS CLEARLY SELF DEFENSE.
Are they still protesting oh it is the old one
Militia-type suspect = terrorist
Sad :( 1 survived :(
Terrorist:  a person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.  This “protector of business” is a right wing terrorist influenced by blue lives matter and right wing propaganda.   The left should arm themselves to protect the protesters during these protests, especially if the police are going to coordinate with right wing terrorists.
It seems like you gotta be real stupid to chase after a guy with a gun and not expect to get shot.
Operation Mockingbird. Look it up people. NOW!
So sad USA government fight with it’s own people 😔
Everybody is on to y'all media...your done!!
Shoot them all
5A景区，加带力度🌚✊🏾✊🏾
Ролик получился радостным добрым а главное позитивным 🤟✝️😍💪😌☝️
Nobody has them being out sorry not sorry white black idc if your out causing a riot making a scene you deserve it you should stay home with all this covid shyt goin on
These r doctor, nurses, teacher n so on. They have big dream. The future of America 🇺🇸. Wake up people.
“Remember... no American.”
Do your research. It was self defense
Call it a riot you morons.
Shooting victim how about violent aggressor shot in self defense
Everyone watch the video from the conservative hypehouse, they made a great timeline of the events
So.. there was a shooting.. then a protest about the shooting - where there was a shooting.. Will there be another shooting in protest to the protest shooting?? Very confusing to non-American people.
Sad to see the states in such turmoil
加油,伟大的美国,加油,我们地球村的杠把子.希望更多这样的美丽风景线
Joe Biden & Antifa is doing these Stuff , in order to defame TRUMP !
this is exactly how all the other british colonies collapsed,white violence hatred and ignorance.these are the last days for the american british colony and police state.
What the F is going on!?
Spend a Gazillion dollars per year on Military and "Defense" .....keeping America free and safe
So the media just won’t say that the shooter was defending himself and a local business when rioters attacked him, one with a skateboard leading to the skater shot in the arm, one in the head, and other (?). He was not a militia. He was protecting and serving his community
The police colluded with the shooter. "Protect and serve" What a fucking joke.
The most beautiful scenery！
all these brainwashed people in the comments bruh..
If Bide is elected president, the United States will be divided, after all, the United States is white
I want for all to read about the Islamic religion and watch the videos of Yusef Estes
The video is not too graphic, it doesn’t fit your narrative. Straight up self-defense. Stupid rioters and looters got shot by a man who was protecting himself and property. End of story. It’s like these media outlets forget we can’t find these videos elsewhere on line and decide for ourselves.
They wanted to destroy the city and destroying people's property then hell yeah shoot them all. Police can't protect us then armed citizens have to. Only civil lifes matter
Looks like a peaceful killing
You did not show the whole thing you are a disgrace
You also forgot to mention the part where the “shooter” was decked in the head by a skateboard and stomped on by other “protesters”. Or the part where one of the “protestors” attacked with a Molotov cocktail contraption. Stop endorsing terrorist groups!
THE MEDIA NeEDS TO BURN NOW PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!
Police life matter...!!! Black life matter, respect the law , respect people,  enough it’s enough..!!!
Racial discrimination will sooner or later cause another civil war in the United States
NO,NO,NO, COPS NEED TO GO..WE DONT NEED THOSE PEOPLE, THEY CAN GO PROTECT THEIR OWN, WE CAN PROTECT OURSELVES, YOU THINK WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE THAT..PLEASE YOU CAN TAKE THEM AND PAMPER THEM AND GIVE THEM MEDAL AWARDS, WE DONT NEED THAT.. WE NEED REAL MEN ON PATROL. NOTT WOOS.
It’s quite easy to brainwash fools The MSM have caused and benefited from racial and political division. They Sow the seeds then watch them grow. The sheep all bleat along. Burn your cities to the ground and then watch it all over on CNN    While they justify it and call it peaceful. .
Should've bin more. Gotta let these people know bullets aren't racist.
No lives matter
THEY WANT MILITARY EQUIPMENT FOR WHAT SHOOT PEOPLE WITH BAZOOKA?
EXCUSE ME IM GOING TO GO THROW UP.....
TRUMP HAS A JOB FOR ALL THOSE COPS IN WASHINGTON, HE NEEDS YOU WE DONT, WE CAN DEFEND OUTSELVES, WE HAVE BIGGER BALLS THAN THOSE SCARY COPS SHAKING IN THEIR BOOTS. ANY BODY IS A MACHO MAN WITH A GUN.
They need to stop calling these protests and call them what they are... Riots.
JUSTICE MEANS JUST THEM.
KILLING THE WRONG PEOPLE BUT WAIT TO THEY GET YOUR FAMILY.. WATCH HOW A WHITE BOY WALKS WITH A MACHINE GUN THEY DO NOTHING WHAT YOU CALL THAT?
“Peaceful protest”
Check this out : maybe it’s is the best time for aliens to show up for an  invasion. Maybe that will unite us , but Thts a big ass maybe .
Y'all forget that if you destroy properties and objects that there is reprocustions.. You aren't getting away with anything. Its funny on how entitled y'all are now. You ain't doing nothing except making yourselves look like animals. You are gonna keep getting shot if you do illegal things
N  Word Destroy USA 😥
Imagine dying because you want to go out and supposedly "protest peacefully" and burn shit down/riot...
Hero
And the dude the cops shot was asking to be shot. How stupid are people? I know, they r extremely stupid. How many more r going to be lilled? I know, alot.
Since when is killing commies frowned upon
Idk man things are getting out of hand if we all could just get along and work together things would be great there will be always racism and assholes in our country but as far as WE the people ... we need to start working together again all of us ... Because there will be a day when the government wants to kill all of us and we will have to work together
Every day of American freedom and democracy, when you go to the streets, you are either killed by robbers' bullets or by police bullets.
The man shot at the end of that fire fight was running towards the man with the air 15 with a pistol in his hand pointed at the young man on the ground. Good job news media for giving out this 17 year old name I can't wait to see the lawsuits
you left out a lot of important information, like how one of those guys pulled a gun on the kid while he was running away.
Let me guess... cnn SAID IT was a peaceful Protest???
Rittenhouse showed amazing discipline and skill.  Literally shot the arm holding the gun he was about to be killed with FROM THE GROUND.  Well done sir!!! 🇺🇸
Protests == Mob
THEY WALK WITH THE BOTON  UP THEIR KYSTER.
That 17 year old should be given a medal, for standing up for his community against domestic terrorists.
I’m gonna say it sounded like a cap 🧢👀 gun 🤔
Show the whole video. What happened before the shots?
Why was this goof walking around with a rifle for? He doesn't even live in that city or state for that matter. Someone tell me what he was doing there?
its time for  white to stand up
"protest"
These are the facts, an armed kid was chased by a convicted pedophile rioter who was throwing shit at the kid, the kid shot in self defense. 3 fellow rioters saw that one of their comrades was put down so they gave chase, when the kid tripped they stomped and beat him with a skateboard but he shot the attackers. All of his actions were in self defense. The media is now using this incident to brainwash the ignorant that it was an evil nazi killing peaceful protesters.
What police has to do with the shooting? It seems like this young man was chased and than he killed someone. Did police shoot him afterwards or..?
Blast every hooligan out there so called “protesting”
This comment section is cancer everyone’s saying fake news like this is a editorial station 🤦🏾‍♂️
MIKE PENCE IS TAKING ALL COPS TO WASHINTON, THEY WILL MAKE THE GROUP BIGGER AND THEY CAN HAVE A COMBAJA WITH THE RACIST COPS. WE DONT WANT THEM, NO LONGER GOING TO SUPPORT COP THAT KILL PEOPLE IN OUR FACES.TRUMP YOU CAN TAKE ALL THOSE  DISCUSTING COPS. THEY ARE HITLERS SONS AND DAUGHTERS. TIME TO WIPE THEM OUT.
MAGA...
This is just the beginning, I could see this coming. The left wants war, well you just seen how ugly it is.
Nice editing... shot running away? No sir, he was trying to execute him with a handgun. We have all seen the whole footage and know you are being dishonest.
Just curious, for the people responding, what state are you from?
Like the Democrats said we will stop  Riding burning businesses if you electric Biden  if not Americans get use to this after trump's gone there be hell to pay.  That's why all the news narrative talks over important news to push their narrative on to you. Instead of letting you here with your own ears and making your own decisions we are not capable of that so they think
Jacob Blake - police were called to the scene of domestic violence because Jacob has forcibly taken a woman’s car keys and he had an outstanding warrant for arrest. They were there to arrest him. He was not trying to help I’m a domestic violence situation. He fought officers and resisted arrest, then pushed his way to his car and was reaching for something under the front seat. The audio is now available. The video only shows part of the full situation. A full investigation is definitely needed. Rushing to judgement was the wrong thing to do and Kenosha residents  have paid a terrible price.
No news on the protests or anything else but you do you love pushing the DEATH of others. FAKE MEDIA
Everything is going to shit
Who approved a full white militia to roam the streets with semi automatic weapons while mostly minority protesters are out?! Why does a 17 y/o have a gun anyway?! Why are you trying to kick a man with a semi automatic in his hands?! This is kinda getting scary that people are so split politically that they’re blind to the faults on both sides.
Why were people still doing the black lives matter protest
People need to chill in our country
It shouldn’t take 3 days for Kenosha to get on YouTube trending.
This is a disgrace. A bunch of young stupid people playing war and being ill informed, selfish, anarchal, violent, criminals. This crap needs to end. What about the business owners, and the people who live and pay taxes in those neighborhoods? This is unacceptable. This is not about any good cause, this is opportunistic individuals using something to be violent. You are not going to make anyone agree with you or respect you or listen to you by being horrible people.
Peaceful Protests end in peaceful gun shots.
Wait this is still going on?
Oooooooohhhh, this is in my home town....
This is what the elites want blacks vs whites...basics just chaos
Lolololol
Why don't you show the whole video where they're beaten a shit out of him and hes defending his life. I hope your career is very short. Fake news!
Cuck News
the man is not a suspect.  that mans not a criminal. he needs to turn him self in because it was self defense. if he had not used his weapon he would have been beaten to death.
Look at those cavemen go ........
Get ready for more of this. Patriots won't tolerate domestic terrorism.
Why didnt you guys show how the crowd that was running after the guy started jumping him, while 1 person in the crowd hit him with his skateboard, also explain to your viewers about the castle doctrine in wisconsin. I have a feeling this kids going to start suing
Imagine getting shot by a 17 yo
Wow the headline does not do this justice. THREE SHOT BY WHITE MILITIA, TWO DEAD.
Nobody cares
* *Rioters*
good video
Wait... What ?
RIOTS! stop with the peaceful protesting bs!
"Protests"
It’s scary to see that the majority amount of the people in these comments are defending this kid what happened to us man
Imagine defending a wanted felon who has domestic abuse, sexual abuse, disturbance, carrying firearms while intoxicated history who didnt even try to comply.   There's a reason why police being called
All of it.Bullshit.Lies.
We have Milita forming vs Rioters looters. This is gonna happen many americans are coming out and protecting. We are gonna see a Civil War soon against these Antfia/Rioters. People are getting tired of these looting/burning private properties
Any excuse to riot and loot.  CNN and other Mainstream Media is the Enemy
You guys know he illegally crossed states lines with that weapon and is illegally open carrying it under the age of 18? Wisconson is 18+ only. He's not even from this state, he came looking for trouble and he found it. Ruined his whole life and 2 others.
Dude was a medic and attacked for helping people but had a weapon on him people tried to swarm him he shot a guy but stopped the same guy then tried to charge him again so the guy shot him again what is he supposed to just sit there and let it happen just like the white that got kicked in the head and killed because he was white and in the middle of a blm protest as people screamed blm while killing him honestly the propaganda of every news station I swear this is why you shouldn’t listen to the American abc’s meaning the letter news station BBC isn’t America and it covers the truthful side of things honestly
You mean the convicted rapist Jacob Blake who had a knife in his hands before he got shot? Good job police!!! And the kid on the floor only tried to protect himself..... i would have done the same.
God dayyymn murica u buutifull
Fake news like come on if you seen the whole video you know what happened but the news only tells you what they wanna tell you and what they wanna show you only 🙄
Show's a burnt car then says demonstrators.....NO YOU STUPID SOB! NOT DEMONSTRATORS! DOMESTIC TERRORISTS! All the kid did was defend himself and people's property. IMO i believe more of these types of shootings/ killings will happen because people are scared for their lives and the destruction of their property. You cannot speak or negotiate with BLM terrorists.if law enforcement's hands are tied by the Democrats we the people will have no option but to defend ourselves and our property. BLM is laughing at the white pawns being used to push forward their agenda. These same white people will be eaten alive by the BLM if they gain power. Wake the F up and vote Republican on Nov 3rd! Or be prepared to live your life walking on eggshells. Never thought I'd see the day that the Democratic Party would be pushing socialism, Marxist ideology down American's throat's.
Riots... not protests
A bigger hoax then George Floyd's death😂😂they tryanna make you loot and riot like a bunch of idiots again
I stand with Jacob Blake this is bull he was defending himself free Jacob Blake
Police Brutality At Protest Of Police Brutality
2020 is wild man
people defending themselves....nah?  You can't report that?
Muricaa, fuk yeah
I don't get it , did the police shoot or they shot each other , so many guns it's hard to follow ...
I burned down my local daycare to show my support........duuurrrrr
l just wonder how tax paid officer's manage to arrest/detain certain men with high-powered guns, which have murdered.   But manage to murder certain men with no high-powered gun's.  Crazy thinking right.
What they won't tell you is that he was armed with a knife
To the person that's reading this: you're very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy during quarantine,,also can you help me reach my goal💜
2 KILLED ONE SHOT BY 17 YEAR OLD BOY FROM NORTHERN ILLINOIS
Don’t believe the news! Look what the media caused with the George Floyd scene, watch the actual 30 min video of the police body cam of George Floyd’s arrest he was high af on crystal meth and fentanyl, resisted arrest over and over, and prior held a pregnant woman hostage at gun point
this is garbage.  you should be ashamed of yourselves as journalist and Americans.
Dishonest reporters!
Fake ass news media. The Footage you refused to show that dude got attack by a mob
Ok just to help some of you get some context here.   This kid came from out of state to come and help defend and protect the community or whatever. Why he came doesn’t really matter anymore because the situation has spun so out of control and despite what some people are saying he had a right to be there in Wisconsin. So What ended happening was he was being chased by a group of people who were vandalizing and destroying a car lot. He comes over trying to stop them and is immediately chased away, while running away one of the mob members threw a Molotov cocktail at him and the rest we’re wielding hammers, bricks, and pipes. After some running he turns and fired a round but misses, the guys keep chasing so he unloads on one of them. He then fired warning shots, tried to stay and call the police but was later chased by the mob again. He gets hit in the back of the head with a brick and later two dudes try stomping on him so he shoots one, while this is happening someone else was pulling out a pistol to shoot him. He then shoots the mans shooting arm in the elbow, damn near blowing it off. He then proceeds to walk to police who by now have heard the gunshots. The police drive right by him not knowing what has happened and he later turned himself in later that night.   Now I don’t want to cause any further divide between my fellow citizens by saying this but... I think this was self defense, especially if you look at some of the other vids before this which is not shown in this video. I’m just sad to see so many Americans fight amongst each other :/
My Son is an Angel, he never hurt No-one🤔 He was just reaching for his knife...Huh? BLM are so Dum and  stupid. This is why no one Respect their Protestering anymore. These Animals don't even know why they are Protestering anymore 🤔... They just want a reason to Burn Loot and Murder
Should have complied... Play Stupid games win Stupid prizes
Can someone tell me why people are protesting for a guy not innocent fighting police & trying flee?... Oh the media, okay.
And you wonder why people yell fake news, smh
We are sitting bagging white people to do what we can do for ourselves.
Don't change the white man's mind—you can't change his mind, and that whole thing about appealing to the moral conscience of America—America's conscience is bankrupt. She lost all conscience a long time ago. Uncle Sam has no conscience. They don't know what morals are. They don't try and eliminate an evil because it's evil, or because it's illegal, or because it's immoral; they eliminate it only when it threatens their existence. So you're wasting your time appealing to the moral conscience of a bankrupt man like Uncle Sam. If he had a conscience, he'd straighten this thing out with no more pressure being put upon him. So it is not necessary to change the white man's mind.  Malcolm X
Anyone who is reading this will be successful in the future.
" In serious but stable condition " That's true for the whole country in 2020 also
Stay patient and righteous family. Don't let the game divide us please! I have my weapons but not for you... I have anger but not for you. Defeating an ally is confusing and worthless. Lawless victories
Something needs to be done about this fake news. They aren't telling the full story
Wow, slanted reporting much?
They're spinning this shit so hard. I want off this ride
What i saw that young man just defended himself from aggressive mob. One of them had gun.
Remember, no wisconsinians!
Something must be done with antifa to get them off our streets
KILLING OURSELVES ARE YOU GUYS TRYNA GET THE MILITARY ON OURASSES
"BLUE LIVES MATTER" needs to be regarded as a terrorist group! A CHILD, a 17 year old boy, was indoctrinated by his family to be so HATEFUL that he MURDERED nearly 3 people in the street!!! Come on AMERICA.  We need to band together and defeat TRUMP and his HATE MACHINE!!! Biden sucks but at least he is a civil servant and not a bankrupt x-billionaire trying to win back his family's fortune by political favors!! TRUMP WANTS CIVIL WAR DO NOT GIVE IT TO HIM!
I don’t care who did what. You don’t shoot a man 7x in the back up close
I was self defence
This is straight murdder he put himself out there with a gun wanting to get a reaction so he can shoot someone in "Self Defense" I sometimes feel like I'm the only on that can see
美国人民不给力啊，有枪也不敢用枪来反对暴政
Year 2020 is the worst & disasters of the century. Is brutal, chaos, nightmare. This year 2020 is going down to history. Last month I lost my job. Last week my car was tow. Today, I just kicked out from my apartment. I’ve lost everything. What next? Gotta hold my head high & stay strong. I have plans but I’ll leave everything in God’s hand.
He was running after he shot an unarmed guy in the head, you clearly didn't see the video of him standing over the guy he shot while talking to someone on the phone saying "I just killed somebody"
This is 100% on Donald John Trump.
The media and democrats are not on the side of Law and Order!
The shooter was justified....but these mobs don't understand, obviously because the are protesting a ligit justified shooting by the police.
“He was shot while running away”.....right! Maybe in the 80s 90s....not in todays world. The news media doesn’t realize that anyone of us can really see the truth? Doesn’t look like it.
This is exactly what we need to police for as we get floods the world they don't understand anything but valance and you want these people on the street killing people are you on and Jill your drawings
This is what the media calls protesters, looks like an all out riot to me.
I hope they are okay
Literally to the 1% who’s reading this God Bless you stay safe and have a wonderful day.❤️my dream is to become a famous YouTuber.
self defence; they deserved it.
handgun in the rioters shot up arm at 0:35...
The medias are making use of this event.
Report as misleading
TGEEZY #1 FULLSUPPORT  Justice!
They were defending themselves. Don't believe this nonsense. The reason why people are able to have a gun is for self defense. Not just to have a gun to have it.  I honestly hate it when someone attacks a person is then when they pull out a gun they're surprised. Then the person that was attacked is said to be in the wrong.
Why are the media ignoring the VAST MAJORITY ?
All these mfers are protesting for a scumbag that sexually assaulted and raped a minor. The real victim here is the young girl that he sexually assaulted let's get it right he's not the victim. 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤮
@ ppl in the comments: be honest... if a black man with a machine gun showed up to a right-wing rally and people were killed (regardless of whether he was attacked or not) ~ you’d call him an Antifa terrorist
Lol, America’s gone to shit
Media are the enemy of the people. Show the real footage, not your left wing edited garbage so you can get more advertising revenue from insane deluded left wing markets.
World star hip hop has the whole video. Self defence, but he had just shot a man in the head at a petrol station. These clowns bring it upon themselves.
To add to that story, the shooter was not a local, he was from ILLINOIS
Fun fact: black lives matter will never win
young man was there to help any potential victims and protect the city... he got attacked and defended himself.  there are frame by frame breakdowns of about 10 different angles on b.v... educate yourself.
If only Blake had enough brain cells to obey the police orders...
Christian 68
American soil is a battlefield.
freedom！freedom！freedom！
From what I’ve read a go fund me was started for the kid and they took it down immediately. The kid was being attacked and a man was trying to shoot him with a glock and so he defended his life. Every person who has even a small knowledge on this topic should see all the footage before jumping to a conclusion.
Best solution to end racism: scream at random police officers who're just trying to feed their families.
The whole (no lives matter till black lives matter) movement is the stupidest thing I have seen in a while it's shouldn't matter what your skin is all life matters. They should be fighting for equality for everyone no matter what your skin looks like. We are all human beings. And before someone says well they are being racist against black people well here is the true different racist have been victims not just black. Native Americans almost got wiped out of there home land, Hispanic people are look down and they don't get justice cause they don't have papers, the Asian community had to suffer in ww2 cause they were look at as enemies and put in camps, the Jewish people where being killed. The whole point is all life matters so if you stand for equality you shouldn't say other lives don't matter
a man who was shot but will still be alive only paralyzed got the whole news go crazy. But A 5 YEAR OLD INNOCENT CHILD who was shot and died and the media and news were silent. Hmmmmmm......
‘?????????’ Is all I can say
The shooting was in self-defense
The city knew what was happening funny you guys didn’t show all of a sudden armored vehicles were there so what does that say ???? Someone knew damn well what was going on and what was expected. No police dept is ready with freakin TANKS let alone 3 of em
White boy doing Trump's dirty work, racism is thriving under the KKK leader in the White House!!
Looking at stills where we completely ignore the person holding a pistol.
This is communist mindcontrol on a mass scale destabilize the US to win the election unfairly.
Charge those riot organiser for all the damages
THE MEDIA IS THE ENEMY
Man all the media does is lie they don’t show all the video where he’s attack and he wasn’t a militia member he was just protecting a private business from being burned and looted. This is self-defense plain and simple.
Wow the comments are something else.. if the shooter was black and he went to a trump protest and shot up people..and the crowd tried to restrain him they would be called heros
they left out the part of him being chased by a crowd getting a molotov at him btw one of the guys chasing him had a pistol lol
this sounds and plays like the mansion massacre report scene in nightstalker, you can almost hear the producers in his earpiece saying "really PUSH the fact that three people were shot"
Omg
Jesus Christ saved my life, five year poly drug addicted junkie, repented and quit all drugs I was on (heroin and kratom, bud vaping nicotine, all day everyday) struggled for 5 years without Jesus. First month after I became saved I'm entirely sober. QUIT BASHING GOD HE WILL TAKE YOUR SOUL AND RESTORE IT BACK TO WHEN YOU FELT LIKE A CHILD! I've cried more in the past month than I have in 10 years, only difference is that they're tears of joy! Demons are REAL and they play spiritual warfare on your mind, stay consistent in prayer and Jesus will deliver you but you HAVE to want it!
If u won’t take control we will!!!
All deserved
i dont know man. Im just feel really sorry. About everything that happaned in your country. I dont know how to say this, but May God Bless you. ❤️
Omg 🤔
there's so many people saying this reporting is really bad and "a bunch of propaganda" but it's really not. that side are so quick to call these out for fake news or propaganda or not showing the full story. in this incident, those people defend the kid even though there are multiple news article and reports that clearly state that the kid purposefully went to the protest will ill intent. even the police gave a statement that they got a warrant for 1st degree homicide which means the kid planned to go there will full intent to kill people. for people saying the kid was attacked for just holding an AR-15 as a defense, that is a weak defense because what else would it mean for someone holding a long rifle go up to a protest and confront them? it was obvious enough for the group to understand the kid wanted to hurt people and even the police understood that. another argument i've seen is that the police is protecting the left. you can clearly see in the video that the protest is about the innocent lives the police have killed and you can see that the police are set up in the middle of the street to block the protest and confront the protesters, so it doesn't really seem like they're on the side of the left. for the people attacking the person who got shot even though he had a handgun, you can't make a defense where the reason for the handgun owner to get shot is because he had a handgun and pulled it out of his pockets because then you wouldn't be able to defend the kid with the ar-15 for being seen as a threat (which he obviously was to the point where the police got a 1st degree homicide warrant for) if you can assume having a handgun and taking it out of your pocket in response to an obvious threat than someone who showed up to be a threat
Why was the guy even holding a gun in the first place lmao. He was going to get attacked no matter what.
GD people Fight back like your lives mean something.
Reminder, that kid was 17, literally drove to another state with a gun, KNOWING what he was gonna do.
media is the enemy
Cool.  Keep it up
What a beautiful scenery！！
Real life call of duty
lol and some Americans supported Hong Kong rioters destroying the city, now they know what it feels like for people who live there every day. Hilarious how this could be a poetic justice XD
And he walked away freely and police did nothing, it’s always normal
they will try anything to put Biden in power😂 middle class iPhone owners protesters.
We should take over the media and take their jobs. Trump 2020 four more years!
They really looking for race war
To whom even see this comment i prey 4 you to find peace and joy in your life
So, peaceful protesters try to burn him alive with molotov cocktail beating him with skateboards and kicking and pointing gun at him.... so peaceful.  Again, media treating people dumb here.....
Is this the America？ I thought us citizens had much high moral Or those guys causing the riot ain’t real Anerican？？？🤔
WGN: *Releases misinformative and untruthful news*  WGN: *Gets assblasted for doing so*  WGN: *Surprised Pikachu face*
He was there to protest, and he has a right to do so like everyone else. also he didn't start shit, he shot the first guy because he threw a Molotov cocktail at him.  then he started running toward the police to turn himself in but he was attacked by the mob, and even then he didn't shoot them until they were literally stomping on him then he only shot 2 of the attackers and ignored everyone else.   The kid is a true patriot with an amazing self control and his parents should be proud.
Let’s all just relax eat corn and sing together 🌽 forget all our problems and just be happy. Corn is love
3 PEOPLE WERE SHOT... IN SELF DEFENSE. 1 Pointed a pistol at a kid with a rifle sitting down... 2 others tried to attack him for defending himself to mob stomp him. 1 person pummeled him after he had tripped. 1 Person hit him with the metal trucks of a skateboard which is a deadly assault. 3 People were shot indeed 3 people who tried to hurt someone that was armed, were indeed shot 2 died because they tried to hurt someone who shot a man in the arm for pointing a pistol at him. Get the facts straight.   I found another video that sheds light on an attack on him BEFORE these attacks. He was being pursued by a very agressive guy who was chasing him and threw at him what they think was either a molotov cocktail or a plastic bag. PRIOR TO THIS this young man was trying to STOP BLM rioters... From Destroying cars at a dealership and thats when he was pursued from what ive read after the man threw a molotov at him he turned and shot the guy apparently striking him in the side of the head which resulted in his death ultimately. As for the 2nd man killed Im not sure which one died. All of these were shots in self defense.
Militia type suspect because of his ar15? Lol, funny how before the shooting there was footage of him admitting the cops would "push the protesters" back towards him and that the police would leave. Also weird how they'd have a mouthy reporter go on saying nothing but not show the few seconds of actual footage
Well at least they aren't pretending he's a white supremacist anymore.  That shit got old after CHAZ
Your demonstrators had a pistol pointed at the kid with the Rifle...  After he shot at a man who threw a molotov cocktail at him for trying to stop them from destroying a dealership it never went off no word on rather or not it was in fact a molotov but he was being aggressively pursued by that man and he did in fact shoot him and its believed he is one of two who died.   He fired because his life was in danger with a pistol trained on him... He DID NOT KILL THAT MAN. He shot in self defense he got up and calmly started making his way towards police up the block... Then the video cuts and some girl is chasing him and they all say he shot someone!! GET HIM!! As he begins to run away after being hit from behind by the pursuing female he then starts to run trips and falls and they scream GET HIM!! Then he is pummeled by a man that appears to be almost jump kicking him. He fires in self defense then another "Demostrator" as you call them runs up and tries to hit him with a deadly weapon "the Trucks of his skateboard" in the head before he fires again in Self Defense then gets back up and continues towards police with his hands up! Then some guy in the crowd starts screaming to the police THAT DUDE SHOT SOMEONE!!! As if he was just down there shooting people for no reason when in fact he was in fear of his life after having a gun pointed at him and then pursued and attacked by a pursuing MOB OF VIOLENT RIOTERS!!! IE TERRORIST WHO SET CITIES AND BUSINESS ON FIRE AND SHOOT AT CARLOADS OF FAMILIES AND HAVE SHOT AND KILLED A CHILD AND PARADE THE MURDER OF CANNON HINNON. THAT IS WHAT REALLY HAPPENED... Go and look at the real video not this CUT Video which makes him out to be an active shooter shooting into the crowd of Peaceful protesters... Who had a gun pointed at his head....  Lets talk about the multiple gun shots fired from various other weapons after the shot fired in which he defended himself shall we? Where did that lead go?  KEEP IN MIND THE KID HAS HIS MUZZLE POINTED TOWARDS THE GROUND THE ENTIRE TIME AND ONLY POINTED THAT GUN AND FIRED IT AT ATTACKERS WHO POINTED A GUN AT HIM AND ATTACKED HIM. EVEN AFTER BEING KNOCKED DOWN THAT MUZZLE STAYS POINTED AT THE GROUND MEANWHILE THE POLICE THAT CAME IN... MUZZLE SEVERAL PEOPLE WHO WERE NOT AT ALL INVOLVED NOR ARMED... He had better muzzle discipline than the responding officers... Yet you make him out to be a shooter and vigilante with an AR15 assault rifle who shot three people and killed 2 when he DID NOT DO ANY OF THAT UNPROVOKED.
You should be embarrassed to call yourselves journalists
Kid did what the cops should be doing.
So he can walk around with an AR15 shoot 2 gets tackled shoots another walks past police an Jacob Blake did what? It's our skin color that makes us look aggressive right fuck if you can't see a problem
If you read this spread the message, idc if you copy or claims this btw i have to say.  2020 has been one of the worst years ever for me, and y'all so people stop spreading negative news spread more positive news because people posting stuff like the world is going end, and stuff isn't the way to go. we can't judge ourselves or decide our fate only god judges us always remember that, and stop protesting racism is forever going to be here, and other emotions like hatred why because we are already in hell but we are not suffering for eternity so we have a chance to make amends, and gives ourselves to the Lord our saviour he loves everyone no matter who we is as long as we submit ourselves to him, and ask for forgiveness of our sins, and read the Bible 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏, and abide by his ways.
I heard. That kid was having an argument  with a protester with a molotov. Which ended up with the kid shooting the protester in the head. Runs away the protesters chase him obviously shouting “beat his ass”  but obviously there goal was to disarm him by forcé cause obviously he just killed someone. But ended in this mess. Oh and I doubt that guy with the gloc was gonna use the gun on kid c’mon if he really was planning to shoot kid why didn’t he shoot while running up on the kid on the ground. That kid shouldn’t had ran away from the first incident cause if it was really self defense he would of had hella witnesses.
The man had a sexual assault warrent and a history of violence.  Plus what he was doing to the woman the call was about. They don't tell you that on FAKE news.
TITLE: criminals served justice while being criminals. Hero kid wrongly accused for defending himself first when they threw bricks at him, then when they chased him.
I can’t say I would have not done the same if I’m getting chased threatened and assaulted by a mob of people and oh yea they didn’t show the whole video
Why don't they show the part where the guy is literally being chased down and attacked..
Remember who owns the media, and remember they hate both of us whites and black alike. Do not let them divide us.
Nancy Pelosi : "a beautiful sight to behold"
👏👏👏👏.
R.I.P. to peaceful looters
i’m pretty sure all the people claiming that he’s innocent and should be freed are the same people who would call an armed black man doing the exact same thing a terrorist
To every single person  on this debate/page or whatever. I had a civil (on both sides)  conversation with two different people and it is GONE, There was nothing racist, no threats, totally coo...which is great! It is gone. All I'm saying is wtf...I'm not going to claim conspiracy, but we ALL should be worried about the disappearance of civil discourse.  LITERAL disappearance
Black life matters? It matters No need to say😂
Why are ppl still protesting? This is useless
Apparently one of the guys that 17 year old shot in Wisconsin, Joseph D Rosenbaum who attacked him at the car dealership, is a registered sex offender with an an additional extensive criminal history in Wisconsin.  The guy that hit him with the skateboard in the street apparently has several domestic violence convictions to his name.  And the guy that he shot in his arm, the one that had the pistol that was going to shoot Kyle, is a convicted felon he was not supposed to have a gun at all.  The only one I've ever been able to confirm so far is Rosenbaum as he's on the Wisconsin sex offender registry. And I have not named the other two yet because I don't have that documentation for them yet. But it's coming
This is not a “protest” this is a violent riot, and that man had every reason to shoot the aggressors as he was being attacked, once again blatant propaganda from the media.
Now is the time to revolt and rise. Now is the time to get revenge for hundreds of years of slavery. Rise my brothers and sisters!!!!! It is not time for peaceful protests. It is time for a Revolution no matter the cost! It's now or never.
The United States seems like such a depressing place..
Trumps America.  Legit we need him out. This is the worst year I have ever lived through.
Is people chasing an armed person to beat him up considered protesting now? Webster needs to update the dictionary.
The video that was “ too graphic to show “ show the true story of what happened.  And by editing it this way, self defense is turned into “ a malicious attack”.
Kid was attacked by 3 dudes, the one carrying the pistol was a felon not even allowed to carry a pistol in the first place lol fuck them
These protests are ridiculous
Yuri Bezmenov was right...
Whr are the BLM protestors mostly white?
Btw they let the shooter go for the night
Nothing like throwing your life away at 17 to own the libs.
Ho sad
For all of you in the comment section talking shit, if the police hadn’t killed another unarmed black man then none of this would have happen!
For all of you in the comment section talking shit, if this kid didn’t bring a gun to this protest, none of this would have happen
They really shotting people protesting it
LYING PRESS!
Self defence. One man had a gun about to shoot him, another was going to bash him with a skate board. Another stomped his head after he fell. What you missed from the riot footage
*THEY LET HIM WALK BY POLICE.*
Fake news
You want them on the sports basketball court and not on the streets!  Disgusting mentality of a society devoured by hatred and racism !.  Grotesque !, to shoot a family man from behind in front of his children 7 times !.  Disgusting to say that he can draw a gun !.  We are human! Why should spar do that!?.  No, the point here is that the friend and helper sees us as animals, there is no empathy whatsoever.  In no other continent are citizens shot because of a trifle!. That was murder again !.  The whole world saw it !.
No Trust No  Love
For full context,the first guy he shot at the car dealership tried throwing a molotov like device at him and then tried to bum rush the shooter,the shooter tried running away but he kept coming and was then shot,The second guy was trying to hit him in the head with a skateboard after the shooter tripped trying to run to the police line to report the shooting and turn himself in after the initial incident but was followed by the mob. The third guy got shot in the arm after he tried to fein surrender by putting his hands up while the shooter was still on the ground but then pulled a gun and pointed it at him.  Dont take my word for it though,there is raw footage of all of this from multiple angles available and everyone should watch the footage themselves and come to their own conclusion  Update: From the footage and audio of the initial incident its appears someone else was shooting at Kyle(the shooter) from the crowd just before he shot the man charging him,this coincides with an autopsy done on the charging man indicating he had more wounds than times that Kyle fired, most notably a shot in the back which penetrated his lung.  As well,pistol guy who was shot in the arm is going to be keeping his arm and is up and active,in a now deleted but screencaped facebook post made by a friend of his who visited him while he was in hospital ,pistol guy said himself he regretted not killing Kyle,he has not been arrested or charged with anything at this time.  And last,the molotov like device turned out to be a plastic bag filled with unknown objects.  Bonus fact: The molotov guy was a convicted pedophile  Bonus facts update: skateboard guy was a convicted domestic abuser and pistol guy was a convicted felon for burglary and theft and as such was not legally allowed to possess a firearm. Again,this is all publicly available.
August ain't done yet
WOW! the media is so dishonest
Patriots listen up. this kid is to be considered a POW. Take as long as you need with this and plan his rescue carefully.
For the people saying he was defending himself the chasing happened AFTER he shot and killed somebody the next killing happened when they tried to get him for kill some and he killed someone else. The parts you are bitching about being cut out either started recording after the incident started or holds no relevance because this illegal gun holder from another state was part of a militia that was working with the police and attacking protesters
Why don't you show the REAL damage? WGN used to be a good news station. Gotta follow Daddy Gs dollars though.... can't show the real stuff it might upset the socialist demo-graphic or demo-cratic agenda. To those who lost family I'm sorry for your loss. There was no need for this.
Lmao 🤣
They dont want to show the part where the guy was getting chased down and defending himself but ok, I see what this is..😂🤣
For anybody who wants to claim that the victims struck first, the video of the two guys chasing down the shooter didn't happen until after he shot their friend in the head. Its literally IN THE POLICE REPORT. He crossed state lines with sole intent of starting trouble with BLM protestors, and after he killed two people he ran back to Illinois. If he was standing his ground or protecting his property, why would he run? All of you are so quick to condemn Jacob Blake for not listing to a police officer, saying he got what he deserved. But jumping to the defense of a man who committed premeditated murder.
Literally to the 1% who’s reading this, god bless you, stay safe and have a wonderful day🥰my dream is to become a famous YouTube
WGN SUCKS... biased incomplete coverage.
It's so easy to claim something is fake news when you don't wanna believe it
It's not a protest, it's terrorism!
Its starting to really unravel in US. All it takes is one nutjob with a gun. Stay safe down there American bros, hopefully cooler heads prevail and this is an isolated issue.
Journalism is dead
Many bots here, be careful. Think for yourself come this election!
#2 on trending and is being torn down for fake reporting as always! Haha! I love people sometimes.
Morons.
The news guy got asmr voice
Damn.....they got HD......
0.34
Play stupid games, win stupid prices.  These guys need a job. It really is simple as that. lol
Trumps laughing at America while he takes our tax money. Stop killing each other and vote him out.
Absolute garbage the way this situation is being portrayed in this video.   First off, nobody in this video should have been there. Lets get that straight. Now:  After the first justified shooting, when he was cornered in the car lot, the 17 year old was running for his life, literally, when he was knocked down, kicked in the face and nearly swarmed by a blood hungry mob. He stared shooting the people attacking him. They were going to kill him. The "unarmed" coward in this video feigned surrender then pulled out a handgun to murder the kid on the ground. The kid shot him in his arm and he ran away. WGN, you should be ashamed of yourself. You are the problem.
Nancy Pelosi:"A beautiful scenery line"
Protest for one person being shot and now two die in the protest 🤦🏽‍♂️
Reasons to live  1. Because you care about the world. 2. There’s a lot to live for. 3. You have dreams to fulfill. 4. Life eventually gets better. 5. You’re afraid of death. 6. Because you can flip your life around. 7. Because people need you to live. 8. Because someone out there loves you. 9. For religion. 10. To help someone worse off than you. 11. To find the perfect job or career. 12. To fall in love. 13. Because there’s a reason we’re on this planet. 14. You want to experience future music, movies, games, technology, cars, buildings etc… 15. You want to make an impact on the world. 16. Food, pleasure, and comfort. 17. To enjoy beauty and art. 18. To mature. 19. To learn more about people. 20. To earn money and rewards. 21. Vacations… To explore and travel the world. 22. To create something of value. 23. Because our bodies are designed, programmed, and hardwired to live. 24. To experience good and bad. 25. To finish the story. 26. To party and have as much fun you can. 27. Because you are responsible for people (and/or pets). 28. You have goals. 29. You enjoy being happy. 30. Because you love doing something (i.e. playing games, exercising, cooking) 31. To find your niche. 32. For your friends. 33. You don’t want to be a ghost yet. 34. Because opportunities are coming your way. 35. For moments that take your breath away. 36. You want to carry out your destiny. (Whatever it may be.) 37. There is someone you want to meet. 38. Because everyone else is living. 39. To share wisdom with a younger generation. 40. To strengthen and help others reach their potential. 41. Because. 42. To experience change. 43 To become a better individual. 44. To prepare for death. 45. Because you’re obligated to live. 46. To surmount an obstacle. 47. You want to do everything on your bucket list. 48. Because you’re supposed to leave your mark on the world. 49. The pleasure of success. 50. You love yourself. 51. You love your life. Even when things aren’t going well. 52. To see if there’ll be world peace. 53. To see how strong you are and how strong you can become. 54. Because life really is good. 55. It’s your duty as a human to live. 56. For thrill and adventure. 57. Because you’re too young to die. 58. For addictions. (The good kind I hope.) 59. To beat your rivals and those who ever doubted you. Show them who’s boss. 60. To make others laugh. 61. Maybe to get revenge on someone. 62. To finish collecting something. 63. Because there’s so much you haven’t done yet. 64. People are believing and counting on you. 65. That feeling after making someone else’s day. 66. For the little things (driving, getting some air, walks on the beach, grocery shopping, etc…) 67. To recover. 68. Because it’s not time to die yet. 69. You want to set an example. 70. Because no one else can breathe for you. 71. Because life is short. 72. To make more memories. 73. To prove your worth as an individual. 74. Because you want to enjoy and make the most of your life. 75. To serve your country. 76. To give love and hope. 77. Because you can! 78. To be better than you were yesterday. 79. Because there’s no one else like you in the world. 80. Because you belong here. 81. Because the world is your oyster. 82. Because your parents and guardians wanted you live. 83. To leave behind a legacy. 84. Because you want to figure out what life is all about. 85. You like a challenge. 86. Because you are unimaginably amazing. 87. Because you only get one life. Once it’s gone, it’s gone. 88. You want to contribute to society. 89. To pursue happiness. And love. 90. Because you’re important. 91. For moments that make you laugh. 92. Because you have boundless potential. 93. You don’t need a reason to live. 94. To give what you owe to the world, a god, or an individual. 95. Why not live? 96. Because you’re someone people would look up to. 97. You’re supposed to live. That’s why you have a life. 98. Because you’re loved even when it seems like you’re not. 99. Because there’s no logical reason to kill yourself. 100. You don’t want to die.  Because there’s always something or someone worth fighting for.  I'm not gonna ask you to sub but if you could i would appreciate it
Love how they didn’t even tell the full story and why they got shot. One of the guys that go shot pointed a gun at the guy with the AR.
J U S T I F I E D
Vote for trump 2020 🇺🇲
That dude was chased and beaten. Don't forget the fact that one of those "protesters" tried to take away his rifle.
The guy that got shot in the arm had a gun yo
The reason the first guy died was because they were throwing MOLOTOVS at him, he fled they scene because he knew they’d pile him. And what did they do? Chase him down to do exactly that. The reason the second guy died was because he tried to take the gun away from him so they could essentially kill him, the thrid guy was shot because he had a GUN HIMSELF.    Do the research yourself “news” is nothing but propaganda for whatever fits the agenda these days , go watch the full video yourself, take in and analyze what you see, make your own. Real. Conclusion yourself. Stop being sheep . These weren’t protesters , they were rioters and terroists
If you watch YouTube with a black background you’ll get the joke
At 17 years old this young man who neither supposed able to vote or get a gun, going to another state with a assault rifle and tactical gears, to show his political passion. This is terrible, and what even worse is everyone here is fight for why they mess with armed guy. BUT WHY THE FK A 17 Y KID IS ARMED IS SUCH PLACE??????
Los políticos de Estados Unidos  están de brazos crusados  esperando un milagro  para q los 👮‍♀️ dejen de matar gente black , blancos y latinos, pues lo que va a suceder es una guerra civil
Shooting people protesting about you shooting people, warrants citizens protecting themselves against you.
Kyle is an American hero. Protect that kid at all cost.
All 4 people shot that night were convicted felons. The man shot in the head was a sex offender
Great misinform you are spreading how do you even have credintials to report this?
So if you have or carry an ar15 you are now a militia suspect. Gotcha.
"you see a man who was shot running away from the gunfire" uh.. no.. he shot people who were chasing and attacking him. Fucking media...
Don't know why some people want to change America into a second China. If you think Chinese government better, just leave America and go to China. Thank you.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Good on that guy for defending himself.
Y’all saying let him go but man was 17 with a gun I hate Republicans man I swear they be dumb as hell this kid should be locked up for life
I saw 3 videos. The guy that got shot running away holding his handgun got a piece of his arm blown the fuck off. It was narley. Like the piece of his arm that got blown off was like the size of an orange. The other guy who died was a white guy, that told the kid, “shoot me nigga, I dare you and  you’ll see what happens,” well that wasn’t a smart thing to say because he got shot in the head. Just don’t try to mess with people who have a gun on them. It’s better off to ignore them, rather than to loose your life.
i dont  buy your story
Self Defense, more media lies
So in order to stop more killings y'all get more people killed and it'll be justified when news calls it a protest? Yeah pretty stupid in my opinion
Why did he shoot the girl
Freee himmm
Hell be off Scott free god bless him & send all those clowns to jail with covid
Peaceful protesters attack day care,burn cars, chase teen with gun,and end up dead, whats the problem?
Sad how people are not buying into your MSM crap of a narrative.
I'll save you the time. Dont read the comment section.
It's all so tiresome
Wow are people finally waking up? Hmm our last roadblock of idiots is Twitter.
Just read this. Sadly, the trend of fatal police shootings in the United States seems to only be increasing, with a total 558 civilians having been shot, 111 of whom were Black, as of July 29, 2020.
The more of this crap happening the more people are realizing how awful the media is. At least there is a silver to all of this.
It’s so great to see nobody’s buying the lies of the bullshit merchant brigade that is legacy media anymore. Fucking no good half-truth peddling, footage editing, fibbing, dribbling, backroom wheeling and dealing stone faced LIARS!!!!!!!
They cut the part where he was getting beat down
Riot*
People are going full retard in this comment section. This kid traveled 20 miles to go to these protests and shoot people. There is no justification. There is no "misinformation". Plz educate yourselves
I'm surprised it's taken this long.
This comment section omg. NO ONE deserves to be shot and killed what?!?
LOL KEEP DELETING MY COMMENT STUPID ADMIN
They let the kid roam around with the AR cause basically on same level  of training as cops all he needs is a badge rn ... bet if he was black things would have ended differently
The media and BLM are the enemy of the people. It's all lies and propaganda.
Everybody got shot in america 🤣😂
Just make sure you tell the whole story and show the full video. You have the full video. You're showing edits from it as B-roll. There's no excuse for the bat guano narrative you're pushing.  Dude was getting chased by a mob, running away, and he tripped. Two men jumped on top of him and those two men were the ones that got shot. The shooter then ran to police and surrendered. That b-roll you've got a 0:46. That's literally seconds after the shooter came calmly to those officers with his hands up to surrender. Clear cut self-defense. Too bad the kid lives in Antioch, Illinois and the DA there is corrupt as hell. She's going to make this kid's next few years a living hell because she's a racist tool bought and paid for by the Hungarian billionaire who must not be named. That is, of course, if the hate mob these "journalists" are enabling with a false story don't torch the kid's family's house with everyone in it first.
Kyle Rittenhouse protected himself correctly
YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK "TRUMP" should say that "RIOTERS" should just "GO AWAY" and "DISAPPEAR" AND MAYBE they might "disappear" like CORONAVIRUS.
See yall need to stay yall ass home protesting anit gona help✌🏽
kkk
Several reasons can come up for you to contact an hacker one reason could be to “hack into your spouse phone probably your gut tells you that your spouse is cheating on you. i was faced with such a problem about a week ago i was directed to contact Hackloop606 @ gmail. Com after talking with him and relaying what i wanted him to do for me he told me not to worry he collected some information from me and told me he’ll get back to me within 24 hours after waiting for about 10 hours he mailed me and yes he was done with the hack he gave me all the prove and evidence that my wife was cheating on me with this i was able to confront her. That was enough to convince me not to ever doubt my guts contact him now for any hack related services and get the guaranteed solution
If Jacob wasn’t stupid and not walked to his car when cops r aiming guns at him he would of been fine
"2 killed, 1 wounded in protest over police shooting" that title needs a comma or something. Cause if you don't see the end of the  title. It reads  as if police killed these people lol
About time the guns come out....
Typical Biased coverage,, listening to the Sheriff during a press conference, he's a piece of work by spewing, "maybe? The shooter is one of those militiamen who asked to be deputized that day" what a turd to make a wild assertion like that just to appease his masters the press, politicians and the mob rioters!
How did a 17 year old have a gun let alone be there in the 1st place?  violence starts at home I feel so sorry for those people that lost their lives to a trump supporting vigilante.
Buddy showed up to a protest with an ar got a Molotov thrown at him so he killed the guy then got chased down the street then killed another guy and shot a few other people... this kid is def gonna get first degree murder idk what America you think you live in
Militia called bleu Line matters
Right to know laws State laws that allow employees access to information about toxic or hazardous substances , employer duties , employee rights , and other workplace health and safety issues
Bro please it’s peaceful I swear, please please it’s just a little scuffle it’s definitely peaceful
WHAT a Crock for eithe side to even be present, much less be deemed  to be acting in the "right.'    Who the hell is Watching The Children??!  How would either jackass realky  Know??   Chikdren in dire NEED of Proper Attention NOW to even  br Notuced  as Missing.  I see NO damn "heroes" here. That couls ONLY be the ones Rescuing thousands of Children from plans to causebthrm a Helluva LOT Worse than "just" their deaths. This is INtended to Distract ftim that incredubly grum Fact.  Priority for some criminal guy's comparatively Easy death Too Late to protest while thiusands of looooong caged and horrificly tortured Children with Neither of these retards having shown a bit of concern for.Protesting and Interfering BEFORE Too Late.  Both sides have a Loooong History of not only Allowing Gross Neglect of Trafficked Humans, but also Enabling it. KNOWN simentime now that drug trafficking and human trsffucking are THE Top Two Crimes in dire NEED for SOMEbody ti DO Something about it. Instead, these "trades" have Depended On both of these categories of  DUSgusting  THUGS, neither of which should be armed  because, SOMEinr around euther WILL Die with the facts about such a drath viberef uo to Serve and Protect the Guilty. This is reminiscent of when San Antinio PD Gangs finally "had to"  just stand back and LET two OTHER gangs kill each other off.  Shamelessly Shameful!
Pls guys don’t fall for the media and celebrities thinking that it’s about BLM movement it’s not a movement it’s their ways of their goals to make us go crazy with these riots again. if we didn’t have these riots in the first place more deaths wouldn’t happen
Must have been the AR-15
🖕🏽
If guys want more info, just go in reddit
When everyone thought 2020 couldn't get worse.
Justified shootings
Wah I want this and I want that wah!! Quit crying saying y'all are the ones being attacked. Your the ones that keep breaking the laws so what's going to happen...suck it up people quit blaming others for your own problems
One of the people he killed was a sex offender
When will police be sought out and murdered? When will the tables turn? ⏳
Hell yeah get more of them
Just nuke us already were not gonna survive this
People wanna riot?  Guess people wanna die then.
I may not support Trump, but this is exactly the reason why he will be re-elected
White kid with gun KILLS 2 its "OK" Unarmed Black man shot 7 times it's "OK" I thank God that i was born with COMMON SENSE to see whats going on in this country
all those protests in usa are ridiculous. im against it. they cause more problems than the problem itself.
As the saying goes, play stupid games you win stupid prizes
That white boy didn’t get kicked in the head. He’s a hero
Should punished all fake media. They are really enemies of America.
Lol, these people protesting over a guy resisting arrest?
Watch the whole effin video and you'll see...
Just 2 killed? hah, should 've been 200+
There was mo protest here whatsoever.  It was a riot by ass clowns who were all criminally violating curfew.  The so-called BLM thugs are indeed domestic terrorists who should be arrested and federally charged.  Their violence towards the elderly, the police, would end rapidly in Republican run cities. It would rapidly end if BLM was foolish enough to attempt their terror in Middle and rural America.  ALL lives matter.
I just wanted to let you know..:
kids a hero...!!!
I don't know who needs to read this, but this is past the point of no return and the comments in this stream reflect a serious issue of division in America.  Half of y'all are making this political when this is about a pissed off community that had a civilian murdered in what they believe was unjust.  While one side points the finger of the opposing sides media, their own media is doing the same sh*t with different branding.  We are ALLLLLL being brainwashed against one another, and if you think that YOUR immune to it, you probably drank the cool-aid from the bottom of the barrel.  Wake up, America.  This is the beginning of a race war.  Don't get tricked into thinking you have to pick sides. Divided we fall.  We are all humans and we are all American's.. Please, don't feed into it.   This mentality will destroy America.
They made this a joke
I hope everyone's staying safe right now
95% OF PROTESTERS THEY JUST GOING TO MARCH BECAUSE IS LIKE GOING OUT TO A PARTY BECAUSE THEY  LIFE IS SO MISERABLE  ALL THIS WILL BE  OVER WITH A SIMPLE NEW LAW   YOU RUN  YOU GET  SHOT  YOU FIGHT YOU GET MAN HANDLE  LIKE ANIMAL JUST LIKE THAT
Everyone should report this video for misleading information. The kid was being chased down the road by other people one of which had a pistol
"a militia type suspect" yes, I'm sure that's what the police said. Our media is so full of shit.
The guy that was running hit the man with a skate board before the man shot Him.  Why was that not shown?
This comment section is why I have no faith in the American Educational System. SMFH idiots defending this guy and villainizing the protesters as always.
They forgot to add that the shooter lived because he was white
You, news people, did this, you divided us, hope it feels good.
Justified.
Police arrest the white gunmen that have shoot people  but shoot the unarmed Jacob blake.
This is a beautiful scenery in America！😁
A first world country about to become a third world country.... all lives matter because we all bleed 🩸 red except aliens 👽... so kill the aliens
🤔 If ppl pretend there's a pandemic and stay home, this wouldn't have happened.
I hope everyone sees the real full footage of rioters literally trying to hunt down a 17 year old and he has to fire back in self defense
“Loot back” lol
Firefighters don't give tickets and catch the correctional guys
Sad 911 to
Police should do a rally of how to properly voice grievance in this beautiful country the system that causes this should make proper adjustments for the people
The mayor or govenor that is allowing these riots to organize and accomplish thier mission should be held accountable for all this damage.after seeing all that this domestic terrorist army formed and assisted by all the democrat leaders in our country, has done disguised as peaceful protest
With all the things going on in the world.. I just wanted to say          Stay safe, be happy, and lets fight all this with love!
Self defense
Lie after lie. When will we realize? The media cannot be trusted. The government cannot be trusted. The banks cannot be trusted. The rioters cannot be trusted. The entire system and situation is corrupt by design. YOU are the target of their lies, and YOU will take the brunt of the resulting violence; the haves will set the vicious mob upon the havenots and abandon us, fleeing to their ivory towers and private security details to watch as the world burns. The pandemic has proven this. Protect yourself, protect those you love, and seek the truth. We are living in hard times... This is not fiction or conspiracy, this is reality.
The amount of white people trynna make up lies or excuses to defend this boy is crazy
Protesters don't burn cars & destroy property. They should have stopped this crap immediately. 🇺🇸
He was being chased and assaulted by rioters with guns. You can see that in a still too!  Meaning, he is trying to run away!! Say it like it is!!
Wow! This is crazy!
I support the movements idea, not the movements practices. The media isn’t helping it by lying about shit all the time. You want a protest, go ahead protest, don’t mob, don’t riot.
They don't like antifa over there. Thank God.
Idoits. All of them. Tell me what came of the floyd protests...what? News coverage? People treating it like a trend? Protests are useless, peaceful or violent, they never make a difference, just more blood  and meaningless commotion 😒
I remember in 2016 all the Democrats were screaming "you can't allow Trump to have the nuclear codes, he'll  start a nuclear war!" Yet they are okay with Biden having the codes and he can't tell the difference between his wife and sister! and the way they attacked Kavanaugh yet Biden gets a pass.  I'm voting for Trump.  He's not my cup of tea as a person, but he is MUCH safer.
I remember reading it was an Antifa scumbag that was killed. Good riddance.
BlackLivesMatter
There was another police shooting in Minneapolis
Why the heck are sports canceled
cops were in the right more then likely
This needs to stop this is stupid
Could you tell me again how many people were shot? I hate the bias news just telling us what they want us to hear. Just tell the truth as it happened and not what you want us to think happened. Are there any honest news reporters anymore?
DON'T VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS! or stop complaining.
Regardless of where you are in this debate, this KID should not have a gun. He can not be using one especially if it's an ILLEGAL firearm.
The kid that shot them was a Antifa member people thought unknowingly were starting trouble. If you see the entire video it will show you that things just got out of control. They were on the same side
I love the fact that these militias exist, it shows that the Blue Lives Matter movement is just another extremist group like Antifa.   It also shows that Blue Lives Matter is a racist front for white supremacist to hide behind and they don't really care about human life, they care about keeping people in check and are using protests as an excuse to hurt people they've ALWAYS wanted to hurt.   Nobody ask these thugs to come to these communities, they arent protecting nothing. They came from the boondocks to bother people and they drive from other states just to mess with people. Whoever supports this kind of stuff is a scumbag who just wants blood in streets so really you aren't any better than the rioters. I'm sick of these dudes acting like their better than Antifa or the looters while they're walking around causing more tension in communities they're not even from or were even invited to.
Vigilante = Hero
Clear case of self defense. Free Kyle!
Glock ain’t gonna do you any good, we tried to warn you folks.
Bro, why is everyone defending this shooter? Yall really think he was defending himself by willingly walking into a protest with an AR15 and deliberately shooting people?
Yeah yeah. Totally peaceful protesting. Anyone who says it is is ignorant
During riots* they missed that part
Definitely a good idea to harass an armed dude. What a great way of “calling for change” at a “peaceful” protest.
So this terrorist was brought in alive, but a guy who went into his car was shot in the back 7 times?
This guy is a hero!
not necessarily the news 🤐 in real life,gotta love it
How do you like Democrat Socialism so far?  Right now we have Democrat Mayors ordering police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beat in the streets, monuments destroyed, Antifa and BLM (the founder is a Marxist, the media is trying to conceal this fact) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit. A sneak preview of a Biden/Harris administration. These attacks on our cities are accomplished under the guise of "freedom of speech" but in reality, it's the freedom to commit anarchy on a wide scale with leftist city & state officials turning a blind eye.  If Joe Biden is elected President America will be on fire.....only Biden won't send federal officers.  Democrat Convention?  All you heard at the Democrat convention was how horrible the American people are and how we must change. They bash President Trump constantly and that's about it for the convention. What you did NOT hear is anyone speaks of their platform of the Democrat party. Seems odd, doesn't it? It is so bad they must talk about anything else but what they're going to do. Not a word of the unrest in Democrat-controlled cities across the country. The fact Democrats are trying to sell Biden & Harris as moderates show what they're afraid of.   Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far-left platform. Biden has stated he is a" progressive," he must follow the radical left’s agenda or he won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Sheila Jackson Lee, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal. (This is the core of the socialist's wing of the Democrat party) and is firmly in charge, not old, confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to Kamala Harris and those mentioned above.   Biden / Harris Platform & Goals:(Do you know?)  Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party."  *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients, and their families with a cost of billions to taxpayers.  *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Police funds will be distributed to other programs. If Biden is elected you will see de-funding law enforcement countrywide.  *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer-funded with one estimate at 52 trillion)  *Massive tax increases. Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to.  *Sanctuary Cities & States. Biden & Harris supports sanctuary cities.  *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden & Harris support.  *Reparations for the race’s harmed by Caucasians. Biden & Kamala Harris committed to Al Sharpton to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up)  *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE. Funds used for other programs. * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs.  *The Second Amendment will be under attack even more under Biden. Biden stated, "Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar," Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns."  *Ending of all private / employer-based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything. This is Kamala Harris's baby. Kiss goodbye to your healthcare plan if Biden/Harris wins.  *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden & Harris.  *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer-funded with estimates in the billions). Bernie Sanders's plan adopted.   *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country immediately.  *Open Borders.  *End all deportations of illegal aliens immediately, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations.  *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden & Harris endorsed  *Destruction and erasing our history.   Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious reasons
Self defense 🇺🇸🇺🇸💙💙
They need to get shot again
Ah yes the peaceful RIOT
I didn’t know defending yourself from a mob was a crime.
Check out Yuri Bezmenov's interview...this is literally what he had told in his interview...It's all played...conspired by the commies
Free him. 3 isnt enough
They literally cut the footage in half. This is so wrong and corrupt. I have no sympathy for the people who got shot, they won their prize.
Ofc it was at 63rd
Self defence but unreasonable force, under age, and not his property. Heck, he's not even from Wisconsin!
this video is such bs
Wake up wake up wake up and check out (Stephen Darby: presecution of tru Israel on YouTube) this is what this is all about ⏳
Militia type person.  Guess the Liberal Hive-Mind So Called News did not learn the Slander lesson from Nicholas Sandmann.  Looks like its time for another lawsuit and sue all these Liberal Communist Propaganda Channels out of business!  I'm sorry but he had every right to shoot those guys and id have done the same thing, If I was on the ground while some mob was trying to kick me in the head.  The guy was probably a property owner trying to defend his property and i'm telling ya as for these RIOTERS AND LOOTERS!  YOU PLAY STUPID GAMES WITH ARMED MEN DEFENDING THERE HOMES YOU BET YOUR ASS YOUR GONNA WIN STUPID PRIZES!  I don't care if your White, Black, Green or Red you try to kill someone deadly force is gonna happen and i'm sure not gonna convict any man defending a friends property or there own if i'm on any Jury ill nullify it or hang it!  These Democrats Communist POS people need to be behind bars.  AS soon as one Law was broken all of them should have went to jail!  You have the right to protest but NOTHING THEY DID WAS PROTESTING!  If you go into a bank with a friend that robs the bank you just as guilty of bank robbery as he is.  That legal standing was made 100 years ago time to lock them all up every person PRESENT AT THAT RIOT!   And they should be using camera's and arresting every one of those Rioters that was there Earlier that left before the arrests!  Why are we not letting the people out that were smoking a little Ganja or selling it to make room for these fucking Commies!?!?  We all know these Democrat Mayors and Governors are standing down the police because they don't like trump and want to blame this on him.  If you don't know this stop breathing good peoples AIR!!  ""Lets all go vote for the people who are OK letting your house, children and business and life get Ruined over a President!""  I already took the Day Off to make sure I can cast that vote for Trump so when he gets elected I hope he declares martial law for as long as it takes to shut this shit down and lock up all these SCUMBAGS!  ANTIFA & BLM protesters have BECOME TERRORISTS in my book and until I see them here on the South Side Of Chicago stopping the black on black Killing Spree ill never support them!   If black lives mattered they would worry about the hundreds monthly here in Chicago that are senselessly killed by other black people.  It should be called "BLACK LIVES MATTER WHEN ITS IN OUR OWN INTERESTS BUT NOT WHEN ITS A LITTLE CHILD THAT WAS KILLED BY A BLACK GANG MEMBER!  We got 1 murder by a cop for every 5000 in these democrap cities like shitcago!  Maybe you should just think about that when you at the Ballot Box.  If your gonna vote for 47 Years Of Do Nothing, Sleepy-Stupid, Kiddy Diddling Joe Biden just stay your ass at home because you get the Ruined America Award!!  Just like Do Nothing OBAMA!  Its simple if you think Trump has done such a bad job you need to wake up and do some Research Cuz you cant think for yourself!!!  Id vote for him 5-10 more times instead of Career Do Nothing Good Politicians!
The media back at it again🤔🤔
too violent to show them bashing him on the head with a skateboard? too violent for them to show the pistol in man who “ran away from gunfire” hand? too violent to show the molotov cocktail thrown at him?
A black milita?
Aye they better show they body camera before this whole problem cycles again
People really do be thinking they’re protesting for george floyd
the comments bring me REAL HOPE
that car looks like a painting
To those who read this I wish you all the best. Have a fantastic day and stay positive 🤗
Serious but stable condition🤔  so he's fine...  he was shot in the arm.  Thats not life threatening.
Kyle Rittenhouse did nothing wrong.
I support BLM fully but some of the things they are doing isn’t ok you’re allowed to protest PEACEFULLY not go loot houses and then get mad when going to jail not go destroy cars and get mad when arrested not block streets and get mad when shot at
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there
JUSTIFIED..
The shooter is a hero and was overcharged. Shouldnt have been charged in the first place. He was protecting his town.
The only reason the video is "too graphic" to post is they don't want people to actually see what happened only that they can twist what happened to fit the storyline of the agenda they are pushing..... vigilante militia kills 2
Why can’t anyone wait for the police report to come out...
lol they deserved it
Judging from these comments people are way smarter than the news we even know more then they do which makes them look extra stupid as we can see them twist things to their fit their narrative instead of just doing what the news is supposed to do and that is to report the facts
Don't forget about the dude that got shot in the head.
WAKE UP! The Tribulations are coming very soon! Jesus will be returning near the end of the tribulations! Repent now! Turn away from your sins and follow Jesus Christ who died for your sins! All the world events have been prophesied, they have been predicted in the Bible and are happening right now! Storms, earthquakes, flooding, fires, locusts, asteroids, and rioting (lawlessness/sin). Many nations are going to form an alliance and attack Israel. There are going to be famines and tons of extreme destructive weather and sickness. The world is going to follow the New World Order in which everyone is united under one government and it will be an evil one. They will pretend to be peaceful and loving, but when the time comes they will tear the world apart and start killing everyone. "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. (Matthew 24:7 King James Version)" "And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines, and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. (Luke 21:11 King James Version)" "And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke (Joel 2:30 King James Version)" . You are all sinners, just like me! You are wicked and live in lies! Repent now or you will be thrown into the pit of fire! The wages of sin are death! "23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23 King James Version) Here is the good news! You can be saved, and taken out of the world before this time comes and be with Jesus Christ! "16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16 King James Version)" "15 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;  2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.  3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;  4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4 King James Version)" . ABC's of Salvation (How to be Saved): "9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. (Romans 10:9-10 King James Version)" Admit you're a sinner and that you need to be saved and forgiven, and that you can't enter into Heaven by your own works but by Jesus Christ. Believe in Jesus Christ truly with all your heart and that He died on the cross for your sins, and rose on the third day. Commit/Call to God with all of your heart, and pray to God. Ask for forgiveness and to be given the gift of salvation and to be sealed by the Holy Spirit. REPENT! . Then continue to walk in His light, and hold His hand and let Him guide you through life and protect you. No one can take you out of His hand. "28 And I give unto them eternal life; and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand.  29 My Father, which gave them me, is greater than all; and no man is able to pluck them out of my Father's hand.  30 I and my Father are one. (John 10:28-30 KJV)" . "40 And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. (John 6:40 KJV)" . Thanks be to God forever and ever! Glory be to God forever and ever! God bless you! God bless President Trump! Amen.
wait... he killed two people. how can you defend him?
They call these riots protests lol. This kid has no choice and the other kids probably thought they were fighting Nazis thanks to fake propaganda news like this station
Crazy praying 🙏 for the 🌎
How about not bringing your gun and yourself to a hostile situation when you are not a police officer. All these people want to play cops and robbers smh
They bought that car and put it there for a good scene
00:35 you can see the antifa agresor has a hand gun
WGN you are the the most biased and fake local news station.  Dude got mobbed and he was defending himself.   I can't wait until Chicago is overrun with anarchists
This is so embarrassing watching BLACK OPS & GRAND THEFT AUTO 2020 LIVE VIRWS...WITH OUR CHILDREN
Trump supporters🤦‍♂️
only the media can make a guy knocked onto his ass, surrounded by a mob of armed rioters burning down a city... the aggressor and the dead rioters the victims.
“Peaceful protesters”
Somebody needs to start taking these new stations out
I love commies being smoked
So is that one dude still allowed to use this emote: 💪 or not?
RIP USA
For the first time in my life I'm sick to my stomach I'm done I'm cancelling all my job on schedule. It's time to join my brothers in the streets I'm Hispanic Mexican American a true native American. They say vote for change that's a lie you can't have  these people in power from both parties they created this they ain't going to fix it.USA didn't vote to get its freedom we fought for it. We didn't vote to end Slavery we fought for it to end. So I say join  on any level for True freedom our government has failed us period time for we the people to make real change. When law enforcement has become America new terrorist we should not say defund the police we should disarmed the police. The four father's wanted a nation for all people not the chosen in office our government has to be removed on levels time to restore the power to the people. When the military shows up to fix the problems that law enforcement has created, they have a choice to uphold there oath to the Constitution to join Americans against it's oppressor to disarm law enforcement by Force. The military has a obligation to protect the people from foreign enemies and domestic enemies. Americans are getting killed time to choose a side like the Constitution says by the people for  the people or you will serve your master say by government for government. Give a like if you agree with anything I said we don't vote for justice or Change you make it by any means necessary to get real freedom.
why are some saying 1 dead? why are you saying 2? can't trust anyone. truth plz
Hope the kid doesn’t get punished. He’s a hero
Why are you making him out to be the bad guy? Is tic Tok now the more reliable news source? Get your shit together and stop trying to make things worse.  The only thing he did wrong was be a year too young to have that rifle. Everything else was justified.
Anyone else sick of the media twisting the story?
They probably deserved it for being part of the proble- I mean "peaceful protest"
Great day,2 less Antifa skateboard scumbags
"peaceful protesters"
So.. there was a shooting.. then a protest about the shooting - where there was a shooting.. Will there be another shooting in protest to the protest shooting?? Very confusing to non-American people.
Stop lying
So you can see how the western media lies about China. They even lie about their own country.
Two pack smoked biggy smalls then puff weenie smoked two pack for fifty cent! Do you know what I'm saying?
F.T.P.
Wow.😱 Hello all friends.  I come from Cambodia🇰🇭. Angkor Wat🇰🇭.
Those cops baited that mentally unstable kid into murdering others. Creepy.
Who else remember let’s be cops from 2013,   Those were the good old days.
Seems that this movement has no real leader or any plans of any sort to make actual change happen. So call it what it is. Riots
Let me see...Does the governor happen to be democrat?
You know, I use to think “fake news” was some ridiculous thing made up by Trump. But now I realize HE’S RIGHT. All you clowns either hide, mislead, or ignore proper information.
😮
Dont be fooled by lying WGN agenda news they are the problem.
Self defense.
Jesus, this is ridiculous.These white and black liberals have lost their friggin minds. Is this how they are going to react every time a black man with two first names get shot by police officers?
😝
Let the cops do their job. There's no reason he should have been roaming the streets with a rifle. People tried to jump him because he was a threat.
WGN is fake news they have a narrative and agenda they edited the video so you cant see the pistol in dudes right hand that was loaded
Bruh why is this directly under a cod trailer on the trending page?
This news channel has a agenda they edited the video so you cant see that the guy he shot in the arm has a loaded hand gun in his right hand.
Rule #4: COMPLY, get home and sue their ass of necessary
I just want to watch the NBA, not always cause turbulence
Today’s media should be considered a terrorist organization
Rule #3: DO NOT REACH!!!!!!!
Rule #2: DO NOT REACH!!!!!
Does anybody see him shooting at anyone other than “peaceful protesters” attacking him?  He first shot a “peaceful protester” attacking him in a parking lot then was running towards the police line.   While running he was attacked by another “peaceful protester”, fell to the ground, turned on the ground to defend himself, then hesitated to fire at another “peaceful protester” attempting to peacefully kick him, finally fired at that “peaceful protester” (missed), turned to fire at another peaceful protester attacking him (hit), then fired at the final “peaceful protester” that was attacking with a peaceful pistol (hit in the arm).  He them proceeded to the police line.  Did I miss anything?
the ignorance and the blatant racism in these comments is horrific. video footage shows the police thanking and giving water to this man and other men toting guns at the BLM protest, in an obvious effort to terrify the protestors with fear tactics. the police thanked this armed civilian before he SHOT THREE PEOPLE.  this was NOT self protection. THIS CANNOT BE JUSTIFIED.
Fake news
There was some outrage when President Harry Truman fired General Douglas MacArthur, exercising civilian control over the military, which begs the question, why can’t we have local ‘civilian committee’ control over our police departments, with the powers to hire and fire.
Rule #1: DO NOT REACH!!!!!!!!!
What protest?  I see riots, looting, vandalism and destruction of property.   I don't remember reading about MLK protests that included any of the above and he actually made change happen.
Yet they still get walfare money and free housing
This comment section has more facts about the incident than this fake news
No mask?😒
Wow
Only 3, dang
Wow.. this kid was running away before the first shot, was being chased down and attacked so he defended himself. The media is literally evil
Give them what they want ! Destruction is all they know then eye for an eye! Put em down be done with it.
too bad he didn't take down more of those violent protesting assholes
Let’s see if these reporters would shoot a gun if a mob was trying to kill them
Wow this is some great propaganda good job 👍🏿
Not protests. Riots get it right.
Don't people have jobs,  lives,  KIDS even they should be adhering to instead of being out causing chaos and craving attention.. Get over yourselves and keep your imature asses at home!
Imagine trying to justify the cops killing someone in cold blood. Yeah Conservatives need to look at themselves real hard and reflect their priorities. Weren't they just protesting and spitting at cops simply caused they didn't want to wear a mask?
These kids are the dumbest of this generation. So Sad!
美丽的风景线
How about the part where he's getting beat with a Skateboard in the head... Yeah self defense.
-  As I understand it, from my view as a person who stays out of this dumb shit, but I could be wrong as I don't own a TV to see the News. I was under the impression that the protesters are angry with Police related events, and this was the cause for their planned progroms , depredation , and death becomming their agreed upon strategy to get their point across I assume. Am I on the right page so far? So , I hate to be that guy, but I have to know which side of the fighting was calling "Police!, Police!!, somebody get the Police!". I'm almost sure it was the looters. They have to understand something very , very simple. It does not work like that . You kids need to , you need to read more, and stop watching the fucking Network TV before its too late for any of you.
Stop calling these protests they’re riots
this kid is a HERO for standing up to the racism and violence!
Idiots
“People die at protest” Why use the word protest while stores are destroyed and fire bombs are thrown
this ALL wouldn't of happened if Jacob blake didnt resist against officers. and he fought to get back to his vehicle. what was in the car beside his kids. he really need to get back to his vechicle for something. play stupid games win stupid prizes. funny how he has a record on wisco  CCAP. it WAS justified to shot him.  if im in a situation i will shoot to kill and ask questions later.  just like the wild west. oh and a go fund me page. prolly spent on weed and crack. its not rocket science.
Trump divides us.
Burn it down 💯
It’s war now
I would have slaughtered these BLM terrorists with my own hand.☠☠☠☠
These are riots not protests.  And there are numerous videos showing that man was defending his life and the property he was at from a mob of people.  People were throwing fire bombs at him.  Another man ran up to him with a pistol and when the kid was on the ground someone tried to steal his weapon while others were shoving and stomping.  Do your Job you media moron.
i love it when they only show the parts that make cops look bad
Grow up
Should have shot all the protesters before killing each other, would have done the public a huge favor. 🤦‍♂️
Peaceful protestors with their peaceful guns and peaceful fires,    I see no riots here
Dudes a hero and a model of how all these BLM terrorist should be handled.
SWAT ❤
"Mostly peaceful"
Trump 2020
Why aren't they arresting the white guy who killed 2 black protesters? Cops saw him kill them and he signled something to the police.
1:19 that sign is pretty stupid
Kid was 17 shouldn’t hAve a gun. Kid at fault
Peace and justice will never be attained through violence
Back at it again with the peaceful protests.
idiot there no protest there all dum people taking advantage of something that was good
Just another day in the USA.
Doesnt look like protesting but just more of the same rioting b.s.
the police should just use force with the riots and no force with the protest
I’ll the three men who where shot by police where all resisting arrest if they listen to the police they wouldn’t be dead right now
Jeremiah 23: 20 The anger of the Lord shall not return, until he have  executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the  latter days ye shall consider it perfectly. 21 I have not sent these  prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied. 22  But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear  my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and  from the evil of their doings. Family, we must repent and turn from  wickedness. The waterspouts clouds, the tornado of fire in CA, this  plague! Time to repent!
We want the cops to stop killing but they continue to do so smh
I wonder if the police also killed these armed militias?
Where's the outrage when a white man is shot by the police?
media is the enemy, they cant report the whole thing that happen.
It's baffling seeing these people out day in day, don't they have jobs?
Why didn't you mention the part where the first person who is shot runs up and side kicks him in the head while he is laying on the ground and tries to take his gun?  Scum bag news station.
There's a difference between a hate crime and police doing their job Rodney King was a f****** hate crime trying to arrest somebody that has a warrant and a numerous pre-existing rap sheet is a different story
Karma
Good shoot!
leftist wgn keeps calling looters and rioters, "proteters"...
Honestly this was never about BLM it was about police reform cause the police force sucks. It’s not just black people being killed unjustly, get that out of your head.
Blm, and antifa, get ready for a whole Lotta this shit..well armed Americans are fed up with this lawless bullshit. It's coming to a place near you soon.
They were ATTACKING HIM! STUPID MISINFORMING MEDIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHOW THE WHOLE DAM VIDEO WITHOUT EDITING IT STUPID AZZ MEDIA! The media is incapable of telling the truth because their lies pay the bills. Perpetuating the lies keeps them in business bottom line, but they will pay the price sooner or later.
Violence solves NOTHING...
A 17 yo kid can run away that easy
Well that's wtf they get. Show the full video of him being attacked while FULLY KNOWING he had a gun on him. Fake ass media this is exactly how y'all portray these "shootings" the mf was a criminal to begin with and had a knife on him THREATENING the cops and was told MULTIPLE times to stop resisting arrest but of course people want to act like they didn't see that part or know about that but only view the non full video of Jacob being shot. Stfu
I finally understand how beautiful it is when happening in US, isn't it, Nancy Pelosi?
This was a 17 year old KID getting chased down and assualted. He should be let free for defending himself against multiple attacking men 20+ years old. If he didn't shoot they would have beaten and shot him too death. Just like small business or elderly should be carrying to defend themselves against stronger younger rioters. I dislike cops but when you see a women or a business owner get beaten by these animals then you will wish a cop was there to protect the innocent.
Self defense, looters should be shot on sight
How about show the part where the white boy was yelling at white guy in maroon for standing with black people. the white boy saying "why are you with them you should be with us."  Then when the guy in maroon starts running away and that when the white boy shots the guy in maroon in the head which set the people off so they chased the white boy down. That's what happened.
By any chance can anyone help me out ? I jus lost my job bc covid our restaurant wasn’t gettin enough people/$...I intend to try an get unemployment I relied on tips I have cash app $allyboy23 🙏🏻 like I said I intend to apply for unemployment but idk if I’ll get much bc I was a waiter and relied on tips..🙏🏻
BRO THIS IS ON THE TRENDING PAGE AND HE HAD TO SAY WISCONSIN LIKE THAT??? WHY!!! WiscOnsin. Everyone already thinks we talk like that.
Good for them trying to kill the guy chasing him with guns and all three of them got shot
Jesus is coming soon!  Change your mind about sin, and accept Christ as your Savior. He gave up His position of glory in heaven and came down here to suffer, then He died on the cross to wash away all our sins. Three days later He rose from the dead to prove that He was the Messiah, and that He really did pay for our sins. Believe in Jesus’ redemptive work on the cross, and you will be saved! John 3:16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Why are they out there with guns?!
THE KID WAS DEFENDING HIM SELF
How do we get him out?
We want Justice
Literally 99% wont see this, but if you do god bless you and have a wonderful day. I have been struggling to get 200 subs anything helps😇🙏🏼😇❤️
It wasn't a protest. It was a Riot! There's a big difference between the two! Play stupid games, win stupid prizes!
Two people, who now go by was/were pronouns, attacked an armed man and paid for that stupidity with their lives, the third man who tried lost a major portion of his arm.  If BLM/ANTIFA keep playing stupid games, they should not be surprised when they win stupid prizes.
All because some moron was resisting arrest and cop was trying to do his job.
17 yr old white teen as the shooter...yawzer
Three lives destroyed here. The 17 year old who will be sent to prison for murder and terrorism and the two people he killed.
cops let a child carry a gun openly during the protests and y’all are commenting about the protestors? you don’t see what’s happening here really????? jesus christ know the real enemy
King Von isnt from 63rd
Where in the holy hell is that 17 year old kids parents?! He almost killed 3 people ,sadly 2 did actually die and that little boy is out there running around playing "im part of a militia". Im so furious at this.I dont care what political side your on, no kid should have gun like that and be out there "defending" gas stations from broken windows. 2 people are dead because someone isnt watching their stupid kid like they should.
30 minutes away from me
Aww shii here we go again
This is a planned murder. Now imagine if the protestors had guns with them with they are protesting. DOUBLE STANDARD
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine
Yeet
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine
17 year old uses illegal gun to murder people. The comment section: he was doing America a favor by exterminating criminals.Yall people are backwards
He wanted to get out there and kill some people and I wouldn't be surprised if there having a party at his house right now...Had he been black they would've shot him 24 times...Truth is truth...How that happen???
The funny thing is in most situations when a person of color is holding a gun they're automatically criminalized and seen as a threat. But when that same individual is white, everyone is told they were just doing it to protect themselves, or individualize the person to having some mental illness.
US is becoming one of the most dangerous developed countries in this world.
Seems suspicious to me.  Kid hit with skateboard...any damage done to his head?  Guy shot..who was attacking with skateboard...falls calmly and dies after being shot point blank with assault rifle. No names mentioned of the victims so far. One guy shot in arm ..that is the only thing that seems somewhat legit.
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Those rioters got lucky they were not dealing with me and they were dealing with a child i would have killed many more than what that boy had done i would have gone on a killing spree HUNTING rioters and Looters and blasting them i would make sure i personally ended their life
That was an illegally firearm idiots
That’s a 2000 ford focus
He just prtected himself after they attacked him for protecting his city
Deadly shooting?  Ok I must've missed it.  The man was there to defend the businesses and property like other militias that were there🤔
4 people were shot. Hear the guy yelling in background MEDIC MEDIC MEDIC He had part of his arm blown off a block away. There was an independent reporter live streaming who stopped and put a tourniquet on him to stop the bleeding and probably saved his life. The 4 man shot was actually wearing a medic hat and he supplied the life saving device.
No body should ever be allowed to buy an assult riffle END OF DUSCUSSION
This video, and the reporter are full of B S. If you want to be a good reporter, you must report the truth!
But we not from 63rddd
I’m sick
they just need to hire robots as polices because humans cant handle using guns obviously
How peaceful...
Its amazing that the media will show the whole video of police killing someone but wont show someone protecting their lives with a gun during a riot.   This news outlet should be ashamed of itself.
Yeah. That's what happens when you bring a skateboard to a gun fight.
All Lives matter 💯 please hit like on this comment to show you're support
The police need to silence them all
trumps amerikkka. Vote blue if you want this to end this nov
What idiots, more people dying and getting injured because of the death of one person. They should just stop protesting
Truly what’s the whole point of this? Just to get hurt or hurt others? We as humans need to grow we’re destroying ourselves
wtf why-2020 is getting even worse and worse...I’m tired of it..pray for those who were in that shooting❤️🙏🏻
This was a bullshit video - the Idiots attacked a guy with a gun (who was there with others to protect private property) and got shot, they were the aggressors. - the person “who was running away” knelt down with a fucking glock.
Protest or riot?
Did the cops kill them?
This was a good kill by a 17 year old.  Self defense.
Holy crap, they call this journalism? Such biased reporting, the whole video shows what really happened, a 17 year old boy was running away from some thugs and had to defend himself because two of them has weapons and they were trying to kill him.
Lord help our police officers it’s not all that are doing wrong
You miss pronounced a word, I’ll fix one for you when you say protesting you mean riot....  you can’t say protesting when you’re standing in front of burnt vehicles and broken out windows.
Any person with self preservation and a will to live would have done the same. Or would be dead
Riots
They can bring their city to the ground. And nothing will change.
To the dead is it worth your life? Wait ahhh nvm🤦the dead can’t speak 😱
Well the Jacob dude wont be running from any cops anymore....Criminals will be criminals.
Self defense, nothing to watch here, media is going to promote it's agenda as usually to the sheep that eat it up
"Peaceful protests" *Car continues burning and people screaming and running.*
This world is out of control on both sides  are we slowly becoming a 3rd world country this crap needs to stop what future is there for the childern
At this point people will protest over anything
Good kid
So sorry all who had to go through this. Really impressed with the police and civilians working together!!!!!!  That’s how it works.
Another video not showing the whole thing. They make the people that attacked him look like the victims.
Think twice before taking to the streets destroying people's livelihood . bound to happen again and I could care less . the kid is getting completely buried by the limp wrist lefty media . losers
In the full video didn’t they try to attack the dude with the gun.
Please stop referring to the rioters as protesters
A national hero. The kid who was attacked was arrested for murder. He defended himself.
JESUS DIED & ROSE AGAIN TO FREE U FROM SIN ACCEPT HIS GIFT✝️✝️✝️
Seems kinda counterproductive if people are dying as your protesting about violence and people dying🤷‍♂️
.
i think it is something generalized , that goes beyond the initial shooting of the black man by the police .
who really cares how many he shot or why. They are terrorist and need more to be shot.
So white people can just go around shooting people in the streets... without even being a cop.... shit is getting outrageous. And what the hell was a 17-year-old boy doing with a gun like that??? So sad this is what this country has come to
America is on fire let’s face it   Why can’t you be like the rest of the world,you are the Florida of the world
Looks "peaceful"
Yo this country is falling apart omg all this stuff is insane
Democrats don’t want to enforce the law. They want to enforce your freedom of speech. If you hate these riots and the creepy Authoritarian Left then vote for Donald Trump on November 3rd.
And all these athletes are not playing because of what happened in Kenosha because some guy was ignorant disobeying a lawful order really being paid millions of dollars and you agree with this idiot they still get a paycheck
Riot not a protest. %100 self defense this kid is my hero!
This is why Home Depot stock shares are doing so well...there’re selling a ton of wooden boards for folks to board up their businesses 🤦🏻‍♂️
excuse me what, why did you guys crop out the part where the mob was beating him to death while yelling kill him?
The thing about these violent protesters is that there not going to fix racial problems with violence, it won't work. Not including trying to harm police officers in riot gear, its right gear they don't break with two rocks and a middle finger, they train for these things, it won't work.
Not protests, riots and looting dipshits
More fake shit
Americans are sick of this Communist, Soros agenda. It's all coordinated to bring down America.
Every broken window, every forced struggle session, every business set ablaze gives birth to a new T r û m p supporter...or at least a vote for him. (Note: I had to spell his name like that because this news channel has a filter that automatically banned my comment if I spelled his name correctly. Wtfffff)
Clearly, protesters should be armed to return fire and protect their first amendment rights.
“Protests”
I love how no ones talking about how this kid tried to surrender. After he killed 2 people he walked with both hands up and AR-15 strapped across his chest to the cops. Visibly turning himself in and he was IGNORED. The cops were more focused on getting passed him to bomb the protestors than taking him into custody. I know I couldn’t have done the same. I would’ve been gunned down on the spot. But then again per the Republican National Convention, America isn’t racist. Tsk tsk.
LIARS!
He’s a militia suspect because he was carrying an “AR-15?”  I wonder if they know what AR stands for?
I like how they cut the part where the guy running had a revolver
He was seconds from a drop kick to his head when he fed his attacker led!
I guess it was 2 for 1 on blm special
Dude, you can't just damage people's shit
BLUE LIVES MATTER! Without them there taxpayers would eradicate your f*** asses
"protests"
lol propaganda at its finest
This is going to happen When these so called peaceful Riots happen. Someone is pushed to Far or being Bullied. People are going to get hurt.   Good job kid next time take out a few more Rioters. That's what it is going to take.
RIP
"victims" yeah right they attacked the guy when he tripped
He was chased after he already had killed one per already then he tripped then shot two other people in-front of the police. But you guys already knew that.
Worlds gone crazy. The “your fired” guy is President of the United States. We’re all screwed.
No, it was completely justified. Props to the man for properly defending property
Only three what a lousy shot using a AR15 a blind person should hit at least 10. Back to the gun range.
Because of the increasing rate that prophecy is being fulfilled, this world is quickly coming to a close. The great tribulation is about to begin, the worst time this world will ever know. God the Father wants to have a relationship with His creation. But everyone is born into sin and we need a way for us to be able to live eternally with the Father in heaven. Jesus made that way. Even though He is God, He left heaven and came to earth to be a sacrifice for a lost world. He never sinned. He was abandoned by His friends, was betrayed by Judas and handed over to be crucified. He was beaten so badly that He could not be recognized as a man. Then He willingly suffered an agonizing drawn out death on the cross. He was buried and on the third day God raised Him from the dead. And now He sits at the right hand of the Father and He is coming back any day now to Take home those who belong to Him. Just believe that He died for your sins.  You don't have to repent of sins. People who teach that, are wrong and they are not saved.  You don't have to give up drinking or drugs, etc. Just have faith that Jesus fully paid the price. After you are saved rest in Jesus' sacrifice. God will guide you and help you get rid of bad habits and to do good works according to His will. If you think you should do works, you're saying Jesus' sacrifice was not enough. Faith plus works will NOT save you. Once you believe that Jesus died for your sins, you will receive the Holy Spirit and you are sealed for eternity. Nothing you do or don't do can cause you to lose your salvation. Those who say that you can lose it are not saved. There is nothing we can do! It's all about what Jesus did! God gave us free will but He is a just God.  Rejecting salvation means an agonizing eternity in hell! In the great tribulation, the age of grace will be over and to be saved you must believe on Jesus plus resist taking the mark of the beast. Believe on Jesus now and you will escape having to go through the great tribulation!        For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life. John 3:16
There is no end to right wing depravity. We will all soon reap what we have sewn when this country becomes hell on earth where neither side wants to live. There will be no rest, there will be no peace. Only death and destruction and mournful sorrow for a memory that never was.
What is a 17-year-old doing out on a school night holding a rifle anyways?!
“Mostly peaceful protests” guys..
One more episode of “This is America”
Good! You have the right to protect yourself. Dont bring a skateboard to a gunfight morons.
Should’ve stayed home. No point of risking your life by joining a riot. This giving people more reasons to vote for trump.
Damn. I heard kids got covid-19 after visiting camp. Where did covid-19 come from? So far away.
Finna be race war. Geez.
You can see that asshole running away with half his arm blown off, still holding a pistol
RIOTERS!!! For crying out loud! What is wrong with the media?
FIX SUBTITLES
that kid is 17, according to his facebook profile he's supporting "blue lives matter" movement.  what kind of parents raise this piece of shit they should've taught him lessons!
Jesus i hope 2021 doesnt become like 2020
Distractions “stay woke”
You know it’s fake news as soon as you hear the word “protest”.
Reading these comments gives me hope, appears the masses aren't as brain washed as they appear. Propaganda machine is failing.
The media warps what really happened. post the video of they person fearing for their life after being chased. I hope the injured dont make it
The boy is a hero !!!
Only right wing will drive miles out of their way while armed to instigate a fight JUST to call it self defense when they use said weapon.
so sad
I’m glad our 2nd amendment hero’s are defending and baring arms! Defending those then the cops will ever do!! Thank you!!🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Btw the shooter was 17 years old and police still let him help them out while he was holding an AR-15 that wasn't his
Imagine shooting someone cause you can’t do your job right and arrest him without using a gun
Anyone have the full video?
*riot
Brave of you to keep the comments section, brave and commendable.
I feel like people are missing the point..he walked pass the police with a fucking AR-10 and the police didnt even touch him..let that had been a black 17 yr old.
Lol good
If people actually listened to the police when they say something the first time a lot less people would be getting hurt
Stupid people + Guns + Tense Situations + = Tragedy
wow this is a city that is real close to mine this is crazy that this is happening
Who did the protestors report the shooting to? Social workers?
They prove the doubters of this movement and these protests right by intentionally cutting the video to make the kid look like the aggressor.
Fake news, clearly bias. Damn what a shithole we're in
Oooooo
*Well they were defending themselves - just like the Police*
people actually defending the shooter in the comments smh
There is no hope.
Stop saying “Black Lives Matter” It is just stupid and racist. “All lives matter”. And you Police stop killing my people!
Good. We need to gun more of these BLM protesters down if we are to bring back social stability. Let us learn from China on how to restore social stability and that is using guns to put down rapid dogs. 👌
All this over some black guy 🤦
If the video is too graphic to show, don't show it at all. Don't conveniently clip the couple seconds that fit your narrative.
I’m a Mexican  American born here in America and I’m tired of White people they need to go back to Europe where they came from and take back blacks because they brought them over here and leave us Mexican and native Americans here this is our land
Wow, “Malitia type suspect and not a ‘TERRORIST’” Oh cause his not MUSLIM. Come on I mean seriously 😐    ‘MILITIA TYPE SUSPECT’ that’s the best u got to say😐😐
Smh
I was literally watching the actual live stream last night.  The shooter was being chased down the street and he tripped.  When he did they tried to jump him and take his gun and that's when he shot.  Just stating what I watched live.
Don’t attack a guy with a gun and you won’t be shot. It’s not hard to comprehend
Your bias is showing @wgn news, those are not protesters,
They broke up a daycare?  Wtf does that even have to do with a protest.  Yo 8 clowns run up on a dude with a rifle and you won’t win that one.  Dumb snowflakes
Can somebody bring me a car?
Why are people getting so desensitized to the loss of a life.  MURDER IS NOT OK. whether someone was trying to hit him with a skateboard or not you cant just murder someone and think your going to get off the hook. The dude drove up from illinois and then sett himself up as a target the moment he walked outside with a rifle in the middle of a riot. And now his ass is going to jail for life. So his actions were not only dumb but they are also in vain because he achieved nothing.  But you know what they say....YOU PLAY STUPID GAMES YOU WIN STUPID PRIZES.
Business Owners Businesses MATTER!
What’s going on now ?
Call in the National Guard and start cracking some skulls.
If you loot you get shot. If you riot you get shot. If you try to hurt people defending their homes and businesses you get shot. These sjws  are dumb AF
Pants up, Don't Loot!
What's up with these "peaceful" protesters and ruining people's lives? I get that they're angry for the injustice that's happening, but going around burning people's cars and destroying businesses that had nothing to do with it is not the right way to go about it.
I see the commies are there now too... how come you didnt show him on the floor getting his head kicked in by the peaceful protesters  hmmmm something fishy media slant lmao FAKE NEWS tell the whole story a$$wipes
Another civil war is gonna happen
Heard Pence is going to address the protesting in Kenosha tonight at the RNC, $500 says he doesn't mention the 17 year old white kid with an AR that shot and killed 2 last night during the protest, protecting property.
The Communist Democratic party is behind of BLM and of these illegal actions ! Go Trump kick out the communists of AMERICA!
The purpose of protest is to protest deaths ! Not for other deaths to occur!!! We gotta do better. Peace is the way not violence.
everyone is defending the white kid not knowing what he was doing. maybe he was causing harm...
Militia Men Defending Themselves
All of these journalists in the mainstream are waking up the sleeping giant. I hope they realize that we no longer need these clowns anymore.
Oh hey, more domestic terrorism in the name of "justice".
Only two idiots
Why not show the part where he almost got his head crushed by skateboard. It’s almost like the news doesn’t want the American people to defend themselves.
One of the guys that was shot had a gun. It's not a protest if people are destroying properties, that's a riot.
Good those losers should all be lit up.
Riot is a better term than protest in this situation.
Quickly someone please call a social worker right away hurry........samf
When people start following instructions and LISTEN!!  I guarantee no more killings.... SMH
Get out the popcorn for some blood and guts!
It's a riot not a protest. These people need to be arrested ASAP.
These poorly planned, uncoordinated and short sighted protesriots are going to get trump reelected. It should be obvious that trump supporters in the form of armed right wing militia and right wing trump supporters...are by the thousands infiltrating and engaging in  much of the rioting, burning, looting and destruction of property...to discredit the peaceful marches and protests.   There is no leadership or understanding of how the peaceful marches are being discredited. This type of coordinated violence and rioting plays right into the narrative trump and his administration are using to boost his reelection efforts...it is one reason why trump is improving in the polls.
Dude is a hero💪💪.
He shot and killed some black people. He's the Patriot you all want to be!
Seems pretty normal for 2020
The kid was being chased and followed by rioters with weapons and decided to defend himself instead of ending up in a coma.
he probably police
PEOPLE are getting sick of RIOTs, Welcome to the  "new normal" given to you by the DEMOCRATIC ( NAZI ) PARTY.
An update, the 17 year old gunman responsible for the shooting has been arrested and is being charged with 1st degree murder. He did this because of an announcement by "Boogaloo Boys", an alt right militia that is well known for being white supremacist. This kid also travelled all the way to Kenosha from his home town in Illonois, just so he can shoot at protesters. It is 1st degree because the suspect made several facebook posts detailing what he was about to do, making it premeditated with intent to kill. And to those saying the gunman was defending himself, well, this simply isn't true. The first death was unprovoked, him shooting into a crowd. When protesters ran after the teen to apprehend him, that is when he shot two other people, killing one. Some may argue this is self defense, but remember this person just killed someone. What would you do if you witnessed a murder? Would you let the killer get away scott free or try and stop him?Also, at the time of the shooting, there was no riots going on, just peaceful protesting. And these protesters were also UNARMED. That kid rightfully should be tried as an adult, and should rot in jail for a very long time.
Lmao he said violence, a car burning isn’t violent
The like/dislike ratio and the comment section aren’t adding up.
its ok to riot and burn private property tho
I just wish we would be United as fellow Americans and fellow human beings I also wish that both the left and the right wont embrace the radical extremists  (the far left and the alt right)...               Republican and Democrats UNITE!🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🇺🇸❤🍻❤😘     and F**K U RADICAL EXTREMISTS your not welcome in either party go fight each other on venus 😝
Standing in front of a burned car with "Loot back" tagged on the wall and you still call it a protest.
Everyone that was shot was attacking that kid. No one retreating was shot
The police can shoot unarmed black people, but not a white man armed with an ar 15 and just killed 2 people. Got it! MERICA!!!
damn but what about the school shooters!?!?!?!
When racist hate crimes happen to white kids the race is NOT mentioned if even reported on news at all, but if a black resists arrest even race IS mentioned AND capitalized. As if it's always the white fault when not. Double standards juices to divide us.
So people get this triggered because police killed a CRIMINAL? You may think people would get happy for the police finally doing their job, but apparently not... Wtf is wrong with this society?
It's a shame the 3rd rioter is going to survive...........
2020🙄 boOoOoOoOoooo👎
They threw Molotov cocktail, he was thrown to the ground, hit w a skateboard, headstomped, and one of the attackers had a handgun so the guy shot them with his rifle. Looks like a good shoot to me.
The only thing blm and antifa has accomplished is causing white kids to shoot other white kids in the name of what?? Because they hate Trump for wanting to put America first?? Because of the wall?? Because of a healthy economy?? Because he wants to bring troops out of the middle east and back home safely??
Next should be the looters and rioters
Great reporting there fellas. How about the actual video showing the armed civilian being attacked by multiple people as he tried to run away. He was then knocked down and they attempted to attack him as he then opened fire to protect himself. Does the truth mean nothing anymore? Idiot reporter again changes the facts to fit their own propaganda.
You ain’t putting the footage cause you telling mad falsities
I call it self defense
Notice! Many persons did not stay social-distance, 6 feet apart. This is COVID-19 incident.
0:33 you can see the guy that got shot is holding a gun
Is it just me or does that car look really weird like CGI? Not saying it is im not one of these nutcase people in the comments but it looks like it's out of a video game.
I think guns are bad!
Aww, one guy lived?
If it wasn’t for the democratic mayor, there would’ve already been troops there to protect all those innocent businesses
just saying any of you protesters come to northern parts of the state you’ll most likely be shot
Nothing about the molotov that was thrown at him nothing about the skateboard that hit him in the head nothing about the other guy with the hand gun fucking FAKE NEWS AT ITS FINEST!!!!!
Peaceful protests yeah right
we’re not from 63rd
hell, my favourite place
Riots riots not protests
Riots , riots not protests
They did it to themselves
Make poor decisions and this is what happens...
If dont have a number or a body dont replie
THE THING HERE IS THAT THERE IS NO CHARGE AGAINST THE SHOOTER BECAUSE HE IS WHITE AND HE GOT PRIVILEGES... HE WAS LOOKING FOR REASONS TO KILL PEOPLE... WHO GO OUT WITH AN AR AND LOADED AND INTO A PROTEST? WHAT A COINCIDENCE
Cops in riot gear, let me take a selfie 0:59 😂 Like WTF???
Being chased by a mob, tripping and someone kicking you in the head justifies use of force. A mob of people can and would have caused him great bodily injury or harm if he would not have shot at the attackers. It's a reasonable use of a weapon for self defense in my opinion.
This is the biggest breaking news from Kenosha since the Kenosha Kickers from Home Alone
I feel like the "Daycare" doesn't exist but is rather a way news reporters over dramatize events.
Riot and looting not a protest lol. Silly media
they should have left that body laying in the street a few days..or better yet prop him up with a placard saying ..I asked for it...
everything here is directly caused by media mass manipulation
Fighting fire with fire. Idiots
Play stupid games and all that.
Change the title it is misleading !!
Notice how in every blm "protests" most of them are white liberals using poc to push there narrative
Mark my words: BLM is going to get Trump re-elected.
Normal people gotta wear body cams so stories don't get misconstrued.
QAnon was the shooter...
Don’t let the media influence you.
We're living in cod
That car is roasted to perfection.
Like for real for real these cops need to STOP KILLING.
Dead right now???
This isn't a protest             ITS A RIOT
kill more of these fools....
Are 17 year old even allowed to open carry assault rifles in Wisconsin? Even if he was “defending” himself he too was commuting a crime having the gun in the first place, and that’s why I’m glad he’s being prosecuted. He’s as much a criminal as rioters if not worse.
FAKE NEWS!! Omitting facts, sensationalizing half truths, twisting the context to seem a certain way, and editing footage to represent a false narrative. Guilty. You should all be charged for inciting riots.
He was being chased by antifa by a car lot and the guy chasing got a bullet to the head, he than was chased by the group until this happen  Self defense  He could of killed a lot of people but didn’t
“Militia type suspect because he was carrying an AR15”.   People,   99.9% of AR15 owners are not affiliated with a Militia.
These are not protests
Can't legally buy a beer but carry AR15 cross state line is no problem, only in America.
I dunno man. Looked like self defense to me. Guy shouldn’t have been charged with murder.
words can’t explain how much I hate it here
米国人民向全球输出的所谓自由民主，
Not all hero's wear capes ,but some carry to protect themselves and the people of there community against mobs trying to destroy it.
I'm sure he was just sitting in the middle of the road sniping people.  Most likely these idiots attacked him .
All this over a criminal  Yet nothing said about Cannon Hinnant
You can’t really justify a minor traveling state lines to kill people can you ? regardless if you think it was in self defense or not
Dude took an ar-15 over state lines, driving 20 miles to murder black people in the street. The right, "He WaS DeFeNdInG hIs PrOpErTy!!1!"
hes a hero, all charges dropped.
this is not peaceful
The media wants to spin this into a race thing,  but at this point its to cover the fact that Trumps economy is crashing giving poor people the excuse to rob, loot, and rebel. America is falling apart because of failed leadership on both sides.
Shitty deals but you gotta remember you are NOT bulletproof Lol how you gonna protest the police then run to them when shit hits the fan in a protest against the police
1: End racism, because it’s stupid  2: Why are people rioting? It doesn’t do anything. It only makes matters worse. Just learn how to peacefully protest
Kill them all !!!!!
A country that ignores human rights China and America
This is what happens when you play to much violent video games.
Look at all them angry white folk
Jacob Blake getting murdered is terrible. Is violence really the answer though?
They had it coming tbh
the guy was trying to run away it was you rioters who chased him down and tried to attack him
Militia type subject? I like how those people said, "man who was shot running away from the gun fire" that "man" acted like he was surrendering then tried to steal his rifle. Clowns
“Black lives matter”  Agree.  “Let’s destroy our own city and light it on fire”.   Wait a sec
Gee I wonder why. Maybe it’s because BLM are scumbags who deserved it after all the damages they caused! That 17-year-old boy was fighting for his life and many of us are tired of seeing these rioting marxists destroy countless cities, businesses, stores, homes, lives and livelihoods.
Again One Man Gone
Antifa terrorists got what they deserved. This kid will be hailed as an American hero.
Text book example of community policing. This is what the left wants.
"A militia type suspect"...That's a good thing, we need more militia men in this country, our Founding Fathers advocated for it, every able bodied man should be a rifleman with every intent at protecting our country from enemies who seek to terrorize our law abiding citizens.
This is gonna happen more and more now. Antifa-BLM is finally awakening the sleeping giant, and the leftist elites will get what they wanted all along: martyrs. They love their useful idiots so much that they have consigned them to slaughter.
What we need to start doing is calling these news stations that are presenting biased news and demand they start reporting the truth!!! I don't know if their lines can handle thousands of calls but I am sure they will get the message!
Well kids here's a great lesson for you....don't attack an armed citizen. End of lesson.
The kid was defending himself
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
Obey lawful orders given by the police and go about your day. You hate filled low life lazy bums that want to start something will get what you ask for. We will protect our neighborhoods and communities from violent protests. Can’t even lift a 100lb dumbbell and think you will try to outsmart us because you are too weak. No avivan la ira! You can’t even entiende two idomas: sit down and read proverbs:
Justified!!!
You told us that 3 people got shot like 5 times
You know when the media and the democrats have spent the last 3 months justifying looting and rioting.  They shouldn't be surprised  When the average citizen rises up to protect this community.  This is called community policing. This is what happens when the Democrat governor and the mayor want to defund the police you get community policing.  This is exactly what the left wants.
How is that every time there's a protest from BLM movement more people end up killing each other? With guns.
I’m black but these blm “protests” are not even protests.Why can’t we all just come together to try to fix this problem.I wouldn’t be caught dead in a blm shirt because ALM.
Yeah cuz killing people proves your point that police killing people isn’t okay. 🙄 the hypocrisy!
Love stories that have a happy ending.
What happened wasn’t good.  Not telling the whole story to create a narrative isn’t good.
I am glad the police didn't return fire! It would had been a blood bath
That kid was defending himself from thugs
Wat about the black men that killed a 5 year old no one talks about that his life didn’t matter society makes me laugh all these people controlled by organization that  don’t care about them .
from the state website: Wisconsin generally prohibits the intentional transfer of any firearm to an individual under age 18.1(under age 18 needs an adult present and it applies only to hunting.) The state also generally prohibits the possession of a firearm by any person under age 18.
Good news. These business owners had enough. If rioter come to destroy your business, shoot them on the head and they will stop the evil doing immediately.
"shot running away" after he turns around and pulls his glock so much  footage was cut from this to make the kid look like the aggressor
getting more people killed if you protest violently man... Why do people not understand this?
The reporter is a tool, guy has 0 sayings what will be shown.
Typical, they won't play the whole video that shows the mob chasing this kid down.
They chased a guy down who had an AR, can't fix stupid.
Why is he running around holding a riffle
Youtube needs to take action ..many of these comments are not real people .. These fake comments are what's helping these young to think normal people will condone murder, what really terrible is the supremacist groups are the ones setting the fires .. The blacks or antifia are not the ones. Rioting and looting is being directed by David duke & others
"protests"  Also look at this burned car! Like pick one. Either say it's a protest or say it's a riot. Can't have the moral victory of calling it a protest and the clicks of showing violence in american streets
Premeditated murder. Attempt murder. Charge this scumbag kid and let the guys in the penitentiary finish him.
It was because he was being chased down and assaulted! TF is wrong with the media man. Watch the full video.
Media continuing to twist the narrative then they wonder how did trump win again 🤦‍♂️
Anyone got the uncensored video?
*Why don't they show the part where the guy is literally being chased down.*
With the mob attacking people it was just a matter of time.
The guy with the gun was acting in self defense. Quit painting a bullshit picture! There is clear footage of him being literally jumped which caused him to fire in defense.
Fake news.
Self defense. Guy that got shot in the arm had a gun. They were going to kill him.
Notice how most the people “protesting” aren’t even black 🤦‍♂️
@0:31 reporter "a man being shot while Running Away" I didn't see that.
Nice biased media. They left about the part about him getting attacked and having a Molotov lobbed at him.
"No lives matter until black lives matter" Puta, los que vienen de la frontera estan cagados :'v
Go home. Your riots/protesting accomplish nothing except for making you look like assholes
Cute how they dont show the rioterd beating the man to the ground lol
To many ignorant people own guns.
. BREAKING NEWS: . 2 Adult men, DEAD by Gun fire AFTER attempted "Sexual Assault" of minor, 17 year old boy. He stopped them.
Only People who didn’t come from Tik tok are worthy of liking this
The color of your skin is not a get out of jail free card.
NOT. A. PROTEST.
Jacob Blake got himself shot, every protester out there is an idiot.  Know the law
Did that Armed Gun Man get shot??? and Who did He shot ( The gun man looked white ) In his mind, He was protecting, His City, His State and His Countries Vital Interest
Don't worry, everybody. Trump won't do anything about it.
Youtube is deleting dislikes AGAIN.
“Protests”  More like terrorism
Watch the entire video, completely justified
HAHAHHAAH lucky the little shits running away werent gunned down, may the lions roam your streets stupid hyenas
The kid is a hero who defends his own community against Antifa terrorists and rioters! The American people have wakened up and arisen!
Trash reporting
Why not show the part there they throw a Molotov and chase him
You Americans need to find better hobbies.
ACAB
Good job 2 more thugs down lets keep it going
BLM is a terrorist organization and people are actually standing and marching for a terrorist group and what has this organization done for the black community ? Nothing on top of nothing .
Summer of love baby. Summer of love
Ya whites need to go Backs from where ypu came from the  Ocean ahaa
What a bad time to share names with people.
When will democrat paid thugs AKA BLM be arrested?  Stop Biden, Stop Socialism and riots
You are destroying,America having a good model to other countries. Think right
This is going to start happening more often when violent rioters think they can get away with assaulting law abiding citizens this is going to happen more often we are over your bullshit we are done with your drama be careful what you wish for because we will not be victimized by you rioting pieces of sh*t
Good.
“Protest”
This report us crap...wheres the rest of the footage so we can see for ourselves what happened.
Honestly, I don't even understand why was he even there? He was from Illinois. He broke state law by possessing that AR-15 as an unaccompanied minor in Wisconsin. He took the lives of others and threw his own life away. And for what?? NOTHING.
PEOPLE ARE DYING OVER GAY BLM
Fucked around and found out
Oh m geeeee blah blah blah blah .   It will never stop unless the hate and damage and corruption just stops.   Or it will just daily continue.    If u dont like someone dont like em.  But dont shoot them dont riot an innocent humans home or punch a walker by.  I mean wtf is that i wld hunt u doqn the dark ally and drag ur a$$.   Im sick of all this u rioters and protesters and haters and fighters bc someone got shot is NOT going to change one thing.   Stopping violence with violence is like putting out a fire with fire dont make any logical sense.
RIOTS. AND HE WAS DEFENDING HIMSELF AGAINST A MOB.
Good job protecting yourself kid, hell, two outta three ain't bad
The thing is we have no problem with protests but the fact is that when these protests get violent it's when these are no longer protests and instead they converge into riots and looting these protests would have more of an impact if they had more organization a leader that had control of the protest just because you march with a common cause dosent mean you will achieve the overall goal.
Lol they cut out the part where they attacked him and tried to take his gun lol blm
The gunmen was protecting houses  he was attacked two separate times
Super curious, was it legal for the kid to carry an AR15 like that?
Looks like a mostly peaceful shooting. What’s the problem??
Here come the gun confiscation
Is America great or it will be in next 4 years of Trump?
Why don't the police just use water cannons and knock the “peaceful protesters” on their ass
Those were not demonstrators and everyone knows it.
17 yr old kid kills two rioters and blows another ones arm off. I love this kid.  I’ll be contributing to your defense.
Kyle is a Patriot and a Hero
Why is a seventeen year old child, from another state, out after a declared curfew, with an AR-15, shooting people? I really want to know why a political cause that this kid was affiliated with, would employ children soldiers in to their ranks to achieve a political goal ?
This is slowly becoming a daily thing...
call it what it is: a terrorist attack
Dont bum rush people with guns
And they're terrorists, fixed it.
Good job buddy kill all of them
Good shootem up!!!
Omg if I see another one of these I’m gonna scream
If they want to go down rioting over a dead scumbag, who cares. Just start full blown smashing them.
We need to stick together against the govt. Not eachother... not the police... congress needs to be taken out and replaced
Trump is right Media is the enemy of the people. Show the video, or say that "protesters" tried to attack him.
Self defense you idiots
Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn’t there? Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. How did this happen? Who’s to blame? Well certainly there are those more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable, but again truth be told, if you’re looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror. I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn’t be? War, terror, disease. There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense
All lives matters Those are not protesters they are gangsters riots looters .if Police tells you to stop just freaking stop  talk to them.   I support Police
Imagine living in the US...lol
Fake news🤦‍♂️ those fuckers attacked the man pprotecting people and property....they attacked him and he did not fire a single shot until they knocked him to the ground.... they were already trying to kick him in the head when he finally fired
We need Avatar Ang to restore balance
once again....  mainstream media and there narrative
Im SHOCKED violence begets violence just as MLK said. Shocked.
The guy with the skate board before he was shot had a hand gun in his hand.
😱 AMERICA
The close up video of his arm is fantastic, huge chunk is gone. No amount of bondo will repair that. Bye bye arm. Not once did they say he was being chased down and one of them had a gun. Typical liberal reporting
so they rioting because another criminal offender got shot because it was dumb to not listen commands of the police with warrant on him and confirmed previous gun possession... dont know who is dumber, guy who got shot or rioting retards...
“For YHWH so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. John 3:16 	Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets:  I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. 	For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one  jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. 	Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments,  and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of  heaven: but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be  called great in the kingdom of heaven. Matthew Chap 5
I don’t understand 2020 anymore
How's protesting working for all you morons? People are dying and nothings changed or will change. You ALL should be ashamed!
Another Democrat run city destroyed  by paid socialist Democrat terrorist
Parents, make sure your children aren't one of these idiots protesting fake bullshit
IF YOU DO  NOT SHOOT they LOOT
Well they tried to stomp that man's head in before the shots, but okay.
Fucking shame. This kid had the right intentions, but too young to understand the consequences should something occurred. His life is ruined at 17. I’m a staunch 2A libertarian, and I’m against lawlessness. People need to think twice about how thin the legal line is between a vigilant person vs a vigilante. Unfortunately, the laws are imperfect and the people interpreting them are even more so imperfect(political et al).
"The video was too graphic to show in it's entirety..." ... and also did not fit our narrative so too bad!
People don’t want to admit it’s self defense when he has a gun and is actively not shooting at them till he’s on the ground
These people are so fkn stupid they loot and destroy their own community !!! WTF l mean what since does that make. They act like wild animals you get shot like a wild animal too !!
Nice👍
the suspect was back the blue/ trump supporters  he wasn’t protecting anything
Guys alot of these comments are from RUSSIA  please be smart
It's a shame
Do yourself a favor, don’t read the comments. You’ve seen enough toxicity for today.
How is this helping anyone. People are just dying and people  hate it so much that they will not listen   to the BLM protest. Now anytime people  here black lives matter they are gonna think of this shit. And stop taking stuff from stores. That is just stealing it helps no one
This was piss poor reporting, the rioters were shot to stop them from looting
I hope these thugs are smart enough to take a lesson from this  and I hope the stupid thugs that are too dumb to figure it out are next.
I’m
2 less "peaceful protesters" tonight.
Good citizens of Wisconsin are no fools, they know if they don't fight for the place they call home. It too will end up roadkill. Disappointed this young man got caught,  obviously his buddies should have been carrying large black umbrellas like the  " protesters" to hide their crimes, allowing individuals to burn down cities, loot, pillage, and pelt law enforcement, yet retain the title of ' protesters" not criminals.
Y’all don’t realize this dude drove 20 miles out of the way to do this
He came to instigate violence. Who crosses state lines to get into a large protest with an AR-15 anyway? He was already breaking state law by possessing that AR-15 as an unaccompanied minor in Wisconsin. So he's fucked and so are his guardians.
All this over the shooting of a felon who refused to follow police orders...how stupid!
I’d rather die then live on this planet tbh, like can’t we all just get along? When will racism,rape,murder,violence end?
Good tuning I’m in Charrlote
LIES FROM THE MEDIA
I like tacos. I need some NOW.
you wont show becuase the shooter was attacked it shows him on the ground being kicked.
1:20 the sign lmaooooo
Good.
Self defense
everybody gangsta til the white boy fights back
I like civil unrest😌😌
This is america
Left wing Fake Garbage the Truth will come out soon and more video
Militia type suspect due to carrying an AR-15...  That is as asinine as saying rioters are peaceful protesters.
To those coming to the comment section, greetings welcome to the battlefield.
Only good commie is a dead one.
I'm surprised it took this long
Now he’s peaceful lol
This is the cliff politicians are allowing us to drive over. All in the name of dividing citizens in an election year. Leave us alone to fight it out in the streets and die of disease, for a few more votes and contributions. We are mother fing screwed.
*a 17 year old kills two people* Republicans: but- but- uh they were yelling at him so he was forced to shoot them
Protesters; Rioters; Police. The three variables everyone was using to make decisions. The wild card: 300 million privately owned guns. That's one heck of a wild card.
More of this needs to happen so these idiots stop destroying our cities.
More trump inspired domestic terrorism from right wing militias
He got his for a reason being ignorant!!!!!!
So sick of this bull all because he decided to walk away from a lawfull order get real
Repent and trust in Jesus Christ alone. Sin is the cause of all evil. Be aware of the devil. Jesus loves you. God bless y’all.
Joe Biden finally orders his democratic supporters to stop rioting today.
It might be self defense but Its illegal to go to other states and open carry a rifle but the police let him and others do it any way, and why do we have police for if their not doing nothing about anything thats going on
So protecting a dtore with a gun make you "Malitia Suspect" Rioters and looters are called "Protesters"
Why dont they show the protester hitting him with a skateboard and the second protester pointing a gun at him.
There's nothing about courage that takes an NBA professional player to walk away from a game getting paid to what he do anybody else that has a job they won't be able to do that there is no courage in that everybody knows that wouldn't excuse you get paid to play the game that's what you signed up for you don't want to play void your contract
Well.  You communists.  This is what happens.  You all asked for it
It's a rifle stupid
Ain't nobody saying nothing about that for 5 year old boy that got killed by a black man unbelievable
“Protest”
All this for jocob Blake another George Floyd just cause he’s blank and theirs fake headlines people are so quick to defend these pieces of human garbage hero’s don’t fight police or resist arrest George was clearly over reacting putting himself in a bad situation and Jacob was wrestling on the ground with police ran to his vehicle tried to pull something out got shot and now those cops are “racist “ I didn’t know being black made you immune to being arrested 🤣🥶all you people going to protests are is uneducated y’all don’t even know what you’re fighting for and half y’all are white too 🤣🤦‍♂️😭
And now you have NBA players not wanting to play games because of this garbage really must be nice to get paid millions of dollars and don't have to do your job because of someone who disobeyed a lawful order what a bunch of bulshit
So being complete idiots and killing will stop everything really that’s peoples mindsets more violence doesn’t end it
100% self defense!!!
Who else is going to grab a gun and take to the streets when  murders, looters,  rioters come to town burning your neighborhood down?     Or you just going to keep watching TV ? Or playing on your phone until they get to your house,  ( good question )   if they take the neighbors place how long do you think it will be until the get to your place?   Something to think about!
You’re not being honest those guys were attacking him fake news
It's payback. The people has begun fighting back...this shooting is only the beginning. You need police!
"Well Goodmorning" 00:01 I dont think so
Yooo
Rioters finally got a taste of REALITY  I’m glad those dopes got put down.  17 year old kid is being hailed as a hero against this democrat riot bonanza. Also at least one of those rioters that got shot was brandishing a pistol
He was getting chased because he shot someone and y’all are DEFENDING HIM!
I don’t think he got shot 7 times and oh wow he had a weapon AND KILLED TWO ALMOST THREE PEOPLE...and y’all say there is not double standard 🤦🏽‍♀️
Looks like self defense to me, guy was getting chased and beat up by a mob. Exactly why you carry guns.
The title should be man defends himself from 3 violent attackers.
MEDALS for CITIZEN  WHO FINNALLY GAVE those PHONY PROTESTERS  A RIGHT  DEAL
TRUMP 2020
"Im not from 63rd"
riots , not protests
Americans should not be allowed to open carry a goddamn AR 15 !!!! If it’s truly for self defense then why can’t they just carry a hand gun? He went there to kill that night.
so for justice we have to kill people wow
Serious soy boy got shot in the arm get ur facts str8
So it’s okay for cops to shot a black man in the back 7 times but a white man who killed and injured 3 people *“nOt aLl GuNs ArE bAd”*  This is why people are protesting. Humans only want to be human to a specific group of race and then act like everyone else isn’t. If you can’t see that, your egocentric human mindset is a problem to society.
They were trying to kill that man let’s talk about that
Don't attack a armed Patriot that ends tonight's lesson.
“We not from 63rd.”
The Purge has Begun!!!
Don't keep pushing your narratives just report If the suspect is in a militia quote  who said it not interject your own opinion
1 Corinthians 15:1-4 (KJV)  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:
They should be protesting the stock market.
"Just say no to Moses, stay slaves, MAGA Pharaoh 2020"  Lol, George Washington was a terrorist by today's standards. MAGA people have worms in their brains and we see it manifested as religious ignorance.
Justice warrior killed  2 assholes  GOOD
I'd say this was self-defense, but still, a 17-year-old kid should not be walking around with a rifle in the middle of a riot.
Fucked around, found out. Clear self defence
Fake news guys forget it check out Ryan Dawson
This is getting worse
Headline news anytime a white police officer shoots a black person he will be considered guilty and killed his self. He will not be given a trial or able to tell his story. It doesn't matter if the black person shot tried to hurt the police or try to use a weapon. In addition to that the NBA will not play in any more games because they will force change since they think they're Sports bring so much money to their cities. If there's no more Sports some cities will lose Millions if not billions of dollars which will force politicians to make radical decisions just so they don't have turmoil. The NBA care so much about black lives matter but what about all those jobs that will be lost if they don't play anymore.
Media is such a liar, the guy was down and they where attacking him, when I was a kid I used look up to Peter Jennings watch him every night, but now these media is political and full of lies. Watching the news is like eating vomit
ALL LIVES MATTER
Good
Why do they call in protests when it was riots?
The one man alive had a chunk of his arm shot off and had his life saved by his shooter who was protecting businesses from riots.
white supremacists got out of the Klan meeting to spam YouTube comments sections I see.
Complete idiots. You loot and commit arsen and then are shocked when someone doesn't put up with it. My dude is a hero, we need more people like him.
They destroyed this town and the people lives in it. I can easily tell you what kind of lives I don't care about anymore..
“Too graphic”
Domestic terrorism...lock them ALL UP! no matter what you are fighting for gives you NO right to destroy innocent business owners or anyone who has a different opinions life...so what does that make you??? Good???
RESIST!!!! RESIST!!!! THE END TIMES ARE HERE...WHAT WILL YOU CHOOSE???
No need to mince words or hide the truth in the title...  BLM and Antifa are communist rioters and terrorists.
It makes me so happy to see all the people in the comment section who see through the bullshit of mainstream media.
So the idiot is trying to face stomp an armed dude on the ground. Not too bright.
Hail satan
It’s like if you allow lawlessness people die. When will the dems get that message🤔
Narrative of Self is a product of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” and Cosmos. Non-Duality.
That young man was defending himself against the BLM group !
Nice mask where did you get it?
This clown speaking obviously dont know we have seen the footage of the young man being attacked. Too bad he couldn't have sent more of those parasites straight to hell.  A brave and valiant effort, and a job well done in self preservation.  And the only thing wrong with the narrative on the criminal who got ventilated by the cops is, he was already paralyzed from the neck up long before the rest of his ass caught up with him. Next time, head-shot!  Beware "antifa"  "blm" or any other marxist idiot groups, People are tired of all this going easy on your domestic terrorist punk asses. Your idiot parents might wanna up the coverage on your  life insurance. They would probably be glad to get a cash award for your dead asses. See you in hell kids.☠
Don't be so 1 sided,
Come on show the peace where the guy is atacked
F por messi 😔👊
The left and the media wanted to start a racial war and they are getting their way because misguided people are allowing themselves to be used as pawns. If you vote biden get ready for this to happen in your neighborhood.
Why don't they show the part where the guy is literally being chased down and attacked..
The videos don't even matter honestly to these "woke" people. The degenerates raising fists, harassing people and yelling "fuck your comfort" on top of destroying a city are heroes to these fucking idiots on the left.
What about the BLM group with ex military all with AR-15 rifles. Loaded and ready to go. None of them targeted for militia actions ...
"shot running away" after he turns around and pulls his glock so much footage was cut from this to make the kid look like the aggressor
Rip black man
*riots not protests
KMA
Fu
Ar-15 rifle jack hole get it right.
YOUR TIME IS UP..WE ARETHE MAJORITY DONT FORGET THAT,.
WE ARE MORE THAN YOU THINK, GET MORE BULLETS, YOULL NEED THEM.
Saw the whole video perfectly justified. First guy was about to jump on him with his boots second guy came in with a skateboard with a light attempt to hit him with it and take the gun away third guy was also running straight in and he was the one shot in the arm.
these things are still happening?
Tbh I wish the cops would just go on a killing spree no cap
Literally sent rook and doc to fight protestors
Y’all acting like dude was just walking around shooting people... he was being attacked and exercised self defense..
So no solutions 🤔🤔
Tip, don't assault, rush, or try to mess with someone who has a gun!
Crazy cold 🌎 😪
“The world shall know pain.”
Shooting commies should not only be legal, it should be treated as a sport.
Doesn’t matter who is killed or for what reason, there’s always going to be another victim somewhere out there. Watching this is just horrifying. I pray for those who’ve passed, may they Rest In Peace✌️ 🙏 ❤️
I trust the comments more
He got the drop on them looks like
Tons of riots are happening at my school UW Madison. This madness will never stop won't it... 🙄🙄🙄
Tell you what that medic who put the tourniquet on is probably going to be the reason why he loses that arm.
After you subscribe to me, please tell me the good things that have happened to you
it’s so dumb to me that people think it’d be a good idea to open carry around an angry mob. Leave that shit to the police/feds who are trained to deal with this.. stupid ass hero’s..
This was a 17 y.o. kid. What the hell was this kid doing being in the street brandishing a weapon, that at his age, he had no business having.
Anyone and everyone who says, “I would start fires too,” is a savage degenerate.  This kind of BS can’t be tolerated. ALL LIVES MATTER.
Just another fake news outlet - spreading company propaganda. The dead and wounded were CHARGING at an open-carry citizen. The citizen was 100% lawfully defending himself against rabid communist schwein.
AR 15 gun Protesters There is nothing accurate about this news.
MEDIC!  MEDIC!! HAHAHAHA!
Give him a medal
Vote trump for revenge against fake news and violence
And the world didn’t lose anyone important
2020 has show its whole entire  ass
These are not protests they are riots.
These are not protesting anymore they are riots period people are tired of their towns and business is being destroyed. and now they're fighting back!
"peaceful protesting"
Fake news
I love when they scream medic.. makes me laugh every time.
We need to hide the dude so he doesn't get arrested. It was all self defense. Its time we stand up and take back our country from these pussies
People who are protesting are oblivious to truth and facts and live by the media's word. Espeically NBA players.
Still calling it protest. Pathetic. Bring the troops Mr. President. Trump 2020.
The cops were probably like “thanks bro.”
STOP DELETING MY COMMENTS WGN
people shouldn't die in protests but they protests are violent because the people are mad because innocent Black people are continuing to be killed and the police could care less and it's truly horrible.
Can someone explain what actually happened?
Great so 2 people were killed over a criminal being killed
hey guy im curious how many people were shot?
2020: Another one...
good idea to not play chicken with people walking around with automatic weapons and masks ..
Gotta love “peaceful” murdering
Going out of your way to be somewhere that is going to get heated isn’t self defense that is going to start stuff.
Why don’t y’all report that the “protestors” were also armed and the “shooter” was defending a business from being looted and that he only shot after having a gun pointed at him
Thanks the Democrats for pushing shifty narratives
they brought this upon themselves when they were convinced they were the stars of the next Purge movie
Maybe it's because I'm from Canada, but here, we do not call vandalizing daycare's, setting cars on fire, attacking innocent people, or looting "protests". Here, that is called a riot. But I mean you guys say "bathroom" we say "washroom" maybe it's just one of those things.
So this Wyte guy still gets to keep his life even tho he killed 2 people but countless of B!ack Men been killed with no weapon on them and get no justice..sickening.
sauce on the video?
Why does the media lie. Like it's fucking easier just to tell the truth!!
Hero!  People are tired of this shit!  Prepare for more Leftists!  Prepare for much more!
Mob rule never turns out good...
i say in five years america will end up like south africa..... there is going to be a civil war in america with everything escalating so quickly
Why r they still calling it a protest. It was a riot
So he shot and killed the first guy (called the police while he ran) the mob went after him, guy carrying falls, is attacked so he shoots,kills one attacker and injures the one that had a glock/handgun. Sounds justified to me.
Self-defense... But I blame the police for letting militia men join their front lines.
This reporter is talking BS!!! Tell the truth dude
Ah shit here we go again
You forgot the victims killing people
That guy running away had a Glock in his had. There's photos on every other news outlet showing him kneeling down holding the wound and a Glock in his hand. So don't pull a gun on someone that already has one pointed at you.
I love how theyre rioting for a scum bag
Search up "Reuters Wisconsin" on youtube for the full shooting video.
They blurred them out because it plays better if people don't know they're white.
Honestly why are threy still protesting.
Ready for peace yet or do you still want to larp revolution? You cant force them anymore than they can force you. Congrats on achieving mutually assured destruction , good job.
MAGA
Stupid idiots
Where do I donate to his defense fund?
Feel free to show the whole video, and tell the truth.
Sometimes I ask myself why isn’t there change.  Police refuse to change. Why I just don’t understand
THIS IS "HORRIBLE" LIKE 1920 "NOT 2020" SOME WHITE MAN ITS SAID? ANYONE KNOW FROM WI ?
The shooter drove out from another state to incite violence.
Guess who they called when they needed help?!!
I see a lot of ppl defending him for flexin his 2nd amendment right but this kid was 17 and shouldn’t have been able to have a gun in the first place
Its bound to happen too much violence and property  destruction. Can anybody tell us what are these people trying to accomplish??
fake news. show the whole truth
You can tell the kid shooting is a total fucking loser. Also let’s talk about how the cops thanked him earlier...
Trump 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸✨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸✨✨✨🇺🇸🇺🇸✨🇺🇸🇺🇸✨🇺🇸✨
The only lives that matter are the ones that care for other people lives !
kinda weird cause i live like 20 minutes from there
Better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6
All over Jacob Blake. The man with a warrent out for sexual assault, and domestic violence, who decided resisting arrest and going to his car to grab a weapon.
If people being killed and building being burned is a “PROTEST”  I’m terrified of whatever a RIOT is gonna be   Media = 🐍
the people saying defund the police ! then when shit pops off and doesn't  go there way  they calling for the police
"running away from the gunfire" the video was too graphic to show . but let us tell you  what happened. FFS blatant propaganda. Watch the whole andy Ngo video on twitter.
National hero lights up terrorists. There i  fixed it
BLM ... burn , loot, murder.
Whoever is dumb enough to jump someone who is carrying a loaded assault rifle deserves to get shot. 🙄
Kenosha Rioters: "YO, LETS JUMP THIS FOOL WITH THE AR15" *Gets shot* Kenosha Rioters: *shocked pikachu face*
The humans are the most dangerous animals :)
The humans are the most dangerous animals :)
If he really wanted to kill bunch of them then the next day headlines would be 20 to 30 killed in riot by mad gun men.
this is not very oki-doki
Who is this guy and why is his voice so soothing?
What a bunch of 🐑
This is “justice”
The riots are bad but the striving for equality is good, people are going to start taking sides.
people did not die... Just Scum was cleansed from the Earth
John 16:33 These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world.
the man had called the cops on him self and while on the phone after the first shooting  and got rushed took off running fell down where once man tried to stop his head and the man shot tried to hit the shoot in the head with a skateboard
Crazy sick rioters. Tell people the truth! Democratic propaganda. And I am happy to see so many people who are not brainwashed by CNN propaganda in comments
‘Protest’  lol
Run up, get done up-
Did he have a sexual assault case against a minor
Can cops learn to arrest unarmed civilians without killing them? Then this wouldn't keep happening...
not to make light of situation but this is how a lot of the dystopian wasteland movies start.
I made mario dancing meme
He had a illegal gun and was young smh where is this thug mother
Now if people decided not to resist arrest this all wouldn't happen
I made a new meme
Jacob Blake broke up a fight and police shot him in the back seven times.  Dylan Roof killed nine people at Emanuel AME Church and police bought him Burger King.
Riot not protest
Well, play stupid games, win stupid prizes!
Hope all you conservatives enjoyed the protests, because NOW the riots will start.
Why was the guy carrying an AR in the first place?
Where the cannon hannit riots?
Our country is in horrific shape under the current administration. It's more divided than ever. Wake up people.
Hell I give made high fives to this kid I wish he actually got more then two. Then idiots will realize you burn cities ppl will defend it.
Democrats are the real killers for supporting violent riots from the beginning
How does somebody get hurt and killed at a 'peaceful protest'? The wolves mix in with the sheep.
Notice how most the people “protesting” aren’t even black 🤦‍♂️
There will be more shootings coming on these terrorists
He showed up with the express purpose of instigating violence. Who crosses state lines to get into the middle of a large protest with an AR-15 ? Now because of the killings, he will rot in jail for a long time.
All this does is secure a second term for Trump. Peacefully protest, vote, and create change. If you promote violence and chaos as a way for change, you're a domestic terrorist. Be better.
Why the police didn't shoot the 17 year old with automatic Gun.......
When Mass Shooters gets rushed by Teachers and Students to save others, he will be called Hero.
A protester shot other protesters in Colorado while firing at a Jeep. Atlanta 8yr girl gets shot by protesters. Retired police officer gets shot by protester in a pawn shop. Woman in her twenty's gets shot by protesters for saying all lives matter.  Shits getting out of control!  Everyone needs to go home during this pandemic and take care of their own. Life is too short to be out all night fucking with people .
Figures calls rioters protesters does not show that the shooter was being chased prior to incident- getting hit in head ,beat on ground then he shot-  typical news never all facts just narative
The malitia protects the community, the antifa and anarchists burn it down.
This is only going to be excuses for police militarization.
stop calling it protest these are  RIOTS defending criminals!!!! political the gunman defending his and others property. just shows the ignorance of these lawless kids rushing a man with a gun the surprised when he shots
Militias are good! We need more Republican support
Yep that all to solve things...really
They keep killing ppl
BLM is a domestic terrorist group
What America has now become
Next years America will be living like the purge movie.
Two words: self defense
Watch the video on Chris Wo channel. Several angles clearly showing him being attacked, pursued, beaten and only shooting the people who were attacking him. They threw a molotov at him, beat him, and pointed a gun at him. Justified. Free Kyle Rittenhouse.
So you can riot and beat people to death but you can't defend yourself with a gun?
Next thing they are going to want the police to protect them from the shooter but how, if they keep attacking the police. It is sad, but they are a bitch of idiots.
0:01 i swear i heard *n--gga morning*
At 35 seconds you can see the guy running away after getting shot holding a pistol in his right hand.
All this over a justified police shooting
BLM
So owning an AR-15 makes you involved with a militia? Wow.
It was self defense they tried jumping him to take his rifle when he had not done anything wrong
Looks Lightfoot convened with Wisconsin mayor and governor.
Huh its funny this video is too graphic but showing ol Jacob getting shot being played on a loop is fine.   Could it be one just doesnt fit the narrative.
They still out here protesting? 😂
Self defense. Free Kyle Rittenhouse .
He was running away cause he was shot!  He had a 9mm pointed at the guy that shot him! Stop spreading lies!
Protesters chill...
Live by the gun you know the rest!
Well kids here's a great lesson for you....don't attack an armed citizen. End of lesson.
that kid went there to start shit. he brought a deadly weapon to a peaceful protest. disgusting.
Good!
He got charged with first degree murder lol
I love how this is #1 on trending
This kid is a national hero
Not giving the whole info, of course the media. show the whole thing fake news, could you? I know you can not.
Anyone that justify's the death's of those 2 people who were killed are sick... why is this man at a protest carrying a weapon??? People went after him because they had the balls to try to stop this man from potentially unloading on ppl. Only clowns can't see how disgusting and disgraceful this is to our country.
Just because someone at school beats you up are you just gonna shoot him for it. Smh these comments are full of stupid people who think anything is worthy of shooting back and killing someone.
Absolutely terrible and biased reporting. It’s just as important and often more important what the media leaves out of these stories.
Don’t let the media manipulate you.
To much shit Going on in Wisconsin right now
THE MAGA TERRORIST CULT IS INSTIGATING VIOLENCE AND MURDERING INNOCENT PEOPLE WITH THE APPROVAL OF POLICE.
Charged 2 counts murder.Never will go to trial.He will take the plea and do 30 yrs and save the gas...His parents will lose their house and bank account in legal fees and will be charged with criminal neglect in not securing their gun,not to mention civil penalties that will be levied.Have a nice day..
Biden in '17 Described Allowing Kids To Play With His Wet Leg Hair: I’ve Loved Kids Jumping On My Lap’  “So I learned about roaches. I learned about kids jumping on my lap" --@JoeBiden 6/26/17 talking about black kids swimming pool where he was a lifeguard when younger.
Alert racist incoming
Why can't you people just start a civil war already huh?
Everybody involve in this disgust me. From left to right, no one is excluded.
This shit is never going to stop.sad to say but I don't think it's ever going to change.r.i.p everybody
Wherever there is psychological time that divides, there must be conflict. Is it possible for thought to realize it’s own place in the world of technique and has no place psychologically?
All over a registered child sex offender, with warrants a violent history, and resisting arrest.
"Protests" lol I love how no news outlet will call them what they really are "riots"
Shot running away wtf must not have seen the full video
Why is black always mentioned? You can't prove that the cops were racially motivated unless they say so, which they never will so why bother?
Wow this is fake news.
Could this reporter be anymore calm talking about people who have been killed wtf
Where is the part people chasing him trying to gang up on him
There is no rasisum. no Blm all lives matter.0 and if u saw the clip of when the officer shot the black man in the back he was resisting everything the police said, and walked into his car( probably to grab a gun or knife) and got shot. so he deserved it for being an idiot and trying to grab a weapon. and why beat on the cops they are busting their ass to protect us form that kind of ppl, whether they are white or black.
everyone if they have insurance will be cash out, prolly more than the car worth! So the PROTESTERS did them a favor!
how can anyone say 3 people shot at "protest" why not say at the riots. It is this language that paints these rioters in a good view which is going to fail.
It's funny how u said protester and "take a look what violenced looked like last night"
Yall still protesting?! Bruh I thought y'all ending that shi like 1 ish or 2 months ago
Once up on a time there was a bad black wolf than wonder on the night an ate a sheep an one day a male sheep waited for the big black wolf an open its mouth so big that the big black wolf ran scared .The point people are tired of seeing protesters take what they whant an keep on  destroying what is has cost us our life savings an it seems that we are loosing our rights ..The blm said no peace no justice...An this actions of violence  proof  no peace an you wil meet  your maker.
Shooting someone who is beating you up is JUSTIFIED 😁😁😁
Talk radio hoes didn’t want to acknowledge that the three person shooter was a white 👦!
Oh look trump was right fake news
Why don't you show where they tried to take down the guy with the gun? Tired of this agenda
Nice let’s all just rebel right? Let’s TAKE OVER OUR COUNTRY!!!!
So he's in a militia because he owns an AR? Guess you should buy an AK instead.
He was being attacked
Hey man, nice shot.
An all out gun fight is looming
No lives matter until black lives matter? I’m done
I support the riots but only the peaceful ones where they actually aren’t beating people and stuff
PRESIDENT SHOULD PARDON THE GUY THAT KILLED THEM! SELF DEFENSE.
this isn’t a protest this was a riot
@0:31 REPORTER IS OUTRIGHT LYING....Nobody was Shot Running Away...They Shot While Attempting to Assault The Man
Its probably not that big a deal. He shot a few perps each only once. Recently a cop shot one perp 7 times.
The way police and civilians interact must change..otherwise this is anarchy in it's early stages... Anarchy  has brought down many civilizations if this   path is once taken it's a free fall...
trending #1 with 325?
im not a robot guys
He protected himself from danger.
I’m just happy to see that most comment sections seem to finally be on the anti media side at least
Jakob Blake got shot by his own ignorance
The dislike bar is going to grow FAST on this one as people realize what led up to the shooting and how this video is spreading misinformation. 👌
And now he'll spend the rest of his life in prison 💀 careful with the soap
One less piece of garbage in the world although it is hilarious that they were then screaming for help from the police, how ironic
Lol get em all
So he kills a guy and the group decides to stop him from shooting others and you call that self defense?  Where? Do y'all got that much hatred to ignore the earlier video of him killing someone prior?
So assaulting a minor is now legal and self defense is now illegal? Interesting...
He was defending himself against rioters
hobnailed impractically
They're called Karens in America  In Europe they're just called Americans
Welcome to America, Land of the Free...have a good life
BLM is a domestic terrorist organization instead of black lives matter it should be called burn loot murder
BLM IS A JOKE
Good shoot!
all ur bad  rats animals  out  there to make crimes,  loots,  and destroyed the cities  all ur  lives  never matter
All of these riots would just stop if they arrested the cops who kill people unjustifiably... just arrest the killers of Breonna Taylor and Elijah McDaniel and they will Stop it’s really that simple.. I understand for Jacob Blake there’s more to the story that what we know right now... but the ones who killed breonna Taylor and Elijah were straight up killers and they have to be arrested! I’m so tired of seeing people fight all day long this country is just so fucked up.
Notice how when things got serious the police were the ones running TOWARDS the bullet while blm ran away
I seriously cant believe that people in the comments are defending a man who killed two people with an AR-15 and wounded one. How the fuck does that make sense to yall.
When the other guy had a gun pointed at the one protecting his life, did he get arrested?  We want that young man let out for being arrested when he didn't murder, he protected himself.  Too bad he didn't have a mask on.
Why are they rioting?
Holy shit. The comment section is filled with terrorist sympathizers. The kid had already shot an unarmed protestor in the head when he was chased. This is like defending the terrorists who crashed into the pentagon because they were defending themselves from the passengers of American Airlines Flight 77.
Uh oh
2 idiot killed 1 idiot wounded!
Rioters get shot, don't see a problem!!
So basically the rioters called the bluff of the armed white conservative by harassing and assaulting him, then he open fired. Interesting. 🧐
Like, who attacks someone who has an AR 15, my expectations for liberals were low but holy fuck
When america found terrorists in america
"peaceful" protestors woulda killed the guy had he not been armed
Rioters not protesters
They are riots not protest
Race war is coming blacks folks best unite it go be one
"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."    There's plenty of people who still belive in this, even if the rioters don't.
Self defense
Smh
The federal government really wants to go to war with cilivilans. Wow. What is this the Second Civil War?
Cops said thank you to the murder.....
That kids a hero love that kid
These protesters make no sense why take your anger out on someone's used car lot it's not like the cop that shot that idiot owned the damn car lot retards do something constructive with your lives.
It's too bad he only took out 2 idiots.
TRUE AMERICAN DEFENDS SELF AGAINST TERRORIST MOB!!   Glad those scumbags are dead.
Totally justified.
America is obsessed with guns. The intent is to kill,not defend. The true colors of this country is on display. The world is watching .
Both parties were dumb. Why tf you trying to be a vigilante? You’re escalating the situation by posting up and attempting to intimidate others with a gun. Why tf would you try to beat up a dude with an AR? And the police, Jesus Christ can they train them any better? I’ve seen security at Bestbuy do a better job at restraining people. Had they just grabbed him instead of letting him walk away all of this would of been avoided but they froze and immediately drew their guns. White, black, Latino, it doesn’t matter, human beings are stubborn and you’re bound to get someone who is resistant to authority, that’s not an excuse to gun someone down because you can’t get the balls to put your hands on someone. We need good police not just police. Any one can wear a badge, doesn’t make you brave. There’s a movement against police because their incompetence is becoming more apparent and the arrogance of these departments is what is preventing actual improvements in the police force.
that kid is a hero... trying to protect businesses and his trigger control was perfect... didnt shot anyone who wasn't attacking him...
Too bad he didnt get more.
the one with the shot in the arm carries a gun. 0:34 0:35
Anyone defending this murderer in these comments should be ashamed of themselves.
@whitepeople understand he got 3 bodies got charged for murder and beat his case next day. When have you ever heard any person but white do that none. This proves white privilege.
Riots. These were Riots, not Protests.
That's what you wanted. Well you got it. The militia don't play.
The news channel always show the bad stuff of the event. True the shooting was bad this but did they show the cop getting attacked by protesters for no reason?
I hope there’s more 😳
The shooter was LITERALLY charged with First degree murder thank god. guy was wearing Dispo gloves. he traveled from Illinois to Wisconsin with INTENT (hence the 1st degree murder charge, because it was P R E M E D I T A T E D!)  this guy was a monster and im glad he got put away.
Why tf y’all walking around with guns. This could’ve been avoided 🤦🏾‍♂️
Ok this is getting ridiculous now
These racist police who started it all. Keep getting away with it because theres no accountability. If there was a group that posted all officers info once he does something racist or is there when racist act occurs. There community needs to be mad aware of who they live next to. If government doesn't do it. It's up to the American people.
These people need to grow up over someone being killed
I hope these 'protesters' are reading the comments to these videos... they'll see that people are fed up with their nonsense. People are scared and they will defend their lives with lethal force. This isn't a game. Shame on the leftwing media for stoking this violence... they ALL HAVE BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS.
Break down: Police shoot a registered sex offender who ignored cops repeated demands and dove into a car. morons riot in support of the idiot sex offender.
It's amazing how people care more about the people in hongkong than here.
2020 is killing me
Why was he walking around with a gun in the first place?
Not a protest. This was a riot!
Link to the original 🖕🏽 MainStream Media
We need MORE armed citizens standing up to looters and rioters.
Why do these protesters have to destroy others property 😕
Only in america can a 17 year old carry an AR across state lines to play vigilante at a business he DOES NOT OWN. Yet be defended by every guy on the internet under the guise of self defense. Keep in mind he was rushed AFTER he shot a homeless man. when a black man is shot you all look for the first crime he committed since his birth, yet this kid BROKE THE LAW FIRST. Why don’t we use this argument here?
This generation is so f*cking doomed. I have less hope in humanity than the latter. There are more idiots on this world than trees and they're wasting their oxygen just by being alive. I dont even think a dog rescue video or people saving suicidals can give me the smallest bit of hope for my current beliefs for the human race anymore.
They guy was defending himself..
And two BLM members attacked a kid who was armed attempting to head stomp his skull after he tripped and fell down which is typical of these criminals  and got shot as a result.  The one that died was a white guy charging the legally armed person.  Eventually the facts will come out and maybe people who actually follow the rule of law will quit giving in to the mob rule.  It'd be nice if the media did the same.  Report the truth you morons.
PROTESTS? I t was Looting, Burning and Violence! What did you expect?  MSM and Leftist got what they wanted! To them no life matters!
Normal people are sick of seeing BLM protest turn into riots with LOOTING AND BURNING, that doesn’t sit well with people that have been standing on the sidelines(so to speak) and some are just now starting to check BLM................ message to BLM learn to protest w/out riots and looting and burning OR YOU WILL SEE MORE AND MORE people watching from the sidelines stand up against  your NOT PEACEFUL movement. BLM  YOUR  MAKING BLACKS, WHITES, HISPANICS  AND ASIANS PEOPLES INSURANCE GO UP!!!   BLM president doesn’t have the IQ of MLK, so that means we Will continue to see rioting & destruction of property ( not peaceful protest ) until normal people come out and start guarding property’s, remember insurance pays the claims causing everyone’s insurance to increase, BLM keep doing what your doing and YOU WILL SEE THE AVG JOE protecting ( looting & felony arsenal  of setting-on fire )  the CVS he gets his medication from and has stock investment in  for his retirement, along with helping keep insurance premiums from going up..... law and order must be maintained, protesting walking down the street is the best way, remember your causing a lot of problems just blocking a road to protest on, that is already causing major commuting problems FOR AVERAGE JOE to get to and from his or her JOBS. But the average joe understands you have a right OF PEACEFUL  ASSEMBLY to PROTEST, protest do not involve damage & destruction of property that is called a riot AND WHEN THAT HAPPENS YOU LOSE YOUR RIGHTS AFFORDED TO YOU UNDER THE  CONSTITUTION making it a unlawful act caused by BLM( which should be held accountable) NOW the average joe is affected not only by having to take a 15 mile detour around the riot( he was ok with doing the detour for a protest) but now he must switch ALL his medication to another CVS because his local CVS was looted then a felony arson destroyed it. Now that avg. joe. No longer takes  BLM  as a peaceful organization who is  demonstrating ones right to peaceful assembly and protests,  it’s not a peaceful movement the avg. joe finding out first hand and witnessed the riot that now  effectively changes  NOT ONLY his daily, weekly  and monthly schedule  of a hard working man with limited amount of free time after working a 50 hour week, BUT YOU CHANGED  his  Respect( using your constitutional rights to resolve a problem ), support( trying to prevent hiring AND speed up firing of bad  egotistical cops who’s egos often cause poor decision bad judgement while  reacting on his emotional feelings and NOT his/her TRAINING,more training dealing  with the mentally ill,training on using more.deescalation tactics)   And tolerance(detour 15 miles to from work, from roads blocking) NOW this average Joe Who once  had a favorable or neutral opinion , NOW VIEWS  BLM as a group who’s leadership or lack of, must have a extremely low IQ with little leadership training and experience, that cannot keep a productive protest TURNING INTO RIOTS , Now THESE AVERAGE JOES  see the next protest as a RIOT and a treat to his once normal hard working TAX paying scheduled routine life. BLM that is not favorable for your group’s agenda and the issues you want addressed. As more and more normal hard working people of all color( remember BLM we have other ethnicities from all over the world who call USA the land of opportunity and love this country and know it’s far less corrupt and has a decent legal system to deal with civil and criminal(looting, felony arsenal) are Disrespectfully disrupted by BLM RIOTS  people with favorable or neutral views of BLM  WILL start turning against your movements/riots..... the biggest problem for BLM is lack of a good leader that people will follow and respect him and his words. BLM get your group the message PEOPLE ARE SICK OF SEEING BUILDINGS BURNING AND PLACES LOOTED, and it’s not resolving the issues and it’s turning people away from a only one group of life’s matter protest to a criminal group  which chooses to cause chaos among a community of all ethnicities, people that move here and earn citizenship did so to provide a better quality of life and better working conditions with a democratic system with checks and balances A system which all groups must obey AND FOLLOW .... BLM you are not above the law, you must follow rules and regulations( reason MLK is and was a respected leader, changed things while following and using law to his advantage to address issues) BLM GROUPS leadership should be ashamed for the way you are trashing THE PEOPLES COMMUNITY.... your not hurting just the average joe but your hurting all people of all color. And for that I say shame on you.. We as people can address police issues by enforcing department policy and by better training and hiring people with higher education standards( 2-4 year degree plus 10 months Academy) while increasing quality of personal you can decrease the amount of police and pay the better quality and more qualified a higher salaries..... how someone with a GED and 10 months training can take people’s freedom away and make life and death decisions is absolutely absurd.... the Standard should be high school diploma with 2 to 4 years of criminal justice included in best practice for de-escalation of the mentally ill and also the study of proper use of force  The study of social, educational and behavioral differences in low income area(section 8 government housing ) taught at college level, hiring police that live within the patrol area and have grown up in or close to the area..( have a much better understanding of locals and have more of a connection and better. Increase Chance of wanting to help better  and keep ones own place of residence safe.. The changes will help all people, but BLM doesn’t have a plan to correct the problems, so when they see someone getting killed by a person with 10 months of education it’s no surprise weather he is black or white. BLM message should be, we want better educated better training top quality PUBLIC SERVANTS with better salaries.... we need college educated police making life and death decisions ,or taking someone freedom away, while also have humanity to help save life’s... I personally see many policemen with a vocabulary and people skills of a 9th grader. That must change   people skills and having them is a must or the job is NOT FOR those  individuals.   BLM the change comes from within the legal system by passing laws to get better public servants your riots ONLY COMPOUNDS the problem by having to hire and retain larger police departments and having no choice but to hire drop outs with GED’s and 10 months training with very little knowledge of mental illness, very little training on de-escalation and having to hire people with VERY LIMITED PEOPLE SKILLS.... riots have a bigger longer lasting impact on the very causes and issues you are trying to resolve......   BLM you need leadership help, laws must get passed at the state and federal levels.Their are ways to do that, did you see riots to get marijuana laws changed ? No
you guys probably wont hear from me again because im just one of the 7 billion people on earth but     ALL of you people will succeed just push yourself to a point past youre limit and put your head to your dreams. never give up and always show love and consideration for those who help you now, as they will put you in the greater positions next year. respect your parents every time they tell you to sleep early, and remember that one day theyll have to rely on you and then one has to take choices. i wish all of you luck in your relationships and to find your soul mate. and one last thing, i want to motivate you to be greater in life and to sum this up, lets all unite as a world. lets end deforestation, desertification, war, ice caps melting, increase our water levels, enforce more hugs less suicide, teach our young ones about manners and lets use our virtual world and our technology to connect with reality and become one. i love you all, no matter whether you are white or black and i wish you all luck one last time <3
Tamir Rice was 12 and was killed for having a fake toy gun.  Kyle Rittenhouse, 17, killed two people. Walked by police after killing two people. Got to go home and sleep.  This is why people march.
You wouldn't rush a bear that's laying down so why would you rush an armed civilian who's doing the same?
Was is necessary for the police to shoot Blake???? Why did never just put him on the ground...
geez wtf is happening to America??? I want to leave this doesn't represent me at all!!! Any countries accepting peaceful American refugees who are neither democratic or republican; just moderate level headed folks seeking safety and a culture we can call home??
All these protesters should come down to the sewers 😈 ill welcome them all and they can all FLOAT TOO!!
Who care, the victims were white remember?
When will people realize you play stupid games you win stupid prizes?
This reporter makes it sound like he was shot as he was running away... which isn't true.
Here we go again
VOTE  TRUMP !!!
neoLiberal media lying even when vid clearly shows guy on his back in a defensive posture while a big guy standing over him and stomping.
Murder is NEVER ok. No matter who was in the wrong, death isnt the answer. You're missing the point. This is a tragedy and I am so sorry to the families involved in both sides.
Why don't you show the video so we can see what actually happened
This boy was just defending himself from violent thugs! Report what really happened!
Kyle is a murderer, with proof of intent.
Let's try and beat the crap out of a white guy with an AR. Great idea🙄🙄🤣🤣
Liberal media doing their labeling as usual.
Stand up to the Leftist mob! Call in the Marines and stop the Leftist violence.
Well done to that guy with the weapon. Notice how the Bullshit media never mention that the "peaceful" demonstrators where trying to beat him to death! WGN is owned and operated by the lefties, so what else would you expect? More of these animals need to be shot dead!!
You mean riot..
He's not Militia he's a 17 yr old white kid with a gun. He shot 3 white  protesters.
Idiots
Know the truth for yourself Check this video ZlUcPJSxS1M. Shows everything that happened, objectively. No media BS.
Stephen Paddock relative did it.
2 less libtard votes to count lol.
Bombs
Stunned that Littlefoot let WGN into Wisconsin. Make sure to quarantine as she demands when you get back.
NOT PROTESTS - TERRORISTS  . THAT RIGHT TERRORISTS .  GOD BLESS THIS 17 YR OLD AND MAY HE BE  OUT ON BALE . THUM UP.
Why didn't they show him getting pummeled before he shot them?
This is a massive responsibility left to main stream media and their bullshit
BLM is an anti-white movement
Good
Only a matter of time. Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
What was a SOB from Illinois doing armed in Wisconsin?  These Militias are nothing but terrorists!
They "protesters" attacked him, tried to burn the store he's apart of and pulled a weapon on him. They aren't protesters, they're terrorists and deserved to be shot.
God how they must be stamping there feet jumping up and down shouting how he broke the rules, ffs does he not know he is supposed to be the victim 🤷‍♂️ not do what is a god given right for any American which is to stand there ground 🤔 he was supposed to curl up into a ball and let Antifa use his face as a football ⚽️  but nope the young lad did what these disgraceful politicians won't do in fact that they encourage antifa to do whatever damage to property and people they want because mayors like lightfoot will stand up for them, well here we have an american hero who said i will not be the victim this shit is gonna get worse people have had enough, now these antifa animals go round restaurants forcing diners to give a black power salute WTF no one deserves to die but only the politicians are too blame and they should be charged with aiding and abetting an uprising trump needs to declare martial law in crime run democrat cities and send in the military to arrest the mayors and governors.
Happy ending to a feel good story.  The "peaceful protestors" got what they were looking for ... LIGHTS OUT!
They were not protest but riots. They shouldn’t be attacking people’s stuff and they wouldn’t get hurt.
Why not show the video of 3 of them stomping on him when he was on the ground? They should have been shot in the face and not the arm
Death by stage 4 stupidity and arrogance.  There is about to be a BUNCH more of this. The PEOPLE have had about all they're gonna take from these assholes.
Imagine bringing a rifle to a protest and getting confused on why you got beat up.
They wear them protest but riots.
Bullshit, he was being attacked,  fought back to save his life
Post pics of them chasing and beating him. Good aim man.
Shoot them all
Who ya gonna call when bad guys start shooting at you?   Ohhhhhhh, the police !!!   Did they chant FTP while the police were trying to help them ?
That kid was protecting that store in the background of the first shooting. Then everybody began chasing him down the road . A mob technically, who assaulted him & had him on the ground. Self defense all day long
Good
The video is too graphic to show, or did it have to much evidence against the narrative you want to spin?
Never bring a skateboard to a gunfight.
Chase a man with an AK47...the results, is death. LMAO Stupid is as stupid does!
He looks like one of those losers that walks around with his gun looking for a reaction and waiting for the cops to show up but instead he was looking for any excuse to start shooting and he got it
It  not good, because protestors might start carrying guns, and protect themselves, l hope this kid not a racist and was out there looking to shoot, Because someone know what he look like and he may not be able pull the trigger first this time, that what people don't understand, gun are not good for citizen to have, because you don't know people may walk up in shoot you , and you not able to pull trigger first this time, someone is pushing for more gun violence and it sad, gun  leave to death, if you live by a gun you will die by one a old saying , as Bible say live by the sword die by sword, so there's no glory in exhault yourself for having a gun, g gun is not a God , nor make you a God.
They left the part out where they were actually attacking the man with the gun, context obviously isn't important to news outlets anymore.
there will be more of this if its not stopped soon ..scary times
God bless this shooter👏👏🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸he was absolutely in the right and yes perfectly legal....it’s called “reasonable force”.  An angry mob is no match for 10 bullets, he’s actually lucky they didn’t kill him.
Night one and the old adage is already holding true, riots do more damage than they do good
They are not protesters. They are frickin terrorists and deserve what they get.
Sure you can't show the videos it would make people see the reality not your lying narrative!!! News are sickening I feel sorry for people who get their information from those bias propaganda "news" outlets!!😓
Probably not the smartest thing to try and attack someone  carrying a rifle.
Lmao
Lmao and he was not killed? But the black guy was? Wtf is wrong with police
we've had enough, it's time to go on the offensive
2 out of 3. Not bad
Exercising the 2nd amendment.
People are shot, cars are burned, day care is damaged in the "Protest"
After everything we have seen you tell us the video was to graphic to show? F-U!!!
They got what was coming to them. They won’t be able to successfully prosecute the shooter.
Wow. Rioters make my hometown look bad.
Why this Channel dont post and show the Truth? The Men defends himself. I hope he find a good Laywer.
They can’t show the real video because they know it’s going to show the liberal zombies how right we are that this was self defense.
WAY past time to get this $hit under control.
It's a start!
Wounded at “protests” or riots?
Real American defending himself and his community.
Dude is not militia
y is he down there with that big gun for is my question
It time people start kick back
"It is a beautiful sight to behold" by Nancy Pelosi
Kyle was in the right
This might be the beginning.
Didn't look like he was running away to me. Fake News.
Jesus what a pathetic place the US has become
Cant even defend your community against the people trying to tear America down. If Biden wins the election America is over.
Don't attack man with gun and don't run when police officer tell you to stop, Least you won't get shot.  MLM, My Life Matter first.
Should.have killed.more.of them
To anyone defending this? Ask yourself why a 17 year old with access to a gun would illegally cross state borders to go from Illinois to Wisconsin into a giant protest, if not to murder people?  "They threw a molotov" it wasn't a molotov you fucking grifters, it was a plastic bag with a coke bottle in it.  "Protecting property" I've never heard of a 17 year old traveling across state borders illegally with a gun to protect property. He came to the protest with the intention of killing people.  There is no defense for this kid.
I hope this guy spends the rest of his life behind bars for murdering these people. None of this had to happen.
Riots...not protests...Riots
Nice deceptive editing. You guys do know we have access to the same in edited videos
Can shooting communists even be considered a crime?  Isn’t that akin to shooting rats?
He will get the death penalty
If riots are going to breakout after every police shooting, before facts are laid out, before the case is examined, why bother have a court system at all? The mob is basically holding local small businesses, and thus city hall, hostage to their narrative that every cop is bad and every suspect surrendered willingly.
Thats a good boy
Legal and justified SELF DEFENSE
HE WAS DEFENDING HIMSELF
“Protest”
You are right , Braverly  Office police man
Good riddance
If he didn't have a gun they would have beaten him to death
If this is how Dems react to shootings, it would be an easy W for the GOP in a civil war. Lol
Why don’t they show the entire video where the mob is running after him shouting “get him” and procede to try and kick him and beat him up?
These rioters are nothing more than terrorist. This young man needs to be clear of any charges. We need to stand up for this young man.  Ter·ror·ist  /ˈterərəst/ Learn to pronounce
This is the fault of the higher up law enforcementment they need to go in with a strong hand and fix this problem and stop standing back. You will be hated by a part of country with what ever you do. If they did do that less people would take to the streets to defend their property in that way. I don't blame the cops on the line but I blame their bosses and the state politicians.
Kyle is hero not criminal.
Happy happy make America great again hhh.
God bless this guy
That kid had no business being there not even from wisconsin whatever group he was with they brought him in and used his ass. The guys that were attacking him are dumb you see someone with a rifle walking alone through the neighborhood and you try attacking him with fists, what did they think was going to happen? Shits all crazy
Dont bring a Skateboard to a Gunfight lol.
All these fake  “protesters “ and “protectors” are suicidal and murderers ..BLM protesters are a joke btw why destroy properties
You can LITERALLY see the fucking damage behind the reporter. How the fuck are you gonna call this a protest still? And the video evidence shows it was self defense.
Wow America looks very different in post-cards
I used to respect WGN years ago.  Fake news is useless to me.   How about calling people "rioters" when that's what they are?  It is a blatant lie to call them "protestors," and you know it.   Someone tried to stomp that man's head into the pavement, and you engage in a cover-up.  The video I saw (unedited by you) looks like the person who "ran away" had stopped and was shooting at the almost-curb-stomping victim.  Shame on you, WGN, for abandoning all semblance of journalism and instead shilling for your socialist buddies.  *puke*
How conveniently edited images... Rioting, raging idiots got shot for attempting assault. That's the context. It's all over the internet. Stop lying, start reporting.
Kyle an young tiger that stand up first.  God bless you Kyle.
No more gun rights for the right.  They’re not right.  Nor for gangs and thugs.  All a bunch o idiots.
Cannon aka dolphin 😉
Bro got a ar15 and they trying to jump him if that ain’t being stupid idk what is.
It wasn’t a protest, it was a riot.  Left wing politicians were warned that by allowing left wing extremists to engage in unchecked violence, it would encourage other extremist groups to fight back.  Now it’s happening.  This is what life will be like without the Police, violence and anarchy. Had the Police been allowed to do their jobs early on, none of this would be happening. By restraining the Police, they’ve embolden violent extremists. I’m all for holding Police Officers accountable when they break the law, but they are the thin line between order and chaos.  It’s time for the President to step in, declare martial, impose a curfew through force and hold these mayors/governors criminally accountable for allowing this to happen.
How about start %$#@%ing the media?
These little unhinged bastards need to wake up and realize this is not Call of Duty or  World of Warcraft.  You don't get infinite lives.  You can't START a play War. With costumes made at Mom and Dad's and With sparklers and leftover fireworks from Independence Day. You're going to see what INDEPENDENCE Day IS
"You shoot,they loot"  lmao country is a joke rn
Its all over, the full video
If the local DA refuses to prosecute then he needs to be recalled....
Wait but they were just protesting peacefully!  Fake news suck! Garbage  MoFo’s deserve that and much more! In the un edited version those assholes were kicking him while they had pushed him to the ground!
So you mean to tell me you can't just jump white people anymore!?!?!?!
Typical half reporting the news.
Woe
G I wonder why they were shot. I wonder what that reporter would do if he was getting beat up by a Group of terrorists. He would shit his pants
Just walking around in public with an AR-15 ..ya ya (open carry) I know, but this is still stupid AF..ONLY in America....where this sh!t happens!!!
Kid has more balls and spine than the police..turkey shoot..lmao
It’s going to get worst. Antifa and BLM are tirelessly trying to wake the giant up. These folks can get very dirty. Not everyone is scared of antifa or BLM.
the police  should have  to pay  for  all the damage  they have caused across a widening divided board❣️
Good job sugar coating it for the violent punks “protesting.”
The thugs are going to f with the wrong people in the wrong neighborhood and it is going to end very very badly for those douchebag looters and rioters
Oh....so this white person with an assault weapon shooting black people managed to get arrested and not shot and killed by police? I don't recall Jacob Blake having an assualt weapon when he got shot 7 times in his back. If that kid came outside with an assault weapon his intent was to shoot someone. It's not the same as people breaking into his house and him defending himself. All the racists in the comment section need to just go away to a secluded part of the earth. 💯
Let’s call an apple an apple... it was a Riot .. moral of the story when the cops say stop you stop ..not fight them and reach into your car.. What an idiot
Democrats are shocked that a citizen defended himself and did not allow himself to get beaten into a bloody mess.
I hate how these fake news reports are so slanted, The young man was there to protect a business, They assaulted him, One of them had a gun. He defended  Himself, I feel badd for the people shot, But play stupid games Win stupid prizes!
so I guess the news report left out the fact that the shooter was defending himself. This needs to stop
It was a riot! Stop calling it a protest.
HES A MURDERER, HE HAD SHOT SOMEONE SO THEY TRIED TO TAKE HIS WEAPONS
That’s good to hear finally some order going into place ...
These thugs are too used to attacking cops who don’t actually want to hurt them, they got cocky. They don’t realize what they are asking for when they call for war. This man didn’t actually want a fight either. But i know for sure there are many who would be more than happy to shoot some scumbags if they were given the chance. Not even a mob can handle bullets. God bless America.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
These Biden rallies are becoming a little too mostly peaceful
Good for him for defending himself!!!!
Too bad more weren’t shot
They showed 1 car that was torched out of the hundreds to frame the situation don't believe them.
THAT IS NOT PROTESTING,  ITS RIOTING, DESTRUCTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY AND ASSAULT
Take stock in bodybags because unfortunately the death toll is about to skyrocket.. you want to act like thug's go visit Congress and burn their shit...
Marxists... this is the fruit of brain-washing
Why did he have a rifle by a protest any way? Shows he’s intent.
If the cops keep arresting these patriots its gonna get alot worse....these losers with fireworks keep attacking and destroying our country and the people will only take so much of it....if the cops are not going to stop these enemies that are domestic then it is up to the people to rise and take charge.....we must reclaim our country
I guess all of us who own AR weapons are now "Militia Types" ? What if the kid was carrying a shotgun, would he be considered a "Hunting Type"?
I’m tired of seeing the country burn over three convicted felons
Those of you (about 95%) of the posts who are defending this savage act of violence clearly do not understand the suspect in custody now is 17. Meaning he cannot legally own a gun let alone fire one at unarmed civilians. Get outa here with all your BS
It's about time someone start fighting back against these domestic terrorists. I hope they start a GoFundMe page for this so-called vigilante
why he calling the riot a protest?
Why is the American communist media running photos and video of a 17 year old child that was just defending himself. They chased the child down the street and tried to kill him. This is simple self defense.
show the whole video that guy had all the right to defend him self i saw the whole video
One If By Land, Two If By Land... It has begun!
Today's winner of the Darwin award goes to...
Blake got what he deserved and these idiots that attacked this guy definitely got what they deserved. Of course they had a black guy doing the report.
Not all hero's wear capes
I'm sick of them calling this protests
WATER CANNONS CLEAR THEM ALL OUT
Has anyone Noticed "no Alfa Male rioters"  all Fat Girls and punks who would never stand there Ground? faces covered, Its a start anyway. we need old west Justice  break the LAW go to Jail or get shot.
"PROTESTERS" beware,there are others out there,you may be next
Self defense.
SHOOT EM DOWN
I admire that toughness of that young man. He really did a very very good job. He is a good shot in an awkward positions while shooting. Salute to that young man
RIOTS! Not protests.....  Why do you keep lying???
Blame the terrorist police officer's for all the looting. When will they learn?
Damnn he almost got the uav but the last guy got revived
Why didn't the kid with the gun just let protestors burn the neighborhood?
Ist Degree Murder charge for the yahoo who killed two protesters and injured another. For those who are so inclined, you can visit your hero in prison as he serves out  a sentence of life without the possibility of parole.
2 killed and 1 wounded but who cares?
self defence that what weapons are for if you feeling thrreated then use it
It will take more dead for the left wing commies to learn..
America is just gross.
What would have been that guy’s fate had he not fired his weapon. Case “dismissed”!
So you're telling me a real regulated militia man was necessary to preserve a Freestate and that his right to keep and bear arms prevailed?☝️😏
They weren't shot at a protest.. They were shot at a race riot.. They attacked the man before they were shot.. They got what they deserved.
I am assuming this was another peaceful protest.
wave a rifle around playing at soldiers thats what you get why cant every one just the fuck at home a mean wtf is protesting actually going to do .....most uf us go to the pub and tell us mates what we think  but just get on with life ...thats how it is ,,,ffs get a life
Oh what a lovely broadcasting. I just finished watching a video. Clearly showing a bunch of people going after the shooter before he tried  to defend himself.
If you want to disband police ...live peacefully....absolutely everyone !
They are riots.
I can't help but notice that he only shot people attacking him, and once they stopped attacking he didn't pursue them and simply removed got away from the violence. Looks like justifiable self defense from what I've seen.
All these protesters r killers! Because they are inviting these evil shooters to  Kill their brothers and sisters.
The shooting video looks like self-defense... The three attacked the boy with skateboards, and now two people are dead, and the third is hospitalized.  The news is calling this kid a militia type, and the rioters burning the community are just peaceful protesters 🤦‍♂️
To hell with these so called protestors. Enough of the crap. Go loot at your mothers home not at hard working Americas.
Real hero!
For you fanatics whining about your gun rights... this video-gaming punk from Ohio is not doing you (or us common sense gun owners) any favors! FYI:  The video gamer turned killer is KYLE RITTENHOUSE from Canton, Ohio.
The kid that did the shooting was a rep of back the blue.  Not antifa, not to  confused.  These are pumped up right wing militias , being fed false information from fox news and rush Limbaugh.  And other far out Q anon fools. BLM IS A CIVIL TIGHTS MOVEMENT. TO GO AGAINST BLM IS TO GO AGAINST FREEDOM!
If people would stay out of the streets they wouldnt get shot. If they where out in the streets doing all this stupid protest bull shit they probably deserved it anyways.
The shooter shouldn’t be charged with murder - he should be given an award.
Let me fix the headline for the leftist media " Two punks died from the Corona virus while rioting "
America has fall
why do you keep reporting protests? when they are clearly rioting and looting
I know that once I dropped the first fucker there'd be 29 more on the ground...."RELOADING!" ....then? Up to the TERRORISTs🤗☠️⚔️💀
I hope one day the media will be held to account for painting narratives that are counter to the facts to promote their agenda/political affiliation..
Don't bring a skateboard to a gun fight!
Those thugs had it coming. Karma. ANTIFA members cannot expect to hurt countless people and get away with it always. People are starting to defend themselves against these criminals.
C’mon man!
I have been a gun owner & hunter since 1964 and I cannot help but think... This what you get When The Right To Open-Carry Firearms Meets Video Gamers. These street punks with arms problem was inevitable, and most of us should have seen it coming.
I saw the video of the shooting before and it's extremely graphic, one of them even had a huge chunk of their arm torn off
Darwin at work ladies and gents.
Murder is way worse than vandalism.
Lesson for US Protesters. Don't come to a civil rights protest unarmed, you're target practice
It’s NOT TOO GRAPHIC to show. If more ppl saw the shooting & the bone sticking out of the arm then they would have the sense to not attack a man with a gun.
Bro wtf... i used to support the protest but now they just being stupid 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Y’all folks are something else
Very sad!!! But I guess 2 outta 3 will have to be good enough. 1 shot, 1 kill should be the rule of thumb!!!
These are straight thugs!
And the law enforcement trying to arrest Patriots who shoot looters should be shot also.
NOPE, AS ALWAYS THIS IS FAKE NEWS. 1) This is not a militia type suspect. This is an American citizen taking precautions of protecting himself among terrorists. 2) Nobody running away from gunshots was killed. The victim was an American citizen on the floor being attacked by the Democratic Party. They were going to execute him, he rightfully defended himself. We encourage all Americans to walk outside armed. Do not back down or stop to Democrats. Stand your ground, protect and defend yourself
Riot not protest. And I already know the real story. Man protects himself against angry rioters who wanted to kill him.  News channels cannot give out the correct story because it doesn't fit the narrative.
You Loot, Patriots Shoot. MAGA 🇺🇸
This is why people need 30 rd standard capacity mags.  Self defense from a mob
When the cops stop shooting black people, I imagine things will quiet down.
These idiots are rioting and looting over Jacob Blake- a criminal that had a warrant, and police were called on him, he refused to listen to any commands and resisted . He reached in his vehicle potentially for a weapon which he was known to have . He got what he had coming to him.  No sympathy for the piece of shit
"Open carry" is just a legal invitation to criminals, fascist militias and disturbed people, fixated on conspiracy theories & paranoid delusions to threaten, maim and kill others and mostly themselves.
Hahahahaha take that comies
I’m going to keep it real. Those that died didn’t value life or they wouldn’t have been caught up in that bullshit and the guys that lived learned a hard lesson and the person defending himself should get a pat on the pack for handling the trash in our society. Dude totally defended himself and I hope he doesn’t face anything because of the thugs that the media tries to portray as protesters.
Don't mess w/ working folks or the businesses they built.
Some people got hit so hard they never complained again-Henry Hill, Goodfellas
If it was murder he’d of killed the witness too.
This is just the beginning.  You're going to see more BLM and Antifa deaths. People are tired of this shit and are going to respond with force.  You think people who own businesses, homes, etc. want this even if they are Democrat or support BLM?
Why are these guys still calling it a protest? Do they really believe that by repeating something makes it true?
More stupid people protesting I am surprised more of them wasn’t shot and killed,No one knows who have a gun and is willing to defend themselves.Note I don’t own a gun never shot a gun so don’t think I am trigger happy just observing the situation.
What a crappy reporter.  Firstly, a militia member is based on their association with a militia organization.  There are hundreds of thousands of gun owners who owns AR style rifles & pistols who are not a militia members.  Also, there are many Antifa and BLM members walking around with their AR style rifles so are they militia members?  Maybe I’d the news can get their facts straight, maybe more people will believe them!
Justified. Media will never it play it that way though. They are the enemy of the people.
Self defense, they deserved it for trying to literally assault him.
WGN, the video of what happened directly before you started reporting is available.  Some might think you leaving out context shows your bias.
They shouldn't even be carrying a gun this dam shit shouldn't even be going on call in the military to stop all this crap
IT'S A RIOT NOT A PROTEST. FAKE MEDIA ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE.
These so-called "Protesters" as the media insist on calling them are just human garbage & cowards. They burned down & destroyed innocent people property that had NOTHING to do with Jacob Blake. And some good Samaritans finally say ENOUGH is ENOUGH and they attempt to frame this American protector as a vigilante is a disgrace i think.
That will stop them from burning the country down.
Owning an AR-15 makes you a "militia type person?"   Demonize everyone except for the people that are actually causing problems. Democrats and the media support terrorism.
"Militia type subject" - translation: an American citizen trying to protect their town from being destroyed
Krysy cerny zasrany
How can this be murder when he's trying to run away and you can hear a thug shouting 'get his ass'?  This is a clear case of self defense where the shooter is trying to disengage.  His problem will be explaining why he was there in the first place.  People, stay away from these riots.  Only if you own a business in danger or are hired to protect one will shooting these thugs be justified. Young mr Rittenhouse is going to get put through the ringer before he gets acquitted.
I do not see anyone getting shot running away, it seems an organized group are threatening a person sitting on their ass with a rifle.  The person with the shorts had pistol in his right hand, the guy sitting noticed he is about to be engaged and neutralized him with point plank fire action with .223 in the chest, JUSTIFIED! Note: The person in the ' shorts did die later of his wounds, JUSTIFIED!!  Lesson learn here: DO NOT BRING A PISTOL TO A RIFLE FIGHT.
"A beautiful sight to behold."thanks Pelosi.
He's an American patriot!
Welcome to  da hood
yeeeefuckin haw
This patriot will get what he deserves when the court sees the full uncut video of the mob assaulting him with Molotovs, bashing him to the head, and kicking while he’s been pushed to the ground. He tried to disengage at every point without losing his ground and the violent mob would not allow him to. They left him no choice but to shoot. And good for him to have the guts to do it. If you see the uncut video when he’s down even one of the ‘peaceful’ protesters has a handgun drawn within 5 feet of him.
Let's look at it objectively. Clearly, self defense. However, why is he there?  We know now that he's 17 years old. So where were his parents? Who owns that rifle?
Think yourself into the situation for a second. Protests, riots, confusing situation at night and a guy showing up with an assault rifle in the middle of everyone. What was he thinking would happen, everybody goes home because of him? Of course it's not okay if cars get burned or stores looted, but does that mean you can play police with an assault rifle? This guy took the risk, he went there with his loaded gun to eventually shoot somebody. That's why he is responsible for the outcome.
Beautiful patriots standing up To these criminals 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽❤️
Stop calling it protests. They're riots.
Clearly see a handgun in the hands of the guy who was shot
Those people deserved to be shot.  Good on the young man for defending himself.
That man should be fined for failing to shoot more rioters.
2 radical communist killed and 1 injured during riots by man defending himself. There fixed the title for you. And the msm really still doesn't get why more people believe in Bigfoot than them being honest?
Those two people who died are the HEROS they witnessed this man shooting at others and the police wouldn't stop him. They were trying to apprehend him.
Victims my ass, show the "victims" hitting him in the head with a skateboard or the "victim trying to take the riffle" Rioters got what they deserved and the world is a better place for it.
Police reap what they sow. We owe watching this kind of entertainment from police brutality, the root of all kinds of evil....The losers are the lawmakers  and the city who lose $$$$$$ in destruction.  No one wants to concede, it has become some form of soap opera.
Completely justified. Fake News. The media is the problem.
Wow I thought this was ¨ Peaceful Protest¨ just ask any Democrat,Looks like the guy was about to get shot,as the mob of thugs were on him. Surprise.   Noticed how the cowards ran when it was even.
So a 17 year old white boy can run down the street with a gun killing 3 ppl...police pay no attn until its pointed out and he is finally arrested... You have the right to carry arms at 18..not 17...  Second...the original man who was shit 7 damn times has no gun...but this white boy has heavy armor...killed 3 ppl and is ALIVE!!!! THIS IS BULLSHIT!
This is what it has come down to. The rioters caused this.
NO REAL JUSTICE = NO PEACE.   Real justice (this is spiritual justice with real freedom of expression) was made impossible in this nation by the McCollum v. Board of Education, 333 U.S. 203 (1948), 8-1 abrogating the First Amendment Rights of teachers who believe in the teachings of Jesus to teach school students the spiritual, moral, ethical and civic values taught by Jesus to His followers when He walked on this earth. Those spiritual, moral, ethical and civic values taught by Jesus according to Matthew 5:43-47, Matthew 19:18-19, Matthew 20:25-27, Matthew 22:21 and Matthew 28:20 are easy to read, to understand and to keep in mind: All students going to school and all citizens in this nation should be taught to abstain from hating anyone, abstain from killing anyone, abstain from raping anyone or any kind of sexual perversity, abstain from robbing any one, abstain from spreading lies against anyone, be proactive in honoring their mother and father and in being proactive in loving others as they love themselves and that it is the role of the government to be a servant to the welfare of all members of society, give back to Caesar what is Caesar’s (this is to pay our fair share of taxes to support basic public services expected from the government), and to God what is God’s while they have also been commissioned by our Lord Jesus Christ to go everywhere in this world including the United States of America to teach those same instructions to every man, woman and child of this planet Earth.   As Americans, we have been willing to accept the social injustice that we later derive by teaching our students that we are the end product of a purposeless, unintelligent process of evolution and we are ending up with an unintelligent, purposeless way of how to have happier, safer streets in our neighborhoods. As a nation, we have been more willing to put judges in court that would affirm the rights of a boy to think that he is a girl and enter into a girl's bathroom or a girl to say that she is a boy and to enter into a boy's bathroom than to listen to the teachings of Jesus in our classrooms as quoted above and that we have been created as male and female as taught by Jesus in Matthew 19:4. We have been more willing to fight for the rights to own and be able to use guns than to fight for the rights of our school students to listen to the spiritual, moral, ethical and civic values taught by our Lord Jesus as quoted above.
Do not resist arrest,and do not attack a man with rifle.
When you poke a sleeping bear long enough, you get the claws and fangs! the bear is waking.
THEIR  not happy until they unleash the antichrist ? Keep this up an You will get you're wishes people. MAY FATHER,   FORGIVE YOU ! ! !  AN HAVE MERCY ON US ALL. THANK YOU FATHER, ! ! !
0:32 you can see the guy running away with pistol clearly in hand. He was trying to murder that kid and he got shot first instead.
A mob of people set themselves on a 17 year old kid with a rifle. They chase him down start attacking him, these people got what they deserved.
"2 killed, 1 wounded at RIOTS in Wisconsin over police shooting of Jacob Blake"  Fixed it for ya, fakenews.
"Peaceful protests"
So if you carry a AR15 you are now a member of a militia?
America 3 - Rioters 0 Video clearly shows the guy was being chased by a mob and one of them had a gun and another used a skate board as a weapon. This shooting was clearly self defense.
A HERO
They didn't show or say anything about someone shooting back at him after the incident as he was walking away. Because of course they wouldn't
Why are you showing the cars and acting as if that even matters when people were shot and killed?
Peaceful lawful protests are one thing. Looting firebombing etc are just criminal acts plain and simple
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
You know, the videos are out there. Stop spinning this to seem as though this was some unprovoked attack on peaceful protesters. This was self defense against violent idiots.
This is pure Horrible horrifying...If The POLICE is wrong let the court handle it...U people out Killing A d destroying, ur a no better.....JESUS IS SOON TO COME AND U PEOPLE OUT STEALING, KILLING, DESTROYING & JESUS IS COMING IN A HOUR U THINK NOT...U WILLBE LEFT BEHIND STEALING KILLING,  U BE BETTER OFF IF U WAS HOME FASTING A ND PRAYING... IF MY PEOPLE THAT ARE CALL BY MY NAME WLD HUMBLE THEMSELVES, SEEK, TURN FROM THEIR  WICKED WAYS. THEN I WILL HEAR AND HEAL UR LAND....GOD ISNT IN  THIS BLM....SATAN IS BEHIND IT AND LOL BCUS HE GOT U RIGHT WHERE HE WANTS U...AND JESUS IS COMING SOON......SAVE URSELF  BLM....🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
This isn't North Korea. The first amendment means you have the right to protest without getting shot...
A 17 year old fro Antioch Illinois was the shooter, outsiders causing trouble.
It's just a same he didn't get more of the MF. There's no "peaceful protesting" there's rioting. You should be giving him a metal for protecting people's property. All I can say is F**k black lives matter! All lives matter.
How do you know he wasn’t protecting himself from the commie a&$ wipes?
go home people...
The great equalizer
Sounds like a citizen protecting himself and his property. Not a “suspect”. When you take away the power of the police, law abiding citizens have to protect themselves
2Bad It Was Only 2 Killed..Im Praying Everyday For So Many More..You BLM Trash Are Truly Lucky I'm Not Your President..Much Respect To The Shooters..🤘Trump 2020
dude was attacked by a whole mob tf he supposed to do? it's called self defense you bums
I thought they were "peaceful" 😂😂😂😂 ask and you shall receive
This is America!
I’m a republican and I can’t stand rioters but at the end of the day we’re all Americans. Let’s stop letting the main stream media divide us
Good
Let me get this right all these do gooders are protesting because a Rapist got shot.
kid was getting swarmed by people trying to jump him... they just say how a guy got shot running away. fucking news
Violence begets violence.
More of those A- holes should have been dropped!!! 2??? that's it ??? It was an fn' mob...drop them like a bad habbit! DONE!!! Time to roll heads!!!
Mob chases armed person, get shot. It's called self defense.
We have a right to protect ourselves and our country from invaders and terrorists foreign or domestic.   These are planned violent attacks and paid for and directed by America hating political parties and gangs whose intentions are to overthrow the government of The United States.
SHOW THE WHOLE CLIP, WGN.
Rest in piss ❤️
Run up get done up
00:29  "It was to graphic to show in its entirety, but you see a man who was shot running a way from the gun fire"   The man was shot while charging the armed individual on the ground BEFORE running away.    This is such a conveniently ambiguous statement to describe this event. The media should be charged for every violent interaction when it is this kind of misrepresentation of the truth that is fueling this fire.
It was an ambush why aren't you reporting the truth those militants were telling people of bml that they were there to protect them and as soon as the police engaged the protesters the militants opened fire on bml thats the truth and no one is arrest thats funny even tho you showed the gun mans face
Justified
Such terrible reporting
Oh goodness.  The shooter was carrying an AR-15 gun.  Yeah, and apparently it was very effective for stopping a criminal.
People rioting and destroying properties are called peaceful. A man protecting his self during that it’s called a vigilante 🤷‍♂️. Maybe there’s more to the story. Will see
“Running away from the gun fire???” That F**ker had a glock in his hand chancing him down with the violent mob! And this is after the guy was shoot at by people burning shit down, in witch he shot a person in the head who opened fire on him first. Then they chased him down and he returned fire again. Good For Him!
This civil war sucks, let's get it to the next level already!
Don't bring a skateboard to a gunfight! 🤣
These RIOTERS use their skateboards, fire and melee type weapons hitting people in the face head body that can and DO cause paralysis, maiming and DEATH etc
Good
Clearly, not enough were shot. Maybe the good guy can come back for an encore.
I am certain the shooters will be happy to present themselves to actual authorities since they did nothing wrong... ???
I would like to shake the person's hand and those protesters had it coming!
Let's see..the guy who was shot which started this mess was walking away from cops ignoring commands then opens his car door.  I've been arrested at gunpoint several times.. I did what they told me to do..and I didn't get shot.  These idiots get shot because they too stupid to obey commands.  Y'all keep pushing these cops you gonna keep getting shot. The decision is yours
well, we can add more to BLM and Antifa's body count.
LOVE IT ----GIVE THE GUY A MEDAL AND MORE AMMO
Play stupid games when stupid prizes
We want police department eliminated from Wisconsin
GAME OVER!! Some of these people think this is a video game and don't realize they can't come back if they get shot and die and/or grow back a body part. Either way it's GAME OVER!!
Show the full video you crooks
When the police have terminology like "Militia-like suspect", you know their intentions are reaaaal crooked. Just pointing out
Weapons are not needed at a protest, look up Martin Luther king that us how a protest should be.
It's not a protest it's a riot get it right
What a nice measured and mellow delivery of news.
Vote Trump for Prison 2021!!!!!🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
It's not a protest, it's not a riot, it's a damn war against BLM, Antifa and the leftist traitors.
Finally that’s what I been saying, start popping heads. And all this bull shit will stop.
All the scared people rally crying on YouTube don't need to be on here crying. Go say some.
I like how the rioters yelled "call the police"! The media is trying to frame him for murder thou the videos proves it's in self defense.
They where charging him . You "News" reporters need to do your jobs . They charged him when he was on the floor yeah he screwed up but dont bend the story . Im not defending him im just saying tell the truth or get a new job .
Why are there riots? This is all because of Jacob Blake??, The shooting was justified clear as day! The fact is these people use BLM to go loot,steal burn the city and truth is they don’t Give a damn about black lives.
If you won't show the video then you're useless
HEY MORJUANS ITS SIMPLE ---IT YOU DON'T WANT TO GET SHOOT BY 5/0 ----COMPLY----- OR DIE
Three people where shot by fascists, points at car to show how violent the protests where. Dumbass.
make him a rnc speaker
American dream hahahahaha 17 years old with a gun hahaahahahahahahaha
BOOM BOOM BOOM -----3 MORE THUGS BITE THE BULLET----LMAO LMAO LMAO
These are not protest, these are anarchist riots using police shootings as an excuse.  They are also designed to start a race war in order for the Socialists/Communists to do away with American Democracy.  Many of the rioters are paid by Socialist/Communist like George Soros.  The shooting of the rioters was self-defense!  The man with the gun was walking quickly away when he was attacked by several rioters, one of whom grabbed his gun by the barrel which is why he was killed. Grabbing the barrel would cause the trigger to move.  You can say he killed himself almost.  The groups funding and supporting these riots are;  The Democrat Party, the ACLU, the SPLC, Mainstream American News Stations, Islam, the American Communist Party, and the LGBTQ movement.  All of these will benefit from a Socialist/Communist government.  Like the other shootings< I am sure the propaganda Mainstream News will not show you all the details, or give you all the facts.  The Mainstream American  News shapes stories in order to lead you away from the truth.  They misinform you to control what you think! ABC, CBS, NBC, NPR, MSNBC, CNN, do not inform you, they indoctrinated you!
He is militia stopping domestic terrorism, let him go with a pat on the back.
THE SUN HAS SET ON THE AMERICA I USE TO KNOW.  RIP. 1776-2020 EPITAPH; WAS ONCE THE WORLDS BEACON OF HOPE, NOW IT LOOKS LIKE THE MIDDLE EAST.
So having an AR means you’re in a “Militia” ?
Liberals: Let’s attack the rifleman with our skateboards. Get his ass! Wait, What? Help call 911
I like this guy and I aint talking about the brown reporter...!!!!!!
Well, they brought it on themselves. They tried to bum rush the one AMERICAN citizen that was open carrying & trying to protect property from being LOOTED & BURNT TO THE GROUND. Not militia, just a citizen that went prepared for these violent, radical, criminal BLM mobs.
PATRIOTS TAKE BACK THE STREETS IN MOBS AND WEAR MASK TO HIDE YOU IDs LIKE BLM AND ANTIFA DO ----TAKE OUT THE LEFTIST TRASH
Luckily the 'Shooter' wasn't carrying an AK47..or it would have been 'Russian Influencing' =))
Call me when looters, rioters and deranged leftists start actually being prosecuted and jailed for their outright murderous and terroristic activities.  Until then, this is a staged farce, and has nothing to do with "racial justice" or any other Marxist-based propagandistic dogma.  That BLM and Antifa rhetoric is all a pose.  Real people do not loot and riot at the drop of a hat, and certainly not over the fate of a known criminal who was a real danger to his society.  This is an active measures operation, and if Trump loses in November, expect it to come to a 'hood near you.  If he wins, MAYBE we get actual federal prosecution of the malignantly corrupt local governments that have allowed things to go this far.
brave young man
Don’t bring a skateboard to a gunfight, just saying
So this this look like a white guy anyone other me think its that, police shot black man 7 time no weapon and they didn't shoot this guy with a weapon
BLM: I have a dream...I have a head wound. LMAO
I see people in comments joking and even supporting the shooter... Just wow that just makes me loose faith in people
Militia huh? WTF do you call the people trying to kill him?
Oh wait! A shooting in that country? This shouldn't be a news. Is something normal in that third world country.
Good clean kills
Time to start shouting all BLM Terrorists
👿
LETS START A GO FUND ME PAGE FOR THE SHOOTER
Good for him! End these terrorist thugs!
That's not protesting y'all, its prison rioting
TIME TO TAKE OUT BLM AND LEFTIST MAYORS DA"S AND GOVERNORS
People are claiming that the protesters are violent but the cops and the white supremacists are the only ones that are committing actual killings...
If you attempt to beat up a man while he is down he has all rights to defend himself.
Cops murder everyday. Ftp
Thugs gonna find out.   People are tired of the rioting, looting and THUG BS.   Hopefully people start shooting more so they stop terrorizing the country.
Too bad it wasn't 100s shot and killed
0:24 gangnam style
This shit was not peaceful at all. Look for the live streams. They attack that man. Chased him with a molotov and rushed him which forced him to defend himself.  But no! Dont show the part where he was being attacked   And the guy in the stills. Ran at him with a handgun and got his arm blown to shit.  Get the shit straight
VIDEO IS NOW SHOWING THEY ATTACKED HIM -----CLEARLY SELF DEFENSE ----I LOVE WATCHING PATRIOTS TAKE OUT THE SCUM ----BLM----BURN LOOT AND MURDER
I'm born and raised in Portland, I just got back from a road trip w/my wife in Idaho.  The citizens of ID told me repeatedly that it is my civil duty to protect my city by any means necessary.  Here we go!!!!  Terrorists will be dealt with!
2 killed because 1 guy got killed. The left seems to have lost the point here.
These aren’t protesters.   They are thugs
Not protests, riots.
The fake liberal news media....a crowd attacks the man, they are screaming to get him.  He is assaulted while RUNNING AWAY.  He shoots them while on the ground and they say he is a militia.  ROFL!  Self defense.  He should have shot all of their stupid asses!
At 1:20 there's a white guy holding a sign that says "No lives matter until black lives matter". This nonsense is just getting so pathetic.
BLM and ANTIFA need wiped out period. These aren’t even protests, all political. Looting, arson, destruction. It’s pathetic. Will never give up my right to carry. Times like this. Everyone should be armed. This is self defense. Someone’s gotta put a stop to these riots.
Change the law. Execute fire starting radicals
remember the one leader of burn loot and murder even said ,"by any means necessary."  So time to take the BLM out by any means necessary!!!
How do we start a go fund me for the shooter ??
Attacking someone with a gun. Now what could got wrong?
Have a prayer meeting, In front of both police 👮 house 🏠. 🔥
It's going to get worse as the years go by! Civil War and World War, Race/ Tribe Wars! More hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes,fires, plagues, viruses, depression. End Times! I hope and pray you know Jesus!
Peaceful protesters.  You'll have this when they get together  .its just unfortunate happening because of the cause. Like friendly fire during war.
The mighty USA reduced to chaos, blood on the streets, looting, riots. They no longer lead the free world because they can't lead themselves...voting in Trump has resulted in the decimation of a once proud and feared nation.
He is the only smart one.
So I'm sitting in the comfort of my home at night(with no threat in sight), grab my rifle and head out to find one, confront some protesters/"riots" , I all of a sudden cause a threat to them with my rifle and I terminate the threat that I caused, then go back to the comfort of my home where there was no threat to begin with.....: AMERICA Ladies and Gentlemen, AMERICA
Dear  MSM.  The people will never forget the lies you told.  And they will not forgive.  MSM is responsible for all this mess.
How sad......Protestors...Looters...Rioters...& Vandals  being SHOT...=))
JUSTIFIED shooting!  This is the definition of SELF DEFENSE.  My prayers are with this man.  He saved his own life.
I saw this shit live! They were killed Antifa Activists committing Crimes against Persons and Property! Its all on video! The vehicles were damaged and set afire by the punk skateboarder that got violent, and was shot point blank in the head! After all this happened; Silence, and Peace...All protesters got their asses home!! Sometimes, We have to confront Evil, and stop its insanity...I saw it all, and watch each person die, and one armed Antifa get his entire Right Elbow blown off as he tried to draw his weapon as he and others attacked a man on his back in the street! He managed to shoot, and well? It was about ten people against him...All dressed in Black...
Good to hear that we are dropping those commie bastards in the streets i hope more get it
Top bad he couldnt end more of them...
Isn't there more video on what actually happened? Was the shooting really justified
The guy was a white supremacist (loser) with a long history of making incendiary comments on social media.  He just went down there to see if he could do a little law enforcement of his own.  Hope he brought his KY with him; he will need it.
He is AN hero defending himself
GUY WITH SIGN SAYING NO LIVES MATTER UNTIL BLM...ALL THESE PEOPLE PROTESTING BUT WHEN A INNOCENT COP IS KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY THEY AINT DO SHIT BOUT IT TOO SO COPS LIVES NEVER MATTER IN THE FIRST PLACE
Well that kid is being charged with first degree murder. Gloves mean he had an intent to kill.
"Too graphic to show" while even the sun from the UK shows the video showing a mob of thugs trying to beat up a guy who was running away and tripped  Then this reporter calls the rioters 'the victims' not the perpetrators when they only got shot after 4 different guys tried kicking him on the ground and one of them kicked the soon to be shooter on his head FAKE NEWS
Sex offender shot resisting arrest. So?
Support cops 👮🏻‍♀️🚓💙🇺🇸
yeah......................id rather get beat by like 8 people than shot by a AR to the face
Salute him with a gun in his hand but doesn't resist Arrested . Good example for BLM protester never resist arrest if you don't want to get shot by policeman. By the way innocent people never have problem with cops.
The suspects belonged to BLM, right?
Stop anarchism 🛑
If they don’t hesitate to show all the damage these rioters inflict on civilians and property don’t tell me it’s too graphic to show them getting dealt with like they deserve
he shouldn't be charged
If your a Antifa/BLM/Marxist Communist Demoncrat supporter your on "Santans" team!
Riot. It was a riot. They were rioters. NOT protesters.
Looks like a peaceful protest
Watched the video in slow motion and looks like the victims were genuinely trying to disarm a shooter, which is fair enough. None of them had weapons or tried to harm him directly. I've no doubt he was scared and shot anyone that approached him, but he put himself in that situation with an assault rifle and no uniform. It was reckless endangerment. Not murder, but should definitely go to jail for manslaughter. Plus his stupidity may have just triggered a race war given the collective stupidity of the comments here
what a load of bollocks they call themselves a news show.. i call it piss poor reporting........
Just what the democrat party wants, but they want this all across America.
Just shoot em!
Heck i thought the protesters wanted to defund the police. But there running yalling for the police to help.
Anyone. Would defend their lives and personal property. Honestly speaking.
I guess you’re a one man militia now if you are protecting your own life.
Better censor them trying to Kick and hit him with a skateboard after yelling. Get his ass. Lol news is so pathetic these days. True shit media.
If the black lives matter mob were to attack that daycare and kill all the kids The media would just say yes people are outraged!!
Self Defense.
Love how the always mess with the police or throw stuff at them beat up police threatening police but yet when the protesters get shot who was there in a armored car to take them to the hospital the police. Or should the police let him lay there and die.
Poor Korean fell out of his nest on the roof.🏢🎎
They don't show the guy he shot in the photo had a handgun
That dude was legit lmao
Play stupid games - win stupid prizes.
Stop breaking the law
That 17 year old white supremacist is apart of a group called boogaloo boys. He went looking for trouble with GLOVES on 🤔. He approached protestors and shot one then went on to shoot another after protestors began to call him out while attempting to disarm him. Later he’s seen walking right passed cops. After that he’s seen on video WITH police laughing and talking about him shooting two people.
You mean during the riot
They all look like homeless millennials to me.
That's what they get this should happen more
1000% Justified !
Try and gang mob a sole defender with a gun?  You absolutely deserve what you get!  No remorse given to violent attackers period!!!!
Surprised pikachu face
Nothing says Black Lives Matter more than vandalizing a day care over police shooting a rapist and child molester resisting and possibly shooting the police.
The mob chased a guy with a carbine.  Three hit, two dead, the guy they were attacking walked away.  Think of it as evolution in action.
They conveniently left out the first kid killed which was at the car lot the patriot was defending from being burned. He was attacked there first.
So my question is was the protest peaceful?
This is a dirty shame. Only Two !!!!  Better luck tonight
Shoot to kill; then this shit will stop.
When you grab a gun and travel to a city you don't live in to play tough guy vigilante, you are NOT a victim. His chubby, out of shape @ss fell down running because he's a coward without that gun...like most of people on this thread are.  He 'fears for his life' everyday even when there isn't a protest, because he knows he's inadequate.
...and not one person recorded the violent mob attacking him??
Good , people have had enough.
All over another CRIMINAL not complying with officers whom had a knife in his hand and an active warrant for domestic violence. Hahahaha These are about the dumbest people ever.  Need to follow the mob home and burn down all thier shit. They have changed nothing and just made more people hate them. Bring that noise down my block in Texas and yo ass gonna get shot too.
BLM.........KEEP RIOTING.....BLM
I am so glad it was those blm who were shot and killed and NOT some innocent child.  blm are damaging and hurting America and what happened last night to those scum was plain ole street justice as far as Im concerned.  Looked to me in the video like the dude was trying to protect himself against a black mob attack
Call the Social Workers
The real problem is that folks are showing up to these events while knowing full there are not going to go very well.
That is great news. This same political group set my 1st gen immigrant moms business on fire so I really don't care if they get smoked while trying to lynch someone.
The latest excuse for louts to burn property and attack innocent citizens is the so-called shooting of Jacob Blake. This man was arrested pending a prior criminal case, he was a felon sex offender with a history of disorderly conduct and domestic abuse. He fought with the police, said he intended to shoot them and refused police instructions to stop going into his car for a weapon. What do you expect the police to do ? These rioters do not seem to possess the restraint that they expect the police to have. Blake is not the type of individual anyone would trust with their lives.
MSM=#1 ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!!! 👑 CHRIST IS KING 👑
Protests?  What the hell are you talking about?
He was protecting people's property and lives against a violent mob who were bent on killing and destruction they got what they were looking for
When a group of people attack someone that person has every right to defend themselves .. BLM has already killed 30+ people , they finally got some of their own medicine.
he shouldnt have been there in the first place , you dont shoot somebody and then go cry to mommy n daddy.
"you see the man that was shot running away from the gun fire" You see the man that was shot (after he attacked the person then shot) (then) running way from the gunfire...  freakin media...
How do we hold the democratic govs, mayors, city councils and yes some police leadership accountable for enabling these blm thugs/criminals?   Or perhaps, these cities deserve this Somalia type of criminality...otherwise, they'd petition the removal of these pathetic politicians!  The United States should not allow blm terrorists to openly threaten citizens--yet it occurs daily and supported by the media as well as activists and leadership in basketball, football, baseball, and many major corporations.
Why don't you show the part where he was being CHASED BY A MOB AND HE HAD TO DEFEND HIMSELF!?😠 You people in the media think we watching are stupid! Right? You'd be surprised how dumb you sound and look trying to "protect our virgin eyes" from seeing WHAT WE'VE SEEN BEFORE YOU! Useless MSM!😠
You tube trying to hide the fact that it was self defense. Thats why they won't show the video
How can a government using its military force shooting towards its own people???We are not American citizens??? We are not the same human beings? If our fellow African Americans cannot really control the United States Armed Forces, nuclear weapons, and Fed, we will be the slaves of the White forever!
If it was a BLACK MILITARY MAN COMING OUT TO HELP THE COP THEY WOULDVE SHOT HIM BEFORE EVER SAID A WORD
It’s the governments fault , the government just  lets the rioters do what they may , while they mark their buildings with BLM , of course the person that was defending themselves are the criminals, never mind the full version of the video in question
I knoe for a fact the shooter is going to jail for murder I did my research peace will be serve like the button if u want the shooter to go to jail
Self defense
The Democracy-Now channel said two protesters wanted to disarm the AR-15 guy.  Well, DN has no way of knowing what the disarmers' intentions were.  But even if all they wanted to do was disarm him, it sure was a really bad idea.  When I see guys with AR-15s, the very last thing on my mind is trying to disarm them.
Wow! Just a update from Fox... Juvenile arrested for the shootings!🤔
Those are not demonstrators they are outright rioters and the individual who shot did so in self-defense. Enough with the destruction all in the name of criminals who cannot follow lawful orders. Citizens should not have to defend themselves from these terrorists. However, with the lack of proper governing by the Democrats in these areas, this will only get worse.
Was it 2 police officers that died??? If not .. y’all shooting the WRONG WAY.
Kyle was justified in what he did. Great job Kyle. Deleted a few thugs from society...the world is a little bit of a better place.
Good shooting! Let him walk! He’s no suspect! He’s a patriot! We’re sick of this liberal terrorist army burning our lives down! The second amendment tells us to destroy tyrants! If this socialist army isn’t tyranny, I DONT KNOW WHAT IS!
Main Stream Media is part to blame for sensationalizing these antifa and BLM hoodlums. Innocent blood are in their hands.
LOL
Why does so many ppl think black lives doesn't matter and it's all about police being racist ?...  the police shot twice as much white ppl every year.
AR 15 GUN. LMAO get em!
I guess this shit got real for the mob rioters,,They think they can do whatever,,, Well I guess NOT!
He was just defending himself
You all going to find out...
shoot em all
Everyone talking bad about the protestors, but no one is upset about a man that was shot 7 times in the back, which started all this mess, and I hope they will get the devil that open fire on these people, I hope they kill the evil racists devil
The kid was out there as a medic.... the crowd turned on him
So what about the guy protester  with the hand gun that was shot?  See the guy that feared for his life after getting peppered sprayed,kicked,  decided he wasnt gonna die at hands of thugs. Hate to hear people died but you continue harassing people and looting,rioting things will get worse.
Can anyone link me to uncensored footage? I'm fucking sick of being treated like a child by our corporate overlords from the media and YouTube.
the reporter is so soft spoken person.
Self defense, plain and simple.
Haha! They just charged this dumbass with murder!
Now is the time for all good men and women to come to the aid of their country. Vote Red in November.
These out of town klan groups has hooked up with the local sheriff department and let them roam free to shoot and kill.
America is not the super power it used to be as its own people are killing each other. Its kinda sad and funny at the same time .
HERO! Hope this starts a new norm. Time to take back our country from these thugs.
So are they protesters or rioters?
FAKE NEWS:  This news guy said "you see a man who was shot running away from the gun fire"   WRONG.  One of the 8 or 9 guys attacking the shooter was shot as he was attacking the shooter who had been knocked down to the ground when he was shot - he then ran away.  The guy who fired was being chased for about 16 seconds in the video, during that time people ran up and punched him in the head and swung a skate board (Antifa's favorite weapon) at him.  No shots where fired till they had knocked the guy to the ground and started attacking him.  It looks like the first guy who got shot at was someone trying to kick him in the head.  This is clear self defense and my only sympathy goes out to the parents of the kids who died,  not because their kid died but that they ended up raising such a violent horrible piece of shit as a child.   Those kids attacked someone who was openly carrying a rifle, how fucking dumb were your kids?    (dumb enough to get themselves killed)
It was a protest UNTIL THEY STARTED THE VIOLENCE THEN ITS A RIOT NOT PROTEST.THE PEOPLE SHOT GOT VIOLENT WITH SOMEONE AND THAT SOMEONE HAS  A RIGHT TO DEFEND HIMSELF SO THEY GOT WHAT THEY ASKED FOr
Don’t touch anyone or someone’s   property if you’re there for peaceful protest.
Sadly dumb people won’t learn from their mistakes in time
Only shot 3?what discipline
This was bound to happen in a state where concealed and open carry is allowed. People don't mind peaceful protests because that is your right. But rioting and looting is not a right and will be stopped in this state. They better be extra careful around a home. Castle doctrine in Wisconsin will make the shooting even more justified.
Word to the not so wise don't attack someone with an AR-15 you stupid idiots
What sense does it make to destroy local businesses? Only stupid assholes do that.
They attack the kid on ground and he defended himself
Media always  vomiting their bias.
i think shooter is upset...maybe the protesters burn his car or house or damage his property or something protesters did bad thing to him...i am guessing what do you think...there always cause and effect...
it makes me sad to see the world come to this the evil is taking over so is hate the only way to kill hate is pure love and being humble remember we all die memento mori
He was peacefully protesting getting curb stomped
“Militia type suspect”??? 😂 where the hell was his militia idiot?? What ever happened to facts??
I'm glad they are dead
Leave out the part where the guy who was shot tried to curb stomp the shooter. A long with a crowd of five other people.
Hey Man Nice Shot!
Hey Lefties... Sometimes a good run is better than a bad stand.
Demoncrats are evil, they must be met with heavy resistance. Demoncrats don't care about black lives they care about vlack votes and some blacks are waking up to this finally
The real silly thing is the shooter was providing that same group of morons medical assistance earlier in the night. There is video of it, he claims to be an EMT.
Do you think the guy who is recovering will be attacking his community again any time soon? XD
These three Einstein`s tried to attack a guy with an AR? lol They deserve everything they got. This WILL keep happening more often.
Fucked around and found out.
Let that poor guy with his rifle go. He defended life and liberty.
They need to stop with all this protesting bullshit offscourse we need to protect our own Lifes because this prosters dont care Eather
They deserved to get shot dead.
Ban assault rifles! No more military wannabe killers.
Patriots must open fire on these thugs
I wish the reporter would stop calling it a protest it was a RIOT.
Any excuse to loot,, riot, burn, beat up on cops and kill.
Not a protest. A riot. This needs to stop, Cities need to just take these thugs down.
I say the people need to find him before the cops do and I say an eye for an eye
So many idiots trolls in the comment trying to defend a mass shooter. Pathetic people.
Good get them all...
Why don’t you tell the whole story?
It was self defense
Wgn is garbage.
"2 people were shot during the 'protest'" are you kidding me? Protest? That's called a riot.
Self Defense.
Shoot more looters
Hey I’d just like to say you democrats out there are doing a super great job! Keep up the great work lol. Pos need not showing a legally armed citizen defending himself against a bunch of attacking idiots. YOU ARE THE PROBLEM.
Glad he killed 2 people.  Would have been better if he got all 3
Arrestet all terrorist from antifa and blm !
This is horrible sounds like theres 1 less hardcore rapist criminal off the street. Ohh boy guess I ll loose sleep tonight.
Look up the vidoes. Make your own opinion. Media lies Biden 2020
SENATOR HIRONO OF HAWAII,,, Are you willing to denounce BLM as VIOLENT yet? Still keeping those lips closed so more people can die to promote whatever your current agenda might be? Maybe BLM will open up a branch office in Hawaii so YOUR constituents at home can get a taste of what you promote and support for Americans here in the 48!!
I own a AR-15 and other people I know also own one and no one is in the militia. You report that people are saying? How about you do your job as a journalist and find out the truth.
Nice work!
Oh. Violent rioters trying to beat the fuck out of/kill this guy got shot? Sad
Free Venezuela, free Hong Kong!!! "a beautiful sight to behold" Pelosy  Ooooohhhhh wait!!!  Wrong country hahahahahahahah KARMA
Glad the rabid animals got what they deserve. What a way to die...rioting over the shooting of a complete poc criminal moron. Lmao
You forgot the part where they tried to kick the dude in the face and killed them in self defense
That news anchor said protest but i think he means riot.
that guy holding the AR looks like a psychopath
Civil war is coming. Not line up and shoot each other, it will be gunfights in streets, explosives, and assignations. God help us.
Golly Gee Willikers  Peaceful protesters getting shot ... Imagine that!  LMAO
he was an armed EMT and he was attacked, apparently owning a rifle means your part of some make believe militia
He's militia because he was carrying an ar15?  Morons.....
DEAR WGN,  YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED REMAIN INTELLECTUALLY DISHONEST. Until such time as the Marxists you support actually gain power, AND CEASE THE GUNS (They will ALL be killed if they try), until that snowball’s chance of events happens, you are still allowed to tell the truth. Now I know Leftist Media types such as yourselves, have TDD (Truth Discernment Disorder), a close cousin to Trump Derangement Syndrome, Protestors DO NOT BURN, LOOT, FIGHT WITH POLICE, OR SHOOT ANYONE.   People who do those things are callec RIOTERS, MOBSTERS, and/or Murderers.
Everybody is defending this boy but according to Wisconsin gun laws... you have to be 18 in order to open or concealed carry. Everyone is saying he’s 17. There’s no way to justify the shooting when he was in the wrong the moment he left his house and drove 2 hours to a protest with a gun.
Oh you mean this isn’t a video? Get what you get 💛😈
Not glad it happened but not sad
Stop attacking people and you'll be fine...
Those violent protesters deserve everything they get, shot or otherwise if they come & raid & burn our cities! They need to join our military! Go overseas & fight wars & stop playing those stupid war video games then try to replicate them in our American streets!
We should all be reserving our judgement at this stage, the information is too poor and the sources of information all have compelling interests. Listen and think. Also, I know something of how broadcasters are trained and this guy is really good it is very hard it is to pull off a confident, competent, and yet reserved tone.
Join the fight against this criminal and evil racist government and police all across the states
All you need to repent
You forgot to show the moment when he was attacked by 3 or 4 guys.
It was self defense! Other streamers have more content from earlier. 200 Cops with riot gear can't clear rioters out of the street but 1 pissed off patriot with a rifle sure can!!
He defended himself I am armed and I will shoot an idiot trying to attack me. He did nothing wrong
Well that daycare has to pay for its sins sooo
I have been saying all along the only way to stop these violent mobs is to shoot them, obviously nothing else is working. people have had enough and this is only the beginning Im afraid.
Gee I bet the shooter wasn’t black must of been a white guy who supports black lives matter but cnn will say it’s a peaceful shooting to a peaceful protest but reality check these black people need to get a job and go to work because if black people leave I guarantee white antifa people will leave super fast
Antifa are fair game, they purport violence so should expect retalliation.
Civil war is coming soon
sign: "no lives matter until black lives matter".  Yes, we can see that you guys don't value ANY lives, even though black lives DO matter.  Who in the USA thinks black lives don't matter.  This ridiculous idea that there are people who spend their whole day thinking up ways to keep black people down is insane.  The idea that the entire USA governmental system is systemically racist is ridiculous.  Are there racist individuals in the US?  YES.  But is the system racist?  NO, if the system was racist then you wouldn't have black judges, black lawyers, black doctors, black senators, black Presidents, etc....the list goes on. Can we just end the nonsense that because a HANDFUL of black people were killed by the cops when they were complying in a year across the entire USA, only a handful compliant black people have been killed...that is not racism.  This new incident, he was OBVIOUSLY not complying and OBVIOUSLY reaching into his car for something.  Yeah, any cop in their right mind would have shot to save their own life.  People of every race needs to comply with the police.  You make stupid choices, you get bad results...100% of the time.
Вы охринели?!
If that guy didn't have the gun he probably would have been killed by those rioters. Imagine being stomped in the head and smashed in the skull with a skateboatd truck. I fully understand why he had to shoot.
Civil War is coming
I hope the shooter gets away and this becomes the new trend to end this violence. It will take a parade of caskets full of antqueefa and BLM rioters to end this nonsense.
He was about to get killed and defended himself.
Protesters huh? This is sick. This country is turning to crap.
Good shooting.
Attack a man carrying an assault rifle and things may not go your way.
TALK ABOUT A ONE SIDED PROPAGANDA PIECE ! ........ Not reporting the entire incident in context is PROPAGANDA. WGN News can not be trusted.
“There’s a guy open carrying, let’s rush him in numbers and try beat him up”
No surprise, really, as this is the way of all Earthly empires. But I know if this nation cannot reconcile its differences, if the people of this nation cannot again see the humanity in even their enemies, if we can't again remember that we're all supposed to be in this together despite our sociopolitical differences — the idea of the United States, the very founding principles that people hold in higher esteem than even the stars of heaven, will be vanquished. And the blood of those times will be upon us all.
They should use tear gas on peaceful protesters all tho that still doesn't mean riot. I cant wait to get back home and see whats going on in person.
The dude with the A R - 1 5  is a HERO.  D 3 A T H to ALL  B L M and P A N T I F A terrorists.
Play silly games win willy prizes.....im shocked antifa didnt shoot themselves
OK... What is the fake news not telling us?
*THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA NEEDS TO STOP CALLING THESE RIOTS PROTESTS!* *PEOPLE DO NOT GET KILLED AT PROTESTS*
Should have been 30 shot against those anti-American cowards.
Its about fucking time thats for sure people are tired of this shit it will only get worse
Lol
who knew he would be a militia type person
Thas what is gonna happen civil wars .the left is instigating and assault decent people and they will not allow to be abused
This is just the beginning
The utmost respect and good wishes to those brave patriots in neutralising rioting scum. Superb actions guys. From the UK.
So the guy not in jail??!
Antifa shooting their own again.
I love antifa ppl getting hurt for assaulting ppl. They literally deserve it
They're misleading you. Watch the full video yourselves. He was on the ground and they were charging him. Not only that he didn't fire until the last sec before almost getting hit. Not only that he had good gun discipline.   That guy running didn't get shot until he tried charging him. He only started running  after he got shot while charging the defender. I watched the full video on Steven Crowders Channel. These news outlets are purposefully misleading in people.
So much video of them standing and not the video of the attacking people and burning things. They’re RIOTS by criminals. Not protesting by protesters.
They go down there, bring their ak’s and other weapons hoping something happens just so they can shoot them and it’s as plain as day to see that! They’re being put there like pawns! Open your eyes people!
Does anyone notice how the news purposely contorted this?  Conveniently did not show the guy getting tackled or the people saying, "get him", and no mention that these dudes had guns too.  Feeding the flames media!
United Nation and International Peace Keeping troop need to be sent to stop this genocide.
Showcase film the rioters were chasing and attacking him.... they got him on the ground and if he wouldn't have shot them they would have ended him.....
Self dense clear as day !
That motherfucking trigger control
What did they think would happen? You come at me with this BLM "protest" and you'll get hot lead
This is massacre
Bang! Bang! No sympathy for those cretins.
WORST reporter. Lmfaooooo what a joke.
I can’t believe the ignorance in these comments. Guys.. the shooter was a 17 year old illegally carrying the AR-15. You can’t open carry until 18 in Kenosha. The police openly encouraged the shooter to threaten the protesters and before the actual shooting occurred the shooter called someone saying that they killed somebody. Even before the shooting they were a known threat and all the protesters were doing was trying to disarm a dangerous and bloodthirsty man. End of story.
Does anyone have the full video of this happening? I see people referencing it but I can’t find it anywhere
Looks like to me these people are Getting exactly what they want. Violence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Man I pray this does not escalate to a hot conflict between our own countrymen! Please be careful out there especially if you attend these riots! Always have someone watching your six, that one man army chit usually does not end as well as it did for this Patriot.
To bad it was just a few.
"comments are disabled" in 3...2.....
Scratch 2 scumbags. No sympathy for these idiots.
Jacob Blake got what he had coming. I have ZERO SYMPATHY for him
Again people want to attack one man and that man defenses himself its murder BS dont all gang up on one man
You forgot the part that the gun running away at first is plainly holding a pistol in his hand.
Not all heroes wear capes
Dumbass people got what they deserved
They went after him because he already shot someone & we’re trying to stop him is what I heard.
I bet people called the police to deal with the guy who had a gun lol the irony is real
What did they look like
Ha ha
Stupid people doing stupid things at stupid times.
We need to round these rioters up and end this they don’t want to be in America , we got boats send them to a different country . Get the damn guard out or military and clean these Democrat cities up . Real Americans are tired we will fight back .
Please send your used antifa and burn loot murder panties to Joe Biden he needs more things to sniff!!!
He’s not “militia” as a derogatory term. He was protecting property, and the idiots tried to disarm him, attacked him, hit him in the head with a fist, and with a skateboard. Not to mention he was also being shot at. I saw the entire video. He was legally open carrying his rifle. They got what they deserved. I hope more people stand up to these Marxist rioting thugs.
Hey everybody! Cops shot another armed violent offender resisting arrest. Let's go kill innocent people!
The longer these liberal Democrats allow this violence to occur the more violent these rioters and protesters will become!
United States looks like Afghanistan.  Weapons everywhere...
I'm confused here. So they only want the police to intervene when someone starts whooping their asses or shooting at them?
We need to go burn every news station to the ground to end this politicized bullshit!!!!!
Peaceful terrorists?
These reporters are a disgrace.. the video show he ran and SURRENDERED to the police....
Still calling it a protest , its a rioting mob killing people, destroying property. Put them in jail
Man, everything with all these reporters is just a protest. So now if you have a rifle, you are a militia type person.  These general assumptions are out of control.  It's kind of funny that this could not be a ctizen that was attacked by rioters and defended himself, which he has every right to do.  Why can't the narrative be, stop rioting and attacking innocent people or you can be shot????
A man has a right to defend himself
Let this be a wake up call. Millions of other Americans will fight till the death just like him!
Terrel was a good boy.
These are riots, not protests, and they attacked the wrong people to their own peril.  Death to all communists.
Handing stupid prizes!
I hope every none peaceful "protester" gets  shot
Self destruction of a race
0:36
Thanks for showing the video of him about to be curb stomped
This all happened in a residential area.  If this is allowed to continue, we will become closer to third world.  This is the result of voting democrat. Democratic politicians voice their objection to policing, but not to daily felony criminal behavior by domestic terrorists.
Lock up every BLM protester!!!!!!
Electrical fault on that Ford.
It wasn't the militia it's the public sick and tired of all the garbage that's going on daily nobody waits to see if the shooting was justified or not
*riots
Seriously.. police brutality?? Are you people going to ask for death sentence  for this guy?? You are all killing each other more than the police are! YOU GUYS ARE SO STUPID!
its no longer a protest...stop calling it such.  These are riots and marshal law should be enforced!
This is what happens when you let people riot and assault people without consequences. I blame the democrats for all of these incidents
So what about the fact the man with the RIFLE was being attacked?
Great job... keep burning your cities that will really help. And than call for welfare and help after the chaos is done. Where were these caring people when a white boy was murdered in execution style while playing in his yard?
It's sad to think about all the people who didnt get shot, but deserved too.....
What I gathered from the live streamers last night/ early this morning, the shooter fell down and people started hitting him, he then shot one person in the head, one in the chest, and another in the shoulder/arm (I'm going to guess that's the guy still alive).  Odd thing is, right before all the shooting, things seemed to be calming down (well at least at the gas station).
Why don’t y’all show the video of the actual shooter running away from a dead body
"Abolish the police, but arrest the guy that shot at us bc we attacked him" ...?
I don't understand why these people go to this protest without something to defend their selfs pepper spray, golf sticks, stones, knife and so much more how can people go to a fight without something to defend their self
when does this end not fixing anything this way people and all lives matter
they didn't even show them attacking him in this video wow nice
Guy with the pistol was too slow =)
Rioters , bottom feeders , scum , trash ! Now there eating their own , good Police cant protect you or your businesses , buy a gun
Bs. Shooter had blue lives matter all over his social media profile. Stop spreading fear of liberty minded folks
Why call them a victim if you don't know if they are a suspect?
Stop calling them protests. They attacked someone till he was forced to shoot them does that sound peaceful? 🤔
If a single bottle is tossed during a "peaceful protest" ...it is no longer "peaceful", so let's stop calling these things by that ridiculous adjective.  It's not accurate in any way shape or form.
They stop being protestors when stuff start to burn.
I have had enough with racism in America. I say every protestors who have gun permits, come with there guns & protect & defendyour livelihood a 2nd amendment, respect to guy with AR 15
They mean self-defense!! They attacked him..
Play stupid games....win stupid prizes.
A “militia suspect” I think you mean someone doing your job for you, risking their life to save people’s livelihoods. Should be no charges it was in defense.
And this is the whole problem, media. Notice in :34 seconds he said “but you see a man running away from a gun fire” no!!! He was shot as he was running towards the defender! And they cut the video as the guy was running away AFTER the fact he was shot as he was attacking the defender. Also, so if you own a ar15, you are automatically a militia?! So i guess there are more than 10 million militias in the US then.
How can you show the Blake shooting 1k times, but say this one is too graphic?
With multiple 45 round mags, if anyone tried that rioting shit around me there would be a hell of a lot more than three.
Fake news
The fact that the usa permits 17 year olds to patrol streets with an AR is the problem. Based on the first incident it sounds like he got scared and shot someone. Then the crowd turned on him which lead to the additional deaths. The point is this is what happens when you allow people especially kids to carry weapons in public. This is the type of shit you see in 3 rd world countries. The USA is an international embarrassment. As a canadian I am making a effort to not buy anything from america until they get their social justice issues in check; and vote that propaganda spreading, fear mongering piece of shit out of office.
It is what it is with America at this point!
"These vehicles were damaged." Really? Really? All by themselves, I guess. People did it. "Demonstrators were here." Really? Really? Watch the video, FF! Those were rioters, not "demonstrators." C'mon Man!!!
Are more guns on the street the answer?
Why aren't ✨We praying✨ for this Country?
Life wasted! 🤣
Not gonna acknowledged the man with the AR was mobbed and the guy running away in that photo was pointing a Handgun at him just seconds before? Okay
Hope he used hollow points. They have better stopping power.
Only in US would random psychos turn up to a protest against gun violence with assault rifles, then shoot multiple people and still claim self-defence. Clearly going into these crowds of people upset about gun violence with heavy weaponry will result in some people getting scared and upset, and then once you start firing others are going to try to stop you from killing. The you shoot the people who are trying to stop you from killing. It's fukking insanity. Why are these people so fukking obsessed with guns?!? It's not that hard to not murder someone
Stop the communist movement Time to take all those people into prison and never release the people that are doing the damage .  Good for the guy who finally stood up for something and stop the crazy rioters I would never convict him
Well done! Shoot the rioters!!! It was self defense! Media are doxxing people who defend themselves but protecting the effing looters. MSM is the enemy of the people!
From Seattle here, try to lock this down as soon as possible. Right now actors from out of state are already in your area. If you don't want riots every night ad infinitum do something now.
This is the only way to stop the Plague called BLM. To shoot them.
Burn loot murder
Its protesters killing each other if you dont completely agree with all the crazy stuff they want you to believe in.   I believe you have the right to defund your self, if your attacking someone with a gun and they shoot you then you had it coming. Stop attacking people and setting their buildings and cars on fire, pulling girls out of crowds and sexual assaulting them. These protest are supposed to against violence and assault but they usually are the ones committing these atrocities at these protests.  If you got a gun your milita lol. So bloods, crips, cartels and antifa are milita not violent gangs of people who use fear as a means to specific goal.
Why go to a protest with a gun. Just stay home. Now you committed murder. Whether some think it was justified or not murder is murder.
You play stupid games,  you get stupid prizes.
Irresponsible right-wing criminal adults are leading teenagers and underage children to become violent and kill people.  Right-wing murderers.
This was how it started in Libya and the protests were promoted by the American, British, French and German governments
Good for the guy who finally stood up for something and stop the crazy rioters I would never convict him
Black Panthers will be invoked
No offense but why the fuck do this mob thinks that rushing to a dude with an assault rifle is a smart idea, and apparently one of the rioters has a glock too
Ppl look up Blake’s rap sheet before you listen to the media And his family making it sound like he’s a good guy. He has numerous resisting arrest, hurting cops,having a gun in a vehicle, countless domestic violence is, pulling a gun in a restaurant and so on. He didn’t comply with the officers longer than what the short video that’s been shown. If he listened none of that would have happened. Plus you don’t walk to a vehicle and reach down when you’ve been known and have a record of carrying guns period!!
“Militias type” = citizen protecting himself
Justified shooting.  These punks are looting, rioting and burning.
If this man gets jailed, that's the line. In the sand. If Patriots/Americans can't defend there life, then it's an extermination. Protect this patriot.
Show the whole video butt hole!!!  He was protecting himself.  He was being assaulted by the protesters!!!!!!!!!
Self Defense for sure!! NOT Guilty!!
THESE PIG'S HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S REALLY COMING THERE WAY!!!
Da shooter is only 17 can’t even own a gun but still got one
Defund the police double standard
Call them what they are, riots!!!
This was no protest.. It was a riot!
Call them what they are, riots!!!
So you guys will justify this in the name of self defense but when police kicked in Breonna Taylor’s door in the middle of the night and her bf drew a weapon on unknown intruders you turned a blind eye and still do til this day.  Weird how these things work. 🤔
So, he's a ''Militia Type"..... That's not illegal or necessarily bad...🤷🏿‍♂️
And very happy that happened......
Not like a shooting video game. Hey?
The media reported and talked about the guy who getting shot by cops the guy that don’t followed the laws the guy who resisting while police tell them to stopped. While during this moment why he haves to reach to his car door and open? Isn’t he looking for a gun?  My thoughts cops never take risks theirs lives matters too   Than what’s about the 5 yrs old WHITE boy get execution style the BLACK man shot the little boy in the head in front his 2 sister.  So unfair   The new the media and reporters you guys should be ashamed
They chased him, kicked him down, hit him with a skateboard, and one threatened to kill him with his own pistol. Kid is in the clear. This "reporting" is laughable.
1:19 "No Lives Matter until black Lives Matter"......hey good news psycho evil murderers....you've just been given free-reign to let loose on mass murder until your heart's content...since "no Lives Matter" apparently...never did...I guess we should let all of the psycho murderers out of Prison now since we were wrong to judge them for ending random innocent People's Lives that didn't matter at all.....I just think it's weird this guy is holding a sign saying Black Lives Do not currently matter and nobody is beating the crap out of him
Riot not protest! Get it right or just report on sports that nobody cares about.
All of this for a known criminal who had a weapon at the time of the shooting.....it's time for the law abiding citizens to take back control of their city
Rioters really needs to be shot.....you burn and destroy private property you deserve to be shot.......... Play stupid games win stupid prizes......
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Victims, are you insane. Bad guys down👍video👎🏻
"Play stupid games win stupid prizes". The guy with the rifle was running away, tripped and the mob attacked him. What else is he supposed to do especially when one the mob members also had a gun? Democrats have let these protests get out of control so ordinary citizens stepped in. What happened? Protesters get shot. Just like the idiot in Austin who pointed his AK-47 at a passersby who was trying to get home. The media treated the Austin guy as a martyr. No he's not.
Its about time.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
Wisconsin is a open carry state
Technically not self defense when you run towards people with a rifle. He never was in danger until he confronted it.
The police didn't shoot him, but George Floyd was a drug addict, Jacob had domestic abuse charges, they deserve to die. But this law abiding citizen carrying an ar that shot 3 people and killed 2 doesn't deserve to die. MAGA
He shot in self defense...they were beating him on the ground and you edited that part out!
yep buckwheat the gun attacked him...fool
🤷‍♂️ victims my ass. He should have finished them off
Your as guilty for Burning or destroying someone property as those cops are PEOPLE need leaders to lead them and teach them knowledge to use their voice in a vote for better people in your city's new government & in the White House....Teach your kids to stop and obey what any police officer wants no matter what they say dont start any issues yes sir no sir and you'll be fine to live
So he is now malitia huh, that's interesting because wasn't he helping them out as an EMT? And when they turned on him he was acting out in self defense btw why don't you guys show a still of the guy that was about to curb stomp him when he was on the ground, right it's all fun and games
So simply possessing a rifle means that you're a "militiaman"? How about an American citizen?
Why you tear up your own town people are laughing at you that not how you do it im glad my nabors are not crazy
i hope the people that were shot happened to be rioters
there is not one part of me that feels for the people who got shot rioting over a justified shooting of a violent career criminal with active felony warrants. did these idiots even see the video, or are they just going with the narrative that an innocent black man was shot seven times in the back while simply walking down the street?   it was only a matter of time before some of these 'protestors' got shot, and rightfully so. as far as i'm concerned it's just at least two less enemies of the state.
It looks like a man being attacked disarmed his attacker.
America has a well regulated Militia it's called the people who will defend others or themselves from domestic terrorist who burn down Cities!
Rioters got what they deserved. Enough with calling these trash protesters.
We stand with the militia! Death to tyrants!
You mean to tell me 3 rioters were shot. Come on people, bring them numbers up.! Definitely more targets than that😉
If they would shoot a bunch of them every time they pulled that shit !!!! In a little while no one would be doing that tearing crap up ???
Sorry I missed the 2020 AMC Homecoming car show in Kenosha July 21st- July 26th 2020.  It was slated to be the largest gathering of AMC, Nash, and Ramblers ever.  It would have been nice to see Kenosha and my old Wisconsin stomping grounds again before they were destroyed.
twisting the story, they were attacking armed guy as he was trying to get back to safety.
Why do they call them demonstrators when they are clearly rioters
Can y'all at least be honest and call them riots?   No...?   Understandable. Have a nice day.
Jacob won't be walking away from the cops anymore 😂
If there are cars caught on fire and building being destroyed it’s not a fucking protest. It’s a riot.
2 down more to go
So now Boogaloo and Proud Boys can run around murdering people for Donald Trump. Like the Brownshirts did for Hitler in the 30`s. Even worse, the comments here all think it was justifiable for civilians to shoot other civilians. What TRUMPTURDS you are.
Keep thinning the herd.
Hey Man, NICE SHOT!
People need to fight back against these terrorist you want to go ahead and burn destroy face the consequences!!!
That shooting was justified, and there will be more to come.  Ready to vote for Trump now?
Maybe if you don’t try to burn down a car lot you won’t get shot....
Police are jerks who judge people by race.
"Militia type suspect" the sheriffs office playing too much Pokemon?  "Militant uses 5.556, it's super effective!!!"
What happened to the USA?
Good it's about time
He was attacked by a mob of rioters good for him.
So a white man shooting an Ar15 shooting protesters can walk away alive and not get shot by police but a blk guy walk away get shot 7times in his back. Wow.
Way to not show the actual footage leading up to their own surrender of life.
The comments are great. They address everything EXCEPT why these violent riots keep happening. And until you do, this will not end.
100% Justified these idiots think this is GTA or some kinda of game
Wow it’s suck that the media is not showing and explaining the whole story.
There are a couple realities the mobs need to understand.  #1.  If more than 1 person attacks an individual, it's removed any possibility of it being considered a fight, and now has become a deadly encounter, where shooting is a justified response.  #2.  If somebody is actively shooting, especially in a clear cut self defense situation, you will live if you run, you will die if you charge the gun.  You have to think, you can't just go crazy.
Your going to see more of this and the media should share the blame.  People are going to start shooting the protesters.  Their terrorist and should be dealt with as such.
Too graphic to show. But not too much to show surrounding content which implies the shooting was justified in response to the rioting? wtf are you doing? I understand you're local and budget is tight but you could at least try to not fuck up the reporting on this
Two dead after a peaceful riot     BLM”our work is done”
There’s a more accurate video and this man was attacked. Stop false reporting, people are getting pissed off already with Antifa
Get used to this shit gonna be a lot more Dead by the time this is over
Trump 2020
Lazy reporting.
That’s what happens when you charge a guy holding a rifle. Natural selection at work.
These protests are not about Blake or Floyd, they’re about young people with no purpose, no faith and no plans venting their frustration. They haven’t been prepared for life by parents and/or teachers. They’ve been fed a false narrative (thanks MSM) and have become victims of that narrative. We are reaping the consequences before our very eyes.
Those poor protesters were just trying to burn down the city and attack innocent property owners. This is how stupid the media thinks we are
Why is this still being called a protest? Media stop lying. Trump was right about you.
The guy running away in this video was holding a pistol.  In case you didn’t notice.
That will not happen over here in my city 🌃
Way more need to be shot
Uh oh. Hot pocket sales are down now.
I’m fine with a justified defense of ones life. All the communists and Marxists can rot in hell for all I care. Their better off dead! Law abiding citizens doing what needs to be done because their democrat elected officials let them die.
I thought this was Syria.  Sad sad times.
*WHEN WILL THESE BLUE PIGS STOP?!*
Im sick of media calling these protests. They are riots plain and simple.  If you are dumb enough to assault someone with a gun don't be suprised by the outcome. Human's have a right to protect themselves.
Put bounties on rioters.  That would stop this anti-US movement. Also would stop the attacks on decent citizens & save insurance companies billions that the everyone else will end up paying for with increased rates. Take out the DA's, Mayors & Governors. They are useless & allowing these riots to continue. .
“Looks like this is a daycare and it seems to be damaged, But!!! Remember 3 people were shot”  Fuck those 3 dudes. A daycare something parents need to leave their children while at work is damaged. These rioters man...
Self defence - real good job.
Blm are terrorists. We all know the only way to deal with terrorists and enemies of America. It brings me joy to hear that terrorists are being put down by American citizens.
We need some guns an start to shoot back at the police. See her w they feel. ☠️☠️
There were gun shots before this and he was running away from them and they accused him of doing the shooting and chased after him and attacked him. That's when he protected himself. Its ok for these terrorists to attack and kill elderly and innocent people and burn everything but when someone else protects them self its a tragedy. Patriots Rise Up ****1776****
That’s what happens when Communist DemocRAT Mayors don’t allow the 👮‍♀️ to do their jobs!! This Communist Insurgency must be destroyed completely and NEVER be allowed to return. This Burn Loot Murder BLM Communist strategy is NOT about racial justice only stoking racial division..
How much you wanna bet the shooters a trump supporter?? Rip to this country if he gets elected again, on Jah.
Violence, burning of cities and buildings and random attacks by the LEFT is NOT PROTESTING!! The protestors are being bused in and this is highly organized and funded by the DNC! The radical LEFT protestors ARE ARMED!! The media is biased in just showing the "peaceful" protesting parts and NEVER the real violence. YOu will only get that from YT journalists that are NOT ANTIFA!!!
A malicious type character?  Just because he had an "AR"? Really!?? He had every right to be carrying that rifle! Damn demo-rat states!
i find it crazy how these rioters are screaming fuck the police and defund the police but when  reality kicks in they scream call the police..smh i cant make this shit up
This guy was defending himself and his neighborhood. Like what happened to that guy last week after being pulled out of his truck for protecting a LGBT woman and beaten senseless. Only difference here is this guy wasn't playing that game. People are saying enough. If your going to burn everything down in these coordinated terrorist BLM attacks.There is a chance you might get caught in the fire.
Oddly YOU say the criminal was shot while running away but the victim who was defending himself had his back to the crimiral running away. Did you even TRY to show the armed victim being attacked. Are we supposed to believe he was just sitting in the street at the start of you edited video?
BLM always the problem never the solution.
U mean roiters
Is this Venezuela ????   looks like Venezuela to me.
Sad news coverage. The news calls these anarchists protestors? Since when is burning, looting, attacking people protesting? Sad biased media bought by the anarchist left wing pedalling fake lying news .. these channels should loose the word news out of their title.
Good for that kid. They were beating the hell out if him.
BLM is a terrorist organization...
I have a Cpl I also Have a 556 Pistol You attack me U sealed your fate
OMG!! You are NOT journalists! You lie to us EVERY DAY spinning crap to make it look the way YOU want us to see it!! Do you really think we are so stupid that we don't know the difference between "protesting" and "rioting"?!? These terrorists need to be stopped! I don't care what party is in office! Republicans and Democrats ARE the biggest thing dividing our country, always has been. I certainly will never let a "party" tell me how to vote. Not only am I smart enough to know the difference between protesting and rioting, I am smart enough to educate myself on each candidate individually. These rioters need to quit disrespecting our flag, our history and our towns!! For EVERY action, there is a re-action!! They are too stupid to even know that when they disrespect our flag, they are disrespecting the very escesence of what has given them the right to be on those streets to begin with!! I WOULD HAVE PROTECTED MYSELF TOO!! Any Soldier or Veteran who faught, served or died for our freedom would agree!
Think outside the box! The goal is to take out our way of Government by use of Census Reapportionment in Congress. Method: Cause social/civil unrest in Democratic run States using Antifa/BLM/MEDIA (10% of the population) and escalate to chaos by looting/burning businesses & homes  and removing accountability/rule of law . This will force all right leaning persons to take their families flee to a different State they deem safe.      The State they flee to has a huge influx of population that will not be counted till 2030 census thus taking taking away the Congressional Representation they once had. The original State, left with 10% of their population but, their individual representation in Congress has just effectively and legally increased 900%. Do this in enough States and the left, deep state will have total control over Congress in one or 2 Congressional election cycles  undermining our very Constitutional Representative Government.   Please think about this and share your thoughts. WWG1WGA  Vote for President Trump in 2020
The media needs to go ahead and start calling this the newest "new normal". The beginning of Americans standing their ground.
Riots...
Last night I watched the show  of Tucker Carlson , Rioters so spit yell people while they were eating at restaurant in Wisconsin. Those rioters are really racists , their poor souls to breaking moral and breaking law . Their leader so frenzied, because their road to end by Trump .
Stupid reporting. Fire yourself....
“An ar15 gun”  Just from that its clear they don’t wipe their ass
They were just peacefully burning cars and destroying daycare centers which are symbols of oppression. Like Joe said there's no reason to have an AR-15. Just buy a double barrel shotgun, shoot it in the air, wave it like a magical wand and POOF your dead.
Attackers shot while beating a guy who has rifle.
Shady ass media. He was chased and fell. They didn't back away until after he opened fire
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
So one guy with an AR is now considered militia. Great news! Now anti gunners lose another argument. Well regulated militia....!
What police can’t do patriots will.
No supplies here! You try and bring anarchy to the people's home...even the quietest dog will bite.....
All About Gun Control...
See alot of dumb comments why did he bring a AR-15 to a protest? He going to jail because he could've stayed home nobody was trying to break in his house they definitely gonna make a example out of him!
These are not protests tgere riots im sick of the god dam word play these media people are doing
Self defense
Media once again not showing BLM/ANTIFA BURNING AND ATTACKING STORE OWNERS, POLICE, THROWING FIRE BOMBS! MEDIA LOVES CRIMINALS AND ZERO CARE FOR CITIZENS THAT HAVE HARM NO ONE BEING ATTACKED! SHAME ON THE MEDIA!
People are sick of this shit. You’re gonna see more of this. Look at what happened in Austin to Garrett Foster. Over 30 people lost their lives since this shit started. Get a grip idiots.
Anyone can use a gun and claim they were protecting themselves. Just depends on how scared you are. america is really paying for their idiotic laws.. its embarressing to look at. Land on the free. so free that you have to defend your home with an assault rifle. lol
Wow that reporter said “violence “
Glad the guy was armed or they would’ve killed him.
I hope he gets away. It's time for good men to do bad things! Maybe now these ass wipes will think about what they are doing.
I knew this would happen last night there was way too many guns
Two less idiots......
They don't wanna come to Florida we pack serious heat and we are a fight or flight state we don't play this Marxist left extremist shit
the more stuff like this happens the more chance the crazy people will come out and start killing people mark my words.
The police has declared war on we the people! These blue isis gang member wont back down! They will keep killing people!
No mention of the man shot being armed. You can see the gun in his hand
Heres what happened so the story is straight:  1.) He was attacked the first guy dead rushed the person protecting the store and tried to take his AR He was shot 2.) Crowd chased the man the 2nd man tried to jump on top of him & he was shot. 3.) The third guy ? same thing reached for his rifle & he shot him.  All people shot were rioting and trying to assault the guy.  The guy actually ran TO THE COPS.  While rioters ran away from them.
They say it was a MaLItiA TyPE OooF SuSPEct
2 killed, 1 left handed
*Riot
This is gona happen more and more people are sick of these shitbags running around destroying cities and businesses
He defended himself , good for him. Keep messing w innocent bystanders...
Now we can call them peaceful. 🖤  R.I.P
@WGN News... you fail to show the 30+ people chasing the shooter, he is fleeing and they are armed, with bats, knives and other weapons. He shot as he was down and the armed mob was rushing him. The man who got shot was supposedly armed as well and just feet away from kicking him. Whether or not he was armed, 30+ armed people charging you with malicious intent, About 3to5 of them were feet away to swarm him. This NEWS clip is jaded
Shoot more of these "peaceful rioters" and this shit will stop in 48 hours.
I got an idea guys, lets burn down a city becayse a sex offender and wife beater who was fighting off the police and trying to reach for candy in his van to give to the police got shot
Gus Polinski & the Kenosha kickers must be upset. Do better Wisconsin
Why doesn’t this man and media call out this insanity.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
BLM is shot dead too.
Turn the street lights out. Get rid of the media. And let the police do their jobs. Enough!!
The media are guilty of treason! The democrats are traitors to America! Hang them all!
lol he said it like they were all ok..
he was attacked!!!
Now your reporting it to be violent,  where you been?
The mob attacked him so..i dont know laws about there how much you can do for self defence.
Lmao no remorse for ignorance
If cowardly cops with guns were not there,  nobody would be shot, nobody would be dead.  It's as simple as that.  Maybe property would have been damaged, but that's irrelevant when a law inforcement officer pulls the trigger against his own countrymen.  Life is worth far more than property.  Police methods are wrong.  Simple solution: all police should be hired from a pool of college educated social workers.
Judging by the video -   Total self defense.
why don't you report what really happened fake ass news? self-defense is not wrong and it's not murder.
I would have emptied the mag
I knew it was a matter of time before someone went ballastic. Wheres the full vidoeo?
Comment section: lots of white people with their ignorant selective outrage comments! 🙄
he defended himsalfe andis riots not protest in residencial area people stend up protect your salves
Kenosha, Wisconsin---Birthplace of Orson Welles and Don Ameche, to name a few, right?
I never knew I was in a militia. I have an ar15. Hmm interesting. 🤔
A Peaceful protest turns deadly. Why would someone bring a gun to a protest? I hope they find this guy, and give him the death penalty.
This will continue to happen (which is actually the point, using more tragedy for political points) until leaders let police and national guard do their jobs.
"Militia type"....no, militia types are at home protecting family and neighborhoods. Nut jobs are out walking around shooting people and looting and rioting. BLM, Antifa are the instigators and will attract violence as they act violent.
NOT PROTESTS JERK WAD, VIOLENT RIOTS!!!
People should make a gofoundme for the hero who got 2 terrorists off the streets and handicapped one terrorist.
"Militia type suspect" GTFOH stop thinking the cops are here to protect you.
Why are those KILLER Cops not arrested !
jacob blake  shot seven times while he got to his car ,here the guy  walked thru 3 swat vehicles and 2 police cars while holding an AR15 when people were yelling he’s a shooter.  go figure
What did everyone think would happen after 100 days of rioting have gone largely unpunished?
About time.
FINALY someone with balls and defending his life hood against commie terrorists THUGS! 👍🏻❤️🇺🇸
I predicted this months ago. Americans are sick of these anti American riots. I'm surprised it took so long
This crap has no more to do with Jacob Blake than anything else had to do with George Floyd. I can't understand celebrating criminals
2 dead and 1 woundes becouse Darwin theory
Don't attack someone with a rifle then, that should be pretty self explanatory.
Police causing chaos??...no problem call more police!!!! Now "armed agents" shooting people...making believe they "protecting property"... you y pipo sure love your property!!!!
You don't try to attack a Man and expect the man not to defend himself!  These punks have to be stopped! There's two that want attack anyone else!
That man was defending his life, those Individuals obviously didn't care about there's
Thanks to blm protest I'm  now racist.
Play stupid games Win stupid prizes
The title is misleading ppl do not burn down building and cars while shooting ppl this was a riot. Change your title!
After the guy defended himself, he walked over to several police vehicles and tried to wave them down to tell them what happened apparently, and they all just drove past him...
If their arm the police should start shooting.
What starts wrong can't end right. Ban BLM.
Twenty something rent a mob losers chasing after an armed man to do him harm. Too stupid for words. The shooter acted with restraint by not killing more of them. The people who hire the rent a mob losers need to be executed for treasonous insurrection.
How tf can they honestly call this a protest??
That’s one way of getting rid of rioters. That guy is a hero.
Two less
I love it!!!! We the people will fight back!!!
What’s the purpose of this?
BLM is racial propaganda that harms the United States.
Not for nothing you bring a gun to place this shit will happen and it’s sad everyone involved with the shooting will be effected for the rest of there lives . Young kid it’s sad
Militia help create this country and it might have to save this country if people are allowed to burn down businesses,vehicles and homes
I guess we are still economically ok, cuz I haven't seen crazy mofos that have nothing to lose, mow these 'protesters' down yet.
So sad to hear that only 2 were killed.....
You act like your protesting but you destroy shit around you, you need to be punished. If it is death, then so be it. You act stupid, stupid shit happens to you.
TRUMP 2020 LANDSLIDE 4 MORE YEARS MAGA
I salute the dude👍, pity he didn't empty the mag (30 rounds) and take out more of the scum.
why calling it police shooting...? there was no police in sight when the shooting happened... only antifa thugs trying to attack people who defended themselves in kind...
You news people are so fake. You guy's should be ashamed of yourself
Let them take care of there own.If  some get shot they get the message. Let the protesters and rioters mess with the wrong person or store owner!!!
ANTIFA, BLM if you want a war we'll give you a war and you'll find out real fast just how bad you really didn't want one.  Are you willing to die for Marxism?  You are alone in this and Russia and China are not going to come to your aid.  You numb-skulls will be going up against veterans who have recent combat experience, many who have seen combat multiple times since 1990.  You have no idea what you are up against.
Aw shucks, folks, I'm all broken up.
Not armed Americans state agents dressed as civilians shooting so MSM can blame anyone white defending themselves.
Stop allowing this !
they was trying to dis-arm him there was no attack the kid got scarred and unloaded hella shots last night. He shouldnt even own a gun he was so scarred.
RIOTS MORONS
It wasn't over police. It was cause of dumbass
Proganda
These people are not protestors, they are terrorists. Since our government will not protect people or property, it is up to the local militia’s.
If you watch the twitter videos, the man that was shot in the arm was actually armed with a hand gun.
I wouldn’t chase someone with a gun
Those were not protesters. They are scum rioters and deserve what comes to them.
Good job defender!
God it was so awesome hell yeah! 🤣🤣🤣 I don’t see protestors I see targets 😈
THAT DUDE THAT GOT SHOT HAS A GUN IN HIS HAND AND AT  0;35   YOU CAN SEE IT!
Oh well. If they would have been home, they wouldn't have gotten shot
thay say your govenor is in hiding cuz hes old and incompetent,,
Common sense should kick in when someone is walking up the street with a gun plainly visible, if you chase, beat and knock down that individual with the gun he has every right to defend himself end of story!  What idiots to attack chase and knock down someone carrying a firearm that is plainly visible to everyone around him!!!! He obviously was running away at first trying to avoid the outcome that happened. But the man had no choice but to shoot his attackers! I call the man a Patriot!!!
Kill 'em all.
Action,Reaction =Solution,Agenda of the elites.
Great news. There needs to be more of this. You play stupid games you win stupid prizes.
This stupid riots crap...smh? People are bored?
Peaceful protestors are arrested but a "militia type" person firing his weapon and killing 3 people was not arrested, it's being "investigated". Let's get real about what's happening out here in our streets. All this in response to police attempting to murder an innocent man. Either way you slice it, the 🍞 is old and moldy.
dang is this in hongkong.
Stop calling them PROTESTORS they’re RIOTERS, LOOTERS, and TERRORISTS. The people who were shot attacked a man guarding a private business, they forfeited their lives at that point. Hitting a man with a skateboard is a deadly weapon, they deserved what they got. Keep killing the terrorists attacking people and maybe they’ll learn.
Enuff if enuff... not protest... RIOTS... let's call it as it is!
That'll show them.
Photo evidence shows that one of the shooting “victims” who got his arm torn up was holding a pistol.    Fuck him.   Deserved what he got.   Pain is a great teacher.
Militia will protect our communities so these TREASIONUS COMMUNIST TRAITORS need to get that through their thick skulls into their tinny little brains.
too bad the body count was only 2...wish it was 100.  they are riotous scumbags.  the world is a better place today
Rioting / protesting has never changed anything. Too many decades of history has proved that.  Vote out the politicians who pander to the police union or use the age old tatic of delay, delay, delay.  Media has always been biased pro-government, so you can not rely on the media.  Door to door, friend to friend, neighbor to neighbor to get rid of lifelong politicians.
100% justified shooting by an armed civilian who was being attacked by a mob.
Look at this vehicle....I didn’t dare to actually go out and report what’s going on, but we asked about it
stupid very unnecessary  for someone who did not listen to the cops
Would love to see the looks on you guys faces if a bunch of armed black guys just started wandering around your suburbs.
This will become the new norm.  We are tired of so called peaceful demonstrators tearing up our towns and now our suburbs.  Gun sales have soared over the last two months. You cannot even get some calibers of ammunition as it is sold out.  Just beware of where you demonstrate ANTIFA!
What do people expect is going to happen? If these mobs continue to commit arson, violence, theft, and other crimes every time there is a police shooting, sooner or later people are going to come out and defend their town. I don't blame them. And it appears that the shooter was threatened by the mob, so he responded. But, more details to this will probably come out later.   If mobs are going to continue to try and create anarchy and the local officials are not going to provide the security to handle this, then I applaud people coming out and defending their town. The police should be doing it and it won't end well on both sides if the police aren't providing law and order. But, what do you expect people to do? Just sit back and let these criminals light cities and towns on fire and assault people? I don't think so.   The sad thing is the news media is already calling one side "protesters" and the other side "white supremists", or "Vigilantes" or some other radical name. It may just be people defending their town, which they have a right to do. Expect the mainstream media to vilify the defenders and call the other side "Mostly peaceful protesters".
Yup, now its time for Patriots to pull out the big guns. Take out the rioters, save our country.
his life was in danger he had every right to fire. MSM you're not fooling people anymore.
That just one guy wait for the big uprising 🖕🏻
MERCY....
Good! Play stupid game win grand price. We need more grand price winners.
You se how this rats run away when one is shoot that's the way to do business with this garbage ,,
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
WELCOME to Wisconsin bitches!
Молодец! И за себя постоял, и бандюков проредил!
Accurate News title: American citizen exercise 2nd amendment rights in self defense against rioters.
The only good Marxist is a dead one
based boy
And you Freaks still calling them protesters, militia? Because he was protecting himself against Terrorists?
They are not victims they were Antifa and black lives matter the guy shooting the AR15 at them is a hero stop defending Black lives matter and Antifa
Stop calling these protests they are riots!
Reporter face looks like a rear.
This is why we have guns. The police , even just hundreds of yards away, were too far to help him. Fortunately, he was able to help himself with an AR 15.  These people weren't victims. They were attackers. He would have been a victim had he not been able to defend himself.
Again, a bunch of white adult children who are hijacking the BLM movement. ANTIFA is once again is out rioting, destroying, looting, and creating mayhem wherever they go. This is sure as Hell not the right wing extremists as they are happy that another black man was shot. ANTIFA, on the other hand, is out for violence, and violence alone. Another weak ass Democratic Governor will not do his job and protect the businesses and citizenry of Wisconsin. I’m sure, however, that when the protests actually make it to his home he will do the same thing as that piece of shit mayor of Chicago Lori Lightfoot did and arrest all of the “peaceful” protestors.
Self defense against criminals fighting and protesting over a criminal.
With the national guard there and the police close by watching the gas station why why why ARE THEY NOT DOING ANYTHING TO PROTECT THE BUSINESSES if the POLICE AND GUARD DID THEIR JOBS WHICH THEY ARE PAID TO DO the people would not have to protect their businesses themselves GOVERMENT OF KENOSHA is PATHETIC
He drove 30 miles to a peaceful protest with a rifle. 😩 Ladies plz take your BIRTH CONTROL PILLS AS PRESCRIBED
Sign said "no lives matter until black lives matter"... Let that sink in
Well this makes a lot of sense, an armed criminal fails to comply a few days ago so now rioters are acting stupid and getting killed for attacking others.
Good  !!!! i hope this happens more,,we need to send a msg to these rioters,Terrorists,, we wont allow them to destroy our cities,,and if the police are not allowed to do their jobs, because they have a LEFTIST COMMUNIST GOVERNOR OR MAYOR,,then we the people will have to do it for them!!!! and it wont be pretty for those terrorist ANTIFA and BLM assholes
I am watching this video and it seems the things that happen in my country. Brazil.  Go ahead  guys.  Vou are on the right  path.
Out with a gun, looking for a confrontation? *WKGW?*
The MSM is shameless. They would support a N. Korea type dictator and government. They're anti-freedom. Embarrassing.
This is TRUMPS AMERICA!!! 🧟‍♀️ The best is yet to come!!!
Don't mess with the bull, young man, you'll get the horns.
A militia type suspect? You mean the same type of militia that says that you can have in the Constitution? Or maybe your second amendment right? Or maybe the right to defend yourself? Or maybe the right to stand your ground? I don't know you get 200 people chasing you down the street and you be carrying your gunyou don't think that you're going to defend yourself against that,?
Remember everyone, BLM stands for Burn, Loot and Murder. Look at what they do not what they say.
Hahahahahahaha
Protests...........fake news in one word.
If this is what it takes to stop these bastards so be it they are ruining our cities with the help of liberal mayors
Anybody else notice this is not a big news story? Hmm...maybe MSM doesn’t want people to see that violent rioters are starting to get some pushback from the townsfolk?
If he had not shot them. They would have definitely killed him. American Lives Matter!
i am poor and live in africa but i will send money to this guy when he is charged
They chased him, he fell, (dude with the rifle) down to the pavement and the RIOTERS attempted to kick stomp him, three of them at once. Could've been three dead. Self defense.
👌👍
Legal to carry a ar15 style gun......don't charge a man with a gun you won't get shot. Cop or citizen🤔
Self defence pure & simple, well done, it could have been you going to the morgue.
Now there's a man hunt?  How incompetent can a police force be?
White Girls Too 🤦🏼‍♂️ omg this a afroamerican problem not caucasian 🤦🏼‍♂️
Chase a guy with a rifle....yeah...that’s smart. Even if he was in the wrong, they’re still dead. Hope “getting” that guy was worth dying for. He’s going to have a strong defense.
How sad that the news doesn't tell the narrative in truth > they skew the events, by dubbing content, to make it look like antifa  are  innocent > Wake up America!  Contaminated coffee is being poured down your throats!! > Robbing, abusing, hatred, and murder are never  good motives!!
Play stupid games win stupid prizes. What do you expect if you keep on attacking people for having other thoughts then you.
They rushed him because prior to that he already shot someone else
They call them protests while showing burned down buildings and cars. THAT IS NOT PROTESTING.
Just miss information
He went out looking for trouble and found it. Just like all those pick up truck drivers that rather than avoiding the riot areas drive around looking for the opportunity to run somebody over out of “fear for their lives”. If this guy was out there without a gun nothing would’ve happened to him. BLM (a lot of which are white) aren’t dragging white people out of their houses or beating white people in the street. It’s not like they would’ve just attacked him for being out there. He tried to play vigilante and protect a business that wasn’t his and got his chance to lay 3 fuckers down. I’m sure he would consider this a mission accomplished.
He shot someone defending himself. Then as he called the cops to turn himself in the mob closed in so he ran. As he was running toward police he was attacked by the mob and defended himself again. One guy standing over him attacking was shot in the chest and died. Another with a pistol was shot in the bicep and taken to the hospital. this is what happens when cops can't do their job and people defend themselves.
He was not shot running away...He pulled a gun on the guy with a rifle and lost the duel
Could there be a "Jihadi" type martyr complex?  Going out to try to get shot to foment more riots?  Just speculating.
It will continue as long as police refuse to do anything about the rioters,  the people will stand up to them.
Great work sniper!!
Mass Arrests are called for at this point.  Use the ICE Detention Centers maybe.
The mainstream media needs to be dismantled.
THERE IS ANOTHER WAY TO SOLVE THIS! THIS BEHAVIOR IS NOT THE ANSWER! People with good in their heart, DO NOT BEHAVE LIKE THIS! Police, military, BLM, or just angry people! THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THIS! DEMAND JUSTICE & RESPECT IN A DIFFERENT MANNER! Violence leads to death every time. Nothing more. Who went into work or to advocate this day in this video & said...I FEEL LIKE DYING! NO ONE!!! STTTTOOOPPPPP KILLING EACH OTHER!!! What is wrong with you people!!! Yeah, you people with hate in your heart! I have a hard time killing slugs! People are killing people! THIS IS WHAT IS WRONG WITH US! Death brings nothing but more tears & more hate. If you want to die, don't drag everyone else down with you. You don't have to have the title of terrorist to go out into a crowd, convince people to fight & die with honor in your own eyes! People are doing that! Some people JUST do not care to live anymore. They are the people doing this! Please do not tell me everyone in this video is a terrorist. NO! You do not have to be Middle Eastern to be a terrorist! Please remember that! Anyone who caused harm to a civilian for their own gain is a terrorist!  ter·ror·ist noun a person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims. unlawfully using violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims
It’s about time.
Daycare is where these coddled entitled brats belong.
no more skateboarding for that kid. chasing down a guy with an AR? horrible decision children. we are done playing,and sick of the BLM.
Demonstrators huh? What's a rapist, an unsolicited internal masseuse?
The BLM's wanna play Judge and Jury without looking at the evidence... So unfortunately for them this young man carried out their death sentence. Case closed!
its strange that there was no terror attacks ever since the pandemic, protest and blm movement started?
Pretty sure the news added in the "Militia " part.  Lmao fuggn demzzzz
This is a cut clip , in reality the rioters ambushed the guy, one of the rioters had a gun in his hand. He protected himself , because if they took his gun , they wouldve kill him.
Bunch of tough guys in the comments 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Looks like he was shot running to the guy on the ground... Not running away
Play deadly games win deadly prizes!
It was a F'n RIOT.
"Video is too graphic to show, BUT you see one man shot RUNNING AWAY from the gun fire..." See? Selective reporting and selective editing to frame a narrative. The man with the gun, who was previously protecing property, was being chased and then tackled. Important information conveniently left out of the propaganda...I mean "report". If you're out after dark, you're looking for trouble.
If they were doing the right thing they wouldn’t need guns
I watched this video and others to try to get the whole story. This is my take on it:   As this armed civilian makes no attempt to hide his face and he is wearing street cloths and an orange stripped fanny pack(?)...  my guess is that this is exactly what happens when you de-fund the police or when BLM creates problems elsewhere that over whelm them. Civilians see what has happened in other cities when rioting and looting go unchecked. Clearly he was chased down and if you look closely most of the others in the screen are holding poles or bats. So, while he was on the ground he shoots in self-defense or risk being beaten to death. I say this definitely as he clearly does not continue to shoot the guy who he shot in the arm and is at that point walking away (no longer a threat to him), nor does he fire on the BLM guy right in front of him with his hands in the air.  I think that this guy lives in that neighborhood and just wanted to make sure this "Protest" did not end up looking like Portland or Seattle. Then he got attacked by BLM thugs who thought that he either did not a real gun or that he would not dare use it. They guessed wrong.  Without any other information available I think this guy is a Hero and a Patriot. FINALLY, someone stands up to these criminals.
@WGN News  DO YOUR JOB REPORT THE NEWS. He was attacked. He was COMPLETELY IN HIS RIGHTS to be there. Show the video before when he got attacked When he was literally running away for his life.
Quit calling it a protest it's a fu(king riot.
About damn time
That is a riot not a protest. Protests don't destroy other peoples property.
Welcome to Trump’s America
BLM attacked a man.  Why did they attack him?  He defended his life.  Or should they have crippled and killed him?  He defended his life!
Our President predicted this was gonna happened . " When looting begins , bullets will follow "  . Hopefully now they ll get the message .
Well did you see the other video.  Seem he shot someone and was running away. Ran right pass the cops into the night.
Lol "militia type suspect because he had an ar 15 style gun " ..... while they ignore the nfac
Way to much mayonnaise in these comments 😂😂😂 inbreds
Short video. But the edits made it look like 3 people were shot, and a horde became peaceful right after.  If that's true, it's exactly what citizens have been saying would happen. If Demoncrats won't stop this BS, citizens will.
Riots*
The racism is strong in United States
That person is lucky they were armed. He would've ended up dead by mob beating. I am against owning a gun but now I am getting one.
Militia like suspect = Republican, patriot, proud boy  Dressed in all black with a skateboard= antifa, soy boy  TRUMP 2020
Shocked.
Keep lying, media class. We're on to you.
Yes! 🇺🇸LAW & ORDER🇺🇸
No one was shot running away they were chasing the guy with the gun and for all he knew they were going to kill him if they took his gun from him. Why has WGN edited this film to lie that someone was shot running away from gunfire?  Why is a news operation lying to the people?
Day after day rioters keep coming police are not doing anything but have something to beat other then a wife
They were jumping on the guy with the gun? If so,  Then he did what he had to do . I would have done the same not for property but to save my own life yes .
i hope the exsessive violence ends, also teh stupid rioting, damaging cars and buildings....whats the use of that? that solves absolutly nothing
thank god there are people out their willing to defend the neighborhoods from violent rioters
Good job dude. Hope no charges come ur way
Conserve your ammo.   Head shots
What did he have? Like 5 felony warrants for his arrest? Sorry to say getting shot is not a get of jail free card! Idiot
You rush to attack me, you will win that forever stupid prize.☠️☠️
Theyre clearly not protests
Here we go.... making “white” militias look like the bad guys.
Well what do you expect? You take a chance and end up messing with the wrong person and they will end you.
A "militia type suspect"?  Dropping lines like that without all the facts first is irresponsible.
The President needs to declare marshall law nation wide
I understand that Portland is trying to hire some officers from Kenosha to come break up their riots! Kenosha officers did an excellent job of crowd control and dispersal. Bravo.
As usual, selective editing by the media to push a false narrative. The media in Evansville Indiana, wrote the story with the same narrative of vigilante action instead of self-defense.
I would just go on a high rise building and pick them off 1 by 1...
This wasn't all that happened.  Burning shit down over some child rapist isn't justifiable.
Finally, evil people are being punished
Now protesters are getting shot at I knew this was coming
So let me get this straight. People don't want their towns burned, looted and terrorized? Who'd-a- thought?
Two more snowflakes melted. I hoping for very short very hot summer!
Live by the sword, die by the sword.
✊🏾
COMMIES
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Come round my neighborhood with that nonsense & you'll get the same.
Shooting shouldn't be a so called "police officers" first and only form of force used when confronting an unarmed tax paying citizen with his back turned towards you in close proximity. Talking about it is not the answer. 🤳🤴🏾👸
Need more shooting like that
Stop calling it a protest it’s looting and rioting
Burning cars and business's, people assaulting with deadly violence while victims are on the ground. Expect nothing less than lethal force to stop these shit cans from hurting any more properties or Americans.
The guy running away had a handgun in his hand. Look like he tried to rack one before he got shot
What did the Used Car Lot and Daycare do??? This whole movement has lost any support for me on this issue!
Enjoy some community policing.
Seems a lot of people have no watched the video. In it , it shows this shooter running down the street with 3 people chasing him, yelling stop that guy he just shot someone.  Then they catch him and he unloads on the people making a citizens arrest, so till we know more detail this could easily go either way.
Good job democrats supporting all this our election with be a Trump landslide TY
martial law is in order in america
🇺🇸🤘🏼🇺🇸
Protest are peaceful this ain't protesting its pure anarchy damaging and burning businesses... people didn't take it serious enough those businesses were being protected!!
Good job militia guy.
A peaceful demonstration is OK but when you start rioting damaging property you deserve to die
All because Trumptards.
Thank goodness for Independent Media on site last night to capture the whole thing when it happened! That shooter was a armed Militia member helping defend businesses from rioters, he was attacked by a mob and defended himself it was justified
You want to riot and kill people this is the prize you win this guy was running for his life.
What bullshit show the whole clip media are nothing but liars chase me and get same results
Reporter got it wrong as usual victim didn’t get shot running away the dumb ass was running away because he was shot
Play stupid games.... win stupid prizes.
0:28 you guys really made sure to not put a still image that shows the guy being shot has a pistol in his hand.  FU
Don't dare prosecute that shooter who defended himself! You will see some Patriot protests with real "Justified"reasons for protesting.
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.  News gets it wrong again!  Fact check!
2 dead its a start
That militia armed man is a hero! Nobody has the right to burn down businesses, homes, cars, and put families in danger to satisfy their own agendas. These two groups BLM and ANTIFA are getting out of hand with their terrorist behavior. They have killed and wounded way too many innocent people is time they get stopped, hopefully and foremost by the law.  Semper Fi
Dad ist gut!
WGN- these are not protests, and it's a delusion you're promoting by calling them so. They are riots, rebellions, insurrections, etc. You're trying to avoid criticism from the goons. Why do that?
Remember when they said we didn't need guns because we have police?
"Where there are more guns there are less shooting."
They make it sound like he was shooting people running away from the gunfire when in fact that dude that was running away that had just been shot was rushing that dude and trying to beat the s*** out of him he got shot and then run away. Liars
Shooter was a patriot defending himself. All Patriots should be fully masked up and generic clothing, just like the Marxists, so that they can't be identified if they do need to shoot.
👏👏👏👏
The man who shit these Rioters is a hero!!!
The time has come to FIGHT BACK.  Good will always outweigh the BAD!  ALWAYS......
I haven't seen enough yet to know what happened but I can tell you that when people are killed and cars are burned its a riot, not a protest, and having an AR-15 does not automatically make you some kind of militia person.  Clean yourself up media and tell the story rather than try to shape it!  Whatever happened to who, what, when, where, and why?
Most of this "protesters" are refugees with Green card they don't  have citizenship, passport  They come to America from Middle East, Asia and they attack Americans using Afro Americans plus Dems NGO by Soros
Send in our troops
Calling a riot a “protest” = fake news.
I hope the victims are BLM
If you play with fire eventually you'll get burned.
Kids with guns - Gorillaz
They were warned.
😵😵😵😵😵😡😡😡💯
Still insist on calling the riots a protest, shame on you.
But they gave him a bottle of water and let him walk by them
The video is edited again!!  Another, longer video, shows he fell and was immediately attacked by, at least, 2 people and surrounded by more.  Hard to tell, but he might have shot the 2 attackers.
Self defense...period. Those weren't "protesters". They were violent anarchists attacking a law abiding citizen who was armed.
Protest?? Naw cuz people dead and hurt. Not a protest.
The car at the start looks fake.
Just because he had an AR15 does not make him part of a Militia. But nice try smearing both a victim and his means of removing said victim hood.
Just when I thought Millennials (my gen) were the worst gen ever existed since the dawn of men, having the attention span of a fish and eating Tide pods for ''fun''...Here comes gen Z or whatever the fuck they're called to save the day...
Gonna play gonna pay!
One of the dead ran up to the shooter and hit him in the head with a skateboard. Time to shoot all these rioters and protect your cities since the cops wont.
Wow
This is a disgrace to humanity. What are they getting out of all the violence! Police are not going to stand for it!
Welcome to Trump's Amerika, Eight years of Scott Walker didn't help matters either.
Another POS becoming a martyr. This dude is dead cause he is an idiot
More dead terrorists 😵⚰ Feel good story.
Pelosi has the most beautiful sign seen
Bound to happen sooner or later. Police has their "hands tied" from using force to protect private property and law abiding citizens. Citizens are fed up with "kid glove" handling of these criminals out to destroy the lives of good people. These are not protest. A Protest...a lawful one has a Permit,  and is scheduled during the day. These are gatherings of criminals .drug addicts, drunks and jobless vagrants that thrive on opportunities to take whatever they can get their hands on. The fires are distractions to draw Police from their real goal....liquor stores and stores with merchandise they can sell on the streets for drugs later on. Law abiding citizens from the same area stay in their homes. The criminals join the mob to get their share of the loot. Shooting a looter should be legal because when they get all they want...they burn the business down. One man has already burned alive in a pawn shop the looters set fire to when they cleaned it out. Looters should be declared "dangerous criminals" and subject to lethal force.
Lets protest the violence with more violence! It's sad to see humans have reached their climax and have already started de-generating
good shooting TEX  keep it up
He was attacked, great he defended him self . 🇺🇸🇺🇸 VOTE REPUBLICAN.... VOTE RED.... VOTE TRUMP 🇺🇸🇺🇸👮‍♀️👮‍♀️🚔🚔🇺🇸🇺🇸
Peaceful protests always involve burning and violence...WGN news.
This ia 2020 people criminals r protected hard working people r  lefr aside to bleed to loose their work and businesses. Say thank you to the democratic party of corruption
Another democrat run city. Coincidence? I think not.
What brave people the rioters are, attacking and destroying a day care. Their parents must be proud.
I’ve always been told never bring a knife to a gun fight. So why mess with a guy that has a long gun and you have nothing?? You are a wasted life. Make better decision!!
"no lives matter until black lives matter" o is that how you justify that little boy who got shot in the head by the crazy BLM protestor?
You're not showing someone throwing an explosive at him, pulling a handgun on him or trying to beat him with a skateboard? Those aren't protesters by the way. They're burning and looting that town and viciously attacked an elderly business owner the night before.
Well done .... Good defense.
This was inevitable.  At some point, people are going to fight back.  RIOTERS (not protesters) who use force, will beget equal or more force back at them.  Just like  Newton's third law of action-reaction.
Another city looking like Sadr City Iraq via 2004. Stop using National Guard, most of them have no idea what to do here.
Perfect!  Problem -> Reaction -> Martial Law.   Clap clap clap, well done fools!
In the battle of Kenosha 2 Kia 3 wounded
Terrorists?
WELL THE PRESS AND ANTIFA GOT THE HEADLINES THEY WANTED.
Fire hydrant high pressure water is one of the best things for crowd control.
The kid wasn’t defending anything he ran another whit kid down shot him in the head they also where all white another thing they won’t say sad people died
They needed to correct the title. 3 rioters shot by a patriot.
This is going to get worse... people are fed up with these rioters
What happened to you USA?
HopefuIIy more communist rioters die. They want to wage war, it’s time for them to pay the price.
"He was a militia suspect because he had an AR15"  So if they had anything else they're an armed peaceful protestor?
Steven ray baca charges were also dropped in the shooting of the rioter, while rioters illegally tearing down a statue before they received approval. He also was walking away, I expect same results
Looters and rioters are thugs and losers.  It’s irrefutable.
WGN is lying!!!! They totally attacked that dude with the ar-15. The "protestors" got what they deserved.
The guns aren’t for show...idiots🤦‍♂️
Like how reporters are calling riots protest and to insult the viewers intelligence they will say peaceful at that tho these retards burn down their local businesses, yet they want free health care and food stamps ??? Was watching the live stream last night the dude shooting got hit in the head and he fired a few shots and as far as I can tell he wasn’t the only person shooting either. There was multiple shots going back and forth and two was shot dead and one that’s in critical condition half his arm was shot nearly off..
lol the only reason the guy was “being attacked” is because he already shot someone else. keep grasping for a reason to validate your hate, though.
Clear self-defense. Please at least make a tacit attempt to do accurate reporting. The police outfitted in protective riot gear with back-up may be willing to take the onslaught of these violent domestic terrorists, but citizens DO have the right to defend themselves, their property and their city when under violent life-threatening attack. This is still America ... for now ... unless all of these MSM proganda outlets do their assigned parts to overthrow the country. False reporting to aid and abett the mission of these domestic terrorists is traitorous. Stand down.
many more of the protesters should have been shot, they're not protesters they're rioters and criminals and they should be treated as such!!
This is one of the most justified self defense shootings I've ever seen captured on camera.
No mention of the business that got burned to the ground for no damn reason...
Only  2 dead. Yall slipping
It was bound to happen. It should surprise no one.
MSM shows up hours too late.. Live streamers have got them dead in the water
1992 Los Angeles riots, 63 dead, 2383 injured. These types of anarchy events are very dangerous.
They were not protesting its called a riot get it right dude
You gotta be a special kind of stupid to show up to a riot with a firearm. Protect your property all day with a firearm. Showing up to a riot with one, youre looking to intimidate the very people your terrorizing or asking to get shot by those defending their own. All this for ANOTHER criminal! They got what they deserved!
2 killed and destroying a daycare. fail!
Look at what that loving dad and outstanding citizen Jacob from Kenosha has birthed for his hometown. Lesson to be learned maybe?   I expect it to become much worse if these rioters don't wake up. Arrogance begets a fall
Great news,police need to step it up
Vigilante Lives Matter..
I feel like they didn't play the full clip of that video for a reason
the Left keeps on giving
2 dead that is off to a good start.
Too bad the dude's aim wasn't better. He might have taken a few more out.
3 people shot, and??..damn lucky there isn't a temporary operational mandate empowering the officers with Stalinism reprisals....
Why won't you say who did the damage
Media keeps saying "violent protests" yea.. There's a word for that
Good. Transition from rubber bullets to live ammo.
What is exactly happening in so called civilized world??? God😢
These rioters acting like criminals... Police shoot sexual abuser of young girl when he tried to take something at his car.. Didn´t stop. Have to look mirror...usually you get what you order. How you act self!
Many media outlets will call the kid who defended himself a White Supremacist and further divide the country.
Those rioters got what they deserved!
So the people protesting for the defunding and abolishment of the police called the police for help
Who goes to a protest with guns? Sounds premeditated.
Lying right to the camra and video proves it. Can you just call shit how it is? He wasn't shot running away from gunfire.  You even show how facing the guy swinging something when he got shot. So stop with the lying
Never want anyone killed but what do these people expect. More violence is only going to cause more violence
Made my day! Just the start. Start to stuff and stack body bags of BLM.
Oh he belonged to a militia?! , Hmm which one could it be🤔, it's not like they're clearly with Antifa and BLM... let's just ignore the facts and riot for the death of a criminal commiting criminal acts and refusing to cooperate, that's what happens when you try to dive into your car to grab who knows what to cause grave harm to officers, people should know there's consequences
*attacks person with AR-15*   *gets shot*  🤦🏼‍♂️
Seems ironic as this is the type of thing these types of protests are seemed to be able to prevent.  Wait.... these protests don't work on dumb asses?!
Since when did an AR15 signify the carrier is a militia member? I know females who have AR15 rifles and wait for it...not in any militias.
They won't ever show the video, not because it's graphic, but because it would show the truth. I saw it, kid was 100% justified.
Probably said already but they dont show the part where they are chasing him before hand, knock him down and surround them and THEN he shoots
Stupid reporter. Call it what it is. A riot !
Looks like the Punisher may have showed up. If the Mayors won't allow the police to protect people's properties ( other than their own ) the people will have to do it themselves. This will start happening everywhere especially when the productive members of society lose their homes and businesses... Then they will have nothing to lose. These unlawful , looting rioters will be wiped out in a few days.
Once the National Guard starts putting the terrorist DOWN  that will stop all this.
I like jow these people leave out that the "suspect" was defending himself.
He walked right pass the police
Good. More militia groups need to hit the streets and unleash hell on these blm rioters.
What's f*****  up they didn't get this much coverage for the little five year old that got killed in his front yard may he rest in peace
I support the death of rioters 100%
Talks about malicious gun man because he had a AR RIFLE but failed to say rioters also were carrying AR RIFLE if you riot and destroy other people's property you need shot
Oh well...
More peaceful protesters
I have seenthe entire video  The shooter was running away from the rioters he fell they shot at him,k icked him and he defend himself  Militia NO. he wasw a human defending his life and the snowflakes black or white were out to kill him. He did the right thing. He was able to defend himself
2 killed one wounded in peaceful protest.       Lol.  Ridiculous how can you call it protest
Fucked around. Found out. 1350.
Militia type neighborhood protector with a legal firearm.
Why didn't you show them hitting "the shooter" with a skateboard and the other buy who got shot in the arm approached him with a pistol? Well the answer is obvious! the media wants to control or turn the narrative against 'the right'.
I'd appreciate our police if they could arrest him by tonight
These are not protests, these are riots.
Those cars were seriously protested against, protested to the ground...peacefully of course.
BLM =  unemployed, middle class white folk.
The person was allegedly was 17 named  kyle ritthouse. What they hell. Wrong when 17 year old carries a gun? Where were his parents? The victims should sue the police for aiding him and the parents.
Drag a militia into this leftist mess fake news , that's a soy creature from BLM or ANTIFA
That car fire looked peaceful.
More peaceful protests. The media should stop lying.  They are complicit in all this.
I saw the whole video, and that is why you don`t show it in full! The man was being chased down the street by the rioters, then he fell to the ground, and several rioters started to attack the man. The first man he shot ,first tried to beat on the man on the ground, but the man on the ground broke free and turned his gun on him. At that point the man was most likely in fear for his life, and he shot the man that just chased him down the road and attacked him.  Now up to that point it looked like a sure case of self defense. But then the man got up and just started shooting. He should of just walked away after the first man was shot and turned himself in, as he had a good case for self defense. Who knows what was going through his mind at that point? But I`m sure he just at that point lost it! So lets show the whole video, because you have no problem showing this horrible violence when you can use it  to further your agenda! Now as far as why people are now being shot, What do you think is going to happen when a bunch of violent rioters show up in your city and starts burning it down, looting, and committing terrorist acts? People will fight back! We have had enough of this, and many are at the point where they are ready to fight back and drive these wicked people out of their communities!  The fact is that all of this comes from a world that rejects the mercy of God he offers through Jesus his Christ. All of this, every bit has been foretold and all of the signs we are told to look for, are coming to pass right before our eyes, all at once, just as foretold in Gods word! Repent of your wickedness, and seek peace through the Prince of Peace! He only can heal this nation! Because he alone can heal the wicked heart within mankind, Which is where all this evil comes from! Violence only brings more violence, and it never ends! And the sad part is these rioters love the violence, and they are reaping what they sow! Repent, turn to Jesus while his hand of mercy is still stretched out!
rebuke these demons, in God's name AMEN!
😷😷😷Police appear to be using their "Qualified Immunity"!  Kill unarmed black citizens.😡😡😡
Sorry but Antifa need annihilated  they are terrorist thug hope more of them are shot it might bring this to an end ( thugs )
3 people shot during a “protest” Usually people get shot during wars, riots, and the like not protests.  I wouldn’t call any event where people get shot peaceful or a protest and I don’t care if the shooter was far right or far left, they’re not peaceful or a protestor.
Again a white man ran into a crowd of protesters and opened fire. He was aiming his gun at people and they tried to defend themselves. He shot protesters and he ran and the cops didn't detain him on site because he was a white man with a gun. DISGUSTING RACISM.  LOOKS LIKE A PLANT BY THE COP TO HAVE THIS MAN KILL UNARMED PROTESTERS. Let's see what happens when that gun man doesn't have his gun 🤔 They are always brave when the opponents are at a disadvantage. This guy is a total pussy!
cops should have shot them all.
they were killed supporting a suicide by cop. they in turn committed suicide by attacking a innocent person with a damn army rifle.
Deadly forced should be used against terrorists foreign and domestic.
The mob was chasing the man running down the street with a gun.  A guy in the white shirt runs up and throws a wide punch into the mans back.  The guy with the gun keeps running  away.  It can be heard off camera  a man says " what he do"  another replied " he tried to shoot someone" They keep running after the man with the gun.  He trips and falls. You can hear several yell" get him" attacker #1 runs up and tries to kick him. He is shot as he comes in contact with the man with the gun.  Attacker #2 comes from the left with what looks like a skateboard He swings and hits the man with the gun, drops his skateboard and is shot while trying to pick it up again.  Attacker # 3 Is making a full running assault from the front while skateboard man is attacking and stops when skateboard man is shot.  But continues to advance on  the man with the gun laying on the ground, He is shot in the front.  The mob finally gets it.. If you try to attack this man with a gun laying on the ground he will shoot you.  They back off. As police cars can be seen rounding the corner we can see the man with the gun with his hands raised above his head so he will not be shot by the police. I believe they arrested him.  Note: The man with the gun did not shoot blindly into the crowd but shot each attacker as the came in on him and stopped when the threat was over.  Note : To mob riot protesters if you see a man with a gun and he is not pointing it at you leave him be.  Also NOTE :  To mob riot protesters If you come to a business that is guarded by an armed citizen militia go somewhere else.
Well police can't control those criminals let civilians shoot them as they deserve. Those are not protest are riots and those are not protesters are criminals. Thanks for shooting those wild criminals
RIOT ITS A RIOT ITS NOT A PROTEST
Just shoot into the crowd, it worked in China in 1989.
Peaceful protesters:   Start arming and protecting yourselves from these cops and far-right wing psychos. enough is enough. EYE for an EYE.
That's what they get lol
Riot not protest. F_ _ k around f _ _ k around and time to pay the piper. Rioters beware God and Country loving Patriots are going to stop the rioters from coming into their neighborhood.
Stop calling it a protest it was a riot dumb ass reporting
I cringe every time these so called reporters call these criminal rioters as peaceful protesters.  Peaceful protesters don't burn cars and buildings and attack people. The guy with the AR15 was part of a group of armed citizens protecting a car dealership from the mob.  The mob tried to attack him as he was walking back to his car.  He shot those scumbags in self defense, or else he would have been dead also.  It was self defense PERIOD !!!
Hopefully it's two Antifa terrorists.
Play stupid games....Win stupid prizes!
3 people died at the peaceful protest last night. It was mostly peaceful.  That is all.
you can see the peaceful protester who got shot running away with a gun in his hand!!!  :35
If we get four more years of Trump this is going to be a lot worse.
police jobs= shooting peoples ordinary citizen
If the police are too scared to get out there and do their job because of the politicians who boss them around then it's citizens like this we need
Section 802 of the USA PATRIOT Act (Pub. L. No. 107-52) expanded the definition of terrorism to cover ""domestic,"" as opposed to international, terrorism.   A person engages in domestic terrorism if they do an act "dangerous to human life" that is a violation of the criminal laws of a state or the United States, if the act appears to be intended to:  (i) intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination or kidnapping.  Additionally, the acts have to occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States and if they do not, may be regarded as international terrorism.
The way that that burned out car is parked is real sketchy👀
Lmao@  All over a rapist gettin shot when he resisted with a knife and tried to get into a car with children at gunpoint ...
i like this guys voice and he seems chill
where is this full video??
so.... rioting and burning and looting is not part of a militia... only folks protecting life and property?
If only the cops would stop thinking they are judge jury executioner this never happen !!!  Million  way to subdue a suspect shooting any American in the back is murder !!!
Give him congressional medal of honor.
Destroying property, harming innocents, Sad situation. That guy was physically under attack by a mob. That was self defense. This isn't a vigilante. It's costitutionally armed citizens using his rights for it's purpose.
That guy was running away after he tried to attack the guy while he was on the ground fake news everybody no surprise here
I guess they should have told him Black Lives Matter but should have kept their distance!
Wait ..  has the outlet watched all the videos this dude was so justified.  The guy they circled at the begin was pulling a hand gun an the reason he was on his ass was because the guy laying on the ground with a skateboard cracks him over the head.  That kid took 3 shots hit ever target first confirmed attack him with bricks.  There is video of him explainimg why he was there.  Even offering EMT services to protesters before the shtf..  he wasn't armed milita he was part of a watch to make sure the riots didn't get outta hand.   An they did notice the cars scorched.  Ar15 is not a flame thrower.   The guy that survived is the one that pulled a handgun on him..  this story is so insane but so justified.  He was surrounded they persued with violence he defended him self.
Why aren't the local authorities protecting the honest taxpaying citizens of this community
Too bad it was only 2/3 😢
This is TRUMP'S FAULT.
Fool that's not a protest. they want war give them war.
This IS AMERICA
Riots are not protests WGN.  You used to be a good station, now you're just a mouthpiece.  He was attacked and defended himself, good for him.  play stupid games, win stupid prizes.  the more the Antifa useful idiots get shot, the quicker this crap will end.
The police are not doing anything to stop these right wing idiots who are executing people in the streets
Criminals dying for criminals. Clearly self defense, how stupid do you have to be to chase a guy with a gun trying to leave? Don't even feel bad for the parents here, this is what they raised.
He should of shot more.  He was defending himself.
2 Killed, 1 wounded at riots in Wisconsin of police shooting of Jacob Blake.  Fixed the headline.  These weren't protests, these were riots. This will be America under Joe Biden and the Democrats  .  Wake up AMERICA.
Protest what ??? The guy took advantage of his race and the United States situation he made everyone look bad dumb ass should have just listened
Riots not protesters.
The rioters died of lead posioning.
Bet if they burned his car, threatened his family and looted his business he would be singing a different tune. He makes it sound like good little kids just having fun.
Great job son. Why militia type? He was solo! Getting beat up. Plus, my grandma has a ar15....in 9mm too..she aint militia, she just a gangster.
White Marxists burning black neighborhoods... again... in the name of "black lives matter"...
Good!
Good job Police ,  night sticks to the head , because they have nothing in their heads . It works...
Stupid people doing stupid things, at stupid times.
There is another video BEFORE the shooting. Gang went after him chasing in high speed while he was running away. Then he started shooting as they were closing him. Ofc he got scared. And one dude started yelling like little boy after getting shot. THIS IS what you get for attacking people with guns.
Good Shoot!!!!!!
Animals, vandalizing a daycare.  Get some order to those streets.
I certainly don't care that an officer was serving a warrant or about priors. Blake should have shot the cop first.
That idiot with the assault rifle looks like he was on drugs
RIOT.RIOT.WHEN YOU BRING GUNS ITS A RIOT AND ACT OF TERRORISM.NOT PROTEST
Dishonest framing
A Democrat President will absolutely fuel this fire. This "movement" was promoted under the Obama regime.
Got water cannons ?
These arent protests they are criminal riots
I guess people want police use toys guns... And plastic baton.... Great idea blm
got what they had coming to them
With so many people carry guns it really is no surprise people are going to get shot,     just crazy. and very sad
Liars. You media are spreading lies. You are makin shit worse. Ppl had enough
Democrats: “Why do American citizens need an AR-15 or a gun that holds more than 5 bullets?”  Well, see these tens of thousands of criminals rioting and destroying citizens homes and business owners properties and endangering their lives (and no police around to protect them because you defunded and threw them under the bus)?   THIS IS WHY!!
All I saw was a person defending himself form a mob out to harm him. We all seen what the BLM mob has been doing so ya I would be in fear for my life as well and maybe shot back to protect myself and family.
Who cares what he carries he has a second amendment right. If he messed up he will face the court and pay the price. So quick to judge before knowing the facts
Gold caskets and wheelchairs for ALL
Only three, should of been thirty
Three rioters shot over the shooting of a wanted rapist with a criminal history . Citizens to begin using rioters as target practice since the local and state officials have closed gun ranges due to COVID 19. Shoot three rioters and win a stuffed animal.
Self defense. .good shooting
0:40  ..make sure you harvest that termite's organs.
Wisconsin isn't Oregon, shit gonna happen differently.
Just shows what you can accomplish if you don't hold your gun sideways like a moron.
Jacob Blake had a criminal history of violence both domestic and against police and a history of a felon being in possession of a firearm.  Should the police let him have a shot at them?  FRACK NO!  Another thug dead on the ground.
I bet he is a trump supporter
Don't mind showing footage of black man getting shot by police, but this is to graphic to show?
Good for him
Well that is a shame but people are getting sick of the violence, and lack of police protection, so there will be more people protecting themselves.  I expect that it may become very deadly if this is not stopped soon.
When domestic terrorists (rioters) get shot, I'm not gonna shed a single tear.
Attack a man with a gun
The "victims" attacked an armed militia MEDIC who was trying to help and injured RIOTER.  The Medic tried to run away from the attackers (high speed retreat) and was forced to fire in self defense when he was attacked and tackled from behind.  The Medic did everything he could to NOT have to use lethal force.
If you don't want to get hurt? Don't go to the riot.
Wait till election time...a lot more of this will be happening.  Plenty of us here will be prepared, hopefully all of you will be as well.  Preparedness is key, good luck folks
US-Zionist heart If we learn from hk protestants... Cops there were so restrained unlike US cops they drew weapons aim at unarmed protestants... What is that?? They all human
My Father said, If you are unemployed, make looking for a job, your new job.... Most of the problems of society would be solved if people followed this principle.
I think it should be said that if BLM or whatever these bullshit groups call themselves venture into communities that are not theirs and start their shit you will be met with force. It’s sad this is the state of affairs right now but it is. BLM should focus on educating the young people of their communities and encouraging jobs programs.
God is ❤️
He's not arrested yet. Premeditated murder.  He went there for that purpose.
When they put Biden in office you will look back on these as peaceful times.
They are probably Scientologist they have comunist ideologies, any one that disagree s with the teachings are label criminals.
Remember the media wanted this man to be beaten and would have ignored it if he was. It's a story because the commie antifa loving media wants to lie.   Glad to see almost all comments in support of this man (with the gun). Remember the truth. Be A King
People said that the coronavirus was created as population control.  I think this is more of population control as it takes out the major imbeciles of our society
Protest? WTH! Not a protest. Its a riot. Why does the news keep saying protest when they damage property with fires?
The only mistake the shooter made was not having his face covered to protect his identity. Good shooting young man!
Why does our COUNTRY have to look like the middle east. How is this helping ANYTHING
Chased by a murderous mob running for his life uses his weapon to protect himself and the commie propaganda machine kicks into gear to spin him from victim to aggressor.
Glad to hear fire shots are finally taking place. 2nd amendment.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. People came here from out of town looking for trouble....they found it. Should have got more
Blame Blake . If he hadn't been trespassing into an apartment & stolen the key , no one would have called the Cops ; Cops wouldn't have realized Blake had an outstanding warrant for his arrest & wouldn't have arrested Blake , who then struggled with Police forcing them to use a Tazer . He kept walking away , forcing Police to drawn their guns , at which point he continued to ignore them & went for something in his car , endangering children . Cops in fear for their life , shot him . This led to two other people being killed . Blame Blake .
The riots killed more people than police this year. But hey, defund the police right?
Why do we still call them protesters. They are rioters.
Good. They deserved to be shot and killed hope the other guy dies too. You can’t have 6 people attack someone and think they arnt gonna defend themselves. He was on their side to, acting as a medic for BLM till they turned on him. Don’t wanna get shot? Don’t attack someone with a rifle. Simple.
Hot damn play stupid game win stupid prize .shoot all of those idiots!
Good! If u watch the video he defended himself from a mob
Look at that peaceful burning of someone else's property
The Sun has the video where the man with the gun was on the ground and he shot to defend himself from people attacking him and trying to take his gun away.  It does look like self defense.
If it's true that the shooter was a good American defending himself or property then 3 cheers for him. Like others have committed, if these libtards keep this up they are going to soon find out what real men can do and it will not be pretty.
Antifa
It's not protests, I'm sick of you media types misrepresenting these riots. There are other videos of this Patriot RUNNING for his life till he finally tripped and fell. Then the rioters moved in to take his gun and probably would've killed him with it.
Demonstrators lol Fake news. These are rioters
“...during the protests”. LOL.
So a mob attacked a lone guy during a riot, in order to beat or murder him, so he defended himself, this time the violent mob lost.
The guy with the rifle was talking to the police at the end of one of the videos.
Finally! It’s time for militias to stand and defend their communities from the commie scum. The only good commie is the dead one.
Stop calling them demonstrators; They are domestic terrorists and anarchists.
If police not going to stop this shit, well you can't blame citizens from doing it! What good does tear gas do...police take a oath to protect and serve the citizens  WELL  WHERE ARE YOU! The police look like puppets on a string and guess who got the strings 👹🐁🐁🐁🐁
Peaceful terrorist
.... wait I see the guy getting his ass kicked before he shoots... is that self defense or can you not shoot when your life is endangered? Also why would you go after a guy that has a AR15 .... what did I miss?
Notice the Marxist terrorists burn & loot before any facts are in from the investigation of the shooting ?  This isn't about protesting. This is about war against the United States. These. "BLM" & "Anifa" terrorists travel about to incite violence wherever they can. Who is financing them ?
Getting killed for a sex offender smh..
Garuntee we will see less rioting if more people started defending their communities and their property. Its not so stunning and brave anymore when people start defending themselves and you have live rounds whizzing by you
So someone was defending themself from the protesters/rioters. I guess he did not want to be beating by the peaceful protesters.
Self defense!!!!!  About time we defend against the terrorist,,HoRaHH!!
Antifa burnt down a daycare center? How tf are babies facist?
I'm sure he wishes he had stayed home.
Glen you are a prick
The guy with the rifle was talking to the cops at the end of one of the videos.If these rioters come to detroit they better bring nice phones or else...
Its a riot not protest
Was use of doing this n die ??? Uh I'll pass
Funny thing is I just watched a video of a black man with a gun getting into an altercation with two white men and he shot one of the white men because he said he feared for his life and they said he did the right thing. But this guy did not do the right thing with a mob of people coming at him. I don’t understand
I wonder if they will be "peacefully protesting" tonight?🤔
The Mob reaps what the Mob sows, the price is expensive and the tolerance is wearing very thin.
Three rioters commiting crimes were shot
So they protest police shooting and your first act is to tear gas,  Fire in the house, let's throw oil on it. This will help.  Smh
Until police are allowed to do their jobs, you will see more and more of this! True red blooded Americans are sick and tired of this idiotic behavior!
WGN supports the terrorist stop watching WGN.
So how many times are they going to show that car lot?  Why do they expect peace when they used unnecessary violence to create this unrest. Do something about those trigger happy cops! Stop making excuses . This has been going on for decades. It's time to let racist ppl know there will be consequences for attacking unarmed citizens.
The shooter shouldn't be in custody. He is on the ground and rioters are running up on him. I would have put ya down too. You only get to riot where liberals let you. The rest of us will lay you down with a quickness if our safety is threatened. We don't tolerate your violent bullshit. A saying the hood should remember ... "Don't start no ish, won't be no ish."  See what happens when you start it, you end up not liking the outcome.
Its not a protest
Curfew at night ,no one comes out for safety
WGN is with the terrorist
RIOT not protest
FAKE NEWS! A man was being attacked by rioters, and the good citizen defended himself. Give that man a medal.
More militia groups need to take our street back. Killing every single rioter they come in contact with.
Needs bigger gun with larger magazine.
Did you hear this piece of f****** s*** he just said he looked like a militia type simply because he was carrying an AR-15 oh here comes the militia narrative let's count how many times the news uses the word militia
A good antifa, is a dead antifa.
so its looking like gangs can start stuff and steal at a whim ,,,,,,,, protests really ,, NOt  ,,,,,,,,,
fuck sports . this is awesome entertainment.    come on children attack like adults.    3 shot thats it?  come on they can do better than that.
If the terrorist are burning buildings  why aren't they being shot?
more need to get shot, in many different cities.
It's a GOOD START!!!
Who shot who and why and what makes that a protest?
😘😘😘
If those who were shot were rioters then they got what they deserved.
if the 2 people that were killed were black, kenosha would have been completely burned to the ground
WGN FRAUDS. Rioters are not protesters.
Protestors? If you are rioting, looting, destroying private and public property, and attacking people, you are not a peaceful protestor, you are a domestic terrorist. Terrorism comes with a price tag, get used to getting shot it comes with the territory.
Give this guy a medal!!
The man fired in self defense because he was attacked.  Seem to work well and saved him from being savagely beat by the rioters.
Violent men will die in violent ways
Rioters got got shot? Imagine that. People have the right to defend themselves especially when you have a mayor that dont do shit about   these animals burning down businesses
Stinky boring blm only  means more death.
"An Ar-15 gun" lmfao
Stop calling this a protest. ITS A RIOT.
About time this country starts to remove terrorist off our streets, I feel safer each and every day that it happens.
Keep it up rioters and see eventually you will suffer for your idiocy.
The first racist in Gods creation was Satan. The rest of the racist are his followers. Where ever you see racist person then put him on blast. This is the only way for us to live peaceful in this nation. We have technology now. These racist guys will vanish if we put them on blast. Record them and show the world their true colors.
Way to stand your ground Kenosha 🇺🇸
u forgot to mention that shooter was on the ground and protestors tried to take his gun away.
This is what happens when normal everyday Joe stands up to protect his city when the law enforcement won't. There needs to be more of this. They need to know that people have the right to protect their property and if you cross a line you forfeit your right to protest!
Well he should be home not looking for trouble at nite burning cars
Is any1 surprised a white man with a rifle kills 2ppl n cops don't blink an eye. Smh
Let's kill ourselves over a sex offender who had a warrant lol this is ridiculous
Just punish these violent racist around the country and we wouldn’t have to burn the country down
Trump country
Two down ... many more to go.
The militia guy was defending himself! BLM ganged up on him and tried to steal his gun.
Looks like self defense. What was he supposed to do get mauled by angry idiots. These rioters are destroying the lives of people.
I watched it live up close BLM are terrorist and need to be handled as such and put down along with Antifa get the story straight the guy was shot his arm was blown off by them ran chased and attacked knocked down while they screaming attack him and defended himself. So this is going to be spun into some right wing extremist thing to fit the narrative again????!!!!
I said months ago.  People are tired of this crap.  The cops and feds aren't doing anything to stop it.  People will start taking matters into their own hands.   If the police and federal government wont protect you or your property.  You have to do it yourself.
Civil war is coming no matter who wins the election.  Its gonna be bad too.
Now what? Protesters with guns?
Burn Loot Murder alive and well. LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pop pop pop, watch marxists drop.  A clear affirmation of the necessity of 2A, and *standard* capacity magazine fed rifles
Kenosha population 100000.   Lots of out of towers c'mon people Antfa came to destroy.  Watch the videos.  Look like people from Kenosha?
If this guy was white you would never hear about this. Just look at the discription, "a black man shot by police" why point out he is black if it doesn't matter?
People are so tired of the corrupt leftist mentality.  Patriot Americans are coming out to suppress this socialist take over.
so what that kid had to do??let them take gun and stomp him??
WOW
The End of America as we know it.
I live in Wisconsin and support any lawful Wisconsin militia. If you come to riot and burn cities beating people at random you will be shot and no fucks will be given. Be polite kids.
Finally some good news coming out of all these riots.
Hey here comes the police to help the people who were shot. Ironic, isnt it?
On behalf of my wife's boyfriend I 'm just like totally super duper triggered right now. I'm allowed to be by proxy because Leroy  says whenever he's with my Wife I can like be triggered on his behalf.
They got what they deserved. Play with fire you get burned🤷
Protesters, arm yourself, even the odds lol
All in the name of a wanted felon. Ffs media (WGN NEWS) stop destroying our cities with your lies of omission
Civil War ll
I think this channel should show the footage of that guy being chased down by a mob. It was self defense.
These people are rioters and they are animals, a complete detriment to our civilized society. Valueless trash
Rioters?Looters get shot..What do you expect when cops aren't doing anything to protect people and businesses.....
PROTESTERS, " Were not in Portland, Seattle or Chicago anymore TOTO". PROTESTERS better be nice to police, residents here are not going to let TERRIOST run our state. To many Deer and other animal hunters, and no hunting season this time of the year. GOD BLESS AMERICA 🇺🇸
Only 2 died?  Well, it;s a start.
2 more down, so many more to go
Look BLM and Antifa, when it goes down, y’all are gonna have difficulties wrapping your obtuse brains around why you would possibly get shot for messing with a citizen.  The fat white kid that was attempting to beat up this guy sitting in the street (Obviously because he was attacked and beaten to the street), learns the hard way that we will fight back.  With vengeance.    He may be one of the idiot rioters that is dead. If so cheers!The media won’t show you that part. They don’t want you to see somebody defending themselves and getting beaten up and then getting retaliation. They just want to show you the Republicans of the United States getting beat up. Well, we will destroy your corrupt intentions.
Well they said three people were shot apparently they wasn't black because they didn't mention race and that guy with the AR he's probably not the shooter because he would have been in jail people are getting sick of these so-called peaceful protesters destroying and burning down everything thank you Democrats thank you mainstream media for causing all of this destruction across our country with your lies
look like the white guy know how defend him self from angry mob! (y) cheers!
Good job to the militia!
The man "running away from the gunfire" had a gun in his hand, when a huge part of his arm was blown off.
Hahaha. Still with the saying. 'Protest' I watch the whole live videos of multiple on ground press. Recording the whole thing and nothing was peaceful about it. But yall keep saying peaceful protest shooting will continue. Wake up!
The reporter knew that those are riots not protester.  He couldn't use  the word RIOT because he would be out of a job.
If it was rioters who got shot,who cares. Its sad they only shot three
Thank Goodness! I hope a few terrorist get shot tonight in every “protesting” city....   someone finally had enough crap..., start cracking heads and stacking bodies..... this will stop the protest
Destroying property and attacking people is not protesting it is rioting and they deserve to be shot on site.
Not protests but riots.
Joey Biden, quote "it is evident, that all men and the Creator , Equal, you know the thing! "   Any patriot , American, politician loyal to the constitution and Declaration of Independence ought to know it! Smh! BLM , Democrats , the scourge of the nation!
Burn down your city over a POS THUG!!!
Kids go home to your parents basements
good job 2 down more to go
All of this non sense because a career criminal had a knife with kids in his car , active warrants and not complying with police. Stop treating these wankstas  like victims.
The msm in this country is a utter and complete joke. Could and wouldn't tell the truth if a gun was put to there heads. Rioting and looting and attacking innocent people should get you shot in the head.
The Civil War has started; time to defend Your Family and Yourself from these BLM Marxists/Anarchists by Any Means Necessary! Protesters?? Common Man! They were Rioters and they got shot for threatening the life of someone else! If You are going to Assault and Batter a Law abiding Citizen; You are Going to Get Shot! It is as Plain and Simple as that! Common Man!
Luckily militias are protected by our constitution
Riot
Law enforcement shouldn't go soft on those fooled rioters. Use any weapon you need when facing those distorted creatures.
Militia type suspect? You mean an individual protecting himself against a violent mob trying to kill him , i saw him get hit in the face with a skateboard while HE WAS ON THE GROUND , sorry but if my life is in danger , thats what those tools are for PRECISELY
Do you want ants??? Because that’s how you get ants!!!!
And CNN just had a headline that said "People are moving out of Cali permanently because of the fires"  HA HA HA  - what can they blame the exodus  from Portland on???
Reporting a bunch of shit everyone already knows 🤦🏽‍♂️
Just a concern citizen taking out that trash.
wasn't the National Guard called in after the first night?  If so, where the fck are they ?
RIOT! SAY IT! RIOT!  R I O T  RIOT!!!!
The cops don’t do their jobs...until law-abiding Americans have to defend themselves. Then the cops show up.
Where the fuck is this? Iraq?
This was not a Protest. It was a Riot and people should have been shot three months ago doing this s***...  obviously another Fale News group.
journalism now is dead, u call this reporting? "oh a daycare got burned down", but 2 terrorists were also killed....wheres the truth?
"Protests"
Looters and rioters deserve every grain led they asked for
they charge that guy we all need to step up and stop it.
I saw this live!! For 45 min cops were telling this people “Disperse!! Go Home!! The smart ones did listen!! The OXIGEN wasters didn’t!! Right after the shooting people finally got the message and went home!! It Got quiet after that point!!
Ever notice blm is just white people?
How much you want to bet the shooter was actually attacked and defended himself from the rioters.
Two dead, hundreds more needed.
These RIOTERS deserve what they get. nasty people.
militia type because of the weapon he had....what?
It’s not a fucking protest.
The news should be held accountable for all of this across the nation for their fear mongering and lies that have emboldened people to act like unruly animals
This guy was defending himself,,they fkd with the wrong dude,,,go patriots
AR 15 the BLM gun choice. isnt that interesting. Same gun they were handing 18 yr olds with zero gun experience at CHOP.
Democrats, BLM and ANTIFA gonna act like terrorists well get treated like terrorists.  This was self defense the terrorist mob attacked him and he defended himself.  They grabbed his rifle so they get shot oh well.  Its time all of us stand up and stop these marxist terrorist liberals.  Sadly the terrorist leader governor will try to put this guy away.
Why is this happening lol
We need all government republicans in USA. . AND TRUMP 2020.
Two weapons were fired! One was an AK and another a AR15. One popped the other cracked
“Protest” burning buildings and small businesses is NOT  A protest
Yeah these are riots they're not protest if you bring a gun to a riot expect to get shot and these newspeople covering these protests they're not protest they are Riots.👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄👄👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸👄👄👄🇺🇸👄🇺🇸
Tell the whole truth.defnd the police.its will only get worse.
I would love to no how many employees also lost their jobs, salaries ect ? So people have been shot and killed, probably atleast over 100 jobs lost and peoples dreams of being business owners burnt to the ground. Pathetic
So now, y’all better worry about getting shot for pulling your shit. I’m not out there shooting y’all, but I back those people who are when you’re destroying property.  Rioters Deserve every projectile wound they receive.
CIVIL WAR is already here.
That's not a peaceful protest it's a riot by criminals. this reporter in this video is a criminal himself for supporting push a false narrative and being an advocate to it. it's funny how so many of these people revert to their true nature when given the chance...
I was watching, the kid shot someone trying to defend property from damage, and was running from about 30 people ...That kid had 30 people about to jump him.. i would have shot them all too....
WI is different than Portland, OR.  A Marxist  insurgency in the Midwest is going to look a lot different than on the west coast.  Brace yourself!
‘The Die Is Cast’  We, the people of the United States, have made a terrible and possibly fatal mistake. One can make a list, blaming this group or that demographic for what has happened, but, on balance, we all share in what has occurred. Those who did not vote, those who voted for Donald Trump, and those who did not join Hillary Clinton, all share in what we are now facing.  A demagogue and the sycophants that gathered around him entered the White House and took the reins of power of the most consequential nation on earth. A veritable rogues’ gallery of has-beens, wannabes, bitter haters, and bottom-feeders from every quarter are now having their day, and if history is any indication, they are going to continue to run rampant over every safeguard, tradition, and standard that has kept our democracy intact for the last 245 years.  In the name of ‘shaking up the system’ and ‘clearing out the swamp’ in Washington, disappointed, disgruntled, fearful, angry, and yes, ignorant, racist white folks, from small-town, rural, and suburban America, with the help of apathetic, non-voting, and yes, ignorant, white, black, and brown folks, from big-city, urban America, with the added assistance of educated but immature, young, angry, idealistic, millennials, allowed a virtual crime family, supported by white nationalists, evangelical Christians, foreign enemies, turn-coat Republicans, and corrupt businesspeople to drag our nation and its political system through a gutter of mendacity, moral corruption, and just plain bad behavior, the likes of which this nation has perhaps never seen.  Now ‘the die is cast’ and, short of actually fighting in the streets, there appears to be no way to stop what, for the last three years, has been transpiring. The weakness in our representative democracy; the weak link in a democracy’s chain has been found and broken. Those who do not really care about or do not understand our form of democracy found that weak link and successfully exploited it - and the inmates have taken over the asylum. The lowest common denominator in our body politic is in power, and, mark my words, they will continue to wreak havoc and try to make all of our worst nightmares come true. They will try to roll back, eventually by force if necessary, all of the gains that progressivism has made since Roosevelt’s New Deal.  So what can we do? First, we continue to resist, in all of the non-violent ways still open to us. We continue to march, we petition, we volunteer, we write letters, we donate money, we join appropriate groups, we support our people in Congress in doing what they can, we vote in 2020, we support each other, we stay in touch, we share information, we give moral support, we summon all of the courage we can muster, and we stay strong - because, as our rightful President said, “We are stronger together!”  But what if all of this does not work? What if, with the impeachment acquittal, we then lose the 2020 election? What if we find ourselves in a fight, not just for our constitutional republic but for our very lives? What if violence and fear become the order of the day? What if fascism really does rear it’s ugly, deadly head and we are all pushed to the wall, both metaphorically and physically?  If the worst should happen and we find our country spiraling into a death-spin of Orwellian proportions, then we will each be called upon to either curl up in fear and roll over in submission or face the monster with all of the willpower and courage we can muster - and then fight, using whatever means necessary to defend ourselves.  I pray that it does not come to this, but I fear that if we do not fight hard enough now, while we still can fight, then we will one day find ourselves in a position where we are no longer able to fight; where we are no longer able to resist. If it comes to that, then we and our republic will be truly lost.  JRB
They got shot trying to jump him. The guy was running away from the angry mob attacking him. He fell, and then they started to beat him. They got shot because they were violent thugs attacking a person running away.
You racist disgust me. God will deal with you
What was the lunatic with the AR doing down there besides looking to kill someone ?!
Going hot... no citizens were hurt... just communists
Dirty Laundry by Don Henley.  It's really the truth about the 5 o' clock opinions...
At 2:35 it clearly shows a guy running with a gun...just saying..
It's starting
Citizen patriots rising up and doing what the Police are told not to do.  I praise that patriot and two lives lost but how many more saved?  Its about time citizens start rising up because mayors and district attorneys are too weak to defend us against socialist rioters.
Stop lying!!!! They we’re NOT protesters they we’re RIOTERS!!!! People are tired of all these RIOTS and are tired watching they’re town being burned down!!..
Keep it up antifa im READY!!!!
Damn these people are "peacefully protesting" TF out of each other.
peaceful --' protests.......... the media people really think we are idiots.
blm needs to go back to africa.
Complete BS!, this was a RIOT from the start!!! Not a "Peaceful protest"...... So sick of lying a$# reporting!!!
Don't try grabbing a man's gun, even i know that...👀👂🇬🇧👊
This reporting is disgusting.
I love our second amendment! Let bullets fly to all that try to destroy YOUR livelihood!
now show the video of how the shooter ended up on the ground. did he just sit down or was he attacked & merely shooting back to defend himself. you'd think a news station would mention that.
Blm protesting again peacefully just like brain dead demorats say..when are they going to learn..play with a rattler you are going to get bit!!!
WTF ????? these are riots not protests and demonstrations!!!!  what is wrong with you people ???
Shit state and city anyways. Lived there for years. Does not surprise me it happened in Wisconsin, segregated, racist, dumb state
Rioters, need to be shot, they are bringing terror to our streets.
What two killed in a group full of people intending to break the law!?  Just more examples as to why the bigger issue is people committing crimes AGAINST EACH OTHER.  NOT POLICE KILLING BLACK PEOPLE.  Btw yesterday 1 black person was killed by cops in the country, and 7 White people were killed in the nation by cops.  Man that racism sure is showing its numbers!!
looking good america!
Stop calling it a protest those are not protest!!!! When the shoots went off all the rioters starting yelling for the police help help please there shooting
No bias in the media here.....   😉
They didn't say what color the 3 people shot were....must be white.
Protest... WTF??? This was a RIOT. You do not have property damage and dead people at a "protest".
I'm sorry why do they keep pushing the protest? These are riots damage is being done people are being hurt that's the true definition of a riot I'm surprised you didn't put peaceful in the f****** headline lol
Why are you calling this a protest?  What has to happen for it to be called a riot?  THESE ARE RIOTS
And meanwhile the facts show all this is over a man THAT HAD A KNIFE!!!
All this because some scumbag domestic sexual abuser resisted an warrant arrest.
YEP........NO MORE SUGAR COATING..I SAY MOVE IN THE ARMIES BEST SNIPERS  N START TAKEN THESE  TERRORIST-DIRTBAGS DOWN!!!  N  I WILL NOT FEEL SORREY 4 THE OUTCOME...
Yes the civilian militia  opened fire to protect themselves and others from a mob because we've let things get to this point justified in my book I don't support the police at this point either
Funny how they don’t mention he walked right past the cops, carrying his gun, AFTER shooting the 3 people. 3 swat vehicles and a police car, and they don’t even stop him.
not clear wgn, is the spin ok due to race of reporter?  now explain; did residents or looter riotors get shot?  why do you cage the truth?
1:20 'no lives matter until black lives matter'. The guys who got shot were white commies, so nobody should care right?
let the looting begins!
They are not demonstrators they are terrorists.
Riot Riot Riot get it right FakeNews
This is EXACTLY what MSM wants that's why they've been spreading this narrative. Technically you can blame the deaths on MSM and definitively you can blame blm
*CAN SOMEONE SEND WGN THE DEFINITION OF RIOTER AND PROTESTER SO THEY CAN LEARN THE DIFFERENCE?*
Some commies got killed? 🙂🇺🇸👊🏼
The police should not charge the shooter as the "rioters" hate the police and want them defunded....this will make that shooter very useful if that happens too get rid of these Marxist cunts who are trying to destroy everything everyone has worked so hard for. Why? Because a known criminal was shot by the police while trying to get his gun out of his car.
In the war, the media will be first to go.
I live near Kenosha..I'd like to see these "protesters" try coming into my yard, I'm not stopping at 7.
Another city burns over a criminal. BLM... BURN LOOT MURDER.
Probably a KKK operation with the police. Civil War not over ???  Good job Trump
Finally
You are a bunch of liars. You report all the damage that has been done but still say it was a “protest”. Call it as it is! It was a riot!
Protesters should arm them selfs . Crazy how an armed individual shoots two and is still alive  don’t let it be a black person walking away from police because he would be met with lethal force being shoot 7 times in the back because that’s more dangerous
Context: he was attacked while defending property and defended himself by firing the weapon. As the mob then descended upon him he retreated toward police and was attacked from behind. He then tripped and fell to see individuals coming at him and he fired on them. After firing on his attackers he got back up and went directly to officers to surrender to them as more officers rushed to give medical attention. The entire video is available online for all to see.
Great!!...Now these Communists starts getting a bit of their OWN medicine. Keep going Patriots!!
See what happens when you don't have school,these fools don't even know how to hold a gun and end up shooting themselves
Reporter in a battle zone area is surprised shoots were excanged.
Looks like someone with common sense finally had enough of being bullied by the mentally ill.
Yeah that's not a demonstration that's not protesting that's doing criminal stuff breaking windows used car lot I mean come on people don't have money like that to fix cars to sell Mesa used car lot whatever people are going to get tired of it and that's what's going to happen in the news that keeps pushing it on and it's going to get really worse
There was a 7 pm curfew. They should have been home. Furthermore, why are they supporting a man who is a sexual assault criminal! Rioting and looting is never justified!
That guy was running down the road to get the cops
Jacob is lucky to be alive. He shouldn't have been so stupid to dive into a car while police are questioning. Hope he realizes what he did wrong. Obey the law people.
Good, shoot more rioters. Shoot all the rioters.
It do  look like he is protecting the property and they try to get the riffle from him .. If it was some lunatic that is there target practicing he would’ve gear up and have a back up side arm And would have cover his face better I think the riffle AK was just for show but then they try mob charging him.  Whatever happened to paint gun  with pepper ball
as long as the victims were white liberals or black i don't care
A few more idiots shot and maybe they will go back to playing video games in mommy's basement.
Trying to spin this to say guy was running away. They were trying to kill a patriot and the patriot did what was necessary to survive. You aren’t going to spin us you communist shills.
Stupidity at it's finest shoot 🔫 3 people over the the shooting of one criminal is it just me or does anyone else have a problem with that
And nothing will happen to him witch sets how we will deal with these terrorists
DID YOU NOTICE THAT IS WAS ALL KIDS PROTESTING? GET A LIFE. YOU WANT TO SPEND EVERY EVENING AROUND TEAR GAS AND END UP IN PRISON? KEEP AT IT - YOU ARE ON YOUR PATHWAY TO PRISON TIME AND LOSING YOUR LIFE FOREVER.
Monte Cagle · 1:20 Not all cops are Gangsters. Have you ever been stopped by the police as a black man. If you did, did you resist arrest? Did you try to run when they stopped you. I have ten uncles and I know they all got stopped by white police many times. But they never got shot or arrested. One, they never resisted arrest. Two, they used common sense when stopped. Three, they were not committing known or deliberate crimes. Nobody got time to look for trouble. Especially white police. The many black men that got shot you hear about in the news were committing crimes of some sort. So I must disagree with you on that. That black people are being hunted and killed. I lived across the street from the main police station in my town for 15 years. The police were all white for most of those years. Five of my uncles lived there too along with my dad and we were never hunted down nor shot by police. Our home was in South Carolina, Racist country. Police are not hunting black people, most white cops are just trying to get home every night to their families eat dinner and go to bed. I told you already the civil war is over . It ended years ago. What more can I say. Stop believing these lies and half truths. Half truths are still lies.
I’m glad he shot them, ofc he’s gonna shoot at them, I’d be panicking too if I was on the ground about to be swarmed like some Zerg rush type shit
That doesn't look like a business district, I see homes in the background. Did the "peaceful protesters" decide to terrorize homeowners? Bad move ignants, bad move. LMAO!!!!
Don’t attack ppl
So what else did you expect after months of violence without reprisal by the state authority? Of course more and more people will arm themselves and be willing to open fire when protests immerge, as the police/ state has shown that it will stand down and surrender to mob violence. If you can't trust the police to show up and protect you and your property the only option left is vigilante violence... What the people ordering the police to stand down to not provoke the mob failed to understand is that the police restoring order by force would not only have protected the victims of the mob violence, but also the protesters and mob participants themselves. People usually don't resort to killing everyone that might pose a threat to them because they have trust in the state's power to protect them and handle the situation. When you however see for months the state failing to uphold this power and control and even witness those in charge calling the situation a "summer of love" and actively ordering the police to stand down, it is no wonder that people start to shoot at every potential mob they see gathering in their vercinity. Just my 2 cents as an onlooker from the outside.
You don’t burn cars at protests!!! You don’t
My hat is off to the shooter good job. I'm sure we will see more of these stupid kids shot as this goes on. They think there above the law well Patriots are tired of it. As we see the talking and warning and arguing is over they are simply pulling the trigger problem solved. If that ain't a wake-up call for these lawless adalesint idiots then I imagine body bags will be in high demand. My advice as an on looker you parents start locking your foolish kids in the house.
The vigilantes did this one is a minor from Antioch Illinois who is 17 years of age and one claimed that the cops and you guys aren’t telling the entire story that’s not a day care is is at its a mechanic shop he was standing at I’m so tired of you guys painting pictures of these people being  rioters in my city
Pure propaganda by the state owned media.
He was protecting himself get facts first news media group are the problem
GOOD KILL EM ALL
If I never put my hands up kid would have fired, this kid should have never left the place he was “protecting” let alone he’s a kid, he’s 17.
The look on the guys face after getting up. He kept good trigger discipline.
Got what they deserved you want to take and break what others put there life into.
Here we go. Anyone with an AR or the will to fight will be labeled an enemy of the state. HR 5717.
Nothing more racist then a used car lol idiots
Why do they keep saying protest?
This is what happens when people sick of these bullshit protest.
Play stupid games, ya'll really think people are gonna just not resist?
A weekend break in Wisconsin is now cheaper than the equivalent in Beirut.....
What do you call two looters shot dead at a riot?  A slow start.
I'm sure the shooter was a patriot
Rothschilds and gang will be popping the champagne corks as tehy watch this riot!
God I love this country so much. Republicans wanted Venezuela and now they have it. All republicans are doing how is bitching about it. Republicans can’t make up their minds.
Jacob Blake got his own arse shot. This mindless rioting/murder has to stop. We don't let immature kids run the show.
this is no surprise to me, over 80 nights of rioting in America. I am from Wisconsin lots of guns and militia.  They will protect what's thiers.  Go home BLM.   Stop the violence.
The media is the enemy of the people
The Best Laid Plans 🐁
Police are unable to protect property from the destructive blm kindergarten, this is the result.
I hope dude gets off!
It was self defense. 17 years old defending family owned business. Guy that was shot and lived had a hand gun. This news source is full of shit
He was shot running away from the gunfire??
MILITIA TYPE SUSPECT .I CALL A CITIZEN  STANDING UP FOR AMERICA .
Only ones to blame for this is the mayor, governor and police...if they aint going to protect citizens against these mobs then people have a right to protect themselves....
Please stop calling rioting "protesting".
Stop the lies WGN! The patriot that was seen here was protecting himself! They chased him down and he had no choice!  The media is making this worse by lying like you are. If you can't report the story in its entirety, don't report any of it!
I pray they dont find him.....
Wish they cares this much when those all black militia guys shot innocent people at protests last month
It looks like the last of us for fuck sake.
2 less..., next!
Right a "militia type person" a person who aparently stands for the second amendment.. sure. What a way to deface the constitution and what it stands for..
I watched it on a live feed as it happened. The guy that got shot in the head was attacking a guy defending what I thought was a gas station. After the shots there the crowd started chasing a guy that did not shoot but had a gun. At that time he fell one guy kicked him in the head. He then shot a guy that attacked him and another that that pulled a gun.
Thinning the herd.  This is awesome.
Can't spin this one media. I saw the video tape...  Justified. Those rioters were chasing and attacking him. What you will probably post in your headlines  is "2 peaceful protesters killed while they skipping after and offering lollipops and kisses to the shooter and that's why they were shot"...
Glenn Marshall "keep it 100" or "Real talk", 3 RIOTERS carrying what looked like long guns were shot at the RIOTS last night. Real talk Glenn keep it 100 not that FAKE NEWS Glenn Marshall.
I see America sliding into a civil war...God forbid
2 blood thirsty thugs down and many more to go
Where’s the context and journalistic integrity? I once supported BLM but now see their perpetuation of racism and violence as well as their desire for Communism.
Well one guy is waking up this morning telling himself what a dumb azz he was and what kind of job can a 1 armed man can get.
Good because killing BLM and Antifa members is NOT a crime, it is a public service.
Why are protesters destroying private property those people had nothing to do with anything it just goes to show that these protesters are violent people.. and they deserve what they got
This is what Tom Jefferson meant when he coined the phrase *"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state"*    The national guard was to poorly regulated to stop the arson looting and mayhem.   The new "well organized" militia motto:  *"BLM looters will be shot on sight, don't tread on us"*
if you take part in riots you are likely to get hurt be safe stay at home
Demonstrators. Armed and committing arson. Perfect situation for a modern sporting rifle.
Look, us NORMAL folk, do NOT want ANYone to have to die... We also, don't want riots/destroying, burning down property/BS to continue! So, If you haven't pulled your head outta your ass, and wanna keep RIOTING, then, you'll be met with resistance/force!
Riots
Yea shot by a white guy let’s not forget that part.
this is the type of incident the media has been waiting for. they will broadcast this over and over. they will make things ten times worse. at this point i dont who is the # 1 enemy. the news or the govenors and mayors of these states. what i do know is that they need to resign like yesterday.
All good trends start small.
This is what happens when you run your country like GTA Online and every dumbass can own a pistol or even a freakin assault rifle lmfao 😂 unbelievable
Calling good, "evil", and calling evil, "good".
Actually, your not showing the proof that BLM was chasing this guy yelling get his ass and attaching him....one armed. It began when BLM started to break in and started a fire at a gas station where a militia citizen  try’s to stop them...they then attach this guy and he takes off running away, but falls down...one kicks him in the head, another hits him and try’s to get his gun, another comes in after him....he shoots to protect himself..the one shot in the arm was holding a loaded handgun which police confiscated. The guy went up to the police right off the bat. There are vids out there ....try telling the real news. BLM are attaching citizens ..home owners, businesses owners...well armed.
Protests ? Hahahahaha, love you guys
They should of stayed home like they supposed to covid 19 remember
What's goma be next someone throwing a Granade to the cops   and  vanish like ghost without seconds
I swear one bad apple runs AR15s for everyone.
There are No Good Guys. Repent or Perish.
You people got a problem with white male reporters
Omg
This is like a Chicago Happy Hour get together....
Two left wing insurgents dead and now the News!
Burning and looting are not protesting  that is a riot  and act of terrorists
The Media should be sued for fanning these flames!
Democrats running your city. Vote every one of them out of office or this is what you get.
These thugs were rioting not protesting. Why can't you distinguished one from the  other.
Two terrorist killed one wounded. Good job shooter!
rioters have a problem, they aren't safe
Lebron nba terrorist blm look at all the deaths you have caused knell to god pray for peace stop the lies
2 people are dead and 1 injured now this shit had gotten out of control these terrorists groups need to all be arrested and charged now. This got to stop.
Two more people have died in the Kenosha riots than in the incident that caused them.  More unarmed people were killed in the riots this year than in police incidents last year.
Everyone like to call it a riot but no one wants to call it a revolution 😒
SMH, all this over a dead thug. we live in bizzarro world now. Take out these marxists.
The land of the free 😂
If the Democrats don't get their city in order the body counts will get higher.  And then they will be out of a job if not in jail.
Wow now the man carrying a firearm was from a militia.... I don't think he was from a militia I think he is just an American civilian fed up with the bulshit.... wonder what the news media will say when the rest of America unites to defend themselves cuz its coming
When will the nonsense end?
He said nothing bout all these people getting shot...he don't give a fuck
I told y’all it was gonna happen, people are sick of watching antifa and blm run rampant so if cops won’t stop it the silent majority will
*Hallelujah !*
I'd say the dems lost two voters, but let's face it, this wont stop them from voting
Man, these peaceful protesters really have a bad luck with criminals following them all over and beating people down, burning buildings and looting. Fucking stop trying to escalate everything, you've done enough harm already with your toxic narrative, it's time to fucking stop. This is the last thing we need right now.
I blame the media for these deaths
Who the hell came up with rubber bullets?  Replace them with live rounds...problem solved.
Riots
Democrats are evil
........ dump trump;
If it's a night protest is called a riot.
PEOPLE !!!!! I feel your pain and frustration for these police shootings (Black Lives Matter - ALL Lives Matter) but what does looting and shooting do to help make your point of protest ??? I don't understand...😞
Way to get killed morons.
The police are protecting public property and abandoning private citizens. You either roll over or you stand up.
Looks like a group of 50 people chasing him. Looks like self defense to me. You noticed they all stopped chasing? The second amendment for all if us to see in action.
*"protests"* I don't see any signs or chanting, I see ppl in full riot gear burning shit to the ground. *THAS A RIOT N SHEIT DUBBAH-G-N!!!*
Collaborationist, propaganda spewing media. When a rioter gets shot, it's a racist crime... When  it's a citizen protecting himself,  family or property...... It's an unfortunate accident or  unavoidable collateral damage due to the " struggle."  Or worse even......  Not even mentioned.
Can people PLEASE STOP THE VIOLANCE AND PROTESTS! Every single one of you out there "Protesting" are ruining so many lives. Please God&Jesus bless everyone everywhere with good health knowledge and everlasting faith in our lord and saviour Jesus Christ
Called it
They're going to stress( militia) , it couldn't be a every day citizen, they sure can spin that news.
Wheres Jesse Jackson?wheres the BLM leaders-oh wait they don't have any.....
They were chasing a man with a rifle with the intent to beat him to death. With that kinda fear anyone would shoot.
Play stupid games Win stupid prizes
why did he stop.
Having a black guy talk about this is a joke.
The suspect was protecting a car dealership from Vandals who were planning on burning it down. Oh well - if those two snowflakes were home last night , watching Netflix or playing Fortnight- they’re families wouldn’t be planning their funerals today- Such a waste - I know those idiots got carried away- mob mentality but you have to realize people have had it with the riots and crazy will come out - put down your skateboard grab a coffee and go get a job
Finally. The good guys get a victory. Just goes to show... AR15s are essential to the 2nd amendment! The AR15 fulfilled the purpose of justice and self defense.
All we know how to do is march riot and loot, and saying we shall overcome, dammit let's change, change as black people. -Jonathan Gentry
2 are dead! Awesome!!!! Kill them all!
That was a crappy report ! No timeline , no video ? Weak
2 less ,very good!
"Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it."  A quote by Thomas Sowell.
Good. Finally a decent citizen taking care of business after being threatened. Anarchist got what they deserve they've been dishing it out & now they're on the receiving end. Violence looting anarchy is what they dish but Death is what they deserve for their behavior. It sends a strong message.
Bunch of losers, hope the cops go off these thugz,...
We will not rest. History will judge you wrong. And hopefully there will be pictures of your ugly faces so your families will be shamed.
These morons make stupid look smart.
MSM: gun violence at a peaceful protest.
3 down & a thousand more to go.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!! KILL THEM ALL !!!!!!!!!
FINALLY-Thugs getting what they ASKED for.
You can see the brokenness of this world we are in. The Bible says that we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and this is why we are all deserving of his wrath. But God is also rich in mercy and died for us and rose again so that could be saved. Repent and believe in the gospel.
Rioters should be shot.
He was a citizen protecting his property because the city wont!! Shoot them all!!
The guy shot in the arm had a pistol in his hand. Easy case of self defense
i blame the parents for breeding criminals from a lack of parenting.   now their tears can help push up their criminal kid's daisies.  no sympathy for criminals
Good shooting 👍
Finally it's about time that armed citizens start shooting these criminals on site
R - I - O - T - S. Is this a forbidden word for you at WGN?
FREE THE SHOOTER.
The poeple that were shot, where they white or black?
Nice to hear some good news for once.
Felons not protesters.
Those rioters deserve what they get. What you think you can attack everyone, and burn down the city.
Blm/antifa were attacking an trying to take the rifle of a milita man they were chasing him down he did not shot until he was taken to the ground an had one grab his gun it was A justified shooting
This world is so F**ked Up.!! I don't even recognize it anymore.  It's so disturbing at what has become. .."the Norm"..?!? I miss the 80's and 90's..😳 Of course every generation has had it's "Bad Moments" , and the 80's and 90's are no different,  but I never saw anything like this shit.
Communists, liberal leaders, liberal voters I wish you the best, did you bring marshmellows to the camp fire. Enjoy the time out you sent your kids to when they were bad, this is the result.
But again we want to let you know 3 people were shot, and it wasn't enough should have been 300 people shot and killed, lets  see if they riot again.
Anyone see the cop grab that guys shoe? 😅
“The more we do to you, the less you seem to believe we are doing it.” Joseph Mengele  It’s just a mask.  It’s just two weeks.  It’s just to keep from overwhelming the healthcare system.  It’s just non-essential businesses. It's just a peaceful protest.  It’s just to “flatten the curve”.  It’s just until more cases go down.  It’s just to keep others from being scared.  It’s just a couple of more weeks. It’s just communion and singing.  You can still meet.  It’s just until we get a vaccine.  It’s just a few side effects.  It’s just a bracelet.  It’s just to let others know you’re safe to be around.  It’s just an app.  It’s just to let us know who you’ve been in contact with.  It’s just a few months.  It’s just a YouTube video.  It’s just an email account.  It’s just to protect other from hate speech.  It’s just a few people.  It’s just a credit card company.  It’s just google ads.  You can still use cash.  It’s just a few places that don’t accept cash.  It’s just a little chip.  It’s just for medical information and paying for things.  It’s just so you can travel.  It’s just so you can get a drivers license.  It’s just a statue. It’s just a building.  It’s just a street name.  It’s just a song.  It’s just a piece of paper.  It’s just a flag.  It’s just a piece of cloth.  It’s not just a piece of cloth. It’s not just a mask.   THANK YOU  FROST RIVER
You notice how they don't show the man being attacked 1st.  Show the complete video
There you go
Consequences for their own action... Don’t blame the police !
Well he got 2 out of 3 , pretty good shooting . Oh and the 3 came with knives. Oops.
Muh merlitia guy, uh AR14, naatzeee. Duurr duur.  I see a win, 2 less violent rioters.
Militia subject based on the gun they were using, that doesn’t make sense lol
THESE ARE NOT PROTESTS. STOP HIDING THE TRUTH...
This are the peaceful protesters the Democrat is telling us? They are domestic terrorist,  criminals, rioters and they needs to arrested and prosecuted them. Not catch and release, but prosecuted them.
I can’t believe these comments. If you see an armed man walking down your street, what do you think his intentions are? To just carry it around and let you walk past? He started shooting so people started stepping in to disarm the maniac. You have no right to walk down the street with an assault rifle and start shooting people. This is why gun laws are so screwed up in America.
Riots. Not protests.
Hey it’s not a protest when rioters are breaking into shops and burning down cars and buildings.  When are you people going to report the news and use the proper terms?
Good!
Not protesters or demonstrators...say their name! They are rioters!
We only know what we're told
So, a rioting mob chases and assaults one man with his rifle who had been guarding the neighborhood. Only after being chased and knocked to the ground (almost too late) the brave armed citizen defends himself successfully; within three seconds, the streets are clear of rioters. Politicians prefer disarmed peasants. By the way, the rifleman showed great restraint, before, during and after he was attacked by the rioting mob.
Definitely didn't show the worst of it.
Protest should only be allowed during day light hours, most night people are looking for trouble
Again you traitor media they are terrorists and they are murdering one another ,nothing new.. Let us see how you will change your comments when they will start coming after you guys... Trump send in the army and hose the filth out.
Funny how they make it about race in the description... "Black man" he didnt get shot for being black but for having a knife and also he was a child predator   The man was protesting his business the place he worked for and the place that brings him his bread and butter for him and his family and someone else was about to shot him also..play stupid games win stupid prizes
Keep Voting DEM and more of these kinds of incident will be the norm
This is Wonderful. More people need to start taking these rioters out.
Not a protest
Why was the gun man on the ground? Looks to me like he was attacked and did what he had to to pursue life and liberty. Its funny how he shows the damage of the (peaceful protesters).
This is exactly what the founding fathers said would happen!
Great job! I back the blue!!!
Police shooting of a suspect who would not comply ?
First "victim" threw a molotov cocktail directly at the kid while he was running away, second guy pushed him to the ground and hit him in the face with the metal bracket of a skateboard, third guy was running up on him and pointed a Glock pistol at him before he was shot in the arm, then the kid immediately ran to the police. All told it looks like he ran over 2 blocks through the course of the engagement retreating the entire time. He did nothing wrong legally or morally.
News reporter stop lying. Why don't you feel it like it is
There ya go, I said it before once people start getting shot, the police will end it all, watch for this to be over very quickly.
That was a white kid who "backs the blue"
Got to love those open carry laws that allows this sort of shit to happen.
Blm was marching through a local neighborhood with 2 members carrying “AR-15 style” weapons. I guess blm is a militia too?
Communist jews are so happy eating popcorn at their mansions watching the show in their home cinema.
This is only the beginning Commie trash. Stop trying to destroy our cities! Live by violence, die by violence!
where can you see the full vid?
"protests"
Not a protest stop trying to normalizes rioting. it was rioting And declared and on lawful
"2 dead, 1 wounded over riots incited by democrates." Fixed the title for you.
they better not mess with the good guys. these terrorist deserve everything they get.
Natural selection is a beautiful thing
There be more killings now.dems need to stop being stupid and call it what it is.demacrate  power struggle.
It is so plain to see that these are violent riots, and yet the media expects us to still believe them. Hahaha. How stupid do they think we are??
As soon as things turn violent they are not protests, they are riots. Stop gaslighting the American public.
ALL THIS OVER A FEW RACIST COWARDLY COPS THAT SHOT A MAN IN THE BACK JUST GET RID OF THE RACIST COPS, KICK THEM OFF THE FORCE, YALL KNOW WHO THEY ARE .
More ''peaceful'' protests! and now three people have been peacefully shot and two have passed ......... peacefully!!!!!!
militia type suspect because he was carrying an ar-15 gun ... This reporter is an idiot. Get your facts straight before making a complete fool of yourself on national tv.
HOW MANY MORE ARE GOING TO DIE BECAUSE CERTAIN PEOPLE HAVE NO RESPECT TO FOLLOW THE RULES.  IT'S HANDS UP DON'T SHOOT!
Thank you, you are the first news outlet that would actually say people died.
I blame the USA government for all this violence.
Anyone can own that gun..
Chasing after someone with a gun after they fall down. These people aren't very bright are they?  Antifa and Blm are scum. It's amazing how many democrats double down and defend these people simply because they vote their side.
BLM and their Antifa masters have only themselves to blame.
GOD'S ARMY IS COMING!
" The  government  you elect is   government  you  deserve  " Thomas  Jefferson
Why not use water cannons.......that would really piss off the rioters.
It's starting to get annoying as ffff. The guy reached in his van. There are videos of this happening and people shooting the cops after, so they have to shoot. He better not get a settlement or anything either.   First time in my life and I feel bad about it, but I literally can't hang out with my black friends anymore who stand for this sht.
"2 killed, 1 wounded at protests " - NO! 2 killed, 1 wounded at VIOLENT LIFE THREATENING RIOTS
WGN YELLLOW Journalism at its finest.
Whats with muricans protesting for the lives of criminals?
The first Civil War started in South Carolina.........Did the second just start in Wisconsin ??
Your a militia if you protect yourself with a gun, BURN loot murder and your a protester, WTF!
WGN is Fake News. They support the Communist takeover of America.
Very satisfying!
This guy deserves a medal and free ice cream for life.
Press S to spit on the corpses
Protest usually don't involve violence. Why not take a sit down movement like back in the day.  Say what you like, hold whatever sign you want and get high.
Oh yeah they were so peaceful
The liberal media doesn't like showing the full facts
It is a start...
Lawlessness the end times. People have the right to protect themselves and their property against these terrorist
FYI.  Snipe to wound from a rooftop. Stay hidden. When the "medics" show up. Kill them. Old sniper trick.
Self defence.
Now charge them with terrorism
The word "riot" is apparently racist now.
Follow the police orders and you won't get shot play stupid games win stupid prizes
This is so stupid
So, ALL those used cars in the parking lot just up & ATTACKED those "Demonstrators"?
Yeah let's kill more innocent people over one jive ass turkey but nobody mentions about it has been over 200 cop killed this year. You do stupid things you get stupid results.
Self defense all day long! Watch all the videos! That guy was about to get stomped  by 7 people dozens more were running  up to him to beat him up until he defended  himself. Antifa's own videos prove that
Rioters were killed... rioters. Stop with the fuckin word games...
Lets beat up and run after a guy with a .224. The Police are not engaging anyway. WRONG
All this once again because a bad cop killed a black man when he didn’t have to . The cop should be charged for every death and every come that occurs because of what he started .
Good
Shits about to go down all over the country
I want to know who got shot ? It better be the lunatic left. When patriots start getting shot, ....look out !
Other videos show the man running and turning himself into the police. Way to do your due diligence in journalism... o wait that’s right you have a narrative to up hold. 🤦🏻‍♂️
"militia type suspect, because he was carrying an AR15 style of gun". WTF does that mean? Nobody else other than militia own an AR? I would probably broaden the investigation to other groups of people as well. If he was acting alone, then he was not militia. There is not "militia type person".
Riots not protests
You all are ridiculous. At least in the old days you tried to disguise your bias propaganda. Now days, you don't even try. Let see peaceful protesters burn down half of the city we're standing in but a few were shot by a militia type person because he was using a rifle. More then likely he was trying to protect property from being destroyed by fare leftist fascist. Reporters like this are the reason why I stopped watching the news.
Blake is a POS. Keep shooting the rest of em...👍
After WGN headlines that cops shot unarmed, good Samaritan black man in front of his children I think you should step up and accept responsibility for some of the blame for this WGN.
Please tell the truth
Hopefully 3 Democrats
Im new here Is this for the violent sex offender with a warrant  or the drugged out hold a gun to a pregnant woman belly freedom rally?
Yeah go watch the full video dude gets rushed by like 8 people I wish he killed more.
3 Domestic Terrorist Shot 2 killed 1 wounded during Riots in Kenosha Wisconsin ... just Criminals rioting over the shooting of Criminals.
If its a combat zone how come reporter is not wearing a UN helmet and bullet proof jacket?
2 out of 3 ain’t bad
Riots Riots what is the matter with you ..... Communists are rioting and burning and killing 30 people have died at the hands of the rioters a man died burned to death in the fire and more but you wont say a word the complicit msm ..... shame on you shame on you shame on you shame on you .
I'm so angry he was killed i'ma kill a few more just to prove my point!
"A militia type suspect, because he had an AR-15" My grandma has an AR-15 and she's not militia..
Riot, not a protest
Here you go. Just shoot rioters, problem fixed. And stop welfare checks in Kenosha
Militia Type  Probably the NFAC Militia  wouldnt be their first shooting of their own rioters
that did not look like the rioter was running away.  Ive seen the whole video there were several people stomping on this guy when he fired to save his life.
there is big big difference in Protest and Riot. Protesters are citizens, rioters are CRIMINALS!!!
It is a real shame he didn't shoot 30 or 40 of them. Those cockroaches need to be imprisoned or eliminated.
RIOTS
They where gonna kill him.. self defence
Rioters should be shot. Terrorists all.
Imagine dying trying to voice support for a convict. Darwin award goes to....
Every damn word is a lie !!! I watched and listened to the live stream and saw at least a dozen or more “ protester/rioters “ carrying various weapons lurking around the rear of the mob !!! Damn sure not what this jerkoff is trying to describe!! MILITIA ??? BULLSHIT !!! Armed criminal savages!!!
The violent rioters chased him down. He fell, one rioter yelled "get his ass" they rushed him he defended himself.
Right now we have Democrat Mayors ordering police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beat in the streets, monuments destroyed, Antifa and BLM (the founder is a Marxist, the media is trying to conceal this fact) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit. A sneak preview of a Biden/Harris administration. These attacks on our cities are accomplished under the guise of "freedom of speech" but in reality, it's the freedom to commit anarchy on a wide scale with leftist city & state officials turning a blind eye.  If Joe Biden is elected President America will be on fire.....only Biden won't send federal officers.  Democrat Convention?  All you heard at the Democrat convention was how horrible the American people are and how we must change. They bash President Trump constantly and that's about it for the convention. What you did NOT hear is anyone speaks of their platform of the Democrat party. Seems odd, doesn't it? It is so bad they must talk about anything else but what they're going to do. Not a word of the unrest in Democrat-controlled cities across the country. The fact Democrats are trying to sell Biden & Harris as moderates show what they're afraid of.   Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far-left platform. Biden has stated he is a" progressive," he must follow the radical left’s agenda or he won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Sheila Jackson Lee, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal. (This is the core of the socialist's wing of the Democrat party) and is firmly in charge, not old, confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to Kamala Harris and those mentioned above.
Shoot back people - those are not real cops.
Damn, only three?  Wish it would have been 300. Teach those MF’s a lesson. Trump 2020 ❤️💙💕
Beautiful news story, warms my heart to see these useless protesters dropped like flies
When they start getting shot by each other and the police are bystanders you’ve got yourself a civil war folks. Wake up!
"Protests". Get out of here with that nonsense. We saw the video of him being attacked.
I don't get it you are protesting the death of a black man but the death of white 5 year old kid shot by a black man you did not protest and not even cover by a media.
more they destroy more people hate them it is just a question of time ...
All egged on by the news media.
Using violence to and intimidation to raise money to fund or "donate" to biden campaign.   - blm.      Ouch well since u pur it that way. Were is fbi? Were is trump?
May I suggest,when reporting on the RIOTS, that you specify whether it was a police shooting or juat careless idiot criminals shooting other careless idiot criminals.
Yeah some good news, the one who died are the lowlife rioters, anarchist, sick em with more bullets if see one of this BLM and antifa terrorists
1:16 they act like zombies.
There are no car fires and property damage in a protest.  If you can't even say riot, this will never get better.
No not protests their was a curfew to follow which BLM types didn't follow. To commit arson and destroy private and public property
What r black people doin in wisconsin
. fall of america .
This is on our Communist Democrat Governor who sided with the anti cop mob immediately after the shooting of Blake before any details or facts were known.  Even though this man was wanted on an outstanding warrant, even though he had a record of drawing a gun on police in the past, even though video shows he fought with and did not comply with the police and was lunging into his car to reach something, even though the police shot to wound and not to kill, the Gov'ner still sides with the rioters and thus gives them leverage and encouragement.  After the riots started on Sunday he refused federal help and refused to issue a curfew or aggressive police enforcement.  Now 2 people are dead.  This is on Tony Evers!  Every one of these riots are located in Democrat run cities and states.  Somehow riots are not held in Republican run cities.  If there is one it is stopped in its tracks.  More mayhem - by design - from today's Communist democrat party.
We need to crack down on this. This death and wounding is unnecessary no matter which side you stand on. These "protests" are full of rioters who just want to cause chaos, hurting other innocent people and get themselves hurt or killed while doing it. How can you honestly say you're "protesting" someone's wounding when you cause even more wounds and death doing so?
This is what BLM and these left wing media pundits have done; "empowered" black individuals to do something like disregard the officers pointing their guns at you in a justified police encounter and force them into a predicament where they feel they need to protect themselves. These are not protests because there is nothing to protest.
This is closer to propaganda than a newscast. It is 9:50 AM EST, 8/26/2020 right now. The video is up on FOX News Channel App right now of a mob chasing the armed man down the street like hyenas after a wounded animal. He goes down, they start attacking him, he defends himself. We’ve seen what they do to unarmed men and women when they get them on the ground. MSM has blood on their hands.
Good they forfeited their right to life when they attacked a man with a rifle. Patriots are sick of this Marxist attack on our country.
For my new gun owners out there first off welcome! Second always carry with a round in the chamber and the safety off (if your gun has a safety).
People don't die at protests. People die in riots.
People are getting tired of the bullshit of these idiots if they burn down and destroy or country then there get what's coming to them period
Nude was shot while running at the kid on the ground and pulling a glock. He was already shot in the video you have of him running away you clowns
What do you expect?
Riot is not spelled "protest".
No tears here !!!
Vandalism in disguise as protesters. Blah
BLM (Burn, Loot, Murder) rioting must be stopped and the FAKE news outlets must call it what it is: domestic terrorism.
These are riots, not protests, fake news spreading lies.
Its a riot
The word protest has no more meaning.  These are riots with real criminal activity. Report it as such.
you didn't show the vid because they were running at him and he defended himself....it destroys your false narrative ...you are fake news!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good, let them shoot each other!  They’re shooting their own infants and children in their own neighborhoods in front of parents and grandparents!  Just keep shooting boys!  Yve set yourselves back 200 years! Congratulations!
Its riots not protest
people shot?  2 dead?  and reporter still calling it a “protest”?!  That’s a riot !
The white dude that killed 2 people will be promoted to Trumps administration
These are riots arrest them all it would do them all good to spend a few months in a work camp.
Trump as an independent candidate has taken the power away from the globalist, monopoly capitalist and international bankers and given it back to Americans and the Democrats are not just the democrats, they are the last hope of this shadow power getting the power back. Shadow government have funded both parties for a long time. Trump has upset all of that and they will burn America to the ground if needed to get the power back and the irony here is they have the liberals who hate globalization and everything they stand for doing their dirty work for them
Rioters were crying for the police. I thought you hated cops and wanted to defund them.
WGN News correction, Two people were shot and killed one wounded at last nights Riots.
Jacob wasn't shot because of the color of his skin.  He was shot because of his attitude.
I don’t know if I should like or dislike because I’m happy with the results but I’m not happy with you calling them protesters
🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️..my feed on google says 1 killed 2 injured fucking media
The quota hire reporting about the riots created by his insurgent brothers. It won't be long now....
The man did right shooting them in self defense well done.
False title, i don't see no protest in this report  I see anarchy.
They were shot by someone protecting their property from RIOTERS!
Protests? How much more dishonest can you be? You people are sick!
🤣🤣🤣
Promote this man to general for defending the country from foriegn and domestic terrorists.
Violence, threatening and intimidating,  and destruction of property are not protected under the constitution!!! If police wont do their job patriots will.all antifa and blm are a gamf of orginized crime by definition and should be prosecuted under rico act
saw it all happen on a live stream last night, pretty sad
Frikkin useless millennials. & those that spur them on.
And that man who got shot clearly had a gun in his hand which means the shooting was justified.
Quit saying protest you ignorant fools. That is a riot with people attacking police officers.
They deserved to be shot
These were riots thank you. Also if they stopped treating police like the enemy this wouldn't be happening.  The mayor and dem govs are not supporting peace and the police.
They need to just start shooting people they should be tired of marching that never gets anything done
Glad people are defending themselves from riotera
If you are dumb enough to raise AntiFa or BLM terrorists...start crying now for your "kids" cause you did this to them. And I hope we see more self defence cases...
Our police are the militia type suspects
Glen Marshall reporter is a piece a work. It was a riot.
On today’s episode of “play stupid games, win stupid prizes....”
Get a job "protesters"!!!
How do you like Democrat Socialism so far?  Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far-left platform. Biden has stated he is a" progressive," he must follow the radical left’s agenda or he won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Sheila Jackson Lee, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal. (This is the core of the socialist's wing of the Democrat party) and is firmly in charge, not old, confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to Kamala Harris and those mentioned above.   Biden / Harris Platform & Goals:(Do you know?)  Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party."  *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients, and their families with a cost of billions to taxpayers.  *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Police funds will be distributed to other programs. If Biden is elected you will see de-funding law enforcement countrywide.  *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer-funded with one estimate at 52 trillion)  *Massive tax increases. Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to.  *Sanctuary Cities & States. Biden & Harris supports sanctuary cities.  *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden & Harris support.  *Reparations for the race’s harmed by Caucasians. Biden & Kamala Harris committed to Al Sharpton to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up)  *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE. Funds used for other programs. * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs.  *The Second Amendment will be under attack even more under Biden. Biden stated, "Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar," Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns."  *Ending of all private / employer-based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything. This is Kamala Harris's baby. Kiss goodbye to your healthcare plan if Biden/Harris wins.  *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden & Harris.  *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer-funded with estimates in the billions). Bernie Sanders's plan adopted. *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country immediately.  *Open Borders.  *End all deportations of illegal aliens immediately, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations.  *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden & Harris endorsed  *Destruction and erasing our history. Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious
Hong kong protester always stand with BLM!!
My favorite part was when the rioters yelled call the cops the second his violance was matched and exceeded hahaha fucking losers get a job and leave kenosha alone.
They just need more body bags. It will end.
Only three rioters shot?!?! That guy should have let that whole clip off on those rioters. Then people will stop going out to destroy the city.
Man those used car lots and day care and church really got what they deserved lol..
This is all the fault if the police fraternity that is supposed to protect us. Not kill us.
"PEOPLE OF COLOR" SHOULD BE THANKING THE COPS FOR NOT SHOOTING MORE OF THEM !!!  SEMPER FI
Thank you comments
When police officers involved shooting than TV can't confirm the rumors but still airs them but now when a Militia civilian used deadly force,  the shooter is unidentified,  the suspect isn't even referred as a shooter but a person with modified AR. How nice , TV can openly attack the police but won't dare to do so with a civilian who may be one of the 2 current movements that can get TV organizations some death threats...
He wasnt running away from the shooter he was trying to beat the shooter up he was looking right at the shooter when he was shot look at your own news pics
Wheres the rest of the video. I love how you cut out the part of 4 or 5 people trying to beat the shit out of the guy before he starts shooting.  All these sorry ass news networks need to stop with the bullshit and show the whole the video.
And the downfall of America has begun.
This what happens when ur government makes so many different labels. Such a divided crowed . this what they want . the people to kill another as they look like good guys . . The media also fueling this type hate.   Misleading information . some are praising this man actions which is gonna start a domino effect . more people will be taking law there own hands . which is their fellow community family . prettt fucked up What world we live in
You bunch of sellouts, stop giving them respect by calling it a protest.
This is NOT protesting...None of these states have protesting...these people are  rioters, looters, killers and terrorists...let's not make it about anything but what it is ....A FREE FOR ALL ! The only people I side with are the people out with weapons trying to protect their families, businesses and property !
Finally some good news to come out these riots.
Kill them all
it is time for the patriots to stop the riots if it means cracking a few skulls or shooting rioters ,do it .things have gotten to big for the police to handle .the protesters are in the streets ,patriots need to take the high ground and rain hell down on the terrorist rioters .
A "militia-type member" because he was carrying an AR-15?? The BLM (burn, loot, murder) rioters are carrying AR-15s!
The point of protesting is to spread your message that why protest happen during the day so people see and hear their message. Riots happen when its dark outside.
Looks to me like it was self defence.
Downvote this propaganda video.The media is the problem when they say protestors and don't call them domestic terrorists.
Yes best way to honor victims is to get more people killed and destroying people's property. Great job morons.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
I watched this happen live last night, one guy was shot in the head, one in the chest and one had his arm nearly severed from gun shots. 4+ hours the police had asked them to go home this was around 12:30 in the morning curfew was at 7. Just before the shooting local citizens came out of their homes and told them to leave and they still stuck around.
Militia suspect....goood people should be able to take matters into their own hands if POS governer is not helping...basically on our own...people are scared when they go to bed, they dont know if someone is going to throw shit through their windows or loot their yards...hard working people!!!! So if there is a militia out there goood once again, put some fear into these ingrate rioters!!!😑
Title needs correction it’s called a riot
Selective Black Lives Matter.
A militia type suspect” because he was carrying a AR15 gun” .... you gotta be kidding me with this shit
Why is anyone surprised ? Law abiding citizens are coming to a breaking point. Demonstrations every night, looting , burning down businesses, terrorizing cities. We law abiding citizens are eventually going to fight back, and we will defend our cities and sack the blue ! Enough is enough !!!!
“Protest”
This is the kind of stuff that is going to help trump win re-election.
Propaganda
This was only a matter of time.....  Surprised it has not happened sooner and more often.
Kill them all
this is how the government like it, dividing the people.   The problem is not the police, they just follow orders. The politicians however, they are the ones making the laws
Fake news this guy was defending small businesses then got attacked and almost jumped he has the right to defend himself
This violates human rights, NU must impose sanctions on the US.
They get what they deserve
Stop calling these protests. Once nightfall hits it always ends in riots.
Can we point out that a white man wss was shooting and killing people if he was black they would have already had him dead, I REPEAT A WHITE MAN DID THIS NOT BLACK PEOPLE  SO LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE GET THIS RIGHT WITH A VIDEO OUT THERE
Release a few hungry tigers and lions into the mob.  That will disperse the mobs quickly.!
Quit calling them "protest" already....geez!
Dam that car looks like it's been through a riot not a protest
I am so glad they are finally putting an end to this.  Should have done it months ago.
rioters sowing what the reap
bring back the water hose
The guy that was running away from the shooting was the original attacker.  The shooter was defending his shop and was then attacked, he was trying to get to the police.  Try doing some research before reporting, lazy jounalism.
They did indeed attack him, he has the RIGHT to defend himself. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. However, this does not give anyone the right to do what these idiots are doing. Simple solution: #1: arrest and detain as many as possible. #2: identify and seize all assets to include all family members ( they are responsible for raising the idiot). #3: stripped of American Citizenship. #4: sent to GITMO for 10 years then dropped off in Yemen. #5: do the same for the so called college professors who teach these idiots.
Looked like self defense to me. If you notice the guy shot in the arm was still carrying his gun as he walked away.
I hope the dead one's are the violent rioters too bad they all could not be taken down
peaceful shooting. peaceful killings.
Why not show the footage from before the shooting of the group of rioters chasing the shooter yelling get that guy?
Watch the vid. He defended himself. Good shoot. If you attack an armed man and push them down and try to jump on them, you might die. Its not rocket science.
40 people should have been shot
Protesters are sick people. They need to get a life. Now 2 humans are dead because of there protesting. Where is the right in that. Also blm organization are satanic inspired. Take heed brothers and sisters. God help us. Amen.
So because you own an ar 15 you’re in a militia? That’s insane.
Dude SJW's are wimpy as F.
I watch a number of videos and live streams, this was self defense. In one of the videos they said this guy was neither a rioter or a militia. But that he was a libertarian, who was there to protect a business, he apparently supports blm.  Why they turned on him is confusing AF, but they did, but then again mob mentally. They were chasing him down, he tripped and fell, one guy jumped right on him, the guy that I would assume was one of the fatalities, looks like he may have been attacking him with a skateboard, right after that the guy with the handgun gets shot and he turns away to escape.  After he neutralized his threats he got up fired more shot towards the crowd and walked away, as cool as a cucumber.  One things for sure he is no stranger to his weapon.
People are tired of this. The police hands are tied by the laws that protesters are ignoring. We have a right to protect our homes property and lives. Play stupid games win stupid prizes
Screw all this. I’m voting for Trump.
@0:25 the still tells nothing of the story the guy sitting on the ground was running for his **** from a m0b of at lease 30  trying to get him we all know what would have happened if they did get him.
Where are the parents?
The man was getting jump  he did what he had to do to protect his life
Why you keep calling it a protest if they burning stuff and attacking cops while being unprovoked?
"he was a militia type suspect because of the kind of gun he carried" ??? Can someone explain that one to me?
Trying to lynch him while he was lying on the ground.
Who is funding them?  The rioters are not from around here.  They get transportation, food, supplies from somewhere.  Follow the money.
Is all trumps fault!
Spanish people stop protesting for blacks I repeat DO NOT HELP BLACKS
They’re called riots & rioters. Hopefully only rioters got shot.
Why were all the protesters crying to the police. I thought they wanted to get rid of police, funny how that works. Maybe police are a good thing to have.
YOU are responsible for this!!! These shots are the result of lieing news media!!!! WGN leaves out just enough facts to get a riot started. Scumbags.
0:45 I Highly doubt the Police department used those Words  Because there is So Many things Worng with what this (Report) Said
2 Rabid dogs put down by patriot defending his property .
Criminal democrats destroying another city during a pandemic? Democrats trying to influence another election
It's too bad everyone seems to act like it's like a big video game.  A whole generation of people inured to violence.
@0:25 the still tells nothing of the story the guy sitting on the ground was running for his l*FE from a m0b of at lease 30 guys trying to get him we all know what would have happened if they did get him.
ah yes run and melee the guy wiht the gun, smort
I saw the hoje thing live . It was Full self defende from the Guy with the gun he Begin ganked non stop after antifa starter burning stuff and atacking ho was recording their acts
No humans were harmed in the making of this riot.
When grown children are LARPING like it's a game and don't realize there are no extra lives.....
Vote trump 2020 he will ensure they are labeled accordingly....blm is a terrorist organization just like antifa and ISIS.
When do they realize BLM is Blueark.... which is a democratic fundraiser..... Biden is white as hell and obviously doesn't care about black lives....
pretty sure I seen the a full clip of that guy with a rifle and he fell or something and the mob started attacking and he shot at them when they did. If that is the same guy on the video I seen it seems justified in shooting.
Some nice shooting, he waited as long as he could too. They were assaulting and trying to dissarm him, completely justifiable. He has nothing to fear, that video is out there and any jury will see it. It's awesome to see people pushing back at these domestic terrorists.
good all BLM members should have been shot
same shouldve happened  in portland to manbun dj loser
you clipped the video that shows he defended himself from 3 violent rioters and a mob  not far behind. He had no choice or he would be dead himself.  You are fake news
2 more martyrs for the BLM cause but since they were white maybe they dont matter.
How can you call these protests, they are riots! About time people started shooting antifa terrorists
His parents should have taught him not to fight with police no wonder why he got shot
It’s about time. Antifa started it , we’ll finish it.
you do know that a locked 'n loaded NG infantry battalion with attached sniper section would clean this up over night
Democrats love this kind of chaos and unrest, it's the only way their platform has any relevance.  Not much has changed since the Dems founded the KKK.
If you're carrying a powerful rifle in the middle of a demonstration what did he expect would happen didn't he see what happened to the last guy that thought he was a big brave man  pointing a gun at a civilian in a car now theres two idiots not walking the streets anymore good riddance to the trash
Burning isn't protesting. Shooting rioters isn't a crime.
Thinning the herd
After 8 pm, it's not a protest anymore, it's a riot.
How do you like Democrat Socialism so far?  Biden / Harris Platform & Goals:(Do you know?)  Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party."  *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients, and their families with a cost of billions to taxpayers.  *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Police funds will be distributed to other programs. If Biden is elected you will see de-funding law enforcement countrywide.  *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer-funded with one estimate at 52 trillion)  *Massive tax increases. Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to.  *Sanctuary Cities & States. Biden & Harris supports sanctuary cities.  *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden & Harris support.  *Reparations for the race’s harmed by Caucasians. Biden & Kamala Harris committed to Al Sharpton to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up)  *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE. Funds used for other programs. * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs.  *The Second Amendment will be under attack even more under Biden. Biden stated, "Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar," Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns."  *Ending of all private / employer-based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything. This is Kamala Harris's baby. Kiss goodbye to your healthcare plan if Biden/Harris wins.  *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden & Harris.  *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer-funded with estimates in the billions). Bernie Sanders's plan adopted. *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country immediately.  *Open Borders.  *End all deportations of illegal aliens immediately, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations.  *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden & Harris endorsed  *Destruction and erasing our history. Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious
Who cares? Lol
This is a war.
Just want let u know again and again and again that people were shot and killed bc we r trying to escalate the violence and usher in this NWO....
Its what happens when u attack a armed man
stop the bias its violent riots and terrorists funded by soros to atack all who opose evil mho
It’s a riot, all intentions of vandalism & looting. And hey, lets stomp somebody on the ground! Real Americans have no sympathy for blm/antifa rioters. Their just the dog Pooh on the bottom of my shoe!
Fake main stream media Get your story straight
If you crappy reporter, not journalist,  want to continue spreading lies, have at it. Would the national guard have been called in if these were peaceful protests? Burning buildings, destroying property, looting is not PEACEFUL. Dear God, give this man a dictionary so he can look up the definition of a protest and a riot. But then, maybe he doesn't even know how to spell those words to look up. These reporters have no morals and no shame about lying.
Pls ,protest peacefully. No violence,no more deaths ...
Media's twist:  We need stricter gun control because people are starting to defend themselves.  Those poor "victims."
And let's face it these are stupid people
Re watched the video of the shooting and I think a civilian shot and killed a man.  I think he was a fellow protester playing GTA5 with his fellow "peaceful protestors" during the "unrest".  A man child who calls the police stating he just shot someone.  He then tries to leave the scene without firing but is attacked by the mob. He then defends himself shooting at those attacking him.  It's unclear of he goes on a rampage thereafter or if the other video is just the reaction of the shooter defending himself.  This would not have happened if the video of Blake on the ground had been released to the media.  Only the video of the police shooting him in the back  was shown widely by the media who has fueled this violence.  I think this violence is a tragic.  This is what Anger begats. The fruits of anger are violence.  I am very saddened that people are being manipulated into this. The Left is driving a violent wedge into the hearts of Americans. Gotta vote for Trump.  We have to defend America.  This is the future the Demon 🐀 rat party wants for us all.
The mob chased the guy and jumped him on the street. He had a right to defend himself.
These aren't protesters anymore but they are terrorists, anarchists and seditionists which should be dealt with accordingly.  They say they want war but will shit their pants when the first shots are fired.  Grant their wishes and send them to hell.  The battle lines are drawn.   It won't involve law enforcement or National Guard.    It will be regular citizens of all races and backgrounds that will be protecting their businesses, homes and families.   Douglas MacArthur-----   The hour of your redemption is here. Your patriots have demonstrated an unswerving and resolute devotion to the principles of freedom that challenges the best that is written on the pages of human history. I now call upon your supreme effort that the enemy may know from the temper of an aroused and outraged people within that he has a force there to contend with no less violent than is the force committed from without. Rally to me. Let the indomitable spirit of Bataan and Corregidor lead on. As the lines of battle roll forward to bring you within the zone of operations, rise and strike. Strike at every favorable opportunity. For your homes and hearths, strike! For future generations of your sons and daughters, strike! In the name of your sacred dead, strike! Let no heart be faint. Let every arm be steeled. The guidance of divine God points the way. Follow in His Name to the Holy Grail of righteous victory!
Well they were trying too jump someone and beating people too death so what you expect just like Jacob Blake I just heard he was resisting arrest beating up two cops had a knife and a gun in the front seat and even told the cops he had a gun in the car before he started resisting arrest. So what the cops where supposedly wait until they were getting gunned down or killed by Jacob Blake???
The protesters are lucky, my ar15 holds 32.
I'm done with the riots I'm voting for Trump maybe it will bring a end to this
Title should read; "Patriot defends himself and others against violent mob, killing two, wounding another" -Fixed.
2 killed 1 injured during "protest" 🤦🏾‍♂️. These mugs still trying to brainwash us into not knowing that these are domestic terrorists! Damnit America FIGHT BACK!
Let's all live in a city so the stupid people can burn it down
Self Defense. Plain and simple. How dare you edit this and call him a "Militia Type Suspect". Tell me WGN, where are the videos of the black SUV's with their license plates blacked out? Why were they allowed to gather in Salem, Paddock Lake, and drive unobstructed into Keno? Where are the pictures and video's of the guns and ammunition that the police and feds found at those intersections? Where are the video's of the BLM members shooting mortar type fireworks at the roof of the courthouse? Why are you not reporting what is really going on?
Too graphic to show huh? I guess finding a loophole to not show the context of the guy falling over and rioters then rushing him. While he fell then firing when rioters were right on top of the guy. Literally other videos of the same content news just blurs when the event takes place. Why is this any different?  Why not just show the video or the various angles of the event? Since hey, why was this shooter on the ground? Why was it the guy that was right on top of him shot? Why give your own conclusion instead of showing the context of the event so viewers can make their own conclusions? It's a pretty clear video to watch from the several angles you can get of it.
These so called 'vigilantes' are the definition of a militia
Those "protesters" are stupid.  What a waste.  Come on people get all the facts before you start killing.
These kids have to stop their whining, because people are not going to put up with their shit no more.
The deceased brought it upon themselves
When it turns violent it is NO LONGER a protest,  it is a riot.  Would like the reports to at least get that part right soon.
What you think will happen if a violent mob attack a citizen upholding their 2a.
Well those people should have stayed away from the violence the ones who passed away from gunshot wounds....
"Protesters" my ass... This is a Marxist insurrection.
Here we go baby
Bet they asked for police for help 😆
I would’ve killed those terrorist too!
Oh what a surprise! We didn't expect this to happen. The longer it goes the worse it's going to get.
Funny Noo mention of color, screw your coverage an your political agenda!
Probably should start a GoFundMe me for this man. Sure he will need a lawyer soon. They only like to charge the innocent these days.
This  is because a scumbag criminal resisted arrest & now that whole city is paying for it.
if you're gonna start a fight, better finish it. too bad skateboard boy didn't learn that earlier. rip, rest in piss.
Hahahahaha, this makes me smile! Instant Justice
Own your party Democrats! This is you! Own it! Say l want it for my city!
Fake news. They came off buses..  Most of them aren't even from that location. They were being violent. The citizens protected their community.
Cjtv or mercado media on Facebook were there.   This guy doesn't know anything.  Second hand BS.
Well I'm surprised it took this long. Watch, they will use this to take away our guns, or try anyway.
Goodshitt may they rest in piss 🖕
don’t arrest the guy. He was obviously protecting himself. Play stupid games. Win stupid prizes. 🥱🤷🏻‍♂️
Nope sorry. I saw the video. The guy was running away and being chased by a mob saying shoot his ass beat his ass. Wisconsin has an open carry law which allows anyone legally to carry a loaded weapon that is not concealed. 2 Wisconsin has a castle doctrine which states you can defend yourself and use lethal force when you believe you are in imminent danger of death or bodily harm. This guy was within his rights to defend himself from a mob. Now why would people run after a guy carrying an ar15!!! This is what you people want!! No police then this is just a small example of how it will be except it will be 100 times worse than this!!
I'm guessing he was hired by the police. Probably provided the weapon also. It's opens season for you pigs.
‘Mass shooter’ ‘militia type suspect’....whatever. We all know where this is going. American citizens are fighting back. They’ve woken the sleeping giant!
Protest??????? More like riots..... Stop lying........
Was it worth it? What a shame. Man was defending himself what they expect? Let him just sit there get jumped?
AR15? Is that legal to carry in a public place? I don’t mean it is right or wrong. I am really taken aback that an AR15 is allowed on the streets
Need to gather them all up send them over to Russia and see how long they get away with it over there
Sheesh, it's about time somebody has fought back.  I'm sorry people died but if you play hurtful games sometimes you get hurt, it's too bad it was hurt to death but come on, you knew this was coming.  And I think there probably will be more.  The Police hands are tied thanks to the Democrat/liberal Mayors and Governors!  And to top it off all the Democrat run cities just by coincidence are doing nothing to prevent this, NOTHING, TELL ME IF THAT'S NOT COLLUSION!
Bozos
Civil wars a coming
Criminals not protestors. All three shot were trying to attack someone with a firearm. Self Defense clear cut. Darwin at it's finest. Attack someone with a Firearm and expect to get shot.
Dejavu. . Corona came, cop killed george .  Then.... Corona was sort of  "under control" . Nothing happend. Then corona went viral again. Cop killed another black man. 🤔
This was destined to happen.  It was just a matter of time.
Talk about bias news😡
"protests" i suppose that is why there is a burnt out car in the background right? say it as it is, these are RIOTS, caused by you media scumbags
This is America? Our children will have to inherit this mess or worse. If we don 't squash it. This is not America. Vote conservative in November please!!!
Enemy Combatants aren't "protesters".
Militia my ass ! A resident tired  of the BS
Just another night of "peaceful protests"
Show this guy was attacked by rioters and defended himself that's the real story more fake news from fake Media.
if you kill a murderer there is still gonna be a murderer around.- Batman can america just realise that.
Blake had a knife enhanced video's of this are out there stop listening to the "news" they want a race war. Do some research before you go and think ALL black men are innocent Blake would have been shot no matter what color he was refused to drop a knife and was reaching under the seat for you'll probably find out was a gun.
When you are part of the RIOTS, you can and should be SHOT!
Did anyone else notice the msm not reporting this.
Wonderful news kill’em all
I wonder who helped them when they got shot, it sure wasn't the peaceful protesters peacefully shooting each other.
I fixed your headline for you.  "2 killed, 1 wounded at RIOTS in Wisconsin over police shooting of Wanted Felon Jacob Blake."
the media wants a "militia" type to open up on a group of BLM. gotta say i want it too.
Awesome!  Antifa rioters kicked the wrong guy in the head  this time!  Our streets bitches!
Mister mister reporter, that is not a protest that's a riot
Glad to see regular citizens fighting back
Good
I didn’t know you could blow up a car dealership and still be called a protester🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Democrat protesters: shocked pikachu face.   : Everyone liked that.
Want more of this crap? Vote Demo in November. You’ll be guaranteed more uncontrolled mayhem. We should have sent in the military long ago and ended this stupidity.
How does violent murderous  protesting help stop violence and murder?
I hope the dead are rioters. If violence is all they know these days. Give it to them.
"Protests"? We see you fake news. And all your false narratives. The blood is on your hands.
Sorry but being stupid is a dangerous.  All this for a thug.  How about the death of the 5 year old in Wilson N.C.  No one went to the streets for him and all the other children that have been killed by these idiots.
Wisconsin Governor Evers was told at least 750 Guard members were needed to keep the peace. Evers sent 250. Evers isn't solely to blame, but his intentional actions helped lead to what happened last night.
I think this newsmen is more of a threat then a citizen defending himself against a mob of rioters! Protesters don’t burn down the town!!!
one man shot in head, one in chest and one in the arm.  gangs brought their own guns from chicago and milwaukee. rifles were passed out like bricks to protestors at the park by courthouse. people fed up with out of town ppl coming into kenosha and burning down . New York could take a lesson from kenosha.  the national guard was actually very polite asking ppl to leave they didnt do the shooting..   when the rioters lit the garbage dumpster on fire and shoved it toward the gas statoin they could have stepped in .. no garbage pickup in kenosha this week they burned the garbage trucks at courthouse and lit dumpsters on fire.. so throw ur trash in front lawn and live in it .. others working hard with brooms downtown cleaning up glass and debris only to have more fires the next day again.
These so called "peaceful" protesters deserve it. They don't give a shit. All they want to do is hurt and destroy.
Not to nit pick but u have a spelling error in ur title. U spelled riot - p r o t e s t. Its ok, common mistake now a days
Someone put up the hole video so we can see what really happened
Of course they did not show him being punched and thrown to the ground then being kicked in the head  before he defended himself
Shoot people that threaten to kill you
Bought and paid for by the DNC.
2 commies less.
shooter was 17 and from out of state! who gave that kid an AR15 without finding out his age?
Protests?
3 frags? You unlocked the UAV killstreak
Rip
Shows a burned up car:  News: it was peaceful
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Stop lying...it was NOT and AR-15. AR-15s are only allowed in the military, SWAT, Police Departments and Federally licensed individuals. Just because a semi-automatic rifle has a black composite stock on it doesn't NOT make it an AR-15. RESEARCH PEOPLE!!!
this is not a protest this is a Marxist riot, if your there beating on people, you deserve to be shot.
Who cares any more we r relieving 1960s all over
Exactly what does rioting and destruction actually prove.....folks ability to riot, make their point known.....ok, Black Lives Matter, now what....at what point does the point get across.....or is this a planned revolution just to incite a civil war.....more folks are going to be shot, and defunding the police is the dumbest idea yet.....
So it’s not ok for a cop to shoot a criminal evading arrest but it’s ok for rioters to kill, burn and loot? Makes no sense.
November 3rd is the new July 4th.  Just wait.  Keep poking a sleeping lion. You ain’t seen nothing yet.
These thugs are going to lose badly
Once in a while you get what you ask for well they got what they wanted a one way ticket to hell
Self defense.
America is Falling!! Thank the soviet union for their unwavering help...sowing seeds of discourse amongst the american public. Re igniting the flames of history.
😃😃😃😄😀👋👋👋👋👋👋
The most racist toxic comments are coming from NonAmericsns 😂!! And y'all always want to blame BLM for shit, when he went out with a gun like that with the intent to shoot! That's my POV ... he was engaged in militia like activity just like all members of NRA and Trumpsters
Just the media adding more fuel to the fire.
Who knew we had this many sick animals in society? Please get real and stop calling these actions protests. Justice was served, you do dirt, you get dirt.
The shot heard round the world is coming folks get your popcorn in beer antifa and black lives matter are itching for a civil war they won't like the results
Three people assaulted one man and got shot sounds like karma, two of them will be peacefully protesting tonight, l wonder should we start a GoFundMe page to get that Patriot some more bullets  USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
spin it fake news! spin it!
*SELF DEFENSE YOU MARXIST CNN!!!* You think he lay on the asphalt because it's fun or because they hit him in the back of the head??? Hm?? Fake news!
There is supposed to be like a 1000 from various militia groups heading there this week account to the internet.  Emboldened criminals are going to try to cause conflict with the militia knowing that the Police will protect them over the good guys that are only there to help the citizens.
Well hey Keep on bitching wining and moaning My bad I mean protesting
what have we learned? live coverage showed us exactly what happened while news says it is to graphic . police cameras required in 5 states WI is not one of those. BS excuse we are working on it.. sounds like every boss ive ever had . if police had cameras they would have video which would back the men in blue and video for a jury to see more clearly the situation at hand. Citizens would grow more trust in police. but for now police can say whatever they want because there is no cameras. you dont want to DEFUND the police you want politicians to get the damn cameras on police.
Protesting just gets More innocent people Hurt ,,, Seeing Blacks & Whites Protesting is a No good situation
The guy shot in this video had his upper arm blown up and by the way, was holding a loaded gun in the same arm
Go to daily mail, to see him being attacked by multiple rioters
So they have stills of the shooting but no details to give us except this pile of crap? It looks like he was sitting on the ground because he was attacked and he shot.
Disappointed You got Ar15 but didn't shot on the head
Two Antaqueefs took the asphalt temperature challenge and passed.
Heres a brilliant idea.....quit rioting, burning n destroying property that doesnt belong to you and otherwise breaking the law. If you stop your madness I bet you wont get shot.......
Saying this started off as a PROTEST is a lie! I was watching this live, and there was nothing civil about this. Before the police started sending out the troops, they were trying to break down that barricade as you even showed in your video. USE APPROPRIATE LANGUAGE. You are EMBOLDENING criminals EVERYTIME you call them protestors. They are not peaceful, and they're torching YOUR city. Stand up AGAINST them, so it's not out your front door. The blood of the victims is on the hand of every media person who lies about what's going on.
How were all these idiots ready to rumble that fast after this happened? Hmmmm? Soros employees!
Time for UN peacekeepers to be sent to the USA.
Logic: ONE person was shot by police. Retaliates by shooting THREE people. Makes sense...
Burn Loot Murder BLM peacefully making everyone's lives better.
Did you actually think something else was going to happen?
Check the shooters facebook page, hes got blue lives matter posted all over it. Not MILITIA..
Murdered by Democrats and their corrupt media
Democratic hell holes fall apart more folks will be fighting back. Better get  grip Demonrats. BLM is a HOAX .
half of these people aren’t protesters,they’re just people at protests if yk yk
Why didn't they just give the protesters what they want like Idaho? They let mask-less white power protesters push past state patrol smash windows and over fill a room with limits due to covid19 - the shooter was white, I wouldn't expect justice . Vote these GOP assholes out!  Defund the police !
Now people are rioting and dying to protest a criminal  lol. Damn dems so killing each other on the Westside of Chicago isn’t enough now we’re doing it in Wisconsin too.
well done... think they can do as the wish, chase guy get shot. Dead. well done. The fools back off too like cowards, showing they can only go as a group. I'm glad they got taught a lesson
Trump just leave
Well time to go to live leak
out of 2 presidential candidates, there is NO ONE really addressing and proposing solutions for protesting, racial conflicts in the US which is a big elephant in the room!
love and healing for all the negitive out there and around the world.
3 shot at a riot, Probably  by someone defending his property or himself. Good its about time citizens start fighting back against terrorist.
Wgn is garbage🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Good
Media and the democrats have started this,  don't blame the citizens protecting their lives, families and businesses. What did you expect. The ordinary American isn't going to sit back and let rioters murder and maim them freely.
So you protest violence from the police...with violence...where three people get shot and two die?! Huh... gotta remember that...
The 1960s riots all over again. When will people ever learn?
Stop your fake news it wa a riot!
BLM logic - Man gets shot by police and lives.  Riot and kill two people.
Looks like the guy sitting, holding the assault rifle shot that guy standing next to him.
Not protests when ppl are being shot. Call it for what it is...Riots ! These "protesters" are going to keep funking with the wrong ppl and these shootings are going to become more common.
Woot Woot! Stand up and stop these terrorists once and for all!
WTF those idiots are calling those riots as ‘protesters’
Finally someone grows a pair ! He was getting chased down and he protected himself! No news here in my opinion.
"He was carrying an AR-15 gun." This fool reported does NOT know what an AR-15 is. Not a clue what he is talking about.
Add addendum: the biased Media are perverting the terms to whitewash reality! Terrorism is not a protest, it is a physical attack on our society  in order to promote an oppressive Marxist political agenda! Wake up people!
It wasn’t a gun it was a olive branch of peace.
VIVA... Vigilantes!!!
Riots over apprehending a wanted criminal who was refusing arrest... And like all of these, there are more facts we don't know yet... The mayor and governor stirred the pot, and should quit.
Protecting your property isn’t a militia.
GOOD GOOD GOOD
Why do they keep calling it a protest it's not a protest it's Anarchy arson and rioting
🇬🇧2 RIOTERS SHOT DEAD DURING RIOT...ANOTHER RIOTER IS SERIOUSLY INJURED🇺🇸
They were attacking a man with a rifle and trying to disarm him. Of course he is going to defend himself. Why is anyone surprised? And why did the rioters (NOT PROTESTERS) think he wouldn't defend himself? If they disarmed him were they gonna hug and kiss him? Clearly trying to do him great bodily harm.
You play stupid games, you win stupid prizes. Stay home and be safe.
It's sad when a shooting between a known criminal and police   when criminals DONT LISTEN TO COMMANDS THE CITY HAS TO SUFFER WITH RIOTTERS DISTROYING EVERYTHING. ITS BULLSHIT.. WHY DEFEND A CRIMINAL ? WHY NOT WAIT TIL ALL FACTS ARE IN NOT JUST OFF A PERSONAL CELL PHONE? CELL PHONE CAN BE ULTERED I WANT TO SEE ACTUAL POLICE BODY CAM
Niiiceeeeeeeeeee
Why does a 17 year old own an AR-15? Is no one concerned about that?
Riots.
This is the Governors fault he was offered help from the president and he turned it down. If he took the help the first night and squashed this right away this may have never happened.
The rioters should have stayed home instead of traveling to Kenosha to terrorize the locals trying to protect themselves and their property.
Hey that was a peaceful bullet protesting his right to fire.... hey so a man with open warrants is shot resisting arrest and now two people are dead  When is enough enough to stop all of this
Good
Dead terrorists, I approve. Seems like normal people have had enough. Act civilized or prepare to have your life ended if you don't.
Its two fucking cars...the population is 100k.
wgn why are you not using the color of skin for those who were shoot? but you sure as hell are quick to put up a black man was shoot by police wtf
Ok people, killings are not a part of a PEACEFUL protest!  In a short while , we will start DEFINING the terms the vulgar have perverted!
Search millennial Millie. She has answers
Lmfao ...hell ya ..f/k um all hahahaha
“A well regulated militia, the right of the people...” well fine, callem militia type, no problem cause there is a lot more of that coming soon! And he got thru it unscathed, and took out three of these rats? Think Aunt Tiffa and her misguided children are in for a surprise.
Wasn't Jacob carrying a knife when you zoom in the video??
warning ANY protestor try to stop my car or invade my space then i will feel threatened and will respond with deadly force. time to call in military or for the people and militias to rise. and to all u bullshit mayors and governors well remember the people r watching you defend these looters and property damagers etc. all u people r doing is leading to a civil war. my opinion
You lot are guns mad, if your police kept their guns in their holsters, and their hands free, they could have restrained the guy as he walked away, instead of following him with their hands occupied by pointing a gun at him. The racism of your nation, if a black guy dose not immediately obey an instruction, kill him. You have not moved on beyond the society portrayed in “ to kill a mockingbird “.
2 less criminal supporters to worry about.
NOT A PROTEST...IT'S A RIOT YOU LIAR
Americans ask yourself is violence 🙄 all we know 🤔😩😫😪
Shoot all of them.
You are making the defender a criminal and the criminals the victims. Next he will painted as a white supremest. I applaud this man for defending himself and his property. The media is biased.
2  IS  TOO  LITTLE,,  MUST  SHOT   ALL  OF  THEM.  :PEACEFULL   TERRORISTS"
This is the threat we all face now. Refuse your vaccine and wait
That man is an essential protester.
Only 3 dammm they should shoot them all.
these people had it coming to them...
This is what is going to happen, people (not militia) will and are getting tired of this BS.
The fake commie media needs to be shut down. People are tired of them stirring trouble with their lies.
Why are people putting up with these two bit politicians.  A stop could be put to this easily.  Remember back a few months ago how the media had characterized the protest in Michigan by those that were against the lockdown.  We did not see any killing, looting, or burning of buildings.  Yet those were said to be out of control.  When the group supported by the media kills, loots, and burns buildings they label it a peaceful protest.   Just think about this when you vote in November, that is if you wish to keep your house.  A few weeks ago there was a group saying you had to give that up.
This IS NOT a protest
No remorse. Bad decisions come with bad consequences. The American Public is not playing around anymore.
I counted 4 people shot. One in the used car lot and three in the street that attacked that patriot.
These so-called "Patriots" are "civil war" and "race war" Provocateurs. They've just escalated things to a whole new level. They just took America over that slippery slope. There's no going back now.
Blm 🤪🖕
Well this man shot someone with a registered weapon, he should be easy to find.
Protesters really? I dont think so you mean rioters.
That reporter is about as cheerful, upbeat and positive as I’ve ever heard while reporting 2 people died. 🙄🥴
The people were RIOTING,  not peaceful protesting. He was probably Defending himself and Protecting his Neighborhood
I knew this wasn’t gonna end well when I saw people walking around with rifles.
Good job!! They deserved every bullet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is the reason Trump will get reelected,A man defends himself from certain death by criminals and the news calls him the criminal.
I guess we are all militia for owning AR-15? Stupid! What would we be if we used spoons? You destroy people's homes and businesses their livelihood. You deserve to pay the price. If you hate America leave we will help you pack.
To stop comunistas you need to shoot. To stop a riot do the same, shoot.
Keep calling them protestors, we the people see the weaponized media for what it is
Hahaha!
He shot a couple of rioters who were trying to beat him down.  There is good video of the entire incident on Fox.  He had every right to defend himself and if this unhinged lunacy from the left continues, well , you can expect more of the same.
Just a peaceful protest, nothing to see here.
Great. Shot each other because no justice.
Seems like they got what they were asking for just like that punk Jacob blake
"Shot running away from the gunfire..." lying ass. He got shot immediately after trying to stomp the dude
Antifa / blm communists wanted war.  Be careful what you wish for.   Good day down range for the Silent Majority.
Its typical for those people, cant even protest that their lives mattered without killing eachother
So glad I don't love be in the city.
THESE ARE NOT PROTESTS! THESE ARE RIOTS!
Politicians and police are evidently failing to stop rioters; that is why armed patriot Americans step up and exercise a lawful right to defend their people, property and towns.
Its about time.....It is the fault of the Mayor and Governor
We are not getting much detail. But it seems that some people involved have come in from out of town.
Bwhahahahaha
All I see is a buncha morons thinking they're making minorities look good.
Yup. Guns are now coming out.
they still vote them as lawmaker @ president no matter what?? as usual??
Yeh right!  News what a joke it is these days.   Reality = Communist Rioters got what they deserved.
The guy he shot had a gun also. You can see it clearly as he’s running away.
public project mocking bird newspeak-you're responsible
Dumbass people.  Lets protest bc people cant follow simple instructions then wanna play the victim
There not FRICKEN Protesters,there Fricken HEATHENS.
Self defence ,How dumb trying to beat up a man with a gun.
Keep reporting murders as protest, you are a joke
Rioters
Why not show a screenshot of the guy getting jumped before he used his firearm to protect himself?
Glenn Marshall Maybe the riots will visit your I mean peaceful protest
this is what looks like when people are tired of getting beat down by a mob and some times die
How can you possibly call this a protest there was a total riot you idiot
Another worthless riot state
Just watched the video.....they chased him.....he fell down....a fucktard try to grab his weapon....he maintain control ...laid down some suppression fire and took out some EBT card holders...good clean shooting
It was unbeliveable last night.
Oh yes arrest the shooter but don't arrest the rioters destroying his business. That is why he is shooting people. He has no other option. Notice he did not shoot any of the other unarmed people who were right next to him after he fired.
Find the footage where they were chasing him and throwing Molotov cocktails at him laughing.  But now shits not funny.  I’m laughing my ass off ;)
This is just the beginning, they are going to find out that a world of hurt is going to come down on these rioters.
These protesters are the brutal brown shirts
We cannot solve violence with more violence! I’m sure Jacob wouldn’t want ppl to solve shit this way. How is burning down the town his family still lives in justice. There will be nothing left for them.
3 rioters shot 2 killed the problem with this story is they mentioned MILITIA RELATED because of AR15 WRONG that guy who did the shooting WAS  DEFENDING HIMSELF After being attacked for protecting a business TYPICAL CHICAGO LYING BS watch the live streams morons SELF DEFENSE PERIOD and that was not a protest it was a RIOT
There's also a curfew at 8pm and these hooligans are rocking a fence back and forth (wtf?) and destroying everything. Riot control uses rubber bullets and gas to move them around, preferably back to homes... but use live ammunition and suddenly those folk scatter like roaches. Hint, hint.
Just stay home, it's as simple as that.
The Burn, Loot and Murderers are at it again.....
The party is warming up. More stupidity, More guns on the way . Thanks announcer man for not wearing a mask like all the other TV idiots.
“Militia Type?” You mean Antifa?
What is a militia type of person ??
Good good good....time to thin the scumbags
This will get much worse before better because Democrats let it go on to long
The man on the ground was running away being followed by at least 20 people, then he was pummeled to the ground, then several men attacked him. He shot two of them, including the guy in the still image who was shot in the arm after attacking the man on the ground. He was also armed with a handgun himself.
Fawk protesters.
Your So called News needs to get it right !!!!  They were shot Because they were thugs breaking the law
Police shoot a criminal with an active warrant... More criminals riot in support... More people shot ergo... U cant make this stuff up.... Mad max and the bikers next up
Law & order. If they donot obey law, they riots deserved that.
Rioters harass the wrong guy with a gun. They found out right quick.
That was not a protest it was a riot.  Stop calling a riot a protest
Oh well.
Malicious just cus he had an a.r?
Lmao how conveniently edited to make sure people don't see this man was being rushed by a violent mob trying to tear him apart. Twice actually, this is actually the 2nd time he was defending himself from rioters.  The thumbs up this video has are from people celebrating this man's right to bare arms and defend himself and his community.
Yah, daycares and car dealerships are racist too.
This can't become the new normal.
Yall cant control the boarders but shot and kills at a protest we gonna shoot back
Sounds like justice me
Media show only 13 seconds of this incident. Lets see what lead up to this time.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Who cares....
Well you are asking JUSTICE FOR A CRIMINAL Now you became a criminal & victim. What an instant karma!
Give this PATRIOT a medal.
When the looting starts, the shooting starts.
I no longer need my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
And was there any loss other than property?
They actually chased a man with a rifle, then they got shot.  They tried to beat him and they got shot.
Shooter if you read this 👊🤟👏👏👏👏
Good! Shoot all the rioters! Going to prosecute the law biding citizens?? Militia type, really??? How do you know that?? Liars, Marxist media liars!!
The word you are looking for is riots not protests.
To WGN "news". Using words like protest & crowds, your descriptive words do not fit with the scenes and images shown.
That's trump law and order police being allowed to shoot who ever they like armed or unarmed it doesn't matter
All of this is happening because of the stupid actions taken by Blake.   Idiots.
That white boy, was out their to target blm or to kill for the sport of it!!
Bravo...for people standing up to these criminals.....great job
Possible scenarios. They run outta shit to break, or militia run outta people to shoot. Watch also, they're gonna want this dudes head of course. The rioters are adolescent in how they view things, burn it, insurance will pay for it, sounds like people that never dealt with insurance companies.
NOT PROTEST, RIOTERS get it right. Play stupid games win stupid prizes MORONS!!!!
Cars and buildings damaged.  A protest
God help us all.  I can't believe in America we need to defend ourselves from this crap.
BLM using young white kids to do their dirty work.These kids are indoctrinated by Marxists
These aren’t protests....
There is a saying in Spanish more or less like this: "If you don't want to see shadows, don't go out at night". In simple words stay home and nothing is going to happen to you.
"Militia type individual because he was carrying an AR-15."  Looks like the media found their new narrative 🙄
"Militia-type suspect?" Because he used the most popular rifle in the U.S.? Nothing wrong with belonging to a militia (necessary to the security of a free state), but it's jumping to conclusions to say the type of gun someone used to defend themself makes them a "type."
Nice shootin’ Tex!! He will be found not guilty via self defense no doubt. This needs to happen more often
If you remember in the CHAZ/CHOP the Rapper "Warlord" guy passing out Ar-15's to underage kids?  Remember that?  Most of the "security force" in the CHAZ/CHOP has semi-automatic rifles.  If it was a citizen and self defense, KUDOS for him.
Keep it up lefties it’s only going to get worse for you
He wasn't malitia. He was a citizen trying to protect property from a mob of rioters. An AR doesn't make you a militia. Stop spreading lies and show what happened before this. There's plenty of video of it.
Public nuisance and rioters. Go home and find a job.
Riots not protests
protest police shooting, by killing more people...smart..😅
Wow what a weak news cast on what happened. I watched it all live on twitch it was a war zone and guns everywhere
If you shoot one - Shoot all of them! bottom line... they are taking you to jail ending your life so shoot away!
self defense
WGN you never fail to disapoint with your news great job on omitting facts. You fail to mention, the man with the AR was being beaten in the street when he fired on the assailants. To graphic to show on the news, and it doesn't fit with what you are reporting. When a man is running from protestors and is knocked the to ground were he is forced to shoot rioters attacking him. Also the assailant was not shot RUNNING away, they were all shot assaulting the victim. You should watch the video instead of looking at a still.
More criminals will be killed till the media calls off their dogs. A lot more.
lies
The media continues to lie.
play stupid games win stupid...uh 55gr prizes
Thousands of BLM protesters: zero murders One right wing militia proud boy: 2 murders  The right has always used violence to get its way because their ideas cannot win logically.
Greetings from Denmark. I'm just here to correct the title of the video.  3 terrorists was shot as they tried to gang up on a armed man.  Message of the day: If you want to act like gangs they will treat you like that. Learn it you are not on campus anymore. This is the real world
The shooter was attacked & open fire in self defense! DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Call the police,  ohhh wait kkkkk lol
"American patriot dispatches 2 communist and injures 3rd when they attempted to cause him bodley harm".
Where’s the original video?
People don’t get shot at protests. Stop lying. This was a riot.
Blm chased him down and tried to jump him. Show that part of the video
The should have been burning cars in Kenosha when AMC started making the Pacer.
Get out of those people's city and go home and destroy your own home.
Shot to kill
Already 3x more dead than the shooting
These reporters suck ,watch the whole video they chase that guy with the rifle until one of the rioters knocked him down and they start to surround him when he defends himself and shoots 3 of them ,what do you think would happen when a group of violent rioters chase a guy with a gun
We need to do something about the brass tell the truth I don’t tell the news at all it’s getting out of hand
They are not protesters they are rioters
Riot get it  right ! Media is enemy to America. Media always turns it around. You're all a joke Fk 9 news
Thou shall not kill, wash us in the blood, holy spirit come down, we need you now
All this. For what? Another criminal.  Who was shot due to his own actions. He had 2 felony warrents. He previously had been arrested for assaulting a cop, and pulling a gun on a man in a bar. This is pathetic.
What is happening to our country...
Drop the BS term "Protester" they are rioters and deserved to be shot in the streets!
Good
When will these people realize they're the problem
"Good. Everything goes as planned". - Satan.
How is it a protest? There is gonna be much more “militia type shootings” if government doesn’t step the f!ck up!
so hes militia because he had the most commonly purchased rifle in america? they are just trying to make this dude out to be some rightwing crazy but from this footage it looks like he was protecting himself from getting his head bashed in by a skateboard. which by they way they conveniently left out.
"Protests"..... Really!!!.....Fake News
You’re telling me that if you let stupid people run amuck then people get hurt and die? Damn. It’s almost as if the idiots running these cities should be fired and law enforcement should be allowed to do their job.
Looked like a riot not a protest
When are the news going to stop the propaganda and stop the bs reporting? Rioters attack people and those people defended themselves.
Why are you calling riots "protest" ?
MAGAFILTH MINIONS ARE RESPONSIBLE
Media and Social media giants are culpable in everything that is wrong with the world, spreading fakenews about everything. They think the a majority of American People are too stjpid to realize the lies they spread.
Gee, wheres a social worker when you need one?!
Good. Too bad it wasn't more.
Just a bunch of morons
As long as RIOTERS bring in gun  is justified open season.  Shoot to kill. Is a waste of time to arrest this want to be HERO. Make an example of them. Enough is enough
a "militia type suspect because the person was carrying an AR15" is one of the most ignorant statements, as well as you trying to portray this as a "protest".
He should of killed more
Hahahahaha! YEAH! We need more of these animalistic, criminals dead.
Don't you mean "the identity of the terrorist"?
The man he shot has a gun in hand.  Didn't do enough research to report that? Check the end of that clip you just ran.  Gun in hand.
How is this not domestic terrorism?
Nothing warms my heart more than seeing cops mowe down a bunch of white liberal virtue signalers.
Hope it was a rioter who got shot!
It's sad that America has become a dinner table joke around the world. Constant riots every night, skyrocketing COVID numbers, ballooning debt, unstable government that cannot work together for the best of the country. Such a sad place America has become. You are now in a civil war, this time its not the North vs South, but Left vs Right.  You have Pelosi who is absolutely nuts, then you have Trump, when you have 6 of the 12 speakers a the Republican convention with the same last name, its safe to say you are approaching North Korea style government.  When did America become a family business?
Im not hearing or seeing any protesting I do see fires, looting, and mayhem though Why not call it what it is? Or is your news outlet too soft?
PEOPLE HAD ENOUGH..CLICK  CLICK BOOM 👁👍
Rioters gonna learn what happens when you try to turn the smaller cities and towns into Chiraq. We fight back.
This is a Democrat country in the making . Great job Biden / Antifa / George Sorros .. defund the police ? F Morons ..
Idiots
the video of the shooting is being hidden, because self defense is an appropriate response to violent thuggery.
Loot back on the wall🤔 yeah that is a riot protesters don't  burn  loot or  murder  Thank goodness the 2A defended himself and is alive.
Oh ok.. We can play that same game. Rioters, I mean, "Peaceful Protestors" were introduced to   "Civillian Shooters" I mean "Peace Makers".
Awesome!!! Peaceful protests
Why do these cops always shoot people leaving church singing in the choir?
Lol good
Good shooting young man, you were in fear of your life from these looters
And now it happens... Y'all have given them what they need to push their agenda. As in the words of Will Smith "GOOD JOB"
WGN News is part of the MARXIST AGENDA calling this a "protest". This is the Cloward Piven Strategy!!
"Protests" ......ok ostrich.
The on site reporter has a very calm sounding voice.
It's not a protest...
Justice for the pervert abuser has almost been achieved. Just a few more hard working people have to lose the things they have worked hard for and it'll be even.
Freedom is not free, lives will be sacrificed 😠🤔🤔😠🤔
I'm impressed at the self control that person had. That would have been like only grabbing 3 M&Ms. I'd want a whole handful. Although I bet those M&Ms had no nuts though. 🤭
"When the looting starts, the shooting starts"  President Trump
You mean RIOT.
There's only one person responsible for Jacob Blake's death and that's Jacob Blake.  Bad things can happen when you threaten cops and resist arrest.
used cars matter,
Hahahahahaha.......what a beautiful sight to behold backfired to USA now
They attacked the guy! Tell the truth you media hacks. They attacked he shot the fuckers.  Act right stop destroying people's hard work and stop attacking people.  You make it look like this guy is in the wrong because of the type of gun he has. Your idiots!
Demonstrators my ass
Get those white supremacists officers off the force, stop the racial profiling, cnat believe the media or cops interpretation of events 🤔😠🤔🤔
So one thug sexual abuser violent thug gets shot and 2 people die for him.  This is some backward ass shit.
Some people have a Death Wish.
Black cars matter.
New police tactic : "Disperse immediately or we'll give you full time jobs"
Let the lead rain down on them. 3 less dumb as out there burning shit down. Good job 👏 👍 👌
Watch the full video. The guy shot the first guy for harassing him and his friends who were protecting a store. The guy in the red attempted to grab the person’s ar as they pulled back or seem to pull back to the store. Shots rang out and the guy in the red was shot in the head. Afterwards he was separated from his group and was chased down by blm. 2 people attacked him on the ground and somehow he had a proper footing to take the shot at the 2 attackers. Later after he shot the other 2 he turned himself in to the cops with his hands up.
No bias here. Don't show the video of him backing away from them. He didn't start shooting until they knocked him down.
i saw the shooter on a Russian live news feed , prior to the shooting, he was trying to get to the business he was paid to protect, but he couldn't because the police were  investigating a shooting.. i guess things went south for him.
Killing commies is not a crime
good job - i love good news
It’s place call hell for people like this money and property should never be the reason why a human life is lost Shit is sad but as I see I’m comment section i hope y’all god have the same views as you because if so sounds like to 🔥🔥🔥🔥 you go
Why was the terrorist out there? Just to shoot people?
Just sad.... And so what if he had an AR15 its open carry here....
Wonder how much of this needs to happen before the riots stop? Asking for a friend
Its gonna come, if someone in power does not stop the civil unrest the citizens are. Be aware of your surroundings, stay armed it's almost time.
This is rioting and Looding not protesting
I'm surprised not more rioters have been shot. People are entitled to protect their property. Do stupid things get stupid prizes.
Sad to see, but this looks like the start of a trend.
Time to force these rioters into submission... Want Black Lives to actually matter, than perhaps stop trying to cause others to finally choose to return rage...
If those in "authority" to stop this stupidity don't do what's necessary, others will get involved- with far more loss of life.
Does this reporter show a bias in favor of the rioters?
RIOTS AREN'T PROTESTS!
100% fake news
2 killed in protests, says it about your scumbag reporters and owners. When people are killed it is not a protest morons. When buildings are burned it is not a protest morons. You have exposed yourselves as to what you are to the American people.  The American people have rejected every part of you. The American people have bought all the guns and ammo in America getting ready to take you out.  The American people will not act like you idiots destroying your own neighborhoods and businesses. When the American people have finally had enough we will go to heads of every snake start chopping at the top and work our way down.
would like to know how far from where these rioters, who were shot, were from their residences?????
They (Antifa/BLM terrorists) chased him and tried to take his rifle: those people are so stupid to try to confront an armed man! This is the classic case were the smartest prevails and the dumbest soccumb. He shot for self-defense. Totally justified.
Riots
A good start!!!
UNTIE  THE  COPS  HANDS,  WE  THE  PEOPLE  HAVE  TO  DO  THAT ,    BE  VIOLENT  ! It's  time  the  cops  understand  they  are  being  played......and  hated  .......    get  it  ?
This is war...... Us vs the government
Explosions, deaths and destruction shootings.ETC...is NOT a simple protest..ITS A FULL SCALE RIOT..and you know it....This is the very same NAZI propaganda HITLERs minister Joseph Gobels used in the media.
Ok we get it three prick's was shot
a curfew was in effect. well should have honored it. People have been pushed to their limits. More people are going to defend their loved ones, neighbors and property. The RIOTERS have been begging for it. You asked for it you got it. Stay safe, stay home
"rioters were shot by man who they were attacking" is the real headline. this needs to become baseline. if your life depends on it shoot everyone who is threatening you.
American called em Rioters in US but in HK they call em protesters. So let's enjoy the Great Beautiful Scene To Behold created by US. Thanks, now can feel at home, yeah.
Yes I love it 😻
He shot those rioters. He’s a hero
They jumped this guy and he defended himself. A couple received there prize for playing the game.
Sounds like they asked for it and received a darn good dose.  What's on the program tonight?
Jacob Blake raped a 15yr old girl, so why are they protesting?
What protest ? U idiots realize the Marxist mob were destroying oh never mind
RIOT first, ask questions later...my vote for Trump is a vote to end this madness.
That's awesome! These freaks wanted drama..and they gonna get it. Plenty of cheap bullets
Good thing his gun jammed
And fk Blake.    Nothing more than a long list CRIMINAL.
That militia suspect went to the protests intending to shoot protesters, hope he gets the death penalty.
So where is The Video? So we can see the context, post the link to The Full Video
Was the shooter/killer a police officer?
calling riots protests is a great way to demonize real peaceful protests
😂😂😂😂
All your reporters are black now why I was told because if you put a white reporter in that area they’ll be assaulted you’re afraid to that’s why you have black reporters isn’t that sad
It’s funny how the main stream liberal fake news media calls the armed man militia. Let me correct you fake news. A productive American tired of this shit.
Maybe they were protesters!
Already did more harm than the Jacob shooting. 🤦‍♂️
So the “protesters” and their protests have already killed more people then the cops they are protesting?
Why don’t y’all show the full clip?
Trump will take the blame for this the news will make sure of that
More wgn propaganda
Don’t mention that the rioter shot in the arm was holding a pistol in his hand!
Rioters not looters, stop spreading your lies.
Guy shooting was on the ground.  Self defense?
Running away..? Bullshit
COPS KILLED SOMEONE!!! JUSTICE MEANS I MUST KILL 2 PEOPLE AS WELL!!!
Take out one soy boy at a time
It just doesn't make sense. No Large gatherings for sports, church, concerts. BUT Large Gatherings of Protest and Rioting is 👌
Usa is worst country
Looks like he was assaulted and defended himself. He was firing from the ground, as if he had been knocked down.
I've seen the video, the Antifa terrorist was trying to cock his gun when the guy on the ground fired at him, the terrorist drops to the ground right afterward.
Why is it always bout race also and no it wasn't that dude.
"Militia type suspect" AR-15. Jeez, the liberal media is insane. I would call the shooter a PATRIOT!
So, is it still live If it's on YouTube? 🤪
lets hope they never find out who this guy is
You are fake news.
The "militia type person" was an armed citizen that had a long gun and was protecting the business from being burned down.  A man, the man that died, tried to rush him from behind and at the last moment the citizen turned around and saw the aggressor within feet of him.  He fired several shots.  Then the mob chased him and he defended himself in the streets.  I have no doubt that they would have killed him.  The people that attacked him in the street had him on the ground and one was trying to take his weapon.  Another, that was shot in the arm and had it almost blown off had a handgun.  This was as clear cut self defense as can be, but WGN, without facts says he must be a militia member because he had an AR-15 (one of their favorite buzz words).  Do your damn jobs media, if you don't know all the facts then don't report.  If you intentionally report misleading articles, then you are complicit in these riots and the blood of all who spill it will be squarely on your faces.
Stop hiring white cops not complicated
Yes, WGN peaceful "protest"....what bunch of idiots. The shooter was clearly on the ground being assaulted.."Protester" should go to WGN and burn  down WGN office after its being taken down by "peaceful fire" and the building beautifully burned. WGN's reporter: Oh my car and office was burn down by peaceful protester. Yup, since its peaceful protest insurance company can argue since its peaceful and WGN themselves say it peaceful the burn down is by all means consented by WGN. No insurance claim buddy...
It’s a start. Long way to go!
So many good innocent cars just waisted. RIP cars
Its kids , their brains haven’t matured yet , they dont know what theyre doing
And thats in a city come on out to the suburbs see what happens
Obiously people who commented are trump supporters ur time will come
Oh, he had a AR-15, he must be a militia member. 🤦‍♂️ Nice reporting there, what are ya'll in a competition to see who can be the next Detroit. You better hurry up and catch up to Chicago, Portland, and Seattle they're way out in the lead.
Give him more ammo!
i'm sure when these thugs go to bed at night that they feel like they've contributed to society. NOT
Lol Riot say Riot not protest.
Democrat emboldened child-thugs need to be put in their place. You cannot make the narrative and laws up to fit your childish rage/angst.
Right away profiling just because the guy had a certain type of
Oh so it a militia type man with a AR-15 who did the shooting? Yet the blacks walk with long rifle's and thats kool? Report all the names of the innocent people killed in Chicago, N.Y....Crickets
Well what do they think. Police can't do their job and these bums Wana come but. Down your business. People have had enough
The fall of America.
Keep firing lads. DESTROY BLM. DESTROY ANTIFA.
I say we all shoot it out as a country and and see who survives.
The Second Civil War is coming?
Lying ass media.  Three wasn't enough!
Its pronounced riots spell it out wgn ri-ot-s you can do it but you wont because narrative
Hopefully the people who died where rioters and not people who were protecting their homes or businesses.  I don't advocate for violence, but if these scum bad want to defy police orders and riot, they all need to be shot and killed.  This is a threat to our democracy.  Please protect it.
it wasnt a protest it was a riot!!!! people need to use the correct terms this was a riot protests dont involve violence or destruction of property and having to defend yourself with firearms bvecause the left and BLM wants to kill you kinda strange i think!!!
So if these are protests, what would a riot look like?
Civil war more likely to happen?
People typically aren't killed at "protests"
Americas youth...We should be proud...
Mostly peaceful shootings
I'm running out of popcorn.
Fk yea man! 2 off this planet for good, and one who will never attack someone again after knowing that some people will defend themselves.
b/s because he had an a/r it was automatically one of the good guys from the militia ..i don't even believe the police said that.   if a criminal act is not yet determined they call them a person of interest not a suspect .. this is a communist news station i am now convinced of it
Shoot these rioters. Your average us citizens approve this
They literally charged him and he shot them all. Good! I love this man.
We're rioters shots ? Was someone protecting their property?
More degenerate reporting. Anyone with internet connection can see for themselves what is really going on. It is NOT peaceful protests.
Well done two idiots less
Y'all ass keep marching un armed
"Militia" type suspect? Police release? We see where this propaganda spin is going.
reminds me of the joke, what do call a 100 lawyers at the bottom of a lake?. Its a start..
When it rains, muhfuckaz get wet
I predicted this would happen sooner or late.... people are getting fed up...and there will be more of the same wait and see !!!!!!!!!
that reporter wanted to loot so bad
They retaliate with violence! So when will.this stop??? I don't understand because with rap music they preach killing, violence, drug abuse, sexual immorality but they so sensitive when they get victimize by it.
"Protest" haha! Fakenews. RIOTS.
I Suggest NOT attacking a armed individual. What was thier end goal Take Away his fire arm, Theeeeeen??? Another thing with these Protesters either put up or SHUT UP. Bring out the Big toys and have some REAL fun. Fireworks are for babies. Im Not advocating for violence just a solution.
Just think, this will be your town next.
Far left wing Democrats antifa members with guns chase down American Patriots with guns and lose.
So humans commit acts of violence in order to stop violence?!? Real smart of us.
Well people should protect their property and business establishments now fm these insane rioters
Two greased antifa scum - finally some good news.
he's a hero. he had to do it because the police won't do anything.
IT WAS SELF DEFENSE
And that the BLM is out of control and must be stopped at all costs👊
RIOT, not protest.
Three people fucked around and found out. More of this please.
"Protesters" have killed more people this year than the police. So peaceful.
Attention Democrats made in China  Attention violent protesters are domestic terrorists
Why not show the person who shot being chased down the street? Is that too graphic as is doesn't fit the narrative? The person who got shot was chasing the shooter had a pistol in his hand. Get some real journalist.
All lives matter police lives matter my lives matter
When did they start calling RIOTING "UNREST"!
It was just a matter of time. People are getting tired of “protesters” messing up their cities..
This is the medias fault. Calling him unarmed. BLM can be sued
Well it's about time
These criminal rioters that burned down the city want street justice. They are getting it.
BLM ANTIFA MANLET was taunting the militia men to shoot him. I guess they obliged him. bahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahaha
Why does the "Media" continue to call this a "PROTEST"? It's a F*ing RIOT!
👍🍿🍺😜🖐
Proof positive that their is a use for AR 15s ! 😃🇺🇸🇺🇸
Riots.
When are we going to stop calling this protesting? and when are we going to stop calling them demonstrators? MAGA TRUMP 2020
Who is surprised over the events in the United States? ... The US has become a lawless country with plenty of weapons and with black-dressed fascist groups such as BLM, Antifa, MeTo who roam the streets like zombies and destroy everything in their path (riots). Hitlers SS troops (Gestapo) in Nazi Germany were also dressed in black, as well as Benito Mussolini's fascists in Italy during WWII ... It looks like an ongoing civil war over there!  Most US citizen think they are voting for "their candidate" but in fact "Deep State" rules - it doesn't matter if the elected is Republican or Democrat. They have the same foreign and domestic policy (everything works bad)!  China and Russia are more free than the US - Look at US political system - political fight all the time and "Deep State" decides
These are riots, not protests. Stop gaslighting the people you want to inform.
Militia type suspect just because he was carrying an AR-15.. He didn't look like a militia.. Just look like a normal person with a gun..
serious but stable condition? holy shit man
So it was just some liberals Burning, Looting and causing Mayhem that were shot? I vote we make the hero the new police chief
And like I'm used to say by now: Not protests. The word is Riots!
WGN, i've watched and listened to you all my life, but you're really pi$$ing me off by continuing to call these protests. What is wrong with you??? They're RIOTS you jackanapes. Quit INSULTING YOUR VIEWERS!
Militia type cause he had an ar15? My grandma has an ar15.
Unfortunately, there is no vaccine for socialism -Nancy Pelosi
"militia type"? you are stupid wgn
Yep...play stoopid games win stoopid prizes.
Why don't these low-IQ Antsiefafa communists riot against communism for killing so many communists?
Those were not protests last night.
pretty dumb, no?
He BLM Marxist
Not protesting, rioting. Coming to a suburb residential area near you. Get your boots on and lace 'em up. Top off your magazines and clean your rifles
Ahh crap, here we go. When people die in "protests" the civil war starts.
Antifa should be on the list of terrorist groups
Civil unrest in peace.
