🌌Get Nebula using my link for 40% off an annual subscription: https://go.nebula.tv/Practical-Engineering 🛠What engineering disaster would you like to see me cover next?
I've lived in the Haverhill Lawrence area
I lived in North Andover at the time this happened - luckily the apartment complex I was at did not use natural gas at all, and my first alert something was wrong was my terrified family calling me to ask if we were okay. Thank you foe this video - while I knew the disaster was due to overpressurized lines, I never knew how that had happened.
Corporate executive must be held accountable for their negligence.
As a gas utility employee, I drove up there to help with mutual assistance. It was surreal
Gas is super dangerous and scary 🔥 🔥
Hi everyone, as a firefighter, I remember this well. I  also remember a similar disaster on April 2,1990, in Danvers, Massachusetts. High pressure gas fed into a low pressure system. Yup, you guessed it....big mess!..fortunately, no lives lost and I witnessed a second floor ladder rescue (woman survived). So, history repeats itself 😮
Hearing about something like this, I'm very happy that the natural gas network in my home town has been shrinking since the 1960s. And that the gas utility has been pricing private customers out.
A gas explosion wiped out a block in St. Louis County, MO last week. It will be interesting to see the root cause of that one also.
Pipeline Safety is paramount
Why do they not have high flow devices to cut gas flow if excessive flow occurs like a gas main failure?  Something like a hydrolic fuse on an aircraft.
3x230 V lines to housss, burn gas in turbines and let generators spin.
A simply OPSO could have prevent this lol
Having worked in related construction projects for 40 yeats it's hard to understand why as the flow was restored that no one watched the pressure gauge on the downstream side of the PRV. I would also qustion the need to loacte the "monitor" PRV sesnor line so far downstream. In steam PRV installations the pilot sensing line is very short (right at the PRV station.
There's a lot of industries like gas distribution that don't follow the normal rules for engineering design, review, approval, and construction.  Shockingly many of these are industries like gas distribution that have significant safety and environmental risks associated with them.  These activities are the reason professional engineers even exist but when there's big money involved, the governments often let them do whatever they want.  It's not until serious accidents occur due to negligence with loss of life or significant financial loss that anything gets changed.  The level of regulation and oversight should be proportional to the hazards and risk involved in an activity, not how much the company contributes to the economy.
40 year natural gas engineer with a PE here.  The need for a PE to plan these jobs is not something I agree with.  Rather, I think the solution is a "cold eye review process".  One person writes the tie-over plan.  Both engineers and field construction staff are qualified for this.  The key qualification is understanding the process, how the equipment works, etc.  After one person writes it, a second person unrelated to the project needs to do the review.  I like it best when one person is an engineer and the other is a field person.  In a broad sense they think differently and give you two experienced, knowledgeable perspectives to reduce the risk of procedural error.
I like that the NTSB investigates and recommends the PE stamp and most states just ignore it. Literally just waiting for their own lines to have an issue before they do anything
I was in Methuen  had to go to my mom's in Lawrence  when it happened  was wild  cool you covered  this
In Canada, at least in Ontario, every house has its own regulator built into the gas meter. I don't know what the service line pressure is, but I do know it's already stepped down from pipeline pressures which run as high as 2,000 psi (5,000-14,000 kPa). The low side of the home meter is just 7" wc or 1/4 psi. The high side is below 10 at the meter, but distribution mains can be up to 200 psi according to the gas company. I heard 160 psi from an HVAC guy I know in our rural town, which despite its remoteness still gets piped gas. Not surprising since the Trans Canada Pipeline runs by us just a couple of miles out of town. I'm pretty sure the regulator at the meter would take 75 psi. I suspect it just slams closed if the pressure is out of range, but don't take my word for it.   This has been the setup for as long as I can remember and Im 65 years old. Did these homes in the US have no regulator at all?
@8:48  Just as a negative times a negative is a positive , a low signal on a negative feedback acts like positive feedback!   It’s good to test the integrity of that signal before trusting it to be accurate.
It's a marvel to me how many things a functioning home in a developed country requires... I'm always reminded of the phrase by Tolkien when I see the monumental scale of human engineering in the world around me,  "Such is oft the course of deeds that move the wheels of the world: small hands do them because they must, because it is their daily job, while the eyes of the great are elsewhere." Proud to be in software QA to rigorously test possible failures that could lead to domino effect problems. :D
A typical residential natural gas pressure is not 12” w.c. — it’s usually around 10” w.c.
I bet those residents switched to full electric heating systems by now
I wonder if it's in the NTSB report (I didn't see it in this video)...why were the regulators allowed to increase pressure uncontrollably? It seems that another common sense fix would we to cap the regulator's ability to open beyond what the downstream line is designed for. Or to have the regulator shut off after being open for a certain amount of time. After all, if you have a massive leak in your system downstream, you wouldn't want your regulator endlessly pushing gas just to get the pressure up.
but then any malfunction of these pressure regulators appears to be too risky for them to be used as single point of failure. It seems there would hence always be several ones in a row, at least one of which should have worked in the presented situation. And then false installation of one or just a few devices would have had no effect. So that leaves it unclear how this disaster could have even happened. Where am I thinking wrong?
Thanks for the presentation, I enjoy the video's. I take great interest in the movement towards a more electricity based civilization. I am sure you are aware of the progress being made. One weak point is cable transmission. An alternative to AC is DC and in particular medium and high voltage DC transmission . I have long advocated for am upgrading of the power grid to M-HVDC. with advanced battery nodes. One idea is to bury  lines along rights of way, like highways. The time will come when all of these gas lines will be abandoned. So, maybe we can run power lines in them?  To add search SIEMANS: "(MVDC PLUS)"
the note about gas work projects not needing engineering sign off is absolutely wild to me. Something as potentially catastropic as gas failures ought to have strict federal mandates on the design/installation safety procedures
This incident was so crazy I was one of the first responding gas crews out to help shut off meters then start the repairs hope I never see this again in my career so many towns shut down like a ghost town I was part of the main and service reruns in Andover and North Andover and a little bit of Lawrence did 7 months straight 16hr days 7 days a week getting 1 day off every 2 weeks even got put on some 1970's cruise ship as all hotels were full with residence that could not go home and weather was getting cold i have 20 or so more years in my career and hope to never see it again but glad I could be there to help get everything back together and get family's back in there home
Johnny Harris used to be good. But he drank the Koolaid and is incapable of getting through a single video without going on at least 1 leftist tirade.
5:32 Why is the NTSB investigating a pipeline? I guess you could argue that pipelines *transport* gas, but wouldn’t the USCSB be better suited to investigating something like this?
I a gas engineer from the U.K. over here we have pressure regulators on the gas meters in each property. Do they have the same in the US?
I was one of the gas personnel that was called in for mutual aid to clear homes, shut off meters, and making sure that the house was safe after this happened. One of the scariest things I'd ever seen, pilots on the stoves were reported to have been 3 feet high.. The description of how natural gas regulators is very spot on, luckily alot of code changes have added even more redundancy to regulator stations adding even more layers of protection, mostly because of this incident. One of the biggest problems is documentation, if they had documented where those lines were actually located this would have never happened.
My only wish is that Engineers had to through the same learning experiences as the people they are directing, to truly understand how thing need to be accomplished spatially
To not have an individual regulator at each home/meter is absolutely insane!
This is a blue, NIMBY  state that won't let you change the color of your mailbox without a review by the historical committee, but they didn't even require a license to work on a gas main. This is your city in Big Government.
15:00 Was that a jab at The Curse of Oak Island? Man, it's been years since I'd watch that with my parents every Tuesday night. Have they made any actual progress yet? 🤣
Would enjoy a uscsb version of this video
Evil porv
PE stamps required for water and sewer but not natural gas is wild...
as a college freshman in '96, I wrote a short story describing this same kind of event though the citizens of my fictional town fared worse since service could not be cut. not knowing much about gas infrastructure at the time, I assumed this an impossibility because safety, right? 😬
Grady,  your disaster vids are the best!  Do more, please!
Most of our has explosions, are down to jury rigging a line to cut out the meter. Which given the density of habitation in The UK, leads to some real tragedies. As our unemployment "benefits" are not built to allow you pay all your bills, people Google how to videos, result? BANG!
Amazing (and terrifying) that massive gas works can be modified and worked on in with very little oversight from people with an advanced understanding of the topics.
this is my new irrational fear. One faulty system or minute mistake and the whole town blows up
I'm from the future. Both of the NG incidents you've talked about resulted from people working with these systems without proper oversight from an engineer. I find that very interesting. Almost suggests that some things are inherently dangerous and need to be regulated for the benefit of literally everyone, or something.
Why didn't they have overpressure relief valves for when it goes over the maximum design pressure? Is that just not standard for gas infrastructure?  At my job, every single pressurised line has overpressure protection, no matter if it's gas/steam/thermal oil/.... But that is industry, not infrastructure. Sure its an extra cost to have these '1 time' use valves, but its worth it to protect the equipment that is connected to the lines.
I'm from the Boston area and recently a bunch of towns and cities have changed their zoning to no longer allow natural gas for new residential construction. It is specifically to fight against climate change, but I suspect a secondary reason, or at least one way that it has been able to be as successful as it has been, is because this was such a big deal and after that I can see it being a bit easier to convince someone that they no longer need a gas stove or water heater.
I have enjoyed watching your videos.  I have a question about Nebula.  Why is their logo a "satanic star" (upside down)?  I joined Nebula and had difficulty finding material.
There is a regulator at the gas meter for my house (in Texas).  Were there regulators at each user in this system or are the regulators normally installed at the meters inadequate for the level of over pressurization in this case?
I grew up on natural gas.  It has its place in homes. Such as backup home generator, gas dryer,  gas furnace, gas water heater, gas stove. If you want too get into artist creation  gas Hawaiian tiki touches around the pool. Okay my point is: despite all the mishaps in the gas logistics which far in-between when gas hooked up right and the infrastructure is updated correctly natural gas has a pretty good safety record in our home. It even alerts you with an problem with the rotten egg smell. For added safety a couple of carbon monoxide detectors
Professor Grady, we can say with certainty that the added pressure on the line blew out all regulators on the independent gas meters on each home.
Amazing content. I love how much you s/o other creators as well.  Keep up the phenomenal work. Thank you!
i was working at geek squad in the neighboring town of danvers when this happened. my coworkers and i found out about it all because someone came in with a burnt laptop asking if we could recover the data, and when i asked how it happened he said his house blew up
surprised no emergency blowout valves or something near the high pressure low pressure joining.. feel like emergency values should be commonplace on any pressurized system.
I was in high school at the time, a school with many kids in that area.  The look on some of their faces that day, kids who lived in or near those neighborhoods, was harrowing.
It always amuses me to see the murican response to calamity. Professionals ignored, regulations skirted, safety ignored, and almost unilateraly to suit ether avarice, or laziness. Again, and again, and again, and again they have STUPENDOUSLY obvious and predictable failures, because they refuse to adopt a mature first world civilised regulatory culture.
Hmm... how do they install a temp line? I mean how they cut the holes? How they got the ballons in there? i wish this time i saw some more details :x
Why were the individual regulators on each house unable to isolate the issue to the distribution system outside the homes?  I was really waiting for the explanation of that failure the whole time, thinking that they would have caught it.
If it's so critical to not allow high pressure gas, why no emergency vents or automatic shut off valves? Huge design error.
I was outside when my girl called me saying schools were evacuating kids. One kid died from a chimney exploding and falling straight onto him. Crazy shi.
I drove through Lowell and the surrounding cities the night when everything was shut off and it was surreal. They shut down all traffic in and out of Lowell including on the bridges and were working at night with generators and back hoes to dig up the roads. There were 100s of gas and electrical company vehicles parked in large parking lots in the area. I went to drop off stuff at the donation center and the entire place was stacked to the roof with stuff. It was amazing seeing the community come together.  The underlying issue was that when they connected the new gas line they didn't move the sensor over so the pipeline thought there was no pressure so it opened up at full pressure. The local low pressure lines and house regulators didn't have any safe guards so your furnace and appliances exploded or turned into flame throwers.
Thanks; good video. BTW, in MA, “Winthrop” is pronounced WIN-thrip, not win-THROP.
9:56 "multiple explosions and fires" oh good maybe as a team they can figure out how to make Cubane in less in two years
Wow, that's a hell of a thing.  And I never even heard of it before.
The moment I saw the sensing lines animation, I figured it was a dead feedback loop issue. Like the 5V regulator on the Ender 3 making the polyfuse light up orange and melt the motherboard when the output is shorted.
I remember this, and and truly one of the worst things is that Lawrence is not a town that can easily recover from the damage. It's unfortunate how it's almost always the poorest and most vulnerable communities this happens to, and I think we can all agree it's not a mistake that the shoddiest work is done where people have the least resources to get recourse when it kills them or destroys their home
Yeah buddy, keep voting D
I’m amazed that the new plastic line didn’t have an emergency over pressure relieve valve just as a safety measure. It’s plastic.
Do individual houses and businesses not have regulators?
Bullshit
Everytime I hear the term fossil fuel I'm left daydreaming about how dinosaurs built spaceships (Elon eat your heart out) and flew to Mars, then Saturn's moons Titan and Hyperion then later to Neptune and Uranus where they died and whose decay made hydrocarbons (fossil fuels)
Its so amazing how it takes a disaster in every category before there is any common sense regulation in any category.
America does stuff pretty weird it seems   In canada we run high pressure everywhere  And each house gets a regulator from the gas company at their meter
So the gas meter outside each house has no regulator or over-pressure safety shutoff?
Here's what the actual problem was.. the lines were installed 2 years prior..  then theu probably had To wait on fn permits and other red tape During that time, people left, got fired, and/or got transferred..  the control lines were forgotten about because the people that were in charge during the initial installation probably weren't there during the accident time.  If they did the whole job from start to finish with no delays, this disaster probably wouldn't happen
AS USUAL WELL EXPLAINED  GREAT JOB!!
No way at the time of this comment this video had 999K views
Hello Grady, thank you very much for your video. I like the way you clearly explain it. I would like to do a voice over in spanish about your video. I am also engineer and I work as maintenance leader at a natural gas distribution company, I love this topic. Please let me know if you like the idea. I really appreciate if you let me help to do this an so you can publish this video in spanish too.  Kind Regards
Thanks for mentioning the Nebula content again. I paid the yearly sub through your link about a month ago, but found it a bit hard to find relevant creators. It’s still a massive value, but I’m currently watching the airport disaster video. It’s well done, and will give me some options more to my personal prefs. Thanks for all you do Grady, I’ve enjoyed hours of your content. 👍😎
I recall, when this gwan in my area. Dread..I am a propane, user.
*WHY ON EARTH WOULD NATURAL GAS LINES NOT NEED TO BE ENGINEERED BY A PROFESSIONAL ENGINEER?? WHAT MIND-FLAYING, INCREDULITY-DECIMATING EXPLANATION COULD THERE BE THAT THIS IS A THING???*
I keep having trouble with a concept at 5:58 and I'm hoping someone can help me. Grady says that the monitor regulator is set a bit higher than the worker to kick in if the worker failed. What I'm imagining is the worker, directly downstream from the monitor, failing and allowing unobstructed flow, _lowering_ the pressure in the high pressure portion, and that the monitor would detect that and kick in, but I'm having trouble squaring that picture (if it's even correct) with the verbiage "set a bit higher"; I just can't get my head around what it means in this context. I think probably most, if not all, of the problem is that I didn't quite understand the specifics of how a pilot regulator works from Grady's diagram (the generality of which was perfectly appropriate for the video; there are just some incorrigible questioners like me). I said I "keep" having a problem understanding because as soon I saw the pilot regulator diagram, some deep part of my head had flashbacks of frustration from the last time I watched this haha. I don't know what parts move, or where or how they move, or in response to what, or what moves them, or what the pressure is doing at any given point and time in the system. I was going to google it after this video. But then I realized I have a large resource right here: the comment section of an educational Youtube video! Especially one with as passionate a crowd as the civil engineering community! So the tl;dr is, can anybody clarify how a monitor regulator works when placed upstream of, and set higher than, the worker regulator?
Why don't they add relief valves in the system that would vent high into the atmosphere and dilute quickly.
Typical US lack of Primary Protective devices fitted to AGI’s, if there was a slam shut fitted this would never of happened!
I live in massachusetts and im a volunteer firemen, almost everyone I knew was watching this and or gearing up incase they go, it was a huge response effort.
I'm surprised that when they rebuilt everything, they did not go to a high-pressure system, with regulators at each meter, (If you call 60 psi "high" -- I worked in the products pipeline arena where "high" was 2500+psi,...)   There are conversions in my area to same to allow more CFM in the same size lines. But one advantage is a catastrophic regulator failure will take out that one house, period.
Good jub, interesting video.  My first job out of engineering school was a local gas company and I worked at most of the different jobs with that company.  I ultimately opened my own consulting engineering company and worked at it for 52 years designing the electrical and mechanical systems for commercial and municipal buildings.  During the work at the gas company I spent a lot of time at the regulator stations for several towns in the Black Hills of South Dakota.  Thanks for the good description.  Also, remember there are no hot water heaters.  If you had hot water you wouldn't need a heater.  We call it a (wait for it. . .) WATER HEATER.   PN
Fun (for me) fact:  One of my (great-something) grandfathers invented the diaphragm regulator valve still in use for stepping down gas pressure (and in SCUBA gear, among other places).  His name was John Connelly.  He worked for a gas company.
I have tried to like Nebula, but the interface is so hard to navigate. For example, I have watched all your YouTube videos, so I want to only watch the ones I have not watched on Nebula. It's impossible to indicate that I have already watched a video without watching it again on Nebula. Also, when I'm watching a video from your library, the video viewer does not have a "back" button, so I can't go back to the exact place I was in your library to watch the next video. The only choice I have is to go back to my library, search for your site then once again scroll through your videos to find where I left off. If Nebula really wants to give YouTube a run for its money, it better work on the user interface FAST.
Hahaha, Americans can't engineer anything anymore!
WOW,hard to believe they still had cast iron.🤔
The system should have already been replaced.
Jersey Shore,we haven't had low pressure in 40yrs.& Most steel has been replaced with plastic except for transmission lines.
I worked on manufactured & natural gas for twenty five years.I ran many a bye pass.I saw this once not regulating the pressure.
I'm very curious how the process of cutting into an active line to install the bypass works.
You really need to correct your commentary about the cause of the Tenerife disaster. The Pan Am 747 had clearance to be on the runway. It was the KLM 747 that took off toward the Pan Am plane without clearance that caused the disaster. You should edit and clarify this.
I was glad to find my street was not hooked up to natural gas. Some people still whine about wanting a gas stove, but I keep trying to talk them out of it. I'm afraid if they get some minimum number of people to request it, the gas company will have the right to put a line in. I think the homeowners are stuck paying for the pipe from the main into their home, so I guess the cost stops them from pressing the issue.
We had one a few years earlier in San Bruno, Ca.
I'd love to hear your take on the 2001 natural gas explosions in Hutchinson, KS. I learned a bit about it when I did a tour of the salt mines, and know two people died, a couple businesses were destroyed and multiple geyser-like spouts of water/gas appeared across town due to brine wells (or something), but not a lot was discussed. Great video.
and ill be converting my house to full electric.
Having a gas line pumped to Joe Schmoe 's house is similar to handing  grenades to chimps; HORROR -ity Ensues!  Ain't it easier to send the gas to a power station's turbines, and send the energy via CABLES instead?  Besides, Methane gas is better used for fertilizer & plastic & in general as feedstock for the chemical industry!  NOT to warm Joe's toes in winter!
Im positive that someone was trying to prevent these things but nobody would listen to them.
I lived in Andover mass at the time and we could see the smoke from fires from our street, luckily nobody on our street was affected. Definitely a scary day
LP gas or propane pressure to a gas fired unit residential is 11".  Gas pressure to the house for natural gas is 3.5".
My meter has been outside since 1952
Honestly never thought about the gas network. Thx for sharing.
When I hear of something like this I remember that "burdensome" government regulations are actually protections from the innocently ignorant, the very lazy, and very greedy.   (fyi- I'd watch a video about staircases, and the rules of building them).
“Worst natural gas disasters in American history.” PG&E: hold my pipelines I’m going in 👹
This was very very scary. I was in merrimack valley and I was just thinking the whole night that it could be my last.
Up next, the explosion in fort worth this month
Couldn’t have happened to a better city
Jesus I forgot all about this , this is Lawrence right . This almost shut down all the fentanyl dealers for 24 hrs . Almost .
What I love about your channel is the total absence of clickbait garbage. And I have never seen the word "insane" in one of your video titles. I wish I had more upvotes to give you, and more downvotes for anyone using the word "insane" to describe engineering.
@6:00 - I think you have swapped the worker and monitor.  the worker should be "ahead of" / "upstream" of the monitor, but your diagram has the monitor connected to the high pressure and worker connected to the low pressure.
When I was in trucking school (NETTTS) the crews staged in front of our classroom building, I recall getting sent completely around town to get to school while many places were closed during repairs
GREAT story…sad set of circumstances
I get the sense line idea, but it's like 5 year old stuff that you just add an over pressure shut down valve as part of the reg if they're that critical.  Here in Australia we use high pressure and regs at the house, big problem with that is that if you're in a excavator and you hit the line it's a big problem. But if there's a leak it will make it's self knowen fast with high pressure. Thanks. Shane.
I feel terrible for the workers who did their job exactly as instructed and yet triggered this event. It was absolutely not their fault, yet I don't know how they could stop themselves from feeling guilty.
This is pretty scary. I think our homes in Ontario Canada have regulators as part of the gas meters, but I doubt they could handle a 150x overpressure.
How on Earth could any work have been started without the design engineers knowing exactly where the sensing lines tied in to the original main?
Love your content Grady, Wouldn't a simple PRV on the low side, with a high discharge stack, near the regulators have prevented this?
Low Pressure main Replacement jobs have been going on for years as companies replace CI and Wrought-iron/Bare Steel mains. Engineering and communication and safety are critical in each phase. Strict procedures are in place but unfortunately human error still exist as regulators do there job regardless of upstream/downstream pipeline issues caused by lack of communication. LP gas is no joke.
A little late to the party, but I remember that day when it happened. I was a junior in high school when it happened. I was coming home from a soccer game, I was a manager, with the Haverhill high soccer team when I remember me and my teammate looked outside to seeing smoke while sitting in traffic, not realizing what was going on. I didn't find out what happened until I got home and saw what was unfolding the next town over. I was worried because I wasn't sure if my town would've been impacted. Days after, I remember going around Lawrence and seeing some buildings destroyed. If I remember correctly, one building, that caught fire, was still abandoned and boarded up to this day.
The real question is did the utility company properly compensate the victims and pay to rebuild their houses ?
very professional channel
Surprise total incompetence.
Serious bill for gas company and probably a bankrupcy
Tell me someone - even just one - person lost their jobs over this?
This was a really good, concise explanation of what happened and especially why it happened. Thanks!
I can't imagine what it must have been like for first responders on that day... so many emergencies at once with no initial explanation...
Second time watching your video. Thanks.     I learned from engineers to keep a logbook. Made my life as a chemist a lot easier.
“Leaving residents without stoves, hot water and heaters…” RIP New York. Thanks, politics.
Gas is too dangerous to use in a residential area. It should be confined to Industrial use only with a 2-mile buffer zone around it.
I guess oops doesn't quite cover it.
Yeah, I called this one around 7:30; “They were supposed to move the regulator to the new line as well, weren’t they?”
This just happened to a father and son! Killed while at home their house exploded from underground mines holding natural gass
Lawrence looked better during the  project.  They got their roads/driveways repaved by Colombia gas.   So many delinquent payments and all the meters being in the basement maid it a nightmare. Now they moved every meter outside and if the service needs to be shut off they have the ability to isolate each separate account.
Colombia gas is all gone
Thank you for this video. My husband worked on the aftermath to fix it. He was gone for a month. There were guys slept on a cruise ship during the day and worked at night. So any way thanks now i understand the situation more now.
Perhaps the most dangerous hot work on pressurized (NOT voided!) fuel gas containers is "hot tapping" a burning railroad tank car to remove sufficient product to then safely extinguish the fire. That would make a very interesting video! It requires a highly skilled pipe/pressure vessel welder in a fire suit with Boots and Coots-tier courage.
11:00 is the house where the 18 year old was killed. Pretty sure if memory serves. House exploded, he was sitting in the driveway in the SUV in the driveway. Something big and heavy fell on the car. I can't remember if it was a whole chimney came off the house or like a brick facade on that side of the house. I'm a firefighter in Boston. Was a wild day. I remember being shocked and annoyed none of the major news outlets didn't pick it up nationally. Luckily there weren't more deaths.
We experienced this event. We went 72 days without gas. Meaning no heat or heat water.
I can't believe each house doesn't have its own regulator.. I figured that was normal everywhere.. I live in Ohio, so maybe that's just here...?
I lived 40 minutes away and I never heard about this, how in the world?
New London was the worst and pray nothing ever comes close.
My area had high pressure lines going into homes with meters in the basement. There is gas explosions all the time. They are now making everyone move there meters and regulators outside.
This happened to a house a block away from me the weekend of 4th of July. I was sitting in my bed in my room and all of a sudden felt the wall immediately behind my headboard shake fiercely. The shockwave could literally be felt as if it was running through your body. Thankfully, the family was on vacation at the time and had brought their pets along as well, so no one was injured. However, the explosion completely destroyed the house and damaged several houses on the block, including knocking the neighbor's house off of its foundation. Over 3 months later, and the street is still closed and the cause of the leak is being investigated.
I work in the natural gas construction industry in NY, after this incident, so much changed. many may not realize but working with low pressure gas is so much more dangerous than working high pressure, much of the low pressure systems in our areas are slowly being phased out due to much of it being old cast iron....
It's wild to me that I didn't hear about this event before this video. I was living in Hawaii at the time, but I watched the news every night and all the stations have long segments on what's going on over on the mainland.
I remember seeing this all over the news (although, i live in Massachusetts, so itd be weird if it wasn't all over the news 😂)
@2:20 I was just at this Southwestern, PA gas plant last week!
My guess is the insurance company would pay them SO much money, they just couln't resist.
great  information!
So, basicly, I would have to install a pressure safety valve on the input of my home's gas system ... Should'nt that be made a requirement ... ?!
Corporations are people. Until they hurt people. Then none of the actual people involved in the hurting are held responsible.
Is it possible that a wave of diversity hiring by the engineering company may have been at fault?  If so, how do we prevent diversity hiring and equity inclusion?
Do a video about all the houses exploding due to ancient old gas veins in Penn. State.
Only in America. The US has shameful history, oversight and safety of gas.
Inspired by this vid, I read the Wikipedia article, and am amazed that all the fires were out by 6:45 pm. That’s barely 2.5 hours after they started.  Amazing.
They will just pass the debt to the customers! Gas bill will go up and they will continue business as normal!
I came up with the absolute safest home gas set up. Electric ⚡️ only.
One of many reasons I will NEVER have gas heat or appliances.
L
That sounds EXTREMELY dangerous to cut pipe that has natural gas trying to get by your work area
Glad I don't have natural gas
Very interesting. I also wonder how decisions are made as to shutting off a whole area or working on live lines. Although that probably wouldn't have made a difference here unless someone was actively monitoring downstream pressures.
Im sorry, idk how he didnt crack up saying "but its a bad idea for the walls of homes and businesses to contain pipes full of high pressure explosive gas." I lost it 😂
A while back I think PGE tied a gas line into water lines.  Not sure when.  They had to get a special fitting to make the connection.  That gave them no clue
I wish you would consider making a video about the natural gas explosion that occurred in New London, Texas in the 1930's at a school where hundreds died.
I vividly remember that day. There was a lot of confusion at first as to just what was happening. It’s astounding that only one person was killed.
Every year I get documents from the gas company that has 4 massive 4 foot diameter pipes in my front yard. I live in what they lovingly refer to as the " Incineration Zone" I the event of failure of the pipe I won't feel the blast and will instantly be incinerated. I try not to think about it.
What is amazing is how these explosions get buried Even when entire cities are leveled it is barely on the local news and never on national news. I saw 3 events and none of them were on the news  It says a lot about how much power the oil and gas industry has.
Lowell. you forgot lowell. I was living in lowell when this happened. The entire lowell FD was in lawrence. In MA every EMS works on mutual aid agreements. My town has an agreement with 4 towns and a city that if a crisis happens that they will respond.
My natural gas pressure is 9" water column! Does anyone know why the [or any] homes regulators couldn't regulate or handle a mass overpressure?
Was a Gas foreman for one of the largest companies in the northeast. Typical useable home pressure for Natural Gas is less than 12 Inches WC. You're looking at more towards 7.5-9.5 inches WC then knocked down further by the appliance regulators. 12 is too much unless there is higher demand (and a low pressure main/service system that has issues with demand, in which case a new HP system is more feasible and safer to just install fresh to replace the outdated system). Most service regulators are set at around 8-9 depending on the volume draw (see previous). Just wanted to throw that out there. I won't get into systems that have High Pressure Cast Iron and why that is as dangerous as can be....  Now as for a major job like this in a continuing upgrade project, they should have had station crews monitoring at the regulating station to ensure the pressures didn't overload like this. Been there, done that and know that the human monitoring at the station is a third failsafe that works.
Why the f didn't those lines going into each house have a simple valve which would just burst open when it sensed overpressure. It would vent the tiny amount of gas in the lines of the house beyond it, and seal everything before it.
Terrifying. Americans hate paying taxes in a country where you only get what you pay for. This is what you get! Firedepartments that can handle emergencies and infrastructure that is older than any living man.
NTSB? Why would the national transportation safety board be tasked with investigating this accident?
It is so much fun watching you break the engineering explanation down into digestible nuggets. You do a great job Grady!
This is why there shouldn't be regulation exemptions. They save money, but they kill and hurt people.
This is scary.
Gas industry:  "REGULATORS! mount up..."  😂😂😂😂😂  My momma says i could be a comedian. Ill be leaving yall now, i gotta go say and do some punny stuff elsewhere  😅
7:30 assuming the line was active at all times 1. How did they get the balloons in? 2. How did they drill the holes for the diversion?
wild. that one sentence omitting the sensing lines in the procedure saved the contractor company and pinned it all on columbia gas engineers. said company, tapped wildly into the luck of the irish.
Years ago I worked as a maintenance technician in a factory that had an internship program for engineering students. One student was assigned to do some rather menial jobs for the maintenance department. I was in the shop and this student (last year mechanical engineering student) walks in and tells the supervisor he found the water hose, but couldn't figure out where to turn it on. My boss looked at him like he was an alien and responds "follow the hose". The punch line: This student's family ran a gas line installation company in Atlanta where he was going to practice his trade... I'm glad I don't live in Atlanta!
In my area some years ago,  a couple gas line workers were killed when a broken main was ignited.  I worked for a water system and when we got close to pipes while excavating the backhoe was stopped and all digging continued by hand so as not to cause damage.  The gas line maintenance crew I'm sure have the same rule, which is the cause of this incident.  If you've ever walked along a rocky beach on a dark knight you'll know that rocks with quartz or pyrite will spark with every step. Digging in gravelly soil does the same, although nobody realizes this. You'll never know this as long as you live if you only dig in the daytime. To this day I don't know if policy has changed,  but if those men hadn't been in the trench with their shovels they wouldn't have been burned.
I'm surprised the engineers didn't account for this.  I don't know how these regulators were designed, except I'm guessing the pilot regulators were on the old main while the main regulators were on the new main. Even your diagram shows the pilot regulators to have the upper chambers to be vented to atmosphere, the normal configuration for gas regulators. This puts the standard reference as the atmosphere,  against which the gas is pushing, so this makes sense entirely, just as in scuba gear, the opposing pressure is the surrounding fluid pressure which is what has to be accounted for. If the reference was only back to the the gas main, there could be no reference to balance against.
Colombia gas sucks
Was in Boston at the time and heard it on the news. Was terrifying. The pictures of the mass evacuation. Can't imagine what it was like there
Not only did it demonstrate how flawed fossil fuels and pipelines are, but also the importance of planning, proofreading, and extensive testing before it's ever put in place.  Just as one letter mistyped can greatly change the meaning of a message, faulty components and firmware can result in a PC or console frying itself, as we've seen already with lithium batteries.
I was up there that day making deliveries and you couldn't get off the highway. I had to call in & cancel all my deliverys
I always loved How It’s Made, end after seeing just about all of it, and seeing dozens of shows like it, I can’t help but want to see the engineering behind it all.   I know how soda is canned, but how is the canning machine made?
Fun fact:  at least in some areas in the US, utilities don’t have to meet building codes.  Local or national.  Most still choose to though.  I’ve worked in power plants where I was concerned about deviations from NEC requirements and was reminded that the utility was exempt and they did not apply.  Others accepted my recommendations.
So many safety rules and regulations are written in blood sadly
Its totally different for nz, we deliver gas tanks to the places that use them
So the big question is, did columbia get SUED for the $1 BILLION in estimated damage and payout, or did they do the usual American business thing of filing for bankruptcy protection, re-organize as a "new" company and leave everyone holding the bag like W.R. Grace Co did with their asbestos mine and vermiculite attic insulation?
The Peter principal in action - what could possibly go wrong…?
So you want to mandate an engineering stamp of approval on future jobs when it was the lack of engineering competence that was the cause of this catastrophe.  What could go wrong with that idea?
I'll be honest I'd have expected op valves all over the lines. I wouldn't have thought this could happen.
This happened in Chicago years ago on a small scale when a low pressure regulator failed due to human error. It affected only a small number of homes.  I think it also happened once in Gary Indiana.  Some appliances, like gas stoves, also include a regulator for backup.
All of those dots on the map was pretty eye-popping!
Let remember that pipe union was on strike  and they used non union workers
I was in this. It was horrible. Horrible horrible. Months out of home.
so glad that we in norway dont juse gas like usa have
The Pan Am 747 did have permission to be on the runway, as it was the only way the planes could get to the other end of the runway.      It was the KLM 747 who took off without clearance.
I was driving down route 495 through the area as this was happening. It was a genuinely terrifying and surreal experience.
This video auto-played after another one. I went to change vids, then just before I clicked away I heard Grady and was like "ohmagawsh abort!!"
Live across the border in New Hampshire and I remember that day like it was yesterday. Ironically, here in New England...we rely on Russia to provide us the majority of NG. The Jones Act blocks any domestic supply coming by ship and New York blocks any NG pipelines running through their state...into New England.
That was an excellent video!  I immediately understood what you were describing, but your analogies ("it's like putting your thermostat in the freezer!") were outstanding.  You made it crystal clear for everyone watching, regardless of background.  "That's how you do it."
geez, no over pressure relief solution protecting the low pressure system??
Just because someone has a PE stamp means they know what they are doing. I redesigned a digester panel for a waste water plant retrofit. These drawing had a PE stamp on them. So I open up the existing drawings and I could not believe what I saw. Every neutral and ground was fused. Even at the main disconnect. FUSES are you kidding me! Lucky no one got killed. I do not have a PE stamp, I don't even have a college degree and know better than put fuses in a neutral wire. A degree may make you more educated but it doesn't make you more intelligent. Anyone can be more educated.
I was one of the transportation engineers developing traffic management plans and working with the town and state while crews replaced the lines. I worked many 100 hour weeks to push through trench permits and TMPs te get closures approved. Scary and awful times. People really came together. It was incredible to see.
you have absolutely the most interesting channel. I hate these catastrophes but I very much so enjoy listening to your breakdown of them!
i bet they got sued their pants off....id sue like hell
My neighborhood in Gilbert AZ doesn't use natural gas. I don't miss paying $40/month just to have gas delivered through the pipe.
How did this dude get so smart?
I work in Massachusetts installing underground gas main for one of the largest utility companies in New England. I still hear different stories about what really happened,as I started working in this industry a couple years after this happened. To work on site you need to have operater qualifications, depending on the company you work for could be 50+. You need to pass either a hands on or written test for each one and renew them every 1-3 years. Engineers, supervisors and DPU are constantly coming by the job site to hopefully avoid something like this ever happening again. I’m happy I came across this video, this definitely answered a lot of questions I had. This is very dangerous but rewarding work and I’m grateful I am part of building americas infrastructure. Love your content ❤
So all the regulates along the way including on homes, boilers and appliances failed as well? I am not buying it...but thank you for your fine presentation.
The "thermostat in the freezer" analogy is elegantly simple.
How do I get the city I live in, to remove their gas meter from the inside of my basement to the outside where it belongs?
Why don't they consider PSV's?
What a colossal mistake. It's unimaginable they wouldn't have a PE sign off on plans.
This is how I got hurt welding pipeline, I was welding a hot pipe full of natural gas and they didn’t protect me correctly. I love your videos Grady !!
In the mid 90's, a freeway entering Buenos Aires from the north was being widened, bridges replaced, a huge construction work. One day a backhoe broke a natural gas main pipe. I worked about 3 km from there. Before knowing what was happening, we only heard a noise like a plane jet engine at full rev, as you would if you were at the edge of an airfield. I went out of the building and saw a plume of dust in the distance - later they said it was about 30 m high. Soon after, someone heard on the radio what had happened. The police evacuated the neighborhood, and it was a couple of hours until the gas company could shut down the pipe. Luckily it didn't ignite.
It took you 16 minutes to explain another government failure. Another government failure that cost lives and property. Government is professional at this kind of stuff. It's not an accident, it's incompetence as always.
I tell all the overnight masters of everything to check out your channel so they might actually have a clue as to what it is they so desperately try to "educate" others about. Thanks Grady
I love your explanation videos on disasters! Thanks you for providing education to those for a love of civil engineering and construction.
the CGM. should be reduced to , minimum wage...
Yeah this year same thing happened in my home town once again. Amazing!
How did the pressure regulators at the homes and inside the appliances not reduce the high pressure though?
What is your view on hydrogen fueled cars? To me driving tanks of 10,000psi hydrogen around at 70mph is pure insanity.
As a retired industrial mechanical engineering fitter from England, whenever I had any contract involving any pipework above small bore domestic, I always carried out my own surveys and produced detailed drawings of proposed installations or alterations to existing systems. There would then be a meeting with other competent staff to discuss approaches and check details and procedures. This did not include invites to none competent management I.E. those not holding the current relevant certificates of competence.
After enjoying gas in Texas for 40 years I was relocated to eastern Pennsylvania.  There was no natural gas there.  Fuel oil, delivered by truck, was their preferred (only) heat source with electricity used for cooking.  When I enquired about the complete lack of natural gas in the region a local city official informed me they had determined after decades of deadly explosions, gas was extremely dangerous, and had abandoned the entire pipeline infrastructure in the '50s.  At the time I assumed the Standard Oil Co had made it rain (bribes) 70 years ago, haha.  But it begs the question: is a 100 year old tank with 300 gallons of diesel oil in 10 million basements safer?  Though isolated, that system relies on the homeowner/landlord maintaining his own equipment.
lol
"Natural" gas kills again. Renewable, cheaper electric, anyone?
ONEOK natural dangerous hazardous gas pipelines are responsible for earthquakes. They need to take responsibility of their pipe bombs and earthquakes. There's no accountability for these dangers gas pipelines here in Oklahoma. All government officials have been sold out. Oneok natural dangerous gas pipelines have got to stand up and take responsibility of their dangerous product.
I grew up in andover a few blocks from these explosions!
For your info, I am in Ontario Canada, and our domestic pressure is 7 inch water column. many houses and commercial buildings have a relief valve that will vent raw gas into the atmosphere if the regulator diaphragm  rupture. The cause of this disaster was a mistake, and a PE stamp would not have prevented it, maybe it will add names of those responsible to the court appearance. A PE stamp is often little use. One example, all new airplanes have a certain amount of bugs to be ironed out, some potentially fatal, and airplane makers have more engineers than just about anyone else.
The problem with engineers who never show up on site.
1:04  as  mr. Sheldon from CSB would likely  say -  Highly flammable gas found an undetermined ignition source and  exploded. 😅🙏🏻.
Great video! One question: how far do the pressure regulator valves open and close? Is it only 100 % open or 11% closed (bang-bang contrioller), or do the valves partially open and close?
I was scared to go in my home i just thought it was gonna randomly explode 🤯 i like in south lawrence :/
In other words PAY ATTENTION TO THE DETAILS!. In any safety sensitive occupation, you never start the job until you check what the guys before you did. Your betting your job and human lives not only on your own work, but Theirs also. I have been involved in safety sensitive work all my life, and I never trust previous work until i've checked it myself. Lost a couple of good jobs from that since I wouldn't start the work until I had checked and the management just wanted me to keep the unrealistic schedule they had created without regard for safety. this was probably the case here too.
Fun little bragging point for me:  my great-great grandfather invented those regulator valves in the late 1800s.  I believe he worked for a gas company.  John S. Connelly.
We just moved away from this area when that happened.   We werent that terribly far and had natural gas but our provider was different.  This was so scary
Love this video, and all your other videos. Learned a lot from you! Thanks and god bless
Future Egoligas Case Study....#JoburgExplosion
Don't always hang your hat on a PE license. I was a new project manager on a company building project (tall warehouse) and my roofers told me there was something wrong with the building. The steel had been erected and the roof was being installed but the siding was defective and we awaited a second shipment. Seems the structural steel design had no "sway bracing" which is typically a massive "X" installed in different forms on all 4 sides. The architect was told to contact the structural steel PE and explain what was to prevent the building from "swaying" in a wind from any direction.  No satisfactory answer or explanation so we terminated the design services after taking the plans to another firm we used in another state but had certification in the state the building was in. The X bracing was installed on a "fast track" schedule to beat the siding installation.  The building has not fallen down even during coastal hurricanes.
On June 3rd, 1968, a 36" Texas Eastern gas line ruptured near Plainfield, Ohio, very near my Grandparents' home. Heavy rains had caused the fill to slip and totally separate the line. The gas was odorless, and people in the valley began to feel ill,  and vehicles would not start. The story goes that the neighbors set off the explosion by trying to start the Valiant, and the ignition sparked. My grandmother ran to the window in time to see 100ft high wall of fire filling the entire valley retreating back. Within 200 yards of their farm. Some of their neighbors died, some were horribly burned for life, and the valley looked like it had been napalmed. Everything down the road was lost. I never knew how it was resolved. Ironically, one of the boys who survived unharmed has owned my Grandparents' little farm for years.
Propane blows out the walls, natural gas blows off the roof. Boyles Law.
The way you pronounce Winthrop is priceless.
"Located just north of Baaahston"
I guarantee you no engineer thought about that pilot. I’m actually a superintendent of a natural gas distribution. I do this work every single day. And it’s simply not true that the state doesn’t know because every single project Hass to be approved by pipeline safety from the state. and pipeline safety has to approve every single material every single step and procedure. It’s a big ordeal to get a project going now I will admit once it’s been approved. Every single worker Hass to be trained in that procedure if you’re not you’re not allowed to touch it.
What a mess
I work as a gas leak survey tech like those guys with the wands at 13:40 , so far I haven't come across a situation like this. But I sure do find a lot of leaks. I do know the energy company here, R&GE are typically slow to respond to reports. I do my due diligence tho. Also, as a kid back in 1998 I do remember this huge explosion on my street. The fire was insane, there was debris everywhere. It sent a shock wave people heard and felt several blocks away, completely destroyed a house and partially another house that was next to it. The blast damaged other nearby homes including a friends house that was directly across from it, and two people died.
These was a cool video. I find animated breakdowns have huge catastrophes really insightful and interesting to watch
Hey I recognize that campus in the opening shot!! 👀😄
Winthrop is pronounced Winthrup.
I'm not sure this was in your video and I just missed it but why didn't the pressure regulators at each house stopped this from happening? Awesome video!
Thank you for work! It is very intresting!
Oh come on .. the fact that carbon fibre pressure hull was the WRONG engineering solution for a compression member.
Gas lines didn't require a PE stamp!? Holy cow
I wonder how many guys on the job brought this up beforehand?
dang I wouldn't like to be the guy who made this
Why was metal replaced with plastic?
I was hoping to hear a quick rundown of how all those individual home fires occurred. I presume appliances have some built in safety regulators (ie, your stove wouldn't suddenly resemble a rocket launch). But once you effectively have a "main breach" it also seems like you wouldn't have enough pressure to rupture so many individual residential pipes. But that leads back to thinking it was high pressure through appliances, and manufacturers don't worry b/c they rely on gas company safety. If so... Holy ****! Either way, looks like it's browser time. Great video.
Can you do a follow up video about how the fire hydrant system reacted to the use of so many hydrants to fight all those fires?
I work in Oil. That afternoon we got a bunch of calls from people freaking out on needing heat, and we're an hour away
regulations and properly educated,trained ,certified , licenced and updated regulations are only as good as those who adhear to them."THAT'S WHAT I'M SAY'EN.... THANK YOU MR. PRACTICAL ENGINEERING
The thing that gets me, as a former US Navy "Propulsion and Auxiliary Engineer", is that (although the diagram didn't show it) there would be a valve on the old. pipe where the cut was so that they could seal the pipe off before cutting it, otherwise all the gas would have vented out into the air .vs. going to the Bypass.  Why in the Hell didn't they start Throttling Down that Valve when they saw the pressure jump???
I cant build a toolshed on my property without permits and at some point, an engineer being involved, but in the regulations-heavy state of mass a company can do large scale work on high pressure explosive gas line infrastructure in the middle of a city without consulting an engineer?   "Welcome to the screwed up world of your local government." -Ron Swanson
It made me do a double take that the NTSB did the investigation.  I guess I didn't know the width of their responsibility.
I'm a Mass resident who lives south of Boston. I also have relatives who lived up that way who, fortunately, were not directly affected with this. In the years that have passed, the gas company has come into my house to check my pipes & meter. And just recently, the gas main and lines to all the houses on my street have been replaced. I'm still a little nervous having gas into my house but the expense of converting all my appliances and my heating system to electric is almost what my house is worth.
I lived about a half hour north of where this happened in 2018. Watching this video and learning that each customer did not have their own regulator baffles my mind. I lived most of my life in Florida (and I'm back in Florida now). Here, we have high pressure systems where the line to each house is pressurized at 75psi and there is a regulator immediately before each gas meter.  I know this because one day, while he was marking the lines in my yard ahead of a construction project, I asked the technician how much pressure is in the line under my lawn.  You can see the regulator inline before the meter.  In all the years, I only had one problem with my gas service. I could smell gas near the regulator (located outside the house). I called the gas company and they came right out and replaced it.
No pressure relief valves on the system?
As someone who has spent 20+ years designing natural gas facilities the requirement of a PE signature isn't going to help much on small details like this.  The PE programs dont test for natural gas situations.  And you can any engineering displine sign the design.  Civil, mechanical, electrical,  even environmental can all sign drawings for the same result.  Then there is the problem with the natural gas industry as a hole.  Where they use mostly 3rd party contractors for all of the designs,  and the company engineers are glorified secateries that sign requisitions that some minimum wage draftsman of a 3rd party contractor filled out.  The sad part of it is,  those engineers don't care to do anything else.
September 13, 2018
I'm so glad that when something like this needs to be done in my country, the gas provider announces a maintenance day (days) in advance and completely shuts off the whole gas system (of one city for example) and then do what needs to be done. I rather survive a day or two without gas than literally have my house blown up. Edit: also our gas lines are NOT underground, so no abandoned line gets forgotten
being a plumber and gas fitter from Massachusetts this video hits different. My company was out there replacing all gas piping and appliances in every home / building affected !!!
No one paid a personal fine?
I am from the San Francisco area of California and this story reminded me of the natural gas pipeline explosion we had here about a decade ago. Poor quality control when installing the high pressure pipeline when it was constructed in the 50s through a residential neighborhood and negligent record keeping and inspections lead to the problem.
Hi, I hope you don't mind if I ask  somewhat off-topic question. I was watching this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFhkzK7jkKg&t=999s and noticed that a punctured tank spilled hot asphalt out in such a way that it didn't collect within the containment berm. I am wondering if there are rules regarding how tall they need to be, how far they need to be from the container, and what materials they can be made of. Might be a good episode idea for you, unless you have already covered it.
Gas is so scary!
Americans will use anything but the metric system 💀 water column displacement???
I didn't know about the other's you just spoke to in this video, and I will look into Nibble if I spelled it, right? And being dumb white and 76 years young, I know I'm on my own!  Thanks for some very interesting articles & videos!
I've always wondered why this story isn't covered more in YouTube videos, I watch a lot of these kind of videos about natural and man-made disaters and construction and industrial accidents (there are MANY channels that cover these kind of topics) but I haven't seen anyone else cover this, this was a pretty BIG disaster that caused A LOT of serious damage, I live in "Pioneer Valley" MA about an hour west from where this happened and I actually worked on a couple of the damaged buildings after replacing windows and vinyl siding,  looking at the amount and the severity of the damage its REALLY incredible that more people were not injured
👍Thanks for this one. I grew up in the neighborhood where the first house you see destroyed and later on fire in this video was. Actually the next street over.  Rode my bike by that house many times. I live in the next town over now. I could see the smoke plumes around the valley the day it was all happening. This is the first real explanation of what actually happened that I have seen. The graphics definitely help.  FYI Winthrop is pronounced locally as 'winthrup".
The main cause of the failure was due to poor Engineering management, engineering execution, lack of coordination between Engineering, Construction and M&R departments. The M&R department is responsible for the district regulator stations. They must be involved in any work done within 50-100 feet of a regulator station. This was not the case at Columbia gas the M&R department was not involved in the new main installation at the district regulator. There was also a problem with drawings for the regulator station the locations of the sense lines were not included on PID drawings so Engineering did not consider this when they were connecting new main to the low pressure system. The M&R department should also be involved whenever new main is installed to a regulator station.  Besides the requirement for a PE stamp on engineering drawings the state of MASS implemented some additional controls to low pressure regulator stations. This included adding a fail safe shut off valve upstream of the monitor regulator. The shut off valve has a dual acting pilot that will close the regulator when the downstream pressure goes above 16 inches or drops below 6 inches. This is what happened at the regulator station in Lawrence because the sense lines connected to the old cast iron main lost pressure which as you explained caused the worker regulator to go wide open introducing high pressure into the low pressure system. There is another potential common mode failure that you did not mention. The regulator uses the high pressure upstream to close the sleeve on the regulator in a normally open regulator. There are regulators that use the high pressure to compress a spring that opens the regulator valve. This is a normally closed regulator. The power gas for the regulators is generally tapped off the upstream high pressure pipe at the regulator but not always sometimes it comes from the high pressure main. If you lose the power gas then a normally open regulator will not close. If both the monitor and worker are normally open regulator that use higher pressure to close the regulator then they will both be open. The new design for low pressure regulator station uses a normally open worker and a normally closed monitor and a slam shut with a dual acting pilot. There is still a potential failure that while not catastrophic is equally dangerous if the regulator and/or slam shut closes on a single feed system. In this scenario the gas pressure drops and the customers equipment will shut off. When this happens all meters connected to the system need to be shut off individually before the system can be repressurized.  Depending on the number of customers this can take a few days to weeks. Interesting video on the subject but I thought I would share some additional information about the changes the state made after the disaster. The addition of the PE stamp on engineering drawings is a plus but the reengineering of the design of the regulator stations is more critical in preventing this from happening in the future. Older cities in the Northeast have thousands of these low pressure regulator stations and it will take a long time and a lot of money to upgrade them to a safer design. The idea of moving low pressure distribution systems to high pressure distribution systems is good but there are thousands if not millions of old low pressure pipes that would need to be installed that is also expensive and time consuming. Engineering is always a game of trade offs.
Wow! Awesome video! 👍
I work pipeline 30 years here alberta this was very shocking what happen near boston lot show up learn what happen there.thank you educate public about this
Very satisfied to have a heat pump and only electricty, no gas, no oil 😅
Thanks Grady!
REGULATORS!!!!!!
Clearly the independece of each of the States governments in the USA from the decisioms of the NTSB is THE PROBLEM. A chnage in the USA legal structure is in order.
Naturally (pun) I have no idea how the natural gas distribution system in my city is designed or maintained. That's just not something gas utilities share with customers. I do know I have a smart gas meter outside and there is a small regulator that is part of that installation. Does the presence of the regulator mean our system uses what Grady mentioned - a system using a higher pressure line to the house combined with a regulator to drop pressure to the required safe level?
Mass got gas techs from all over the east coast to help fix the damaged stuff and never went into nh. Lame
For more Massachusetts madness, I’d check out the Danversport Explosion & Chemical Fire in Danvers, MA, in 2006. I had lots of friends & family in the area cos one of my parents grew up there. Lots of damage but I don’t think any deaths.
thanks for the insight into this. Its concerning how in modern age such critical infrastructure was left with common mode failure.
I recall that it was the state that forced EverSource to come and take control over the supply lines from Columbia.
Oh I remember this! My mom is a teacher in Andover. I got super scared for her. Thankfully she was unharmed.
Ad for Nebula is so true.  Nebula and Youtube and its suite of fantastic creators have fully supplanted History and Discovery channel
Excellent info
sensing lines seems very odd but then i am an electrician.... all gas meters here have their own  regulators, and from my time in the USA so do yours? Was this an exception?
MAJOR oof
I'm not an engineer, but I have friends who are. I've always been impressed by the self-policing nature of the engineering profession. Simply put, good engineers do not like bad engineering and will do whatever they can to stop it. Knowing this, I have to wonder how something like this could happen.
I am a learning engineer… i would really appreciate more on structural engineering process… load and structural analysis… also road construction, drainages and survey… the basics… most young engineers like me need a learning base
Why not using PCV ( pressure control valve) to regulate the pressure and PRV (pressure relief valve) as a safety barrier for overpressure. Lack of design
Wait, why did the natural gas companies not have oversight in the first place? Why was there an exception? This seems so odd to me, You're literally working with explosives being piped into every single home and they're exempt from governmental oversight?
How many of those bureaucrats lost their jobs?
Another platform to subscribe to. All for the low low price of !!!! Lol
I was there that day, it was wild. Fire trucks and cops flying around from every direction and gridlock traffic all afternoon.
Thanks..... scary stuff natural gas....
You can make a video on the Odisha derailment that happened in India?
Amazing that these regulators had such a serious design flaw for so long before it caused a disaster. Control systems need to be designed to accommodate failure in their sense inputs -- never drive the output to full scale in that case. There should be a safety cap to the output pressure regardless of sense input. The Boeing 737-MAX disasters are another example of this kind of design mistake (plugged air flow sensor led to the MCAS control system setting the vertical stabilizer to FSD).
Check the Bremerton Washington gas explosion. They tried to blame it on a couple of kids. Very interesting to watch the gas on its way across the city
This is why MOC (management of change) is required in every accidental release program.
Electric>Gas
Interesting to see and hear Brady discussing a disaster that I actually lived through.
Can you turn an MRI into a Rail gun?
I thank you very much for making this video and shedding more light into this event. I was one of the affected in the Lawrence area, I used to live in the same neighborhood as where that one person died, just a couple blocks away. South Lawrence was basically a ghost town since everybody was evacuated and it just seemed surreal in the aftermath. People often don't realize how their lives can change in just a matter of seconds, living peacefully their entire lives and then boom, a catastrophic event like this happens or even worse. Its a complete shock once you experience it yourself.  Cheers to everybody and anybody that reads this✌🏼
Why would plastic pipes be safer or better than the cast iron for replacements?
This disaster is a symptom  of a larger systemic problem that stems from our corporate culture which deems shareholder value to be the only reason for corporate existence. This is a result of radical capitalism, also known as neoliberalism, also known as Reaganomics, a bipartisan project since 1981.
Gas companies were exempt.  "Deregulation" is another way of saying "let's relive past tragedies."
Great job man ! Now if you excuse me, i must check gas regulation laws in France... just to be sure
What a disaster. I have high respect for fire fighters, I can think of little that requires more bravery. The gas lines remind me of a rule in planes; redundancy. Always have a backup plan.
I know back in the mid-late 80's when I lived in Kansas, the local gas utility company was replacing the cast iron lines to the houses with poly lines.  They would simply insert a poly line inside the cast iron and then re-terminate the line into the main.  They used high pressure lines behind the houses up to the regulators at the house, as when they added a new saddle tee onto the main, was it loud with the pressure of the gas coming out.  They just worked fast to replace the saddle so that they could plug the hole and stop the venting of gas to the atmosphere.  Once the saddle was on they connected it to the new poly pipe and filled the excavated hole back with dirt and on to the next house.  Rinse and repeat for every house in the city!
What I find hard to understand in these stories is how the individuals actually responsible for the disaster are not automatically de-licensed, and i’m not talking about the work crews.  Someone signed off on the installation of the new plastic pipeline. Someone decided it was not necessary to redesign the pressure regulator system. Someone did not communicate the relevant details to everyone involved in commissioning of the new pipeline and decommissioning of the old. Poor team resource management, poor situational awareness. You can't rely on bits of paper when modifying highly dangerous technology or processes.  The person responsible for the bypass operation did not review the current state and design of the pipeline before and after the bypass: lack of situational awareness. They did not know where the pipeline was at when they started, and they had no idea how the pipeline was supposed to be upon completion.
Having a PE review these things in my view will only accomplish an increase in cost and time to implement.  A PE with a certification in pneumatic systems will help but the errors and omissions insurance would be unaffordable.  A completely new approach to the system such as going to higher line pressures with each house having it's own regulator to lower pressure would at least limit the problem to one residence if a regulator fails.  This requires starting over completely.  If instructions are not followed by field technicians who are human beings, no approach even if reviewed by a certified PE will prevent what happened here..
You are wrong about changing a low pressure to high pressure. You want a medium pressure system for distribution. High pressure systems for distribution are being phased out when possible. Hits, leaks, retirements and general maintenance is harder on high pressure. High pressure is best for transmission.
As an hvac tech in the Boston area I can honestly say this was the most stressful day of work I ever had. Our phones were ringing off the hook and every service tech where I worked pulled a 10+ hr day running calls
Fossil fuel is a a lie to make dummies believe oil and gas are not sustainable. Just think of oil as sap from a tree or plant and not from biomass.
I'm required to get a qualified engineer to sign off on installing solar panels, but these guys don't need one when hacking up a state wide explosive distribution system...
So they're doing work on live gas lines without doing their "homework". There is no excuse for this... none whatsoever!!! This event is the definition of incompetence!!!
This is actually where all my intestinal gas goes from my gut to you!
Could homeowners install an overpressure relief valve to dump the gas into atmosphere before it rips apart the lines and blows up the house? Obviously connected to a sensing alarm that immediately alerts the gas company...
Cost vs risk.
Why NTSB? This is more up the USCSB’s alley.
at 7:05 in the video, given information leads me to believe they did not switch over the sense/pilot lines
i live about half hour from where this happened.....massachusetts is ridiculous ...you need to be a licensed plumber to even change a toilet in  a commercial building but no professional engineer needed on site to do major gas line work....if this did not happen the law would have not been passed...
Also why give false information on the airport crash?   The plane didn’t enter the runway without authorisation. Both planes were given permission to taxi down the runway then do a 180 to take off. The plane at the rear was turning off before the end. However they were confused about where they should exit and the plane at the front took off without proper clearance from ATC.   No aircraft was on the runway without authorisation.   I use to like watching you but two bits off false information in a single video now makes me question all the videos I’ve seen related to you.   Sad 😞
NTSB??  Why is the national transportation safety board investigating this?   Really confused. Is NTSB short for something else other than national transportation safety board?
👍🏻
The design of low-pressure systems was unfortunately the largest factor in regards to the scale of this incident. Medium- and high-pressure systems that use individual customer regulation wouldn’t have experienced such catastrophe. Now, “slam shut” regulators are installed in low-pressure regulator stations across the Columbia Gas footprint. They are essentially excess flow valves, which will close off when the flow of gas reaches a set point that is deemed to be too high.
What's wrong with the sound?
Hi G, I like the way you pay respect to the loss of life and people who suffered by this disaster. You're a good man to say "Hey let's talk about this" and "we can learn" . We hope nobody will have to go through this again. You're a good engineer in that way.
Having a relief valve would have avoided this. I'm not a fan of monitor only stations but that's arm chair quarter backing.
At the time I lived in a neighboring town and the road i lived on was a road that barley saw any fire trucks or really any emergency service vehicles, we call this side of town the island of misfit toys. Just cause it was on the edge of town on a busy but not a main road in town but i just remember seeing 2 of our town engines, the ladder truck, and some staties hauling down my road. Ill never forget that day.
While your other videos discussing principles of engineering are great in their own right, I am such a big fan of accident/incident breakdown videos. USCSB's channel has some great content, and I follow a few other for aviation-focused incidents as well. Great job with this one.
Worked with SCBA air systems for years. What was missing was 2 things: 1. An automatic high pressure relief valve, that would have caught the over pressure. 2. A burst disk that would burst at a pressure above the relief valve… both common safety measures in high pressure systems. Neither are expensive or hard to come by. Would also be monitoring the pressures in all the lines to make sure it was right…..
Im starting to see a trend (well, not exactly "starting" rather it was pretty fkn obvious decades ago) when Grady does an infrastructure disaster analysis video; root cause of lives lost is deregulation aka "unleashing the creative potential of the free market". Enjoy your freedom America.
Looks to me like you need hi and lo pressure sensing equipment like we do at my workplace. One sytem is an alarm tied in via electronic circuits, to notify operations. The other is a manual spring calibrated unit that will trip on a set hi hi or lo lo pressure, complety on its own if set pressure has been achieved. When tripped a pipeline ESD ( emergency shut down device) stops flow of energy/product. This way you will never compromise pipe with hi pressure and if a rupture ever did take place (lo lo pressure) the upstream isolation valve will trip closed, isolating energy source. But clincher is, these devices have to be enabled or "live" in production stream. Unlike " sensing line", in this video.
The worse natural gas leak was in Texas. On March 18,1937 there was a natural gas leak at the New London in New London Texas, the explosion killed over 295 students and staff at the school. Within weeks of the disaster the Texas state legislature passed a law requiring that an odorant be add to natural gas so that leaks could be detected, the United States Congress and Senate passed the same law requiring odorant be add to natural gas nation wide.
It must have been really confusing for the first responders at first what was going on. Scary scenario. Tragic event.
I think the guy that dreamed up the Monitor-Worker design thought that it was genius.
I think using inches of water is pretty much the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard 😂
Something similar happened in Chicago Il. Someone walked away from the bypass line,made every home go to 25 psi and buildings started to explode. The ICC made the whole  state install OVER PRESSURE SLAM SHUT VALVES protecting the low pressure system. They should do away with ALL low pressure systems and make it medium pressure 10-60  psi where each building has its own service regulator with relief valve or a double pilot controlled with a working and monitor regulators at the service. The street main pressure  should be no more than 25psi in residential neighborhoods and no more than 60 psi in industrial areas. If they want to run say 160,250 psi high pressure then they need a farm tap  regulator but those are out by the road and are dangerous in my opinion because they can be EASILY ripped off by a vehicle leaving the roadway. I hope that the gas company got  to pay every penny of damage do to the fact they didnt have a SLAM SHUT device installed after the regulator stations to protect the low pressure system. Im very disappointed that  ALL states didnt TAKE NOTICE after the Chicago incident and get these devices installed, If they had this would have NEVER HAPPENED.      [This would be like driving an suv with  intermittent brakes. Eventually someones going to get hurt or killed when you need your brakes the most & they fail you because you didnt properly maintain them].
It's surprising there was no safety pressure valves to cut the gas flow in case pressure got so high
Does anyone know what the NTSB and not the Chemical Safety Board handled the investigation?
I wonder why NTSB has oversight over this - because it’s on street right of way?
Expect the unexpected if it can happen eventually it will. Law of averages it's all Math hombre.   Prime cut video perciate it interesting musings stay healthy safe travels 😘
Wow. What an interesting and thorough dive into this whole tragic unfortunate debacle.  Very nicely Done Grady - Thanks for this!
Devon “Legal Eagle” is a political hack and not an honest creator. I was sold on Nebula until you mentioned him.
I lived through this
Wow, great vid.  The accident schematic was a bit too simplified and convoluted, but served it's purpose.   The system should have had multiple rupture discs under the streets.  Not enough redundancy for all those customers.  One big fire is better than lots of big fires...
How do they replace the cast iron lines at the other end of the distribution lines? I get that they do the cross over from cast iron to plastic all at once upstream in the video. But how do they switch over all the cast iron lines that are connected to now be connected to plastic at the other end?   Several years ago my local gas company replaced all the cast iron lines in my neighborhood with plastic but yet I never lost service. Do they install plastic along side the cast iron so each service line is hooked to both cast iron and plastic? Then when they switch the distribution over to plastic they go around and turn off/disconnect all the lines going to the old cast iron?
Why is there not a pressure relief valve on the system.  At any change in Pipeline spec, there should be relief valves.
I can only imagine the trauma the community went through, not to mention the maintenance team whos actions tipped over the dominos that had been set off, unbeknownst to them. The guilt must be extreme
I dont understand one thing......isnt there regulators on the taps and the meters right by the house?......and if yes then wouldnt that have stopped over pressured gas from getting into the houses?
Thank you Grady
This kind of thing happens when all the older more experienced technicians get cut out of the deal because they’re too expensive. There’s hundreds of 50+ guys sitting at home, out of work, shaking their heads right now because of this oversight. Thanks to the first responders who showed up in droves. They would not have been needed if we could get our critical infrastructure engineered effectively.
One person who,died had a chimney fall on the from an explosion.
This incident is exactly why I'm reticent to tie into the gas line that they put in the street just before I bought my house. I'm still using an old oil burner because this event made me very afraid of in-street Natural Gas.
Blimey!
Imagine it was hydrogen and not natural gas….. and we keep flirting with the idea hydrogen will cure our natural gas needs….
I’d love to see you do a video on the San Bruno gas pipeline explosion in 2010 as well. Eight people died and most of an entire neighborhood burned down. Very tragic.
I wonder how this works at the residential level. My home in Pennsylvania has a regulator at the utility pipe just before it enters the house. Did the MA houses have the same and it just blew by them? Or is it a different system?
Its good that the construction crew worked completly within regulations and incredibly sad that nobody bothered to pay for the quality control needed to avoid this. Maybe it needs to be mandatory to put in new regulators when changing pipes to ensure that forgetting the downstream sensing pipes is impossible... the other way you talked about just sounds like more overhead costs for people building homes which is really not what the world needs right now
This is why utilities - especially those representing a natural monopoly - should not be managed by a for-profit corporation. There should be no room for cutting corners to maximize profits. How did these companies get exceptions for PE stamps? This isn't about trust - it's about competency. When managing and operating something so large, dangerous, and essential, there had better be provably experienced and competent people working on all stages of planning, construction, and management.
I spoke with a gas worker a month after this happened and this is almost exactly what he thought occurred. Great video.
Based on what I have seen happening with the utilities in NY state, I can easily picture a situation where the people who knew about the remote pilot connections were given early retirement and the newer engineering staff (or, more likely, the non-professions that the outsourced contractor hired) did not know (had no clue) about the pilot connections.
FYI we don't pronounce it "win-THROP." We pronounce it "WIN-thrup"
How can I know if the regulator/meter outside my home (SE Michigan, Consumers Energy) protects my home from an overpressure in the line like the one described here?
I had multiple issues with Columbia gas when I was a Landlord. They would always use and estimated reading when switching service during times when I was in between  renters. One time I actually had the gas shut off for over a month while a new line was being installed. They refused to adjust the bill. One time I was successful to get the bill adjusted by an appeal to the state utility commission. The last time I was unsuccessful and they sent my bill to collections and dinged my credit....I refused to pay the fraudulent charge. So always always always plan on being there the days services start or end and take a physical reading with pictures because they refuse to stop this practice!  I don't know why the weights and measures regulation that cover things like fuel pumps at gas stations don't enforce accuracy for natural gas usage, but you could imagine the outcry if pumps at gas stations decided to estimate sales. During normal usage, yes estimates get ironed out with periodic physical readings, but to allow them on a final reading is criminal in my opinion!
Win throp.  Win thrip
What a great comercial at the end there :)
Hm
So basically, it's yet another case that proves large physical infrastructure networks should never be privately operated. For one thing, market forces don't affect networks like these, because they operate on local monopolies; and the network operator is heavily incentivised to cheap out on every safety and quality control measure they can get away with. As if that isn't bad enough on its own, many of these infrastructure networks (roads, electricity, drinking water, sewage...) are essential for staying alive and well. It's a combination that's just asking for trouble, and yet it is all too common.
Another issue that I see: no failsafe on the sensing pipe. The monitor regulator should have been sensing locally. That would have been the best thing.
Personally, i think there should be fewer regulators in the natural gas distribution system. The free market will keep the pressure levels exactly where they need to be.
@PracticalEngineeringChannel Grady — do a piece on the California PG&E San Bruno pipeline overpressure rupture. The power of radiative heating still frightens. Multiple failures of engineering, operations and management.
Why did the pressure control valves at individual homes not control the pressure? Inlet pressure beyond their specification?
Though I live in germany, I like your videos very much. But... could you please clean your glasses? My wife´s an optician and she would get crazy, if she saw it. 😉
And the presure regulators at the meters couldnt handle it. What a fiasco
Please do more videos on gas infrastructure!  You've covered electric and water distribution. Gas could be cool! 😁
I just dont get how in certain states there wouldn't be an engineer or third party go over gas design plans.  As a person who does cad work for multiple utility companies in the South, we have all our designs looked over or given to us by qualified engineers.  I've even caught a few mistakes here and there and I've seen some engineers catch some REALLY big mistakes done by contractors that could have done some proper destruction
This is seriously up there with Tacoma Narrows and Hyatt Regency walkway collapse in terms of cautionary tales to teach engineering students. It's easy to explain what happened, and it's a mistake anyone could see themselves making if it slid across their desk on an off day. It has so many implications about proper documentation, multiple levels of scrutiny, making sure you fully understand the system you're working with, the importance of risk analysis...
Theres something off about your mic in this vid, it sounds like there a lot more treble.
This video is a pretty good argument to dismantle our natural gas infrastructure and replace it with safe, efficient, and generally superior electric appliances.
I assume that a downside of high pressure distribution is that accidental breaks during excavation would increase in seriousness? A couple of years ago a 1.25" high pressure line (originally installed about 10 years ago) was ruptured directly in front of my residence... thankfully it found no ignition source. The roar of the gas escaping was deafening and the entire neighborhood reeked of the odorant for days, even inside buildings. What disturbed me most is that during a major utility reconstruction project nobody on site had the ability to turn off the gas... it vented for at least 20 minutes, and I'm on a dead-end. There is a shutoff not 50 yards upstream from the break.
How do I find out if my state requires a PE on gas infrastructure projects? And who do I lobby if we don't?
Why the hell were the exempt from engineering approval!?
If people don't trust the CDC, FDA and the science used by these organisations, why do they trust the transport and energy department and the regulators that set out build codes, industry guidelines and mandatory procedures?
thanks for the video. I just assumed the meter at each house would have a high pressure shutdown of some kind. Is that even possible?
Sources in description would be great
The gas company installed excessive flow valves between the main and the individual lines feeding the homes in our area. Would these have prevented houses from blowing up ?
The 2010 PG&E Northern California natural gas pipeline disaster on the San Francisco peninsula was much worse: "killing eight, the explosion injured 58 people (some with permanent/lifetime burn injuries), destroyed 38 homes and damaged 70 others".
Thank you for these videos - I also enjoy your book.  Very interesting
All those fires at once must have taxed the water infrastructure.
We had emergency repairs because of this.. lots of us had internal meters.. they still monitor it. Connecticut.. crazy times 😮 Eversource is still checking slabs for gas. Firefighters everywhere
I still don't understand, if the sensing lines are downstream of the regulators, and the pipe that was swapped was the high pressure line, why would the pressure in the sensing lines change if that was all downstream of the work being done?
I was on a job where my coworker broke a 6inch gas main. Everyone heard and smelled it almost immediately and started running away. I turned around and shut off the air compressor before running away too. Then shut down traffic on the largest road in town
The problem was lack of diversity and no workplace drag queens.. perhaps get a non binary little person in there for good measure and it won't happen again
Would pressure relief valves on the low pressure system have helped here?
Hmm. Interesting that the NTSB had jurisdiction over this?
Thanks Grady. Great presentation as always. We look forward to your videos coming out. :D
Im surprised they didnt blame this on Trump.
I'm sorry, are you telling me homes in America just have gas pipes running through them? Streets? Everywhere? Regulated or not, how was this ever considered a good idea? I would never live in a house where I knew there was flammable gas running around. What on earth?? How are Americans OK with that?
It's crazy that gas meters dont release pressure before letting high pressures into the houses.
that's kinda a big mess up... how does this sort of thing keep happening?
A company with a guaranteed and protected MONOPOLY — as are most states' public utilities — needs to ensure a Continuity of staff and records-keeping. When Utilities re-organize, the historical details of construction and modifications plainly are CRUCIAL, and must be maintained and kept readily available. In 1992, a subcontracted work boat in the Chicago River (the one that the city dyes fluorescent Green on St. Patrick's day) was driving reinforcing pilings  near the Kinzie Street bridge. A single piling disturbed the river sediments enough to breach a long abandoned tunnel system 40 feet below the water's surface, and very quickly the water pouring thru enlarged the gap. The Tunnel system had long been unused, but wound among the sub-basement levels of Scores of the Country's most Expensive UpScale Retailers, office and apartment buildings. Repairs and Pumping the water took a Year and over a Billion Dollars.
I remember that day.  That was almost as scary as the day the Boston Marathon bombers were caught.
Food for thought
we in the UK have an individual home gas regulator in the UK before the gas meter.
Seems to me there should be more redundancy in the sensor lines.  If those lines got damaged in any way it would result in the same scenario.  Could also have some form of pressure relief valve in the low pressure system that would basically discharge in a worse case scenario. (obviously this should be something that is avoided).
Why was this investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board instead of the US Chemical Safety Board? Is gas regulated by NTSB?
Gas feels like such an inherently dangerous thing...
How sad that someone’s oversight destroyed some people’s homes and all of this possessions. In hindsight, they should have just left the old system alone which apparently was still working.
It will be interesting to see you do the report on Palmer chocolate in Reading Pennsylvania.
Gas lines lose 20% of the gas leading to global warming pollution. Natural gas is not allowed in new building in parts of California. It is very bad for the environment
I work for a natural gas distribution company in NJ and my job is to work on over 125 regulating stations. We actually have seal pots which create a liquid seal in the system so over 14” wc causes 15 gallons of oil to be flushed out of a vent stack and allowing full pressure to vent out of a 6” stack while simultaneously allowing UP to be delivered at normal pressure. Sounds archaic but it cannot fail under any circumstance.
Goodness. Imagine the worker’s reaction seeing explosions and fire trucks in the distance due to their involvement
Classic case of whofarted.
There's a lot of people in Minnesota that don't have access to natural gas and have to have propane tanks near they're homes
Thank you Grady. I like the Chemical Safety Board style video. I show these type of videos to my managers at work to stress the importance of clear information and quality decision making.
This is so crazy.  I can't believe I never heard about this when it happened.
Lolll I’m surprised coned didn’t buy up this company…but we were there
Maybe do a video on the gas explosion in San Bruno , California that happened in 2010. That was pretty epic.
I sent four of your books to my adult children, they love them, and I got one for myself, I love it! You did a great job explaining things and my wife and I love the diagrams and clear pictures in the book.
The first suspicion when this happened was a terrorist attack. I have family in Andover who told me about all of this.
What's that poster behind you?
yeah. mmmmm. :(
Really no pE stamp required?? Really that is crazy.
Why don't they have Pressure relief valves on the system?
I am flabbergasted there isn't a pressure relief valve in a system that is sensitive to over pressure. Hot water heaters, furnaces and air compressors all have them.  Those dual regulators showed the weak link in the safety chain. They both rely on pressure lines from downstream with no check against the total pressure, both too high and too low.  Strictly speaking, regulators aren't safety devices at all. They don't have a shutdown mode. Say a delivery pipe ruptures, something that can and does happen when utility work under city streets takes place, all the regulators will do is allow more and more gas to flow as the pressure drops in the system. Not what you want in that case either.
As an Hvac installer I made bank because of this.
We could see the smoke from my workplace
Thanks for sharing the technical cause of this crisis. I attended many press conferences with then mayor and governor who, to their credit, focused mostly on meeting the residents' cooking and heating needs going into the fall and winter seasons and keeping them updated as the repairs progressed.
I feel this should be a future WTYP episode....  You should get in contact with those guys and do a podcast with them about this incident!
Really. High pressure at the service lines? One misplaced fence post and what should happen then? Location marks are often misaligned by far.
Another great channel:  Smarter Every Day!
That was a wild time. I live in southern Maine and our town was infiltrated with people and pets from that area for a couple days. cant blame them
One minor note. It was reported that Columbia Gas' right to operate in the Commonwealth was actually revoked by the DPU under orders of former governor Charlie Baker. Hence the sale of their systems to Eversource.
11:02 - Why would anyone even consider giving an exemption to, above all things, gas companies to have no engineering review of their projects?  (I mean, I know exactly why: billionaire lobbies, but still!)
A good reminder that our fossil fuel energy landscape is a disaster and going green is essential for a better, safer, healthier world.
I'm now more convinced than ever to keep my house on heating oil and wood heat, and not connect to the nearby natural gas line.
A great RP option would be Metamagic Adept for subtle spell to cast things like Hold Person while in your innocent widdle kid form
I cannot believe we still don’t have PE oversight of public impacting systems. 🤬
Box checkers. Incompetent hires with positions they have no business having. Unqualified and incompetent.. It's all fine and dandy until people lose their lives as a result.
Yeah no, I'm good with everything electric!
brady:   "fossil  fuel"?
I said this decades ago: Utilitized gas, serving communities/ cities,/counties, is just disaster, waiting to happen. Convince me otherwise.
Electric and induction cookers. Goodbye to gas-powered stoves. Period. Gas for industrial use only.
I'm glad you mentioned the systems where each end user has a meter. That's the only kind I've encountered,  so I was initially surprised that the overpressure reached the appliances.
As both a Naval trained pipefitter and later an industrial pipefitter this type of incompetence never fails to amaze me. From the top on down. Bonus points; I'll go out on a short limb and say the engineers were all "college" educated and the hands on workers were all union labor. smfh
Columbia Gas was warned in the years leading up to this that their cost-cutting and shoddy controls were dangerous; but they wanted to save a buck. Source: I know the employee who was forced to retire because he wouldn't shut up about it.
US companies: Public safety will inhibit our income. US politicians: We can't let that happen, you do what you like. Everybody when something bad happens: Oh no, we could never have predicted that lack of regulations would lead to harming the public.
Ironically the story about the plane crash on the canary islands is what lead me to this video.
I'm happy to hear someone cover this disaster, my mother lived nearby and even over in Middlesex county it was a big topic for months on end. I never heard a proper in depth explanation before. I think the WORST part about this is the areas in which this happened, like Lawrence, are overwhelming populated by poor and working class families trying to get by. The overwhelming majority of the population and cities effected most by this were the least equipped to handle it making recovery extra long and difficult.
Maybe not ideal either but I am kind of surprised like on the meters or regulators why there is not like a pressure relief on them. There would be risk pf explosion if it went off but there is a lot more air and room to work with outside of a place than inside. Then in theory too even if was small in a case like this they would vent off so many locations it would I think be fine. Pretty sure LP tanks have pressure reliefs so why not these systems.
You're description of the Tenerife accident is a bit misleading. The Pan Am plane didn't enter the runway without permission, per se; it accidentally entered the runway in heavy fog, but the primary cause according to the investigation was the KLM pilot's taking off without permission.
Boom! In the metro Detroit area, an average of three structures are obliterated per year. The infrastructure is over 75 years old in many areas. Last year a 22 in pipeline rupture and explosion left behind a 20 ft deep crater north of Detroit. I’m feeling a bit apprehensive living around this region. 😆
16 18"...It's available for free...": Is it free of censorship? That would be worth $30 right there.
15:20 "...best content produced by independents...": What does that tell you about centralization? No centralization...better content. Huge centralization...huge disaster.
14:05 "...and the customers had no say in the matter..." And at this instant there is just such an accident waiting to happen in some other discipline and application. And at this instant enormous energy is being misdirected at such things as ozone holes and CO2 emissions. And they can still pull off the 911's and the COVIDs.  Follow the money folks. It's ultimately the old mafia protection racket.
13:39 "... a billion dollars in damage...": Chump change. The military loses more than that when they drive a plane off the end of a carrier. Heck, John McCain did more than that all by himself...and they made him a Senator. All introducing government into any issue just magnifies the probability and cost of screw ups. And removes blame everywhere, or actually more often places it on some grunt at the bottom of the food chain.
13:32 Hindsight is always 20-20. And these two guys (who have risen beyond their level of competence as all such type do) have that "totally clueless" look on their faces...but they're well coifed; have good hair; perfectly fitting suits, and appropriate expressions of concern. I'm sure, losing sight of their objective, they ultimately doubled their efforts and quadrupled the staff...which drove away any competent people they had...but guaranteed the buck stopped nowhere.
The information given at the end of the video about the Tenerife Disaster is NOT true. Both airliners the KLM and the Pan Am were given permission by the tower to enter the runway and BACKTRACK to the end of the runway were the KLM was to turn around and hold. The Pan Am was to follow the KLM and exit before the end of the runway but the KLM started their roll and take off WITHOUT clearance from the tower to take off and since visibility was down to minimum because of the fog the KLM did not see the PAM AM on the runway until it was too late. This information was posted on the NTSB crash report.
12:10 "...of having two sensors in series...": Note how his illustration shows complete parallel paths for the sensors? In real life that wouldn't be done. And even if it were, the tubes would likely reside in the same conduit and be cut together in a single excavator scoop. But it looks good.
It's interesting that the NTSB investigated this and not the CSB.
11:50 "...NTSB recommendations...": Brings to mind NIST investigation of the mysterious WCT7 collapse...and stonewalling to this day in the face of overwhelming evidence of their coverup. And 94% of Americans know nothing about it...20+ years later. Government is never the solution to any problem. In fact, it almost always "is" the problem.
I witnessed something of this nature happen in Chicago along Milwaukee Ave in the early ‘90s.  The gas co was doing distribution system maintenance work and regulation of line pressure got out of control—BOOM.
You are far better than Ole Johny Harris. Keep up the good work.
These adverts are getting longer and longer and it is so    IRRITATING  ! ! !
Luckily, "cook'n with gas" and heating with gas is going away. The IRA subsidies now help families replace dangerous, polluting gas appliances with better, electric solutions. Induction stoves and heat pumps are cheaper to run and they don't explode.
If anyone is wondering why the NTSB (National Transportation Safety Board) investigated this accident, it is because it is still a transportation system. Just with gas instead of people.
Having a central pipeline for natural gas like in the video sounds insane to me. Where I live, homes have their own gas tanks and lines. Yea mistakes can happen, but never at the size as the event in the video.
I remember the day this happened. I worked in Ward Hill and could see the smoke from across 495 from the neighborhoods when I left work that day. Several people I worked with that lived in Lawrence and Haverhill couldn't get home because of the street closures. Crazy.
Are you guys going to break down what caused the duct work to fall at the Gaylord indoor pool area ?
In the UK it is usual for old gas lines to be purged with Nitrogen to ensure no accidents can happen. I find most of the mainstream documentaries are using engineers that are in no way connected to the specific type of engineering that is being discussed and sometimes they act as though they know less than I do, an electrician. Although I was not the normal run of the mill electrician as I got a lot of specialised work, underground, MRI, x-ray, Rail, military etc.
I must have been asleep when this disaster happened. I normally catch all the news like this. It's refreshing to know, although distressing too, that PG&E (California) isn't the most incompetent power company in the US. This accident easily exceeds the San Bruno, CA pipeline explosion. More people died in that but the total loss was much less.
Awesome explanation of challenging equipment. Being familiar with gas letdown stations, as soon as you said the words "pilot operated regulators" I knew what happened. Terrible :(
Just one of the costs of the former administration deregulating everything. If it happened now, MAGAs would be screaming for Buttigieg's head. This wasn't even national news back then.🙄
Oops.   It's unfortunate and devastating for those involved, but we as a species have only gotten this far through many trials and catastrophic failures that invoke a constant effort to improve and fail-safe future disasters, as far as humanly possible. In most cases....
We hit a pressure release valve on our gas main with a grasshopper mower. Granted the valve was small, the sound of the gas shooting out was terrifying. Though the gas company workers seemed very chill, while im thinking we need to evacuate the block. 😂😂  The world below us, our infrastructure is truly scary.
Though smoke detectors wouldnt of helped in this situation, i will never give up a chance to preach having a working smoke and CO2 detectors and a fire safety plan. Please, for my mother. You and your family deserve it.
How on earth was the gas company allowed to say "yeah, we'll just go turn off every house one by one"??? They should've just shut off their whole system and stopped supplying gas to the area ffs.
You know you've worked at the ground level for too long when your first thoughts after hearing "the last crew forgot to do X" isn't "oh, God, people got hurt" but "Oh, thank God, this was somebody else's fault."
It honestly bewilders me as a robotics engineer that having only two regularization pipes in series was everything that was regulating the pressure in those pipes, maybe I'm biased by my background in automation but having a third sensor checking that the pressure wouldn't go up past certain value sounds like a no brainer to me. I loved the video and it just shows how sometimes the biggest accidents don't come from engineering missing calculations on projects but often by lack of rugosity when handling these kinds of systems.
Funny how pressurized flammable gas is fine to have, but insurance companies freak out about a wood burner. Brilliant!
I have piped natural gas heating and incidents like this are why I am extremely anti-natural gas. It is so unsafe for very little benefit. Electricity can't leak and fill your house with electricity that will make it explode lol
Thats a terrifying level of oversight and failure.
At 1 1:20:  "...providing the public with better assurance that competent and qualified engineers would be taking responsibility for these inherently dangerous projects." (as compared to the engineers that work for the gas utility and apparently are not competent and qualified)!!  These things should not keep happening...San Bruno, CA fatalities from ruptured line; Rancho Cordova (Sacramento), CA fatalities from ruptured line, etc.
Devin from Legal Eagle has very politically biased views that he allows to cloud his content.
The pilot valve pressure mechanism sounds a little like how variable pitch props work on airplanes
Manostat.
Tenerife wasn't a regulatory failure; it was 100% arrogant arsehole pilot error.
I went up there on the task force the next day for the overnight. We went door to door forcing entry to meter for gas. It was surreal...4 of us firefighters in a fire truck 40 miles from our city w/no knowledge of Lawrence going door to door w/gas co. Mass State Police and local Police and we didn't know what would be on the other side in those homes. There was no power and all we had was flashlights and a cell phone for navigation. We were on our own there. Being out all night wasn't fun either.
So corruption was the main reason.
Sounds like they didn't 'forget' to move the sensors, they didn't even know why the sensors needed to move.   It's important to understand the big picture reasons behind  whatever is done. The same principle explains why medical treatment by PA's and NP's (Nurse Practitioners) with a few years of medical education doesn't provide the same big picture understanding of human physiology purchased at great cost by a physician's many years of medical training.  And don't get me started on Chiropractors.
The one fatality is so heartbreaking - a 16 yo kid who was about to take his license test was sitting in the family car in the driveway, probably thinking about driving, when the neighbor's chimney fell on the car.
So I've only ever lived in states that had a regulator on each home and "high" pressure distribution...are you saying that areas in the northeast distribute gas at low pressure and there is only a meter on the home not a regulator?   Seems crazy to me but maybe it's the norm there
I know here in Minnesota, each house has its own regulator. Did the homes and businesses featured in this video not have regulators and ran on line pressure?  Edit: i think I'm thinking of the meter. Now I'm curious if i have a regulator or not!
Great video. Just a note that the O in Winthrop is pronounced like a U. It's "WinthrUp" not "WinthrOp"
By code housing is 7 in w.c. not 12. 12 is the pressure rating for propane.
Oh wow!!!  Amazing that something that happened years ago would come back to haunt the final installation.  This is why having a good engineering staff and project management team is absolutely critical.
Absolutely amazing that no PE Stamp was required. Had they been laying a gravity sewer line, the design would have been stamped by a PE and the work would have been inspected by an engineer and a state regulatory agency.
Why didn't the regulators on the gas meters at each house/building manage/minimize the pressure into the houses, saving the ill-equipped appliances?
As a chemical engineering student from South America, I appreciate when you describe units in the metric system!
This is why you aren't allowed to have a gas stove. Because the government messes up everything.
This happens more often than reported, gas is dangerous.
15:10 - I know it's your sponsorship bit, but you are absolutely correct. All the best media content is small-scale digital channels such as yours. This video is a perfect example. It is a fascinating story which needs to be told, but no major network would ever be bothered to make a show about it.
8:20 animations here would be really helpful to people who are less educated in this area of engineering
As someone living in Norway where almost everything is electricity only (lots of cheap hydro power; historically very cheap and still cheap), and gas is very rarely used outside of camping applications; the idea of having a pipe grid of explosive gas is terrifying.
One dead in a series of gas explosions? That's actually amazingly low.
14:35 I know this goes off the main topic of this video, but that PanAm jet actually had permission to be on that runway, though they ventured further down than they were supposed to.
I am surprised that the low pressure distribution system doesn’t have an emergency release valve. Surely it’s better to vent gas into the atmosphere in one spot than overpressurize the entire distribution system.
"Guys, now we open this valve for a test and if we hear sirens and see mushroom clouds all around the horizon, we close it back again".
I can imagine the typical American 911 call: A: "Hello 911 what is your emergency?" B: "Houses in the street keep exploding in fires" A: "Did you just say fires?" B: "Yes, fires" A: "How do you spell it?" B: "F-I-R-E-S" A: "What are the houses exploding in?" B: "Fires" A: "So you are seeing fires?" B: "Yes" A: "Are you hearing, feeling or seeing the fires?" B: "Seeing" A: "What keeps exploding in the street in fires?" B: "Houses" A: "What is a house?" [...]
Been licensed on all the industrial workplace 30+ years, keeps those around me safe!
Excellent video. Thank you.
A PE stamp isn't a panacea. I keep seeing incompetent engineers with a PE stamp.
In the UK it's pretty much universal to have a small regulator on every meter at the premises it serves. The distribution network to operates at a somewhat higher pressure allowing use of smaller pipes - I don't know what the usual distribution pressure is.
The comment about "competent and qualified engineers". The last 2 years of my life have been nothing but the exact opposite! I am in no way a PE, Im a computer engineer, but when I have to correct the PEs that work with us, its saying something to that engineers "competence and qualification". This persons problem was they never visited the field of the construction to account for any variables their calculations couldn't foretell! :)
Perhaps Tech Connections idea to use heat pumps can help avoid these problems.
Putting regulators in homes is a great idea, but with some caveats.  Where I live buildings are required to have their own regulators. The house I live in was built in the 60s and we assumed it had a regulator until a couple years ago a PG&E employee had a gauge burst in her hand from the pressure in the house pipes. No regulator.  Turns out, only the good design of the stove and water heater was keeping the house unexploded.  It's all well and good to require safety features and then use the system with the assumption those safeties are in place. BUT you NEED to verify those safeties are actually installed.
Making the new plastic pipe black in your animation confused me. I assumed that was the cast iron pipe (as they are black, at least here in the UK, but I think that's just the natural colour of cast iron so I presume they are in the US too). New PE pipe here is yellow. So if you'd done it with the old pipe being black and the new brown or yellow, it would have made a lot more sense.
Probably hurt the companies profit by .001% if the management team tried a little harder. Love that the report called out the corporation clearly.
Metric system is again superior. 1000mm or 1m water column is 100mbar, 10m is 1bar or 1000mbar. 👌🏻
When in doubt, increase bureaucracy ;-DD
why did the ntsb investigate the accident , i thought they only did transportation accidents.
What a critical error. Its incredible that this changeover didnt take into account the regulator sensors. That seems like the absolute most important part.
Having a single source of energy for heating and cooking seems like such a bad idea. As someone who live somewhere that often get cold, I have three way of heating my home, first is electricity, then natural gas if one of those fail I can still use wood or charcoal.
The response they did this to a gas explosion was immense but when a train derailed and leaked tons of toxic gas they just went like nothing happened lol.
*WHY not use* unconditional limiters in addition to a couple of relative limiters, discussed in the video?  In such a case, the pressure would no way become higher than a certain limit regardless to what happens with the other two regulators.
Huh! A similar thing happens with voltage regulators that use remote sensing! If you don't connect those remote sensing lines or they sense the voltage is too low, the output voltage can rise to the maximum the supply can deliver in a worst case!
The NTSB never minces words, especially when it comes to pointing out when people were doing the RIGHT things.
Once again, like the FIU Bridge,  we see an engineering project without an effective risk management plan. Project Management 101 calls for a RM plan.
This was a really captivating video! I had never heard about this disaster before or that such a thing was possible. All these "how a disaster happened" videos are super interesting, Grady.  I'm really trying to understand the red and black diagrams correctly around 0:22 and 7:06 though. I watched a few times and finally realized part of my problem was assuming the cast iron line was the black one (since cast iron pans are black) but it's clear from the description the cast iron pipe is red. Still it's tricky to remember and visualize which way is upstream/downstream or high/low/no pressure. Maybe some text labels would help next time?  After watching a few more times I think I finally got how the disaster occurred - though I wish there was a diagram showing it all so I could confirm: The fact that the sensing lines were still attached to the now-unpressurized capped line caused the pilot valves on the Monitor and Worker to release their full high-pressure gas without abatement, which went downstream to all the homes. Normally the sensing lines would increase in pressure when the pilot valves open, so they automatically safely close once enough pressure has built up. But as is, it was like the sensing lines were connected to open air (that's wrong but just how I imagine it) so there was no pilot valve feedback loop.  It makes the sensing lines seem like a sort of unsafe, inverse dead-mans-switch or something. If they aren't connected right all hell can break loose. (I might be totally wrong about some of this and sorry for the essay 😅 but I really wanted to understand the situation fully.)
In my hometown in Germany the gas network is managed and maintained by a city owned company. There are two regulators, one for the entire area which reduces the gas to medium pressure for the distribution system. Each house with natural gas then has it's own low pressure reduction valve to further reduce the pressure. Most people use gas only for heating their house but from next year on all new heating systems have to be at least 65% renewable so most new building projects don't have an gas connection any more.
Can someone please explain to me why they are not required to install pressure relief valves downstream of the regulats? If the regulators fail for any reason a pressure relief valve will prevent over pressure disaster.
At 0:30, why doesn't the gas just escape out the cut section? Answered at 7:12.
@Practical Engineering : I would LOVE to see your take on the grid issues we have in South Africa. At this stage the national power grid has to shed about 6-8Mw just to remain upright.
I'm a plumber in east texas and I can say that everytime I installed gas lines, I was always nervous.
I normally don't want to see anyone get locked up, but it probably wouldn't hurt if executives at negligent companies like this were criminally charged for this stuff. Like how the ceo of the company that caused the Amagasaki derailment was charged. I believe he was acquitted but I bet he or his successor were better about safety afterwards.
Geez. Imagine basically being in the space station scene from Armageddon; you're working on a pipe, something looks weird and suddenly a thing explodes and a substantial part of the city starts lighting on fire. Even though it clearly wasn't their fault in any way, that has to be absolutely horrible for the workers at that site.
In my home town, we had leaky pipes that took so much water in that it flowed back to the pilot valve and froze one winter, causing the valve to stick open and increase the pressure in all the lines by about 8x. If you didn't have a gas meter made after 1994, your house had extreme risk of burning down. Pilot lights in furnaces and other devices were observed to be 2-3 feet long. Several houses burned down. Our town is about a 1/2 square mile and 25 fire departments were sent in as the town was evacuated.  They were assigned an intersection and just had to watch for smoke to respond to a fire while the gas company rushed to correct the issue. No deaths, and miraculously, no injuries either.
Is it just me or did you get the PSIG explanation backwards? PSIG is dependent on atmospheric pressure (or the pressure of a surrounding system) and PSIA would ignore surrounding pressures
Begging for more government? Not cool.
Yup, us engineers make mistakes all the time! :/
11:50 "[…] a stress test beyond what they had ever experienced." Aren't firefighters trained to face this kind of situation though 🧐? Sure not on such a scale, but the quantity of people should balance out the extra stress, no?
I couldn't stop staring at his smudgy glasses the entire vid lol
👍
As a former gas worker, most recently for distribution side. I've seen poor management on wgl and subcontractor side, where a Foreman felt comfortable to throw rocks on yellow pvc pipe in VA. I called them out, but ended up getting let go.
Do they not commonly also install excess flow valves on branch lines there? I know when I did distribution work here, in addition to regulators on the homes, we also have excess flow valves that would protect service lines if flow exceeded the intended amount by a small percentage. We installed them immediately after the tap into the mainline.
I would have taken this opportunity to get rid of the gas distribution system altogether. Assuming the electricity system is reliable that is...
Why did the national transportation safety board cover a gas explosion instead Department of Energy
While I understand the industry calls it "natural" gas, this would have been a great opportunity to normalize "fossil gas" to make it abundantly and consistently clear it's a fossil fuel (I realize you mention that at ~ 2:00 but still, names matter). Great video as always though!
How did it get to this point where a professional engineer did not need to certify the project? Its a piece of critical infrastructure! I would say that it should have been a law since the 50s and in surprised that it wasnt.
We should put the CEO in prison
I was wondering if a pop off valve would have been a extra level of protection of overpressurization in the main line.  It wouldn’t have stopped the regulators, but maybe it would have helped by time to shut down the system.  Also surprised there wasn’t a pressure sensor that was designed to shutdown the whole pipe if the pressure was too high or low.  Imagine if one or both of the sensor lines had a leak.  Scary how little protection was designed in that system.
I had known that they ended up with high pressure on low pressure lines but I was under the impression it was a direct connection. When you got to the point where you mentioned separate sense lines I immediately guessed what the mistake was going to be.
I have phobia of gas operated stoves in my home. I would never live in a place with gas pipes running all over the neighborhood. Individual house gas tanks directly connected to a stove make me nervous but just thinking of that ticking pipebomb underground is enough to make me sick in the extreme. It all seems so unsafe, one end goes off the entire line goes boom.
@ 11:02 that house has like 30 boxes of shoes.
If this was mentioned the. I missed it, my bad. But I’m confused. Why was the investigation handled by the NTSB and not the CSB?
Man that was 5 years ago already. I remember coming home from work and hearing a lot of sirens, then seeing on Reddit that the town over was exploding. Two of my coworkers were displaced by this mess.
Good job Grady. I’ve got over 25 years of oil and gas experience and everything in this video is pretty accurate. I especially appreciated your inclusion of gauge vs absolute pressure.
Youre going to make us all get nebula.
my company worked with the state regulators on follow up to this incident. great video
I was in Lawrence as this all went down. It was pure pandemonium.
"win throp" lol @practicalengineering is not from massachusetts :D
The moral of today's story - brought to you by self regulation.
No mention of how many pets were lost, I'm guessing lots if people were at work.
Super interesting, thanks.  Have you ever looked into the 1944 East Ohio Gas disaster in Cleveland?
So who was responsible?
So, am I right in thinking this was not thought through? And stop calling it "interesting"... If one person dies, it goes from "interesting" to "You should propably get help. People died! If that's just interesting... Well, you, my friend, are wierd.   "Interestingly"... I'm sure the families of the one that dead person will find comfort in that. And the 40 % of will really soooooooooth their sorrow. Get a grip, my friend! Killing off people by not having rules should be illegal, and the companies should be held responsible. It wasn't one of the owners getting killed, was it?
Great video wow errors on top of errors, cheers from Canada!
Lucky for U.S. biden is looking to outlaw gas stoves!
Why do these things always come down to lack of regulation or unesesary exemptions and companies not taking safety to serious because of it? I'm sure there is a lesson in there somewhere.
I was living in Georgetown, about 20 minutes east of the area. My town was one of many that responded to Andover and Methuen. I had friends in my boy scout troop that lived in North Andover, thankfully not on the gas side.  I remember coming home from school and just watching the news, seeing the camera footage from the helicopters. Talking to my friends, it was one of the scariest things us growing up.  As an engineering major in college it's great seeing what caused incidents like these, I feel like it will allow me to become a better engineer (although I'm studying mechanical). Thank you for posting videos like this, it definitely helps people understand what happens within our complicated world.
I thought that every house had its own regulatory.  Not always.
We need to get off gas. Heat pumps + induction stoves + heat pump or resistive water heaters. Gas lines leak 1-5% of their methane ALL THE TIME. Gas goes BOOM way too often.
I had a water heater installed  few years ago. The installer used copper pipe for the gas line and HE SOLDERED IT. When that inevitably failed, it cost me a fortune to get fixed. That installer, by the way, is now a cop.
The gas regulations have been revised I am state certified it's so important to have the license
First of all, congratulations on getting #22 in trending!  Secondly, I'm surprised I never heard of this. This is definitely something that would have ended up on my radar when it happened. That or I just forgot about it. Regardless, thank you for covering this! Terrifying the idea that how much damage such an incident can cause.
i dont ever remember seeing this on the news when did it happen again?
Sucks states will probably use this as a safety excuse
My father was a firefighter in Andover that day and he put out more fires that day than the entire rest of his career on the force
Almost like a clean out there should be remote areas to test main lines then have smaller less dangerous arteries with less remote locations like a natural area by every street or couple blocks
I watch pressure lines to make sure they hold pressure and have no leaks and can't imagine working on a high pressure line like that
Personally I'd just want to see the risk assessment that was done when the project initially began (installation of the new PE pipeline). They can't have missed to realize that forgetting to correctly loop the sensors is a key risk, could they? Was the risk assessment done?
I think I spotted a small error. In your diagram at 6:15, the worker and monitor labels are switched. The worker should be on the higher pressure side, with the monitor on the lower pressure side since it's a redundancy set to a slightly higher limit.  Your voice over is correct though, so the purpose of both is clear. Not a huge deal.  Unless you meant that the monitor is the major stepdown from high to low and the worker is the fine tuning of pressure. Then your diagram is correct.
Absolute snoozefest of a video
I hated those shows. It was full of unnecessary drama.
Your presence on Nebula convinced me to go use it. Great videos!
Just because an engineer has a PE license does not mean that they are competent. The amount of engineers with PE licenses that i have worked with who could not tell me how their equipment was supposed to work is astonishing. In many cases, alarm rationalization or alarming in general is an after thought to them. I'm a controls engineer without a PE.
Something similar happened in Hutchinson, KS in 2001 and caused explosions in various places in the city. I was in the middle school at the time less than a mile from the largest explosion. Scary stuff!
you may like mentour pilot, he has a great channel about aviation which has gone into the tenerife disaster
Thank you Grady for another great video. I enjoy this coverage of case studies and rewriting the story for non-engineers to understand the system. ❤❤❤
You americans with your silly units. The correct unit to use for pressure is 1*N/m², or 1 pascal.
Jesus Christ, all this because of overlooking sensor relocation?
You need to apply to the CSB . Chemical safety board. They do similar videos
This is fantastic content! I have the typical always-curious "hive mind"that all engineers share, a propensity to constantly want to know "how things work." Having engineered a piece of low pressure test equipment for automotive testing @13"wc, I followed your video about the natural gas disaster carefully. Very nicely done and very informative.
And that's why the first thing I did when I moved into my new house was to disconnect the gas service.
Suddenly I’m not complaining about Sleepy Joe taking away my gas appliances!
So glad that I dont live near any housing using gas. One would think the occasional house blowing up even in the most regulated and safest infrastructures would have people decide against using gas so directly. Dont mind greedy companies fin things up, but also giving the dumb masses access to gas lines or having some clueless construction workers dig around in a gas network is just asking for disaster. I am thankful my german city had build back the gaslines ages ago and switched to district heating power plants delivering energy to endusers via electricity and hot water. Just so much safer, and with the power plants we got it also allowed to switch fuels as gas got expensive/limited for a while. Just ridiculous how many risks people are willing to take just to safe a few bucks shortterm.
Very well explained, Grady. I was amused that your ad at the end started out with the airline industry, as I had been asking myself just before that, "Don't these people use checklists?" There's a reason pilots have checklists for everything from normal takeoff and landing procedures to emergency situations. It's all too easy to miss one step in a complex series of steps. In aviation those lessons have been paid in blood, yet that industry is amazingly safe compared to the earlier days of passenger travel. Add more people to the decision making tree and it becomes far more likely that a single step can be overlooked because people assume someone else has done their job correctly. Without rigorous step by step verification one small oversight can lead to distaster.
7:08 oh yeah just install a by pass line... HOW sir? HOW!
How do low pressure lines not have pressure relief valves or emergency shutoff valves separate from regulators.?
I like these kind of distaster analyses and breakdowns. Hoping for more! Also, this is the video that made me subscribe 😎  My brain made the comparison with electricity. What if something went wrong in substation transformers, and the full 500kV would be pushed into people's homes? That kind of voltage could easily jump the gap and get into metal enclosures, and into steel house frames. Otoh, it would more likely cause a short in low-voltage cables, because the wires are too close together. Anyway, it gave me some slight shivers thinking about it.
Why was this not even more of a disaster?  What saved the vast majority of the homes and businesses?
I've always thought Nat Gas was dangerous.  Solar + inveters + batteries > grid.
I'll say it, don't forget to clean your glasses buddy! Great video, thanks!
Grady - Why was the NTSB the investigating agency?  Awesome video.  I love your disaster explanations the most!  I have Nebula but the one problem with it is that you can't interact with creators via comments like you can on YouTube.
FYI: always know where underground utilities are located.  Dont live next to em.
Great video, as always Grady!  Do we know why there are exemptions? What's the reasoning? Seems very odd to me.
Capitalism wins again
Did I miss a full date of this? I don’t remember it nor hearing it.
Privatize everything, and just wait for capitalists to cut corners for profit. Can't say I'm surprised
A proper RCM3 (Reliability Centered Maintenance) analysis of the system would have identified this unacceptable risk prior to any work beginning.
I can't even fathom not having redundancy and PE checks on something like this. I have always been all-electric, so it may well be that way in my area. I'm fortunate enough to live in an area where natural gas is more expensive and electric less expensive than average, so gas isn't that much of a savings and I can affordably be on only one energy system. (At a guess, I would say that is the upshot of being rural far from the main distribution pipelines and being where the NIMBY's voted to put the nuclear plant, but I don't actually know for certain.)
Kinda crazy to not have point of delivery regulation on a gas system
Thanks, do more like this one
Your best energy value... Ive already switched out all my gas appliances for Electric as have my friends. I completely understand the need to natural gas but eventually we need to make a change.
4:53 installed on it's side?!
00:18 These types of maps are fantastic. Thank you!
Here in the Midwest, gas pressure to each residence is high pressure, and the regulator is on or around the meter. I watched a service man remove the shut off valve, to extend my sinking gas line, and he shoved a plug into the line against 40psi line pressure, which is always a scary moment.
Talk about words of wisdom.
I’m a little bit beyond concerned about the fact that these systems have obviously not been engineered to sustain an oops like that.  There should have been a fail safe built in to the system that dumped the extra pressure.  There’s no reason that we wouldn’t have a dump off like that through peoples homes, it would just be a flare tower that goes off.  I’m amazed that there wasn’t any people who landed in prison over this mess.   The oversight didn’t oversee….
hey it's mike from breaking bad / better call saul 13:41 XD
So what were the common failure points in homes? What preventative measure can be taken b homeowners?
Thanks for the video. I was really confused as to how this could have happened as we've had pressure regulators on all our gas meters for decades.
Number 11 on trending YEAH!
The animation at the beginning is quite informative; except for skipping what was the process for installing the bypass line; how were the holes created?
Grady is the best!
Thank you for educating the world!
"We're just pumping a flammable and explosive gas into peoples' homes. Why would we need an engineer to sign off on that???"
Another brilliant video, thank you!
Great video, cheers - and excellent commentary on engineering safety!
Let me guess, you are releasing this now to add to the WEF's anti-gas propaganda campaign?
Hindsight 20/20 and all, but what is a regulator doing there as the only safety device?  Surely there should be a pressure relief valve in there, some sort of pressure monitoring at the regulators themselves and a hard cutoff.  Im sure people would be unhappy if their gas was cut off, but im betting they'd be a whole lot more unhappy if their house exploded.  Would be interesting to hear about what the standards are and why they're set the way they are.
Thank you for all of your hard work.
oopsies
What really happened is, Bill Haney was smoking a short of a Newport 100... dozed off, cigarette slipped from his hand & burned the Crib to ashes!😔
Thank you for putting metric units in the video for those of us watching outside the US.
I often have the same fear in my work as a helicopter mechanic.  My thoughts run something like this, “What if I do this work order completely correctly but the guy before me cut a corner I couldn’t even know about without me doing his already completed work again for him?”  The end result is that in safety critical jobs, we, the workers doing the actual work in the field, have to be able to trust that the people before us did the job correctly.  Otherwise, nothing gets done.
in Germany, every house gas connection has a pressure regulator. Then comes the gas meter. It is already negligent to work on the gas lines under pressure.  Had the gas been turned off, the pressure could have been monitored as it was slowly turned back on.
Inexcusable negligence
Very interesting. The self-regulating valves seem like a very elegant solution, but I'd guess they also would open wide if there was a rupture on the low pressure side somewhere? That does not seem like a fail-safe configuration. Might there be other protections in that case?
That makes no sense... If the line being worked on was the HIGH pressure line, and the sensing lines you mentioned are connected to the LOW pressure system that was NOT worked on, how could the work done affect the placement of the sensing lines? There's something missing here.
It’s a “hot tap”.
So, they didn't move the detector from the old line to the new one and everything went boom
What about the future of natural gas systems as a whole? Is there any push for replacing them by beefing up the electrical grid?
In my neighborhood, gas is distributed at 60psi in the street mains, and regulated at the meter to 8"WC. Incidentally, several years ago they "upgraded" my house drop to plastic (was 3/4 cast iron pipe). They dug a 3x5 hole in the street, cut the cast iron pipe from the main (leaving a stub, which got a temporary cap). Then they shoved a 1/2 yellow plastic pipe inside the old cast iron pipe avoiding the need to dig up the old pipe and disturb the landscaping. They also pulled a tracer wire through with the pipe so they can use sensing equipment to accurately find the pipe in the future. The new plastic pipe was then spliced onto the stub at the main. At the same time they relocated their equipment (the meter and regulator) to outside the house. I was told this was simply regular maintenance and number of homes get chosen for this regularly. About a dozen other homes on my street have had this done over the past few years. Mine was chosen primarily because the meter was inside and newer company policy dictated that the equipment be fully accessible without needing homeowner intervention.
What about the regulator at the customers location? Over pressure monitoring block by block with emergency cut offs should be mandatory. Go you have a list of states that require an engineer? Please share
A similar incident happened in Sun Prairie, WI. Absolutely horrifying.
Never have these problems with fuel oil, no pipe lines, no exploded houses, no one getting burned from intense fires that comes from pipe lines, no destroyed neighborhoods
Too many ads
Practical Engeneering becomes more and more like the plainly difficult channel
Methane is not made from fossils
This could have so easily been prevented. Having a PE go over a public service design is obvious. Its something I learned in my engineering 101 course my first year of my college education. if it has a large impact for a large amount of people, it should be reviewed and certified. The lack of redundant sensing on the main line, such as with sensors on each block for example, is a serious design flaw, since if the main regulator set fails, or is improperly made, the fault wont be detected. thats exactly what we saw happen. hopefully state legislatures will learn from this and not skimp on requiring proper diligence on public service projects
I wish Nebula had a comment section.  I love the community and personal stories that people share
Because Management
Ok
More pipeline content!
common mode failure is the cause of the Challenger O-ring disaster
Finnish home do not have a gas line or do we use gas bottles for cooking. We simply don't use has for heating or cooking. There where some buildings near the russian border that used cheap russian gas for heating the building. Some if not all of them went bankrupt if they didn't have the funds to change heating system.
God Americans have massive houses!
im unfamilar with natural gas systems. Found this video interesting BUT i thought every house had its own regulator before coming into the house? Why would that not of stop the high pressure from entering the house?
It's awful that people were injured and had their belongings destroyed through absolutely no fault of their own. I think nowadays, the inherent dangers and complicated, expensive infrastructure make it unsuitable for use and it should be phased out and replaced by things like induction heaters
For the algorithm
It's mind blowing that a PE sign-off wouldn't be required for a gas project.
It's wildly frustrating how essentially all these disasters are caused by cost cutting and negligence as opposed to something that was genuinely unforeseeable.
How many units of pressure do we really need? Sure, in water, mm water, ft water, m water, in mercury, mm mercury, torr, bar, atm, at, Pa, lbf/in², lbf/ft², kgf/mm², kgf/m², and N/mm² (i.e. MPa) all probably made sense when they were first used, but isn't it getting kind of ridiculous?
I think an overpressure valve on the low pressure side would've helped. Where a setpoint difference of about 10% might be enough for worker/monitor, the overpressure valve should be set  to 20-30% above nominal. Then in such an incident, there would be ONE huge fire/problem,  not 100s of distributed problems.
Can’t wait until we can disconnect our gas. Just one less point of firey failure
Im surprised that the low pressure system doesn't have a pressure relief valve somewhere.
Thank you for this in-depth analysis.
Absolutely incredible that we're still using natural gas on humongous scales. We could have gone nuclear 70 years ago, but I guess that would have affected The Line.
I am very supprised by the lack of security in the gassystems, on the distribution side. In the Netherlands we have an regulator valve from high pressure  (4-8 bar) to low pressure (mostly 100mbar) and a second regulator valve paralel to the main regulator set on a slidely lower pressure. After each regulator there is a pressure valve that closes when there is an higher pressure than 40mbar. To the housing there is 100mbar and inside the house there is a regulator valve wich lowers the pressure to 30mbar. So even when there is to much pressure in the low pressure pipes the household would still be save behind there own pressure valve. Even while some old citycenters are getting direct 30mbar to the pipes most houses are getting a pressure valve when the pipeline enters a house.
Could it be the case that gas stoves are.. bad? :O
This is exactly a reason I don't like pressurized systems that are super dangerous in a residential and vocational setting. I want to live and work in peace.
Another reason i will never have Gas Appliances in my home.   All Electric.
The most powerful country in the world. Plenty more of aging infrastructure disaster while the Empire keeps building military bases at the other side the world.
Are there no standards anymore? This is very frustrating to hear about.
To be honest, I get nearly all my content via YouTube just because it's easy... Nebula, MagellanTV, and other such platforms do sound like quite a good development, but Myself, I doubt I will be switching to them soon....
Grady, what about the San Bruno natural gas explosion in 2010 that killed 8 , leveled at least 35 homes and opened a crater 12meters/40 ft deep, 51 m /167 ft long, and 7.9m/26ft wide?
Could it be that I am to much into Naval history when all I can think about after hearing "Merrimack" is that the frigate Merrimack was the basis for the Ironclad CSS Virginia? :)
Just wondering don't homes in the us have regulators where household connection is made?
30 bucks isn't "next to nothing" for a whole lot of us, sadly.
9:35 Oh, that's not too bad of an impact. Maybe a couple of dozen homes... 9:47 Oh God, oh Jesus, get the watah!!!
I'm sure there are cost reasons for not having regulators outside each home, but wouldn't it actually be a cost savings to have the pipe to the house be the weakest link (weaker than the appliances actually in the home)? That way if there is an overpressure event the damage happens less dangerously, in the open?
I enjoy the channel.  I got a little lost in this one, though.  How does cutting over a 75psig distribution line upstream of a regulator reveal a pre-existing configuration problem on the downstream side of the regulator?  And did I understand correctly, that there was a large area of homes fed from one low-pressure (12 inch WC) distribution line, with no further regulation or over-pressure protection at each home?  Wow, that's crazy!  A disaster waiting to happen.  I suppose there's a different order of magnitude of accountability with public utilities - a private company would likely be put out of business, or perhaps even face criminal negligence charges, whereas a public utility just pays the massive damage awards and passes the cost on to the utility customers.
Why is bringing high pressured natural gas to individual houses/businesses considered a good alternative for eliminating the single mode failure? I compare it to bringing 600 kV lines to each house because a substation failed due to incompetence.
It sounds like the Natural gas utility company hired a company that is a jack of all trades and a master of none. I'm thinking this is old school common sense technology as explained on how it works in this video. I mean many of us can understand old school technology, such as engines in vehicles. Try to diagnose or repair some of the newer engines of today. Like I said, the old school mechanical pressure were just fine and not really that complicated. Amazing, "DO NOT DUMB HERE "as AVE would say. I think we can all appreciate the time spent making this video.
Great video. I work directly in this industry and in a control room that actually monitors/controls the components listed in this video (FCVs, Compressors, etc...) and have shared this with my coworkers/shift mates. Moments like these are what we fear the most in our work life. Though we do not primarily oversee residential lines, I found this very educational and a great safety lesson to share. Thanks!
Yet another reason why gas in homes sucks
For the algorithm
Do natural gas ignite at extreme pressure like a diesel?
😮 how come they didn't have some sort of side line with a cap designed to hold up to a certain pressure before blowing open? before
0:23 holy shoot that's freaking awesome. I am always wondering how they replaced those pipes and now i know how.
In Canada we have our own regulators on each gas meter before it goes into the house. It’s on every house with natural gas.  Any propane tank for a house has to have a regular system. Each person has to be licenced and has to be tagged with a licence and has to be checked before your natural gas can be approved for your house🤙🏻 remember always have a licenced person to do your work because that usually helps keep yourself safe!
I think F1 can learn a lot about motogp like how practice decides the q1 and q2 for qualifying
Well someone is going to jail for criminal negligence and sued
14:30 Tenerife was 100% the fault of the KLM captain pushing the throttles to take off power without clearance from the control tower. Not at all how you described it. There was a Pan Am that had clearance to cross the runway, and the KLM captain was like “F the tower, I’m taking off” even his co pilot somewhat tried to stop him but not really. It was so foggy they couldn’t see the Pan Am on the runway. That captain is guilty of over 400 hundred counts of premeditated murder. People can say it was foggy, they were running very behind schedule, there were 20 planes needing to take off, it was a series of events…. No, 1 person caused that
I used to live in a small town in northwest Pennsylvania. The contractor I worked for and I were digging a hole next to the road to put in a stone pillar. My boss had done a One Call several days in advance and the utility companies had marked their lines. The backhoe operator hit a live unmarked gas line. It took almost 2 hours for us to get it capped. My boss called the gas company and they sent a crew out to investigate. They found another line across the street and they had no record of either line. They called in the white hat’s. After a long powwow they dug a hole down the street and found a 3rd line. It was a good thing that my boss had done the OneCall. The gas company made the decision to run all new lines for the entire town and abandon the existing system all together. Had my boss not done the OneCall he would have been held accountable for part of if not all of the fall out. And god only knows what that would have cost him. But on the up side. We got to see first hand how a horizontal boring machine works.
Now imagine if a lowly police officer was in charge of such decisions: Riots, business burning, unrest, civil events, anti-cop laws enacted, etc... These 4 year / 8 year "professionals", "engineers" "experts" have OUR lives in their hands but everyone only cares about Tyrone robbing the CVS and getting shot by the cops....
Hearing some weirdness in the compression for your audio!!
Why is there not a redundant pressure regulator between every home and the main line running down the street ?
Don’t forget about the San Bruno CA disaster.
Those current cable/TV shows are often disinformation.  Oak Island had a cobblestone road where oxen drug logs floated in from the mainland to undergo destructive distillation in tar kilns to make naval stores for the South Sea Company in the 1720s.  Years later, teenagers found the tar kilns and thought they were treasure vaults.   All of the UFO/UAP shows won't mention the TicTacs are plasma holograms created by lasers and the Gimbals are aluminum conical disks powered by microwaves.  Both are used as military decoys.
Why did NTSB investigate this and not USCSB?
Thanks Grady, another great video!
Can we stop with standard, and stick with metric it makes life so much easier.
Bureaucracy sucks, but it sucks less than losing your house.
Any good operator would have seen the pressure increase and shut a valve in time.
In the diagram, which line is the old cast iron line and which is the new plastic line (black or red)? Also, in the diagram, which side is upstream and which is downstream? Very confusing.
I found it strange at first because hear in Fort Worth Texas every house has it’s own regulator, and so this is a problem that we luckily don’t have to worry about, especially since we have multiple rental houses that have gas service.
I went to Merrimack College, the whole school shutdown and sent as many kids home as possible. Anyone still on campus had no power for days, it was pretty scary.
You had one job Carl...
Exempt from stamped designs?!?!?!   Oh wow, that is some grade A corrupt lobbying at work.
theres a house a couple blocks from me that exploded due to a gas leak or some sort of tampering several years back(2011 i think). they never rebuilt, the property is just an empty lot with pieces of foundation and a driveway that goes to nothing, now sitting eerily on a street corner
Grady, one of my very good friends who I worked with in the Army was and still is a firefighter in Andover.  What a hot mess this was - thanks for covering it!
I did not hear about this at the time, but I live in California. We had a different gas transmission line problem in San Bruno, California in 2010 where an old high-pressure pipe failed underground and blew up dozens homes nearby. Eight people were killed.  I won’t miss natural gas as it is replaced by electric appliances.
Now I understand why our natural gas pipe line was replaced with a high pressure system. Thank you!
There's something off with the sound in this video. Especially the part at 3:40.
I was confused by the choice of colors of the cast iron and polyethylene pipes. Cast iron is often referred to as "black pipe", due to its color when new. HDPE pipes are often yellow, for small diameter, and often have a yellow accent for large distribution pipes. I understand that over time, cast iron rusts and turns red, but it took me a while to figure out that the pipes were switched from what was in my head.
I live near where that happened. It's one of those days you'll never forget.
Reminds me of the Apollo 13 movie: one little mistake....
These videos where you talk about real engineering related disasters and break down what went wrong are some of your best videos, but also some of the hardest to watch.
As you explained how the monitor and worker regulators sense the pipe pressure for regulation I instantly understood how the catastrophe occurred… what a terrible mistake!
Contract went to the lowest bidder.
I remember when this happened. Literally every fire department around me went to this, nobody really knew what was going on initially, and a lot of people around me ended up removing their natural gas service. Either switching back to propane or oil.
Home natural gas pressure is 6 to 7 inches of water or 1/4 of one pound.  Propane is used at 1/2 pound per square inch.
Interesting. This type of low pressure distribution isn't allowed here. I don't thing this could happen in higher pressure systems, at least not here. Regulators under certain sizes (residential) need to have integrated relief valves which have an emergency relief ability to 2x normal rated inlet pressure. Above that size, we need redundant relief valves, with the same requirement. They don't use remote sensing like regulators do. Normal service inlet pressure may be 30-120 psi depending on a few factors.
Massachusetts has some of the oldest cast iron main system in the country. Many are before ww2 or even after ww1. They are replacing old with new plastic and now many private companies do the work. These companies have the same standards and qualifications as utility workers. There are certain parts that even utility workers don't need to qualify because they don't do that work. The big issue is a lot of management jobs have been given to people that have not gone through the progression or field experience. Yet they change procedures because they don't think important
That's why in Asia countries they are using portable gas tank.
Has anybody seen the YouTube channel called Hey Jorge? How much you pay for the new guy? That's too much
Didn't mention the gas workers strike going on at the time!
Where I grew up each customer has their own pressure regulator, just before the gas meter. These regulators I do believe are equipped with an internal relief valve, thus venting out excess pressure in the event of regulator malfunction (these regulators as well as the meters are usually installed outdoors, but sometime indoors in which case the regulator vent opening would be plumbed outside the building so any vented gas would go outside, not inside). Until seeing this video, I had assumed this was common practice everywhere, to distribute the gas at higher pressure and have regulators at each customer's premises.
Confused why the NTSB would investigate such an incident.
The bypass was there for a reason. The old main had already had all side street connections disconnected and tied into new plastic main. All services were disconnected and tied into new plastic main. New plastic main was tied to pit after pressure test 2yrs ago. That trench was the last connection to be tied over and they do a bypass just incase.  Before new procedures  normal procedures would have regulator crew onsite and pit opened. All gages connected in the pit in place to watch for any deviation. If pressure started rising they would immediately shut pit down and other pits it the city would hold pressure. This is separate from the gages at that last trench. In the winter new high efficiency heaters cannot take a small drop in pressure so that is one reason why work is done before winter. Even in that trench they were not trained for this situation but utility crew leader should of understood how important that connection was
Please look into the Evansville Indiana gas explosion.. it was in my town 3 people died, many injured and an entire street destroyed. Centerpoint gas and energy covered up their mistakes leading up to the explosion.
Google is doing the same thing as Cable did 30 years ago. They offered cable for a fee and get commercial free. But then after they get the consumer hooked, they start adding in commercials, and before you know it, you are paying for all night commercials.  One more scam.
Thanks Grady for covering another story I can directly relate to.  I was mapping lines in Western Mass when this happened.  It changed workers mood instantly even though they were not directly involved. I heard that some of the really older systems run at an even lower pressure, and can’t handle current distribution pressures.  So to make it more complicated, there are areas with 3 different pressures of lines.   Since the event in the other side of the state, I found it strange that my house and a few other neighbors who might be knowledgable about the gas system were the first to get their meters updated and moved out of the basement.
With all those fires I bet the water distribution system was maxed to the limits trying to supply water to fight those fires!
I was born and raised in Lawrence. Specifically in the neighborhood where majority of the explosions happened. I moved to SC three months prior to this event happening.
Oh boy. I feel so much safer knowing that a government engineer is overseeing big gas projects. The same government engineers that overseen the big dig. You know, the ones that said it's okay to ankor the ceiling tile bolts with epoxy? They were never held accountable, but the epoxy maker was.
In the 2yrs of that project the regulator department should of been onsite and pit opened with gauges attached. They would of never let management forget about static lines that is how important they are. The one thing that kills me is the regulator guys were not informed of progress on that project. That was a deliberate attempt to stop long standing practices but rely on technology
This wasn't on the news because, the news only covers politics now.
Thank you for making this video. I used to live on one of the affected neighborhood, it was wild, I remember everyone evacuating and many leaving their car behind because of how inaccessible the roads became and trying to find a place to stay over night as many hotel where full capacity.
It's amazing the difference in pressure that exists in gas transmission pipes.  One time I stopped a yard forklift driver from yanking on an s shaped 15 foot pipe sticking out of the ground.  Yeah I called the gas company and it the feeder line to an old gas meter to a house that was there 50 or so years ago...it was still charged and obviously still strong.
When this happened, the first thought I had was "See.  I told you this was a bad idea."  I have never understood why anyone would want to have such a deadly substance purposely piped into their home.  Even my house has a gas water heater and a gas furnace.  Drives me nuts.  If I ever have the opportunity to replace them with electric options, I will.
I have worked in job environments where asking questions was discouraged. My supervisor's attitude was, "If it isn't in our scope of work it isn't our concern." I caught many problems by asking questions. I saw many others miss things because they were too focused on only the scope of the project.   Everyone make mistakes. When we insist on not helping other prevent mistakes things get bad.
“Here’s how the sensing lines control the pressure” “Anyway the sensing lines were on the old line” Me: OH, OH NO
I've reached the conclusion that purposely piping highly explosive gas directly into residences is INSANE. People in the future.will think we were all idiots for doing it...
*_This fire brings back vivid memories...._*  I saw the huge gasoline pipeline in Bellingham Washington State in 1999. It was spectacular but also deadly. 3 people died, 2 were young kids playing near the creek flooded with gasoline. At first glance, it looked like aircraft had crashed or maybe a tanker   delivery truck.  Link to article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympic_pipeline_explosion
This is why you do HazID and HazOp reviews. Shocking that no stamp was required.
what an incredible oversight !
Is there a design flaw with the pilot valve?  It seems from the diagram that it will try to maintain it's set point as quickly as possible regardless of the deviation and it will not limit how far it will go to restore the set point up to its own physical limit nor will it limit how long it tries.   A downstream rupture, it seems would also result in  maximizing  flow to the downstream branch.  Jumping the advertising shark at the end.  1977 Tenerife accident has be covered so thoroughly, one might wonder what Yet Another Tenerife Airport Disaster could possibly bring to light.
The NCSB conclusion seems a bit too self-interested to me. There's no reason why we can't both train gas line crews to check this sort of error and still require greater engineering oversight.
12 years ago something similar happened in Fairport Harbor Ohio
Oil company wanted to drill on my property I said no I control everything gas generation electric generation water
Your sponsor frustrates me.  I had Nebula but downloading and watching later did not work.  This is needed because the interface is had to browse and discover and favorite or playlist   The inconvenience was compounded by the lack of customer support.   Please move to float plane.
The most important fact was in the deposition of workers in the regulator department. These are the most seniority guys and know the system inside and out. The were all off hour going to get something to eat when beeper went off. Sirens everywhere and they call dispatch. They are told the system is overpresurerisd and what do they say. They have no idea what regulator pit was being worked on on where. They were never in the loop. A decade before they would of been there and also updated regularly. More to it
The thing that bothers me the most is that we are still so reliant on natural gas because the utility companies and the government refuse to construct a robust electrical grid.
Most of those states still do not require a certified professional to do those dangerous job… and in the New England area it took a LAW to require it… I’ll never understand why massive damage and lives lost have to happen before we do OBVIOUS needed changes…
I have actually only made 1 video on this incident. The picture is cropped wrong but the story is factual. It couldn't be seen for over a year even though made days after. Since then I have read every document in the report. The real issue was made by upper management making certain changes to long standing practices. Giving upper management jobs to people only qualified on paper instead of in house progression. The contract crew did absolutely nothing wrong and company rep was not trained on this situation. This all could of been avoided if they knew what to do at that very moment and picture shows what they had
I remember that. Called my sister to make sure she was all right. Thankfully she was not affected.   Engineering disaster? If you're looking for a whole darned series, try the big dig LOL Loved watching those tiny little waterfalls EVERYWHERE
I am a contractor for a company that installs and repairs gas lines. Shortly after the reports came out with a cause, the higher ups mandated several changes to procedures for hot taps and tie ins. It was a rough start, now double checking plans, flow maps, and gauges before, during and after is second nature.
When I was looking at the diagram, I started thinking to myself, "wait, the sensing lines might be cut off; I hope they thought of that". Then when I realised the management and engineering of that company didn't think of that, I started thinking to myself "gosh, I hope they built a known weak point into the system, so that any overpressure is most likely to cause a failure at the weak point rather than in people's houses". But I knew, based off the preamble that that wasn't a thing that happened.
Tldr @8:20
the real crime is I live not far away in NY and never heard about this. my town will never install this type of system due to the mountains but its still pretty scary
I lived in Merrimack valley during this. Oddly, inspections and requests to enter peoples homes are still being made by the city of Lawrence. Edit after watching:  Not only were we left without Gas after being allowed to return home. We were also without power, and for a short period; We were also left without water. For months after the disaster we were dealing with city workers and service workers just entering homes. No knocking, no home owner contact; just hearing noises in your basement to be greeted by people working when you went to inspect the noises. On top of all that for about 6 months after the disaster there were many gas leaks reported at homes (mine included) which resulted in our services being disconnected yet again, as well as underground leaks being detected under roadways.
Why do we never see this kind of stuff in the UK? Why do crazy engineering incidents happen in the USA - the most litigious country in the world?
That pronunciation of "Winthrop" is killing me
not Win-throp
It’s amazing only one person died from this.
A similar incident was in San Bruno, CA in 2010. That would be another interesting one to do, although you could do a whole series on PG&E and all the incidents they have caused, the San Bruno one included.
Regulators!!!!
yay for being 15 on trending!
The NTSB investigated? I never would have thought this would be under their umbrella.
I live in Methuen, my buddy and his father (who works for the NA DPW) were living on Main St. in North Andover when his father heard the first explosions, and immediately shut the outside gas valve off and sprinted to every neighbor's house he could, shutting off the main valves. Mr. Starkweather is a hero, I'd like to think that most of Main street was saved because of him.
Blah... It seems like a mistake and should have been treated as a mistake.
Somewhere there was an employee who warned management. And was ignored.
gotta say, if 1 dead and 2 dozen injured is the WORST natural gas disaster in US history, yall are doing a great job, thank you for your service. like, its a shame that any such disaster happens, but if that's the worst, I'll consider it a job well done on the whole
Classic oopsie doopsie
Living in a rural area, anyone who has gas has LP, typically with a large above-ground tank near the edge of their property.  While I can't speak for the individual safety of all these independent systems primarily overseen by a homeowner/gas-company alliance, it does eliminate the possibility of common-mode failure overwhelming a community.  I am curious what the qualifications are for gas company technicians in my area - though we don't have gas at our house, most farms nearby do.  I'd hate to see a situation like Ghent, WV. https://youtu.be/JzdnUZReoLM
What a great deep dive video. You have a way of explaining things that really gets to us as an audience. Thank you so much for making these types, and others, of videos.
Moral of the story stop using plastic for everything
I remember discussing this immediately after the NTSB released the information about it.    I’m an Instrumentation and Electrical Technician for a major pipeline company.   We discussed this in a safety meeting even though we don’t operate low pressure systems.    This video was so good that I might show it in this month’s safety meeting.
When this happened I was a freshmen Civil Engineering student at Merrimack College in North Andover. I remember when classes resumed the following Monday morning. The entire eng 1000 class discussion suddenly changed to pipe pressure that day. Fortunately the community stepped up to take care of the displaced and make sure Columbia gas was held accountable for its missteps.
Thanks for covering this I remember this story very vividly as I know people who live up in that area.  It was a disaster.   Anyone who knows New England knows that after the first weeks in September it starts to get cold quickly especially at night and with no heat and electricity it made for tough living.   These people who lived there were resilient and did what needed to be done.  Amazingly the whole system was rebuilt In probably record time.
I choose to believe that somewhere nearby, a dad chose the exact moment before the explosions to make a "pull my finger" joke
Wow.  I wasn't aware this event took place.  As always, great explanation and coverage of a tragic and horrific engineering snafu
Crazy thing is that I live in MA, and I never even heard about this happening.   Granted, I'm in western MA, but still.....
Just imagine how many people looked at the plans and didn't realize that the plans included improper connections (or, if the plans included proper connections, then how many people looked at the current progress and didn't realize they skipped those parts of the plan), including the on-site supervisor overseeing the entire project.
As you said, I (as a consumer of natural gas) has no idea that the distribution network could be susceptible to an overpressure event like this. This is a whole new reason for me to feel uneasy about the natural gas supply to my home! In particular, I had NO idea that supply lines were so much higher pressure than the distribution network. The fact that the distribution network is not required to have emergency overpressure mitigations that can withstand the worst probable case (supply pressure gets into the distribution network) is extremely alarming.  Why can't the distribution network just have overpressure break disks + flares (perhaps at a safe height?)?
First off, I admit, I did not take the time to read the umpteen pages of previous comments. So bare with me if I repeat someone else's comment. Being retired from a utility, I can tell you that the workers in the trench receive the absolute bare minimum training to perform their job. Management considers "excess training" (understanding the details of your job) to be a waste of money that cuts into management's bonuses. I witnessed this for 38 years. It's likely these workers were relatively new hires with little experience. If they were well experienced, I'll wager that they'd run into this very situation more than once. They would have recognized the hazard of the poor job planning and halted the job before work began. I admit, it's very rare for any job (even a well planned job) to ever run from start to completion as planned, without the need to stop and make adjustments along the way. But this was a major F up, overlooked by many people! I suspect the biggest contributing factor to this accident was inadequate training provided to all workers involved, inadequate training for the field workers as well as the engineers.
Speaking of gas explosions, there was one on april 14 2023 in Berlin Massachusetts that unfortunately claimed the life of one woman, and injured another. As a current Masshole, im sensing a trend with us and natural gas
The fact that Columbia Gas got away with a slap on the wrist (they merely had to pay a fine and then leave the state), and no people were punished or held accountable, shows that there is no justice and no accountability.
I am pretty sure the music cuts out at 2 min mark ish.
Love your videos, would you mind doing another similar one on Atmos Energy in Texas? specifically Dallas, Texas? I think they’ve blown up like 3 houses so far and killed multiple people (there’s a few incidents)
4:35 why does the audio get weird here? Especially on the word "feet"? This has been going on for some time now - at least for the last several videos. Is it compression artifacts?
A really good video - an interesting situation, explained clearly and simply.  You have definitely found your vocation.
what a terrible clusterf*ck this was :O fantastic video
This is why ALL utilities should be state owned, run, and operated with no exceptions. Private corporations should not be allowed to supply utilities in the USA. Power, gas, water - they should be state owned and operated and paid for by taxes individual users. Free statewide utilities and a competent oversight board of properly certified engineers would have prevented this and every other utility based disaster,  including the Texas power failures from winter weather. Private corporations should be illegal for basic needs, food, shelter, medical care,  education,  and utilities.  Problem solved.
Well people kind of have a vote on it.... STOP ELECTING REPUBLICANS WHO CUT REGULATIONS
There's a natural gas explosion every day...in your mom's bathroom.
I am very lucky that my street in the middle of everything never had gas mains running to it.
I didn't even hear about this disaster. Anyway, very informative video.
this is why electricity is so much nicer.
Did any of the responsible engineers go to prison for this?
Thanks Grady. I know Mass is eliminating natural gas installation in new homes (sorry if you covered this), which is unfortunate because it truly is more dependable than electricity in many emergency circumstances, and likely cheaper. Most electrical generators use a NG backup. That should be telling, not to mention it is a domestic product that up until recently provided the US with energy independence. I won't hide my disgust at the way our current administration has sold us all out to the people we import oil from now.
I don't live far from there in NH and had forgot about it til now. I now remember it happening though. Great report Grady
Massachusetts resident here. This was HUGE news. I remember seeing dozens of houses on fire, and blown apart houses. Massachusetts is such a quiet and safe state so this really rocked us. The company that bought out Columbia Gas is called Eversource and they seem to be taking things exceptionally seriously, which is good to see.
The 3D model had no sense of scale so I was shocked when the photo showed how small it was. I imagined it being 50 cm in diameter.
And family members who have gas lines in their house think it's insane to have two 250 gal tanks of diesel in the basement for the winter. Because it's dangerous.
ve very careful with that tube or it could explode if you try hard enough. xD
What a great overview! Thank you for your clarity
PE licenses mean almost nothing in a utility company context.  Most experienced  (degree holding) utility engineers have far more knowledge and experience than the PE's who work for the consulting firms across town when it relates to utility processes and procedures.  Obviously, something went wrong here, but I don't have any reason to believe that someone having a PE would have prevented it.  And just because someone is licensed, doesn't mean they won't overlook obvious issues.  See, Hyatt skywalk collapse as an example.
I think most of the US infrastructure is terrible until something bad happens lol.
From doing hobby level electronics I assumed you were going to say essentially that they needed a "fuse" on the low pressure side. Aka have the low pressure system built to withstand say 200% of it's expected pressure and a safe release point (a flare stack?) that releases gas at 150% of the rated pressure so puppies don't break at random points when there is excessive pressure.
And that’s why you use a heat pump and an electric stove folks.
Joe Biden is going to take away your natural gas. No more problems 🙄. Politics aside, natural gas is by far the most reliable utility we have. Internet: fails often. Electricity: fails several times a year. Phone: fails regularly with connection drops and slow data. Natural gas: has never failed, ALWAYS WORS. Hard to fault a perfect system.
This is the first I've ever heard of this. Great video though, keep the quality content coming.
PSI = Pounds Per Square Inch PSIG = Pounds Per Square Inch Gauge PSIA = Pounds Per Square Inch Absolute PSID = Pounds Per Square Inch Difference PSEPSI =
I don't understand, if the sensing line is capped off, the gas has no where to go so wouldn't it over pressure the pipe causing the regulator to read higher pressure in sensing line? As oppose to reading lower pressure, making it pumped in more gas?
I think usa should reconsider natural gas entirely
I was just reading about the tmi-2 nuclear accident and was wondering why an automatic valve was called a pilot operated valve, thanks for explaining it :) great video
Would the correct solution be *new* pressure regulation systems? You'd need to monitor both the old and new lines until abandonment of the old line.
As an engineer in oil & gas, thank you for touching on one of the most important industries for reliable cheap energy over the last 100+ years. Hope to see more.
Thank you for shedding light on this incident.  Also thanks to all the gas workers all around the country who signed up to help repair the entire cities infrastructure.
Thank you for treating this YouTube video. I did not know of this accident. In the city where I live, there is a section of houses that have low pressure gas piping and it’s only about 7 inches of water column. The same kind of failure mode could occur there as well. I’m glad I’m aware of this now. Thank you.
The whole job should have been GEMBA walked the whole way through. People asking "what will happen when we perform this operation?" Might have gotten engineers to think a little harder before they hit the go button.
Another great presentation. Retired Quality Manager here. Power plant and refinery construction and major maintenance. Nuclear and fossil. Your video clearly shows the importance of P&ID’s and isometric drawings that I used in design review.
I don't want an absence of an algorithm - I want an algorithm tuned to maximize my enjoyment (or however you want to call it) instead of maximizing ad revenue. In other words, an algorithm that considers me a customer, not a product to sell.
Great video big man!
Completely forgot about this. One of the weirdest days of my life for sure. All of the roads were eerily quiet and I clearly recall a massive aid center that had been created in a parking lot just in case of mass casualties.   Eerily foggy that night as well
It would be easier to understand if you show the pressure sensing lines in the same diagram as the cut pipes.
One would have thought that the downstream pipe should have had multiple overpressure vent valves to protect against regulator failure. It takes multiple layers of bad engineering to make a mishap into a disaster. Each of those overpressure valves should have an alarm circuit that triggers closure of upstream valves to prevent further flow of gas into the system.
What happened is I'm glad I didn't buy the first house we wanted 9 away save our lived
Control Room Operator here, this is why in Australia we use Slam Shuts as a third layer of protection, However in this case this still would have occurred as the sense lines were incorrectly configured, sad and avoidable disaster! an engineering oversight with huge consequence.
electric stoves
Did anyone go to prison?
Hey, I just got a job recently as a compliance engineer with a natural gas utility! I got to learn all about this because it directly informs some of our operations and maintenance procedures.  Low pressure (LP) systems are a headache, and old cast iron mains more generally. Our biggest capital project right now is replacing all of them with steel or polyethylene. Typically in our system (and I assume it's common elsewhere), the distribution lines right up to the house are medium pressure (~25 psig) and the regulator is on the meter set which brings it down to ~1/4 psig.  Also because of this event we now install excess flow valves (EFVs) on *all* lines we repair or install. EFVs trip like breakers if the flow through them exceeds a certain value, so if a line with an EFV is compromised it effectively shuts itself off at the main (it still leaks slowly, but we can come fix it before it becomes a real problem).  Also it wasn't mentioned specifically (and may be obvious), but the reason the second regulator is set to a slightly higher pressure than the first is so that you know if the primary regulator fails - it shows up on SCADA as an abnormal (but, importantly, still safe) pressure downstream. Ours are set to 30 psig, I believe, instead of the typical 25. Thanks for the video Grady!
Minor point: Given that many pipelines run "high" pressures in the 300-450 psig range, it would make more sense to refer to "not-low" pressures with at-house regulators as "medium" pressure systems. This would better match up with how "bottled" gas is often described as well.
This happened close to my home. Thx for covering it!
What on earth is the NTSB doing investigating this?!?!  They don't even go to most aircraft accidents, but they mess with this?  It's ludicrous.  Certainly there should have been an investigation, but the NTSB is not the correct agency.
Thank you for clarifying the root cause of this incident. Ma media basically said it was a faulty regulator.
SEDRFGHIO
Grady, Thank you for this! I live about 20 minutes from this area in E. MA and have family in North Andover (but who were not affected). Paul (in MA)
Ngl, I am so glad our house is completely electric (electric hot water, electric induction cooker). I hope to never live in a house or unit that uses gas for either of those things.
What I was shocked about in this video, was the amount of damage a gas explosion did to the homes. I'm a former firefighter and have responded to plenty of gas explosions. Over here most houses are made of bricks, and the windows and doors are the weak links in the construction. When we had a gas explosion, most often it was either the front or the rear (wherever you had more windows) that was blown out, but the rest of the building would be standing. The shots in this video mostly showed collapsed houses where all 4 walls were blown out. But also with the fire, I'd rather work with brick buildings that are still standing than a pile of wood. Must have been a scary day for the firefighters.
Someone please dox the states that don't require a professional to oversee such projects
i'm really surprised you posted this video. i was one of the residents who got displaced when this occured. It was mayhem everyone of my neighbors house caught on fire but we were able to put out the fire. We didn't have a chance to wait for the firefighters so we did it ourselves as there was to many incidents of fires all over the city. The smell outside was like you were next to the gas pipeline while it was open, the smell was very strong. You felt like if you lit a match the air around you would just ignite. We were displaced for a few days but they didnt allow us to come back to our houses for a week. They only let us through walking in order to get our clothes etc.. everyone went to the surrounding hotels or family members, every hotel in a 20 mile radius was full. Once everything went back to normal we still didnt have gas for about a month. we had to electricity and water at least we could boil water in a pan and shower with that. it sucked
How the heck does this come under the purview of the NTSB?  An overabundance of competence?
Honestly just sounds like another great reason to do-away with natural gas in homes and switch to electric. Induction is superior for cooking anyway.
wow, I can't believe I've never heard of this. what an insightful video, good stuff!
Live in the area... My brother was terrified as he had natural gas living in North Andover
I work in Mass now surveying homes for solar. I've seen a TON of fire damaged attics in this area and had no idea about the gas fires until a customer explained it to me. Absolutely crazy.
You should do a mini-series on fire protection engineering in residential and commercial buildings.
I live right near Lawrence I remember when this all happened. Stuffed my cat in a grocery bag and ran out onto the street while my neighbors house burned
ONLY in America would there be an exemption for an engineer on something that requires serious oversight from an actual skilled engineer. lol How many bloody disasters does it take there, bridges fail, gas lines fail, powergrid fails, damns fail. Crazy.
A regulator - that's what those disc things on gas systems are?! I always wondered what those were!
The USA is messed up. Nearly every major disaster follows a lengthy history of business men and politicians crying about over regulation, striping oversight and boasting about improved efficiency and how each field should be self regulated. Then the inevitable happens and the government and insurance companies get stuck with a huge clean up bill. New laws get passed and the next decade is spent undoing those new rules until boom. Loop and repeat.
Living in nearby southern New Hampshire (20 minute drive away), I remember seeing so many of our local firefighters heading south to Massachusetts with urgency and an immense amount of bravery. The news reporting a cascade of homes exploding one after the other, I couldn't even begin to imagine the horror that everyone found themselves in. I cannot overstate the bravery and professionalism that first responders all over the region showed in the face of overwhelming danger - true guardians of our cities. Let us hope this never happens again.
It's absolutely insane that pressurized flammable gas systems like these don't require a PE sign off. The gutting of oversight and regulation in this country is ridiculous. This incident absolutely never should have happened
I lived this nightmare. it was scary, the anxiety was insane.
I listened to the Fire Dept. radio traffic for this incident on Broadcastify. It was really crazy.  Gary, IN & Burlington, IA had similar incidents in 1969.
It always has to go horribly wrong before anyone starts to seriously think about making it a law to fixi broken infrastructure or hiring competent people.
I saw this on the news the day it happened. The only info they really had was that the lines had a spike in pressure. I never learned the real cause until now.
it odd to not to check for rules when replace the pipe that has sensor on them. I can guess they forgot on the safely pressure knowing people do not check their manual and profit first.
It took a bit to understand what happened, but about 5 seconds before you explained how the disaster happened, it hit me and I thought... Oh no...   That's gonna be bad... then the pictures of people's homes destroyed... how horrible!!!    But don't we have gas regulators on our metering equipment?  It looks that way on my system...  I have PG&E Pacific Gas and Electric in the SF Bay Area and it looks like it...  Are we vulnerable to this, will our meter save us?
Why don't the pilot regulators have a limit setting to stop the possibility of releasing full upstream pressure? A drop of pressure to zero obviously means that there is a serious break in the pipe. Or did they have this limiter but the lowest pressure still was too much for a PVC pipe?
Scary to know a single failure in a far off corporation with no ability to be regulated cokw and the nature is a break from a friend group of guy who has a very good artist as a writer who is very talented in his work with his own policy because he has been a disaster in the room of a single man and a sentient for a while and it is significantly more difficult for the Krungthai to get a better economy and a sentient of a single rare opportunity to get a second dream job has a very beautiful and very exciting opportunity
I'm surprised these systems didn't have separate over pressure protective devices.
I'll never have gas any place I live if I can help it. Not worth the tiny chance of blowing up at any random minute.
Did you just say that the event you are speaking of is the worst natural gas explosion in U.S history? May I raise an objection to this statement?? On March 18th, 1937 in New London, Texas, a natural gas explosion killed about 300 students and teachers at the New London School. It was a horrible event and one of the reasons that NG companies put that nasty smell in natural gas so you can detect a leak. Today, a memorial stands nearby. To me, that is the worst natural gas explosion in U.S History.
How about just using electric devices instead of friggin gas in your home?
Excellent analysis as always!
The scariest part is how a bad actor could exploit this to intentionally cause mayhem
In middle school and high school, the town that I lived in had about 4 or 5 seperate gas leak incidents.  As far as I am all of the were road/sidewalk construction where shallow buried lines that was pulled up when the concrete or asphalt was pulled up. 2 of them lead to a house a piece being blown up when there was a nearby flame.
For some reason, I could listen to Grady describe how some terrible thing happened and what could have been done to prevent it all day. Probably my favorite content on this channel!
I lived ~15 miles from that when it happened. Saw the smoke; it was wild. Nobody expects the exploding gas inquisition!
Why call it "Natural Gas" when it's mostly Methane?
I think this is a good subject for Pliny difficult channel
Boy did I love How it's Made...I even got my ex-wife to watch it 🤣
I really appreciate this video, Grady! As someone who lived very close to this disaster, the news didn't exactly shed the best light on how this actually happened. Your explanation made it very straight-forward! If memory serves me right, that dark blue home at 9:54 was actually owned by a firefighter, who saw it on fire and could do nothing about it because he already had to respond to other fires that were reported before his. It's amazing--and shocking--how one small mistake caused so much damage and changed the lives of many.
My sister was living just a few blocks north of this regulator, in the Washington Mill apartments just across the Merrimack River. Fortunately the gas system doesn't cross the river anywhere near here, so she was isolated from the direct effects, but she did lose power and was evacuated for 3 days. It was absolutely terrifying for all of us to hear about, and even more so for her to live it. Thank you for this video.
That's what I like to call a Whoopsie.
Im in the industry in MA and this was a perfect video explaining this ordeal. Very nice job, love your videos
just like electric natural gas is a very critical resource and if it gets disrupted  during the winter  many people will not have heat .  only those with propane and electric would still have heat.  i think pressure cut offs should be built in the meter so if the pressure goes up too quickly and too high the meter would trip and slam into lockdown requiring a reset.  gas rushing through the line could cause static build up causing a source of fire.
Why is this under the NTSB's purview? Natural gas falls under "transportation"?
I drove by that gas job on Market st. Lawrence 2 hours before it happened. The kid in the hole had a blue hard hat on, I'll never forget it. I own a contracting company that worked with Columbia gas from time to time and they were pretty decent to work with. Goes to show negligence can happen at any level and affect thousands unintentionally. It was a wild watching national grid cut the power to north andover, Andover and Lawrence. You could see the individual grids going down.
That's exactly why I have such big respect for people who work with huge and complex systems like this. You basically need to know exactly where all the pipes (that aren't somehow isoloated from each other) go and how they are connected with each other. Ofc there are plans and documentation, but this accident shows how horrible the consequences can be if you are wrong.
But doesn't each home have it's own 1 or 2 psi regulator? Sorry for the dumb question
your supposed to be a engineer, and you call national gas a fossil fuel. you may want to go back and learn the truth.
I've been playing a little game with myself lately: How fast can i identify what's this add for. So far you're the record holder. I've noticed a segue on 14:27, then it took me about 10 seconds to start asking myself if you're promoting your own/someone else's video or..? At 14:51 I've summarized that I'm watching a prolonged endorsement of a video... => Nebula.  1) No reason to go into so much detail while praising something unless it's paid. 2) It's a video. ===> Streaming service. => Nebula. 24 seconds... Well done sir. My average is about 3s (Not counting adds that begin with the name of the product/company.).  P.S. I don't mind them paying you, but i wonder the logic of repeatedly spending money to shout "We exist" in a crowd that can, by this point, anticipate it by a particular shuffling of your clothes before you do that... Do they think that frequency of me hearing thouse adds, somehow gonna change the fact that i don't need their product? 😐 I'm not anti-adds, I just genuinely don't understand the repetition part.
Why were they ever exempt??   Let me guess, republicans protecting the "free market" (i.e. corporate interests/profits).
Some industrial logic controllers that play a vital part in system saftety  have 2 CPUs doing the same calculation. Importantly the two CPUs come from two different manufacturers and always have to agree on whatever calculation they are doing. This is to avoid a common mode error because of errors in the chip itself which could happen at the same time if two of the same CPUs were used.
I size and sell control valves, relief valves and other instruments and I am shaking my head at them not having an actual relief valve protecting the piping in case of a regulator failure. Wow.
so there's a difference between "inches of water" and "pressure head", then? Because when you described that inches of water measurement, I've always known it as, let's give your 12 inch example, the pressure exerted by a water column of 12 inches on its base. But now, I went on wikipedia -- the article needs love, btw, for anyone knowledgeable on this subject -- inches of water is the force exerted by a column of water 1 inch high at a given height??? Help!!!
Polyethylene needs to be banned in drinking water piping. There are hundreds of toxic constituents that leach from PE.
Glad to see they put the guilt on the engineering, and not the workers for once.
AMERICA FUCYEA!
You mentioned 31 states have PE license exemptions, which are they?
Why on earth is an incident like this NOT being talked about more? Terrifying situation - and all because of what some folks would deem "just a small mistake." Not so small a mistake in reality!
Awesome coverage of the event.  A PE stamp is not going to make the workers follow the drawing/design, it simply creates a means for fingers to be pointed.  As mentioned, they knew the right design, someone just didn't ensure the design was properly applied before taking the next steps.
Aside from the main error which caused the accident, this sounds like another example of people not understanding basic probability - that redundant systems (in this case 2 pressure sensors, monitor and worker) are only redundant if they operate independently. If they're both vulnerable to the same failure mode, then they're no longer independent and thus no longer redundant.  Other examples include:  - The Space Shuttle Challenger, where they were having trouble with exhaust gases in the solid rocket boosters escaping past O-ring seals, so they added a third O-ring. Completely overlooking that factors which caused two O-rings to fail (like low temperature) could also cause the third O-ring to fail.  - The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, where they had something like a dozen backup generators in case the plant ever lost electrical power for its cooling pumps. Only 5-7 generators were needed to provide sufficient power to cool the plant, and the rest were for redundancy. But they placed all the generators and diesel fuel in the same basement thereby voiding that redundancy. So when the tsunami flooded the basement it wiped out all their generators and fuel simultaneously, precipitating the disaster. Putting half the generators and fuel at a different location at a different altitude could have prevented the whole thing.  - Backing up your computer data on an external drive, then storing it in a drawer right next to your computer. If your house burns down, you will lose both the backup and the original data on the computer. After you backup your data, you should store the backup drive somewhere else. Like in your drawer at work. (This is the main reason I now advocate cloud backups, even though there are still legitimate privacy concerns. It's less hassle than shuffling a backup drive between two locations.)
I honestly thought the gas meter had a built in regulator...
I was working site work in Andover then and I remember how crazy and extensive the damage was
McDonald, Ohio had something similar happen in the 90's or 80's
im glad i dont work for that gas company...
Fun fact: I had to reroute one of my drivers away from the area because a 53' trailer cubed out with pallets is tinder and we weren't sure if this was an ongoing issue 😂
Sooo… the problem was with the Monitor vs. the Merrimack?
I'm a PE in the Stormwater field. When you said PE oversight was not required for natural gas, I was dumbfounded.
For the record, the plane that was already on the runway was at fault for the Tenerife disaster, not the plane that entered the runway.
I worked on a pretty fascinating case in the 90s when I used to do trial graphics and animation. A local radio station blew up after a wild string of events. The metal grid under an electrical sub station was electrified from a bird strike, the grid arced to and old out of service gas line, which was in contact with a water main, the water main arced to an in-use gas line more than a block away, burning a hole in the line. Gas leaked into the basement of the radio station. Somehow that gas was touched off. The DJ working that day was pretty severely burned. It was determined that the gas line and water main were built too close to each other allowing the arc.
The Boston greater area has a disturbing history of gas overpressure issues. You should look up the East Boston gas surge of Sept 23, 1983.
One thing I've noticed you do that I really like, is that you mention the date and location of the event both before and after you describe it. That way, I have the context I need going into the intro, and get reminded in case I forgot when going into the actual main section. And I _do_ forget, because your intros always flow so well and I just get interested in the subject matter and the substantive points, not the secondary facts strewn about throughout.
I live nearby and watched this unfold on the local news.  When fires appeared all over the area it was apparent that they had over pressurized the gas system.  People reported stove pilot lights shooting flames out/up several feet.  Every gas stove, heater, water heater and clothes dryer in the area had to be replaced, as did most of the underground piping and meters.  The person that was killed was a teenage boy who had just received his driver's license.  He was in a driveway and was crushed by a chimney when the house blew up (see @13:50).
Fascinating video as always! But the audio is a bit strange -- sounds kind of hissy and echoey?
Thank you for producing this. This is a good summary of the event and its cause. It was truly a horrendous day. I grew up several houses away from the burning house depicted at 9:28. It is hard to capture the chaos surrounding this. The contemporary radio reports were not exactly helpful. There was a lot of confusion. I remember it was very hard to move around town as power was cut off leaving traffic lights inoperable with people being told they had to evacuate (though I didn’t know it at the time) and all driving in the direction opposite I was heading to get to my home. I finally reached it and eventually heard police traveling down the street and announcing general evacuation. I ended up at my sister’s house several towns away and even hours later I could hear sirens on I-495 as mutual aid poured in constantly. I had friend that lives closer to Boston and he told me that I-93 was the same way for hours that evening with siren after siren.  Having lived through it and it’s aftermath shows what was needed as the NTSB pointed out was a competent engineering team and checklists to guide the review process. I’m an engineer and sat the licensing exams and can say a PE stamp in and of itself would not necessarily have prevented this despite the NTSB recommendation. It can’t hurt and places the engineer stamping the plans in legal jeopardy so they might be a bit more thorough if their professional ethics were not enough.  Beyond the engineering aspect of this, other systems that people depend on worked well with Governor Baker taking charge and bringing needed resources to bear with no delays in the days that followed. The mutual aid system worked admirably and the help from dozens of cities and towns from up to 75 miles away was really appreciated. No city or town could staff or equip an emergency fire response to handle this and, since adjacent towns were affected, a much larger regional response was called on and worked.  I have a much better understanding now of the impacts of these sort of rare but catastrophic events that I read or see videos about after going through something like this. Your video had me reliving that day even though it is now 4.5 years ago. One personal thing that sticks in my mind was later looking at my Apple Watch’s record of my pulse rate from that day as I attempted to get back to my home only to have to leave and seeing it showed I was in “fight or flight mode” for several hours
As someone who lives in the area impacted, your coverage of this incident was excellent, Grady!
That’s why you go union.
Thanks for providing the link to the Nebula video you mentioned! I'm subscribed to Nebula, but I tend to watch everything on youtube anyway.  The CDN and subscription mechanism on YouTube are better and ad-blocks are good enough.  (As an example, sometimes when I watch a Nebula video at triple-speed, the buffer runs out.  This doesn't happen on YouTube.)
How on earth did they not have pressure relief valves in various locations on the low-pressure distribution pipes?
When I saw the number of house/buisness, holycrap. Truly a miracle that only 1 person died
The Tenerif accident is also well covered by Mentour Pilot. He does an excellent job describing the issues, and what could have / should have been done better.
How do large infrastructure projects get a handle on missable errors like this? You can’t automate everything, but it’s impossible to expect humans not to make mistakes
Feeney bros construction and Columbia gas... The ticking time bomb of Lawrence mass
I remember watching this on cbs Boston during the disaster. Truly horrific
Meth lab
I was kind of surprised the NTSB would be tasked to investigate this, but it does make sense. The confusion is tied to their name: the National Traffic Safety Board. They're usually involved in things like airline/aircraft industry, Busses, Commercial Trucking, Boats, etc. But, if anyone has the tools, expertise, and culture to investigate an incident and get to the heart of the matter, it would be them.
It’s always wild when you happen to cover something I actually know just enough about to anticipate what happened. When you got to the pilot regulators I just had this gut wrenching moment of “Oh . . . *oh no.”*
Why aren't there sensors all over the network to detect overpressure and shut it down?
I'm amazed I never heard about this. What a catastrophe!
I was working in Andover, MA when this happened. Many of my coworkers homes were affected and had to stay in hotels for several weeks during the recovery. Great to finally see the details of the cause. I've been a subscriber to your channel and always enjoy your videos. Especially apreciate this one.
I always wondered what caused the propain plant explosion in Toronto Ontario Canada
How do you attach the initial u shaped pipe to an exisiting pipe under pressure? Or add in those balloons? Is the gas stopped during that operation?
What happened to the awesome intro song? It always got me hyped for the video, but noticed it's started with a mellow less exciting song :P
I live in Massachusetts I was working that day in the ER south of the city. We thought it was a retrofit attack.
12" is propane. NG pressure is much lower
Imaging a terrorist or similar using this technique to create havoc in a country. Seems like it would be an easy way to make an attack, as all they need is to gain access to the pipes :O
My brother was a cop in Lawrence at the time and he almost lost consciousness pulling someone out of a house who themselves had lost consciousness in their basement due to gas build up.
as always, the production quality of this video is outstanding. this is the perfect balance of technical explanation, assessment, and political/impact discussion. very well done.
This happened not far from me...by far the most easily understood explanation and it only took 5 years to make sense of it...thank you PE for telling us what the utilities would not
It was just in the city of Lawrence the Merrimack valley is a whole region quite a few towns so your title is innaccurate
As a nuclear engineer, once you  mentioned that the sensing lines were coming from the same pipe I was like "What the hell? Why even bother putting two lines at this point, when they are comming from the same place." Redundancy, diversification, separation and elimination of common mode failure are basic rules of any safety critical design. And the fact that there is no overpressure protection is just plain weird.  Also, the fact that you can realise a design without engineer approval is absolutely unbelieveable... Land of the free am I right?
got to 1:51 then paused so im going to guess that old system had numerous leaks and the new didnt so when they sent over pressured to account for the leaks through new system it popped
The practical demonstrations of concepts  on this channel used to be superb. Blowing on a water liquid tubbing is way under par compared to your older videos
A PE stamp on a new system design is a good idea. But your issue is the procedures for the Tie in an subsequent pressure monitoring. This is best done by people with field experience and familiarity with the various regulators in the system. I did not read the report but was there system relief valves at regulator? Some of this can be attributed to out dated regulator system and subsequent enforcement by the state utility commission on regulator inspection.
Yeah, in glad i no longer live in a house with gas. I instead get heading from spill heat from a garbage burning facility 😊
Thanks for this man, I was one of the residents in this and  it was really unbelievable that something like this was happening. Only settled in after couple of days to understand the new reality!
15:54 the fact that you referenced Legal Begal as an example of "educational content" makes me doubt your ability to evaluate the competency of experts in other fields
How It's Made is great, you shut your mouth.  You're right about the rest.
They are literally upgrading the gas line right by house at this moment. They are just upgrading the size of the line when I talked to some workers about it.
Interesting you mention the worst aviation disaster.  The KLM Captain decided to takeoff without tower clearance.  The KLM 1st Officer could have stopped it; but he was so intimidated by the Captain he just sat and watched it unfold!!  Unimaginable!! ERAU 80 CFIA&I ret.
Man, this methaphorical guy puts his thermostats in some weird places.
So a valve logic problem. Oof thats like the most basic engineering competance one needs to work with fluid pipe systems.
Tike to ditch the gas 😮
Well, "a bad day at work" is the understatement of the century. Those poor technicians must have felt as if the world crumbled around them - same for the residents.... 😲
This is clearly a interstate commerce issue yet you say many States still don't require a licensed PE to oversee this extreemly dangerous activity.  Much like the recent train derail event!🎉
How is this the first I've heard about this. Are times really so crazy that a large town partially blowing up doesn't make the national and international headlines for weeks?
Those TV stations like Discovery, etc are in the saddest state of their existence. It's so unfortunate. I think i will give nebula a try.
This was my hometown!! Crazy times.
Why no pressure release, like a pressure cooker have? It would need to feed into some sort of burn off chimney tower, like oil fields have.
#9.6k👍💥💭🤔unbelievable!!😝
Checklist, Checklist, Checklist. NASA has a very well defined system of checklist functions, call outs and terms with multiple confirmation trees and the ability of ANYONE in the loop to call an abort (if you see something, say something).
Since each house has a regulator, how were houses damaged?  Were the supply lines leading up to those houses the ones that were bursting, but the lines after the house regulator were actually OK?
Regulate this.    "REGULATION IS BAD!!!!"  We can't function as a business!!"    Remove regulation.    DISASTER!.       Regulate this................
Yet another example of how neoliberal policies never work. Freer markets encourage cost-cutting, not better service.
or missing max limit on regulator output
And who paid for lost properties and buying electric heater, electric boilers and electric stoves plus extra electric bills that quickly adds because lack of gas for months? If I do everything with electric instead of gas, it probably add 10x cost to my electric bill. And here, probably nobody can pay 10x electric bill because people already pay good amount of their minimum wage to electric bills; 10x means almost all your wage goes to electric bill and nothing left for rent and grocery. lol
I remember hearing about this considering i live near it. But that was it and as usual the news forgot about it next disaster.
I just subscribed to every channel you shouted out, thank you!
Hey there, your videos are great and i love them, but just wanted to let you know it sounds like there’s an echo in the recorded audio at a few points in the video, section around 8:20 is a good example
Thanks. Another reason to stop using natural gas...
I would expect there would be some kind of relief valve in a low pressure system to prevent overpressure to reach domestic appliances.
That company probably didn't even have a billion dollars of insurance I never heard of a company having that much insurance I wonder how that all worked out
A city in the UK recently had an issue where a water leak caused water to get in the gas lines, less dangerous, but caused similar expensive damage to ~1000 residents.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022_Sheffield_gas_supply_outage
Thank you so much for covering this! As a resident of MA, it's been disappointing learning about what little publicity this received outside of the New England area versus how important it truly is. Let this be a stark reminder of why licensing exists.
Another great video, Grady!
Was the workers hand like gone after it blew off into his hand? I can't find anything about it and I hope he's ok.
Why in gas pipeline networks there are no devices like fuses in electrical grid? Something that in case of overpressure would be broken in specific way, to stop gas flow entirely.
High pressure to the door is how natural gas works here in most of Europe if I understand correctly. You get high pressure to your gas meter, then a regulator which lowers it to more manageable pressures. If you live in a apartment, then from the meters to each apartment it goes through at middle pressures and then each apartment has its own regulator when the gas line enters the house.
Considering how many leaks and resulting fires there were, The fact only 1 person died is actually insane.
Crazy to think that a system dealing with that much danger has no redundancy at all, while having a very clear and catastrophic failure mode!
It would have been nice to see a diagram when you were explaining why the sensing lines were isolated.
Very interesting, though I thought the explanation was a little too fast with maybe too much verbal  parts. Some visualisation/animation of the pressure differences in the system and the missing system would have helped me at least a lot.
I studied in control theory and work for a company that engineers and manufactures compressors and skids/containers for them + valves, regulators etc. Therefore this video is very interesting to me. I am just thinking... Why were there no safty / over pressure valves? Usually if something in the control of a gas system goes wrong, that leads to a overpressure valve or rupture disc opening. That is loud and you lose gas, but it's quite safe compared to this.
America still living in the past burning stuff in their houses. All electric is the future just like northen Europa
The lack of PE stamp is pretty shocking. I would have thought all utilities would require it not just government projects.
And people are mad that we want to get rid of natural gas appliances.
Interesting. I’m curious why we don’t have pressure relief valves at the houses or elsewhere along the low pressure lines to release elevated pressure in this type of situation.
Only in the USA
Excellent video, Grady. Indeed, my neighborhood had the old cast iron distribution lines replaced by polyethylene (PE) lines at high pressure. Not only do we have a regulator at each building, but new code requires the meters and valves to be on the exterior of the building...probably safer against potential leaks, and allowing the gas to be easily shut off. (It was a huge project...we had our storm and sanitary sewers separated for flood control, so much of the neighborhood got new sewers and new water mains as well as new gas lines while the streets were torn up). Also, Chicago had a similar pressure-related explosion disaster on January 17, 1992 in River West. That was the same year of the Chicago Flood (April 13), where old freight tunnels were punctured under the Chicago River, as well as the double-deck Michigan Avenue Bridge flipping upwards, catapulting a crane into the air (September 24). The flood was particularly interesting. I worked in River North, and I remember some people looking on with concern at a whirlpool in the river at the Kinzie bridge. I got to see much of the engineering effort to plug and dewater the tunnel every day on the way to and from work.
How many of you had the light bulb over your head at around 7:00 when the fact that the regulator sense lines where remote was Revealed
Did you change something about your mic for the talking head portions? It sounds like there is an echo. Still love the video and very informative. Thanks for all the work you put into these.
Just because you have a PE does not mean you are a competent/qualified engineer. It means you passed a test. Heck, there could be a PE Engineer signing off on natural gas drawings but said PE Engineer has no natural gas experience. Ask me how I know...
How is it possible to devise a construction plan without professional engineer? Who made such a plan if not an engineer? Janitor?
Thanks for yet another awesome video,  Grady. Well done.
If i have to get a pe stamp to put a dumbwait in a basement of a charity then I'd have hope residential gas pipelines would have required way more than that
Está claro, como más de una vez he dicho, que eso que hicieron de meter la cabeza bajo tierra hasta que no han aguantado más no ha funcionado. Estos cambios deberian haber empezado hace mucho, con más calma y tranquilidad. Está claro que hay que sacar eléctricos y permitir que se recabe información sobre su funcionamiento para mejorarlo, pero eso en tan poco tiempo es poco viable, no porque no se haya investigado y descubierto, sino porque no da tiempo a desarrollar un proceso industrial en condiciones. Los fósiles llegarán a su fin, es un hecho, y hay que hacer algo ya, pero tenía que haber empezado hace mucho mucho tiempo. Y a ver si de una vez se ponen las pilas para desarrollar más reactores de fisión de agua pesada a alta presión, para poder darle más uso al material residual de los reactores "estándar" y poder producir energía y a la vez reducir la cantidad de residuos y la vida media de aquellos que queden. Que parece mentira que esto en los 70 se buscara hacer y alguien pensara que era mejor dejar eso sin terminar de aprovechar...
Very dumb mistake wow. I would never expect something that amateurish.
So. I don't think it's reasonable to assume that the blame for this cannot be laid on one specific employee of Columbia. Can anybody here show good cause why that one person shouldn't be in prison right now?
Love these breakdown videos! Have you consider doing the San Bruno pipeline explosion? I read the report on that and it was pretty interesting
Wow. I completely missed this massive disaster.  Very informative video
This was very interesting and very understandable, thank you for providing us with superb educational videos!
I am really surprised by this episode! Mainly due to fact, that I do not understand how you can see thru glasses  (so dirty :D XD) I'm joking, good episode :) as always. Greetings from Poland :)
I'm from North Andover and one of the houses that burned down was only 3 houses down from me! This was truly a horrific event for the area, especially heading into late fall and some of winter with no heat or hot water.
I live in North Andover MA, one of the towns impacted by this.  Thankfully, my family was not impacted, but the day was very surreal.  Fires, power turned off, traffic from evacuations, school closures, schools turned into shelters were all experienced.  Thank you to all the firefighters and other first responders who helped that day.   And, Grady, thanks for making this video.  I never really understood the cause until now.
It is a blessing that more fatalities and injuries didn't occur.  "Experience keeps a dear school",  and we can be nice enough to forego the rest of that quote from Franklin.
The audio in this episode feels a bit off to me. I can almost hear another audio track, or someone talking very softly in the background.
I'm surprised I didn't know about this incident, especially during my HVAC classes two years later; given we do have systems that deal with gas. While not directly related, it is something that a person should be made aware of.   Regardless, this doesn't change my opinion that natural gas appliances are still better than electric (less burden on the power grid, which is why I wish I had a gas pipeline into my house, my energy bill is ridiculous)
I recognize that thermostat.
I remember many years ago (as in around 1969) and a house just blew up.  The called on my organic chemistry prof to help in the investigation.  He paraded with an evacuated cylinder coming back from the scene.  Turned out to be gasoline being washed from a gas station was being washed into the storm sewer which collected into a space going under a house and leaked up.  Occupant sat down to have a cigarette... and boom!.
High pressure gas delivery?  That's done!  UK have it We have regulators just before meters
Wait what? Gas infrastructure is/was except from requiring professional certification? I know the US is a low-regulation hellscape (no offense) but I was surprised by that 😅
This reminds me of the… Guadalajara gas explosion. Where a huge section of the city blew up all at once. 😬
guys, turns out Regulation and Oversight are good, actually. Whoops
imagine being one of the guys working on the pipe then you look up and see explosions in the distance, the feeling of horror
I enjoy your well thought out videos and research. Thanks
More legislation written in blood...
My first analysis job was a fatal blast analysis. It turned out it was deliberate; the home owners damaged their regulator and ended up killing their neighbors. The thought of that level of damage across an entire distribution system is absolutely chilling. Thanks for the rundown and letting us know that, at least in that region, PEs now have oversight on these systems.
it's ridiculous that the entire system had no backup relief valve. the most logical thing is putting a simple overpressure burst valve on the main line. it costs nothing and is passively safe.
5-7" water column for home service
I recently bought a home in Portland ME and most of my utilities are MA based, including my natural gas. The scariest aspect though is my hundred year old home requires four different heating systems to stay warm in the winter (Oil, Natural Gas, Electricity, and Wood); a similar incident in the winter would be absolutely devastating. And I have zero control or insight into my existing utilities though I will probably vote this November to purchase my electricity provider and turn it into a government entity. It will be safer and cheaper that way.
Hum, I thought that there was a regulator, just before the meter... Intresting.
Having one person be the guy giving the stamp feels like an easy scapegoat though.
When I'm watching LA Noir streams where was gas explosions investigations.
Shouldn't such systems have safety relief valves?
Another good reason to get away from fossil fuels.
Interesting video as always, but the audio on this one seemed WAY too quiet max volume and it still sounds like you're whispering.
I was there!  It was absolutely bizarre.  Columbia Gas 'sold their operations' because they got kicked out.
Grady, another great informative video, you are right, Nebula is a no-brainer, I have just subscribed. Thank you
How'd I never hear about this?
I would have thought that each house would have some sort of pressure relief on the meter or something. Scary stuff.
The biotic natural gas theory is nonsense. It's clearly abiotic. It's not a  fossil fuel.
And that’s why I don’t want gas pipes anywhere next to my house
Wouldn't it be sensible to install a pressure relief valve at the very output end of the facility to catch any error like this? A lot of bad things could happen in a central point that would still be better than blowing up an entire town.
I'm very surprised that there weren't basic overpressure valves downstream which would otherwise limit the pressure or "pop off" in the event of an overpressure event.
If there is an argument for abandoning natural gas, I feel like this is a pretty good one, beyond even the environmental argument
@14:30 Mentour Pilot did also a video on that disaster about a year ago.
Is that a new sound recording setup I hear?
I definitely remember this… being from mass this was a little nerve wracking thinking my house might just explode
Laughs in gas tank
I would love to see a video on the San Bernardino Pipeline explosion from 2010
I used to lament the fact that my house does not have natural gas. No longer. I’ve seen too many gas explosions on TV news. Not to mention the global warming effects from burning something and the air pollution in the home. My induction cooktop works great and my heat pump is efficient. It’s time to replace natural gas in the home.
Good.
I'm from Northeastern Massachusetts and was going to college in New Hampshire at the time. I don't think people understand how big this incident was, and the scale of the fire department response. The Newmarket fire truck in the picture is from about 50 miles away.    Also, to this day you can drive through Andover and Lawrence and see where every gas line was replaced. Eventually they'll repave all the streets, but for now it's still a bit haunting driving around there.
You should look into the natural gas explosion that happened August 2, 2019 in central KY. I live around 1 mile from that explosion.  I think you would find it pretty interesting.
Do you have a list of the 30+ states that don't require a licensed gas engineer to manage projects?  I'm in Washington state and am curious if the same could happen here; and I have a gas furnace.
It would be interesting for you to do a review of a natural gas explosion that happened in my area.  An underground storage cavern caught fire and lit up the night sky for at least 60 km. It was incredible.
Obviously, the entire panel of the NTSB investigating the incident is much more highly qualified than I am, but…coming from a gas worker in another NE state here.  1) We were told the control lines to the regulator station were damaged by another previous incident and the damage was not known. As a lessons learned for our own system, a new procedure was put in place such that any excavation occurring within 200’ of regulator station control lines had to be reported and overseen by an additional special inspector from the utility company itself- before the excavation was to take place. 2) Gas as a utility is over 100 years old. There is a hybrid of new and legacy systems out there that feed customers, depending on the history of the individual system. A cast iron main is a legacy pipe material and only suitable for low pressure systems. All downstream customers will have low pressure coming into their homes and those types of systems do not have regulators at the house or business.
Pressure and temperature are like magnetism and electricity
Dont put the termostat in the freezer, got it.
In my town a directional drilling crew installing fiber optics, punched a main gas line. This was in the summer when demand was low. They repaired the main and thought everything was good to go. Well come winter as temps fell and demand increased, they discovered that the whole town had drilling mud in the gas lines. In some areas they had to bring in NG on trucks and tie in temporary feeds. I heard that the directional drilling company got the bill of 12 million dollars for repairs.
Also... why aren't there blowoff valves in the distribution system downstream from the regulators that will open if the system experiences too much pressure?
That was a very scary day around here. We couldn't believe it was really happening
Thank you for covering this topic. Can you please do the R.M. Palmer candy factory explosion in Reading,PA?
Why doesn't my home gas meter include a backup regulator that prevents >1 PSI gas from entering my house?
In the UK there is a regulator in every domestic installation.
I wasn't there but remember this well. I am not knowledgeable enough to even understand what is presented here so... please bare with me. There were many boilers that exploded i know this. My question is concerning all the regulators on the boilers, appliances and even outside the homes right at the meters. Wouldn't those regulators be capable of handling the pressure under the circumstances presented ?
Do the San Bruno pipeline explosion next
I don't think id call what happened an accident. A disaster? Definitely. But if the same actions they took were to be performed the same way 100 times, it would have went bad every single time.   It kind of blows my mine that large scale work was being done on part of a system without a complete understanding of the entire system, or at least the neighboring infrastructure. Its like trying to change your cars oil while its running, and thinking it would be ok. I would think anyone qualified to make even a preliminary construction plan for a system like this would have known the  impact they would have on inline failsafes and sensing/monitoring equipment, let alone final plans, permits, or inspections. I know its easy to say in hindsight, but it just seems crazy to me.  Rules and regulations are written in blood, and things like this are why you end up having to jump through so many hoops to get anything done. Its unfortunate, but this is the way it goes.
Sound like a engineer screw up !!
Very interesting. We did not have gas in the house I grew up. But there was gas in the street.  3 houses had a soft explosion and had to be rebuilt. My fullest respect to installers who bear a huge risk every day.
The most interesting part of the Tenerife airport disaster was that the worst aviation disaster in history actually happened on the ground and not from planes that crashed from the sky
"Gas companies were exempt from state rules requiring the stamp of licensed professional engineer on project designs,"   ummmm...  what??  Wow.  And in 30-some states at the time, and in some still.
So it was a positive feedback loop?
So, I take it the meter and regulator on the side of my house would do nothing against utility side over pressure it seems?  Also, was anyone else surprised the system pressure is only 1/2psig?! I always assumed it was double digits at the very least!
The second regulator, which under normal circumstances would never activate, should have been of a different, simple design, with local sensing. Better yet, it should have been an overpressure shutdown valve. What if the first regulator fails, the second regulator takes over, but nobody ever bothers to check them? You could be running on the second regulator, with zero redundancy, for months or years without ever knowing it. Redundancy without monitoring is false redundancy.  Even on the first regulator, with the remote sensing, there should have been a sense line directly after the valve, that can take over the regulation if the pressure there becomes to high. In (lab) power supplies with remote voltage sensing, it's common to connect the local output voltage to the sense line with a diode. That way, if the sense line is ever disconnected, the output voltage can only rise by the forward voltage drop of the diode (about 0.7V).  In case of the gas regulators, then sense lines could have been blocked, severed, or otherwise inoperable, and there should still have been a local backup sensing, with a slightly higher pressure setting.
Im honestly super happy that, even though i live nowhere close to there, my house does not have a connection to any sort of gas. We just use water and electricity, plus its a brick house from the nineties which, even if it may not actually be safer (atleast for certain things), does make me feel safer.
That thermostat analogy really delivered!
I was a commuter student at Umass Lowell at the time. It was super erie driving up rt 3 the next day, realizing the dark clouds and fog were peobably because of the fires...
As a MechE who is going for his PE, this is so absolutely chilling. Really puts into perspective my complaints about how annoying 16 hours of testing is. Such a simple oversight shook tens of thousands of people's faith in the systems that are meant to keep them safe. Really makes you wonder what other everyday devices we normally just take for granted as being safe are one simple oversight from upending our lives. Truly horrific.
The overhead shots at the beginning are looking down at my undergraduate college.
I live in the Merrimack Valley and was part of the evacuation teams, so seeing this video be made was a throwback to a very long day.  It's kinda sad to live in a world where a disaster like this happens and my immediate assumption of it being because of corporate greed is almost always correct.
Every video of yours reinforces my belief that our system of private property must be got rid of. love this insight you give, thanks for the hard work sir
I was in Lawrence when this first started happening. I heard at least six explosions. Scared the s*** out of me. Quickly left town and went home. Didn't find out what was going on until I got home
What is a the album cover you have in the background?
no overpressure release valves in natural gas lines? also its crazy how people have their homes piped with explosive gas. i like the taste of electricity more
Among other things, i work with gas metering devices on a daily basis now. Technicians somewhat dislike installations with regulators because it's more work and it takes more time to measure their performance during operation. Guess who's never going to skip those steps. Me! ...And all other colleagues that i encounter.
Which states still don’t require PE stamps on gas projects?
This is a great video as always! You mentioned the rapid activation of hundreds of outside firefighting groups and emergency resources. It would be really cool if one day you could do a video on that process or one like it. As a Louisiana resident, I'm used to routine emergency declarations in the face of incoming hurricanes, but I would love to know how its done when there is no warning and an emergency comes out of the blue sky.
Thanks for explaining this clearly!  At the time I remember wondering how a single upgrade could have such catastrophic results.  In the telecom world, most folks think they are done when the signal goes end to end.  A huge portion of the signal structure is identifying that there is is a fault and where that fault is.
Here in Lithuania we have a regulator together with every gas meter.
"It was the big corporation!" "Not enough stamps!" "More oversight!" Sigh.  What about "hey, let's use a valve that is inherently capable of over pressuring"? What about "hey, let's check that over there to see if this here is okay"?  "What pressure is THIS valve creating?" Don't know, don't care. "When this fails does it fail safe?" Don't know, don't care.  What about not implementing shite designs. "Well, we didn't know it was a shite design at the time." And you didn't know you didn't have enough government interference at the time, but are happy to call that out.
I lived in the neighboring town Methuen when this happened. I remember walking outside and seeing the sky covered in a haze from all the fires.  The person who died I saw a snapchat of an hour prior to his house exploding, he was smoking with his friends in his yard not knowing that the house was filling with gas. Crazy times
This is a prime example of having more than one heat source is a good idea. Imagine if this had happened in the middle of winter. I've got a backup wood stove because you can't always rely on gas or electric.
Does Nebula accept PayPal yet?
I'm from this area and remember very well what was going on. My brother-in-law lived on the opposite side of the block where one of the kid died. His basement also caught on fire but he managed to put out the fire before it got too crazy. I remember for the next few days how dark and empty the streets were in Lawrence, almost apocalyptic like. The house that completely burnt down wasn't too far from where i live also. It was a pretty crazy time.
Why don’t gas meters on houses have some type of regulator built into them or an over pressure shut off?
Why in the 21st century would any developed nation still use gas is beyond me. All gas appliances has much safer and effective electric alternatives
so after a disaster, there was an investigation, more licenses were required, and laws were passed... why didn't they just rely on thoughts and prayers, or defunding mental health while talking about how important mental health is?
Why don't I remember hearing about ANY OF THIS????!!!??  Wasn't on the news? Back in 2018 I was still watching cable TV (I have since stopped watching virtually ALL cable TV, with the exceptions of maybe 3 or 4 shows that my DVR is still set to record that I occasionally catch up on... but I could still get them on the net just as easily - I essentially watch ONLY YouTube videos, and a couple on Rumble.. and Next Month I'll be signing up for Nebula!:D ) and I watched the National/World Nightly news pretty much every day and I don't remember this AT ALL!!! Was this kinda 'swept under the rug' ??  As in only mentioned on the news, but not more than once or twice and even then it was just a quick mention....  If that is the case I guess they wouldn't want everyone across the country freaking out thinking their house could just explode at any minute... because THEY WOULD! lol I'm guess that I just missed it... there were a few natural gas explosions that happened all around the same time that occurred here the Philly region, so maybe this was that same time-frame and this just got blurred into one big lump in my mind lol who knows, but this was WILD!!! And I am SUPER SURPRISED only one person died and that there weren't more injuries.... but a BILLION IN DAMAGE???? WOW!!! Maybe they'll focus more on prevention now.... PFFTTT!!! WHO AM I KIDDING???? PREVENTION?!?!? BUAHAHAHAHAAA!!!!  We ALL KNOW that it's a NUMBERS game to these companies.... they DO NOT CARE about the human toll/human factor... if iot's cheaper to- just pay for the damage then to prevent a disaster, then they just WILL NOT do the prevention... They DO NOT CARE about the loss of life, interruption of lives,. destruction of irreplaceable mementos, etc..... they care about ONE THING - MONEY! And DON'T EVER FORGET THAT!
Were the sensing lines connected to the main line in close proximity of each other? If so it looks to me that the 2 regulators always were a single point of failure. Or are there specific reasons why the sensing lines shouldn't be connected to the main line at completely different points of the grid?
I've got news for everyone.  Requiring a PE license isn't going to solve the problem.  Just look at the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse a few decades ago.  There were approvals stamped all over that design. You don't need an engineering degree to realize the sensors are in the wrong spot.  What was missing here was a basic configuration control process.
You won't say it, but I will. Your content is better and more interesting than the current swath of content on Discovery and channels like it.
IMO they also should have installed a manual cutoff that could be maintained during the transition and while the new system's functionality was verified.  Having a worker on site to adjust this cutoff manually would have prevented this disaster.  This cutoff could also be exercised any time unsafe conditions emerge or future pipeline maintenance is needed.
Ok ... i know that pressure limiting vales exist meaning valves that never allow more then a certain maximum through ... i mean if you need a pressure safety valve those exist too that vent the overpressure somewere were those that much more expansive or just a thing of they didnt think about it at that time?
I once worked for a bridge building company. One morning, we went to drive steel piling for an abutment, and drove the piling right through a high pressure gas line that been installed in the wrong location. That was an exciting day.
Please tell me that a PE approval signature is required for gasline mods in Texas.
I tried Curiosity Stream but the app just wasn't designed well enough to handle my slow data stream. Youtube's app is the only one I'm able to use. Anybody know if Nebula's app is any better?
We'll have to give this one a "oh balls!" !
So I lived in Andover when this happened, it was truly surreal experience. Thankfully the street I lived on didnt have a natural gas line, so we ended up having a bunch of friends who couldnt stay in their own houses over until they could get the lines under control. I feel like this event is/has been criminally under-reported and I really appreciate seeing more well-thought content on it.
The NTSB recommendations and other changes are likely needed for future H2 conversion of the natural gas system to make it 100% safe.
I remember this it was nuts! Still waiting for the Pittsburgh fern hollow bridge collapse video
That's some bad gas
Well this episode was a throwback since I remember seeing it first hand
Great video.  I'm surprised this disaster hasn't received more attention.  I remember getting an alert on my phone that showed a map of multiple explosions and fires and wondering if it was some sort of terrorist attack.  Thankfully, the Merrimack Valley has excellent fire departments.  The one fatality was due to a chimney collapsing on an occupied vehicle, one occupant died, the others survived.  I can't imagine what a horror that must have been.
It's surprising to me that someone wasn't monitoring pressures manually during the construction, and that there weren't other means of alarms or monitoring.
Just another reason to not use natural gas for home use. Th infrastructure for gas is incredible but I think its time we really start working on going full electric.
Grady, if you have any influence there, please ask Nebula to improve their app. I've subscribed but I hardly ever use it because the UI is so poor.
As soon you showed that the pressure-regulating valves got their control signals from a different location, every engineer viewing thought "Uh-oh..."
I live a little south of the Merrimack valley and just that day was debating buying a go-bag and appropriate contents, going so far as to having had left them in my Amazon shopping cart so I could sleep on it. After all, what kind of disaster could there be in NE Massachusetts that would require me to flee the house at a moment's notice?  Then this happened that evening. I still keep my go-bag updated.
Grady - content is fascinating.  I look forward to everyone of your videos.  I live in an area where both NG & propane are used.  I moved into an all electric house in 2020.  After living through the ice storm of 2009, I chose all new high efficient HVAC & converted to propane at the same time.  Chose to install extra safety valves throughout my system as well as a whole-house UPS that ran on 3-fuel (NG, gasoline or propane).  This paid off recently when a horrific straight-line storm blew in then the temps plummeted.  Electric was out from 48 hours to two weeks all with the temps below freezing in the daytime.  Thank you!
Why didn't the regulators at each homeowner meter limit them?  Here our distribution lines run at 45#.
Me and my family live in the Merrimack valley, and I get goosebumps remembering health freaked out we all were when this started happening. We weren't sure at the time if it was just an accident or some sort of terror attack.
I can imagine the dread that the crew felt hearing the sirens and seeing the fire.
What tech does my TV need to watch Nebula on it?
My brother lives there in Andover. It was a pretty exciting few months after that.
People in charge: we can't shut this gaspipe off for 2 days *finds a solution, blows up half a town and leaves them without gas and houses for weeks People in charge: 🤡
There is a regulator+blowoff valve at my house meter (outside). Another regulator+blowoff where that line taps into the low pressure line feeding myself and my neighbors. And another regulator+blowoff where that line taps into the Main high pressure trunk feeding the region.  Is this not common practice? All these components are at least a couple decades old so I know it’s not solely due to some new regulations passed down because of an event like this one.
Statistically, if you put your head in the stove and your feet in the freezer, you'll be comfortably...
I used to work in a utility mapping office, i worked on the electric side but there was gas mapping there too.  I remember at some point during a safety talk (since maps are critical to safety) someone said that typically an error in electricity puts the line workers in danger, while an error in gas more often puts the public in danger.
Where was the management team in this upgrade?  This is a clear lack of planning and leadership.  This story makes me wonder if the company was cutting corners and the key planner/supervisor wasn't on the job.  We see this in engineering with junior engineers that overlook the failure factor in a project.
Residential national gas is regulated to 4 inches water columns. Propane is at 11 inches water columns. If you run a gas stove at 11 or the 15 inches water columns the flame would be over a foot tall out of the burner.
You should check out the 1992 guadalajara gas explosions. The pictures are so crazy
1) Why arent there any overpressure valves? Could be as simple as a lever that closes off the valve once the pressure difference to the atmosphere is too big. 2) Scenarios like this is the reason why I think that local gas grids are totally outdated these days. Gas companies should be forced to add a power cable when installing new pipes (when they should still be allowed).
Love the comments here. So many smart people sharing their knowledge! Thanks!
I’m really glad that this is a very accurate video.   Most accounts of these events are way off.   Most news acted as if there was something wrong with the old gas lines.   Nope.   When you try to put 100x the pressure in a pipe welded with the Texas weave, it’s gonna fail.
When you see fire engines from more 20 miles away on I-495 north heading towards the area, you know it was a huge event that was happening.
So who overlooked this? What company did they work for? When you explained how the system worked it took me 2 seconds to predict the issue, its laughably obvious. Charge them and every company C-suit executive with negligent homicide, destruction of property, and negligent assault for every person injured. Nothing will change unless they are held accountable, and no, fines aren't enough, people need to be put in jail.
Why was this investigated by the NTSB and not the USCSB?
Great video. I have been working with pipe  as a marine pipe-fitter, steamfitter and plumber for almost 50 years.Hard to imagine the missing sensing lines wasn't caught by the engineers, construction crew or inspectors. I'm not criticizing I have made my share of mistakes. Thanks for the video.
High pressure explosive gas? 👍 Proven safer nuclear power? 😨
Pipe repairs blew up a neighborhood in San Bruno, Ca. What happened? Gas explodes, dummy
6:40 "it would be like putting a thermostat right in front of a register" -- in hot water heating you usually have the thermostat right on the radiator. And usually even in the hot supply line, not the colder return line. Granted, these work really quite badly.
Reason #6849 to ditch fossil fuels. A few electric water heaters and induction stoves would have prevented any of this from happening.
I remember watching this unfold live on the news.  Thank you for the coverage!
A simple dumb fixed third regulator in series with the work and monitor regulators would have prevented this. Set the dumb regulator to a little bit above the expected max pressure in the line to allow the normal regulators to operate freely, and problem solved.
Does anybody know which states still have no PE requirements? I'd like to see if that's something I need to start making phone calls about.
This is great. Pipers always forget about instrumentation.
Dang this was worse than the PG&E natural pipe line expulsion in South San Francisco.  But no were near as bad as the wild fires PG&E started in California.
It's strange seeing you cover something that happened in my "back yard". I remember the terror and confusion as the news broke. It left a lot of us thinking about how much implicit trust there is in everyday systems functioning as they should.
I remember driving over the bridge in Lawrence when this was happening, there were so many firetrucks. The whole city was lit up with firetruck lights. I've never seen so many in one place
this is why, when i build a house, it will be all electric, screw gas ...
Can you provide a link/reference to information on what states do not required a PE stamp on gas infrastructure?
Great video
Let’s see how wrong Grady gets this……
Feels like there are way to few safeties on the distribution, considering how many fuses and breaker and on electrical distributions. Already from the local transformer downstream i think there's at least 3
yes independent content creators are doing better then history or discovery channel has done in years. but i still love the curse of oak island. lol
It's a bit surprising that given the catastrophic nature of an overpressure event that the low pressure lines are not equipped  with a fail safe "circuit breaker" type valve that would autonomously mechanically close in the event of an exceeded pressure over time , cutting off the gas supply to the low pressure line downstream of the "breaker". The problem is the regulator is doing double duty as both regulation and protection , hence the common mode failure.
This was a great video about something that never crossed my mind.   I'd like to suggest doing an episode about something just as interesting. In the Netherlands we had a huge fireworks disaster in Enschede in 2000. The explosion killed 23 people including four firefighters and injured nearly 1,000 others. A total of 400 homes were destroyed and 1,500 buildings were subsequently damaged.  I don't know how it exactly went wrong but I'm sure we learned a lot from it on how to engineer safe locations for explosive materials. Would love to hear your insights on the topic.
This reminds me, I wish someone could explain why the government wants to get rid of gas stoves. Just stoves/ovens nothing else, all natural gas utilities will remain unaffected but no stoves allowed. it's really weird. Some states such as New York have outlawed them by a certain time. No explanation is available anywhere though.
Not that it's needed, but this is just one more example of how a publicly owned utility can be far superior to privately owned utilities. Public utilities have accountability to the people who use them, which tends to lead to greater transparency and higher quality (as well as better prices).
I came to you by way of AVE and you didn't give him a shout out
Every time you said regulator I thought of Warren G… Excellent video as always.
also bad regulator design. in case of a large leak after regulator and before sensor, the regulator will dump more gas into a leak. besides that, a regulator should have a max setting, which is below operating pressure capacity of equipment down the line.
Grady, excellent explainer once again.  Maybe it's because I haven't finished my first cup of coffee yet, but I'll venture to say that two aspects of this video could have been clearer.  First, I might have followed a bit better if you'd used animation to compare how the two pipelines' pressure SHOULD have been regulated vs how they actually WERE.  As it was, I got your explanation of what happened, but didn't get what the correct engineering solution should have been and how switchover of the pressure regulation system should have been sequenced.  Second, it didn't occur to me until you mentioned it at the end that the Merrimack distribution system operated at a lower pressure than many others across the country, which - I was left to surmise - leaves customers with a meter but no pressure regulator at their homes.
I lived in the Merrimack Valley at the time, and I remember being busy in Boston, just dropping everything and hopping on the T when I thought of my family. My grandparents were evacuated, they erected tents in Salem, but nobody I knew was hurt, thank goodness.
That poor guy his chimney landed on him i remember this they shut the cities down.
Wow that was bad, though I still do not understand the part about what caused the problem with the monitor and worker. 🤔To early in the morning. :) Thank you and have a great week.
Do their homes not each have a gas regulator? I have a meter/regulator combo attached to my house as well as all others near me that bring the gas down to the end-user pressure.
Them welders were probably a lil shook
We should just abandon natural gas at this point. absolutely unnecessary risk, NH to the north has barely any homes that get gas service and does just fine throughout the winter. plus with induction cooktops who is left even wanting residential gas lines?
NYC countless iron pipes clay lead bad cloth two wire  wiring .. Spiders bugs dirt rust varnish   debris gets into regular often and malfunction.
Why didn't the homeowners own regulator in their gas meters not stop this?
the pipe goes bam
Ban natural gas! It's explosive for goodness sake! Just like gun violence....
🌌Get Nebula using my link for 40% off an annual subscription: https://go.nebula.tv/Practical-Engineering 🛠What engineering disaster would you like to see me cover next?
Great video, thanks for researching and sharing.  SCARY stuff!  Have you ever covered the 2010 San Bruno, CA gas explosion?  I was about 1/4 mile away, had just finished grocery shopping at Lunardi's, when it went off.  It was loud, and the pressure wave hit like a gust of wind even that far away.  I saw the huge column of smoke and got the heck out of Dodge; I honestly thought that an airliner out of SFO had gone down (the area was right on their departure path).  Well before I got a few blocks firetrucks were zooming by.  I pulled off at the first sidestreet I could and sat for about 45 minutes listening to the sirens wail.  I hunted through the radio stations but no one knew what was actually going on until much, much later; it was that unexpected.
My dad always warned me about the dangers of gas.. And I have so much respect for gas, I can't have it..
That's something "my bad" doesn't cover.
Why does the NTSB oversee natural gas?
I was there for that. Wild! Eveyone had to evacuate their houses. We had high pressure gas lines at my house so were fine but some of my friend's houses filled up with gas. Fortunately they didn't explode.
Why were there no (or not enough) overpressure relief devices in the system? Every SCUBA, Gas Welding, or air tool system I've used has burst discs or OPVs.
I wish more people would watch channels like this. If they saw the complexity of engineering feats, maybe they wouldn't be shouting "deregulation" so quickly.
Boston or Bahstin
I *do* remember hearing about that and tuned in via only radio receivers.  The main "attraction" for me (aside from being interested EMS and the fire service) is that I went to Paramedic school with Lawrence FD Chief Moriarty way back in the 1980s.  Good guy.  I haven't spoken to him in decades but I bet he was ready to "put in his papers" after that job!    Excellent summary of the aftermath.  Glad to see that the Mass General Court Did The Right Thing re: the PE stamp exception AND that the gas company changed their ways (after selling the distribution network).    Also, and critically, it's "Winthrup" not "WinthrOp".  I know how it's spelled, but if you ever lived in New England you know that some letters are skipped and then sometimes some are added or changed.  :-)
A lot of the people you mentioned in your ad are interesting and informative, but I have to disagree on Johnny Harris. He's done some good work, but too often he strays into pure sensationalism or just misinformation.
Ban natural gas! Look at how dangerous it is! It blows up for goodness sake!
If this happened today people would assume WW3 had started.
Maybe a silly comment but why was the regulator system not "fail safe" like an electrical fuse? (maybe annoying for the utility company now and then but that's the cost of doing things safe)
Natural gas is garbage now. I’m glad I’m all electric always have been always will be. It’s sad that newly constructed houses are natural gas when they don’t need to be.
We still have people that dont have houses because of this..... 5 yrs later......
Who thought that having a flammable gas going directly into your house is dangerous. Heat pumps are more than capable for cold climates. There is no good reason to use gas ranges and gas dryers.
Is that a Vulcan Centaur under your crane in the background?
My grandparents lived in Andover at the time. Fortunately for them, they had oil heat.
very interesting, I never heard about this event.
"Gas companies were exempt from the state requirement of the stamp of a licensed engineer on project designs”  How is that even possible?  As an engineer from another country, I can’t even wrap my mind around an exemption like that existing.
My aunt and uncle lived in Andover in the middle of it. I remember getting a text from my aunt asking for my wifi password while I wasn't home. and I was like whhhhhyyyy? her response "everyone's ok...." invoked one of the worse feelings I've felt ever.
I thought the NTSB was only  involved in commercial vehicle crashes. (Truck, bus, train, plane)   Wouldn't this be EPA jurisdiction?
Wait, did I understand that correctly? No professional engineer has to check and accept a large municipal natural gas project in the US?
I'm confused about how the high pressure gas got to individual appliances within homes. Why didn't the regulator outside the house prevent that?
Grady I genuinely appreciate your straightforward and detailed explanation of these events. You are delivering an important public service. Thank you.
Great video! It reminds me of the Blenheim NY explosion that happened when I was a kid.
Don't experts talk about "shutting" valves --- not "closing" them?  It is my understanding that the word "shut" is clearer language for radio communications than "close"...
I am sitting here comfy in European with my all electric home. More energy efficent and safer. Electrons not blowing me up.
I remember watching the news that day, for a while they had a helicopter shot of a house just... burning. No fire fighters, because there were just too many other fires and it took a long time for fire crews from further towns to reach the scenes (it didn't help that it was during the evening commute). After 20 or 30 minutes a crew finally arrived, but by that point the priority was stopping the fire from spreading rather than saving that house, since it was already too far gone. I can't even imagine if that were my house.
So, they screwed up and had to sell their pipelines, meanwhile PG&E is so bad they have had multiple movies done to dramatize how bad they are and have killed hundreds (possibly thousands) of people and have paid out tens of billions in various settlements but they are still the only game in town for most of California ... a state where the Governor went on TV last year to ask people to use less electricity or there would be rolling blackouts ... and then there were rolling blackouts for the 12th year in a row.  California is mandating a switch to electric vehicles across the board on a very short time scale but don't have enough power to charge the relatively small number they have now AND they are shutting down 10% of their generation in the Diablo Valley plant.
Very surprised to hear 5 bar gas pressure in urban environment.
They are lucky the mishap happened mid day before more people got home from school and work. Would have been far more deaths and injuries otherwise.
I have a feeling future generations are going to look back and think we were crazy for having a highly-explosive gas pumped directly into our homes
If my understanding is correct, the lack of requirement for a PE to sign the design does NOT imply that an engineer didn't design it. It just means that engineer wasn't required to registered with the state as a PE.  Also, I know at least in Canada the certification is regional and I assume its the same for the states. So if you're a P.Eng in one province that does not mean you can sign off on work in another province. I imagine this is why that exception exists in the first place: if you're designing a pipeline that crosses state boarders but the engineer is only registered with one of the states then requiring the PE designation would stop the project.  Is this assumption correct?
Honestly......I still don't get it
I bought a house shortly after this. I had the gas cut off and installed new electric furnace and stove and h2o heater.....  Gas can run the power plant but I will NOT have it in my home.... I DO NOT TRUST the Utility Companies........
Why didn't the management who caused this to happen go to jail?
Darn. And here I am making breakfast on a gas stove in a city where officials are lazy at best, corrupt at worst
The San Bruno natural gas explosion killed 8 people, leveled 37 homes and it took them 90 minutes to shut off the gas.
"Just north of Boston." lol can you tell this guy is from Texas? That may be a daily commute in TX in terms of distance but that is an absolute haul for someone in the Boston area.
How did I not hear about this
Even with the severity of the incident only one person was killed.  The regulations regarding pipe lines is complex.  Typically within covered facilities, if there is the potential that a high pressure system can exceed the design limitations in the event of a single failure then a safety system is sized and installed.  The pipelines are under federal and state regulations.
Oops we forgot something sorry
I'd get nebula if i had any moneys 😅
What jackass politicians are refusing to require engineer sign-offs? JFC I hate politicians.
Wow. I was wondering what the price and punishment for this would be. A billion dollars, a guilty plea, and never doing business in the state again. That’s shockingly appropriate by American standards
Where is the PRV downstream of the control valve?
I'm not sure if these distribution companies do management of change (MOC) studies, but as an engineer working in Pressure Relief design this is a no brainer, but isolating your system from pressure relief is all too common when a good MOC is not done.
Oh my God thank you PSIG explains so much that has always confused me
@3:48 Actually Grady, propane is 12" ±1 WC while natural gas is considerably less at 4"-7" WC in households.
Who were the engineers that signed off on the project? I would love to see their bios. I think it is hilarious that it happened in Massachusettes. the home of social progressivism, perhaps in the future they could focus more on gas pipeline engineering and less on Utopian social engineering.
Natural gas is not a fossile fuel.
Yet another amazing video.  Thanks!
how is there no pressure relief in a pressured system?
Given the interconnectedness of the gas grid, why were there only regulators in series? I would have thought there'd be some way of setting them up in parallel to prevent these kinds of common load failures
That day people in the neighborhood had switched from NG to electricity probably really glad they did so…
Grady, thank you for covering this! This was all over the news that day and I appreciate hearing the follow up. BTW, I'll keep my propane, thank you.
What I find curious is that it was the National Transportation Safety Board that investigated a utilities incident.
One good thing about natural gas and it's cousins propane and butane is once it's ignited, that's it, not like gasoline or other volatile hydrocarbons which continue to burn.
I'm baffled that American houses don't have pressure regulators for the incoming gas lines. Imagine having a residential mains power connection without a circuit breaker, solely relying on the nearest substation not to screw up. But then again, their houses are built of wood and trash, so why bother with safety precautions for some shack in the woods?
Grady, I am trying to make sense of all of it. The pipe replacement was on the high pressure line. The sensing lines are connected to the low pressure line. How abandoning a segment of old high pressure line can affect sensing lines that were never connected to that segment?  The all thing seems very mixed up.  Also, I find the schematics of the regulator very confusing: that is a drop of pressure in the low pressure side that commands the valve to open. The way the animation works, it looks like it is commanded by the high pressure.  I used to scuba dive, I learned a lot about regulators, they are always commanded by a drop in the low pressure side.  Also, why the lines are not equipped with safety valves that release the pressure when it is too high? There are such valves on water pipes, there could be on gas pipes (with an ignition system to avoid explosion). And an electronic  pressure gauge with an alarm cost what? .50$ When greed comes to bite them back...
The importance of a To-Do list, make sure something is done and signed off, and if anyone says "Yeah, I think they switched those sensors over, I'm sure of it!", stop work and get someone to double and triple-check, when structures, lives and infrastructiure are at risk, don't mess about...
Similar thing happened in Blenheim, NY. Above ground pipeline rusted through, the gas rolled down the hill and settled in the valley. A spark set off a huge explosion. Can't remember how many died or got hurt but it being in a rural area lessened the damage.
Maybe it is an idea that before you post the full video, you post a short introduction with the question what caused it. I have a pretty good idea what happened when I reached the 2 minute mark of this video. But because the answer is already part of the video nobody will believe me.   Was fairly close as about 30 years I was part of an project that also overhauled existing pipelines. In our case we had to increase the size of the pipeline to allow the construction of a new neighborhood. However each street has it's own regulator, multiple street lines were combined in a sub-station with it's own regulator. In Europe most gas meters include a regulator. Shortly after I went from building construction to website construction...  However a PE stamp have in general little added value. Very rarely is someone held accountable for errors beyond their control. Even an engineer can't oversee every task that is performed. You can introduce checklists, but after those a used a dozens times, people start to marking things off on auto pilot. The end result is that more oversight is added, which increases costs and people claiming murder because of much higher utility bills after a renovation. Red tape (oversight) is almost never a solution to human error. Adding more fail safes is a far more affordable solution in both costs and time...
NTSB investigating non-transport related accident? How does that work?
This must be one of the most idiotic engineering failures in recent times on a project of this scale. How could the project planners forget to have the sensing lines disconnected from the old line and connected to the new one? This is the equivalent to driving off from the gas station with the nozzle still attached...
The small-ish village I live in doesn't have gas lines to this day- the story goes that when they tried to install it some 50 years ago they accidentally blew up a shed by *forgetting to close a valve*. I am glad because it means that can't happen to my home
So the main point is that the pressure regulators were still hooked up to the old pipeline when the system was turned back on... weak engineering management... I wonder if they were focusing more on equity, diversity and wokeism rather than actual engineering.
Here in Germany, we use a higher system pressure, and every customer has their own regulator (as far as I'm aware).  Interesting to see what goes into those decisions
I come from a town called Hutchinson, Kansas. A few years ago we had a natural gas crisis. I dont want to spoil anything but i suggest you do research on that story. I believe you'll be very impressed with what you find. My father was a gas company man at the time in Hutchinson and after everything went on it drove me to pursue a career in the nat gas field myself.
This guy needs to be on PBS
why didn't they stop service for such a job?
@0:36 I'm not understanding how a smaller pipe (gray) can shut off gas flow on the bigger pipe (red)?
Glad once again knowledge in Finland houses really don't have natural gas lines. At least this part of Finland. Its just not custom ever been here.
Lemme guess..  Much racism?
Thank you Grady. This happened in an area I used to work in. Our office was in Lawrence and the affected neighborhoods were our neighbors, there were a lot of great small local restaurants , sub shops and pizza joints run by local families. Although this happened 30 years after I was there it shook me when it happened. This is the best, most concise, explanation I've seen. Kudos.
I have a question. Let's say that a home in the overpressure area had gone fully electric and their gas supply had been capped off. Would there have been any risk of damage from the capped gas pipe? Presumably the cap would be outside, and maybe any damage from projectiles & leaks would be limited?
Actually.  The local gas company just dug up the entire dual carriageway near my house to install a new gas main.  They are now digging up the street behind my house to install an interconnect.... maybe I should not be so flippant!
I lived in New York State a few years ago. The city I lived in replaced their cast Iron pipes with plastic. I guess we were lucky.
I took a look at Nebula's content offerings after I heard your pitch at the end of the video. I've got a 9 and a 12 year old at home and would LOVE to get rid of YouTube and its sewer of content off our Roku.  I was hoping I'd find Nebula could be a good replacement solution. The concept sounds great. For now it looks to me like a lot of the content there is still a little above where my kid's interests are now.  But I'll remember it and check back to see how that's going, going forward. Thank you for the excellent content you create 👍
Thank you once again for making these great educational videos💪🏻💪🏻
I was working for one of the many gas contractors called up to the area to help. Between all the displaced people and the contractors, they had to dock a cruise ship to house us all.
To summarize....  "Whoops!"
I lived in Andover during the explosion. We finally got heat and hot water back at Thanksgiving and it was another 2 months to get our stove replaced.   Thanks for covering this one.
It's strange those valves don't have a runaway sensor. There's feasibly a maximum rate of gas possible for a downstream line to carry, even if the end is completely open. This would have exceeded that for sure.
How do I find out if my state requires the PE stamp?  Thank you for the speedy reply and I love your videos
11:)7 wtaf
Was the audio for this recorded inside of a culvert?  There's some really prominent reverb and echo going on through the entire video
I keep telling y’all that piping in pressurized flammable gas to where people live is a terrible idea…
Were there no regulators at each house or were the regulators not enough for the over pressurization in the distribution line?
Wow, first time I have heard about this incident. Thanks!
here in Germany our sensing lines are typically about 2 - 3 meters long ( a simmiliar thing happened here before) also all regulators have a safety valve which shut downs the gas supply if it exceeds 2 to 5 times the normal pressure.
This event sold many electric appliances. 👌
But how did they attach the bypass pipe without all the gas leaking out?
I think you should keep using that metaphor in all videos, just for consistency. "It's the equivalent of putting your thermostat in your neighbor's mother-in-law's house""
Great video!
Why isn't this designed in a fail safe manner instead? It seems crazy to me that such a dangerous system is regulated in a fail unsafe manner... Literally begging for this kind of event to happen...
I think I missed it, why didn't the home gas regulators work?
This is kind of how my well pump, pressure tank and pressure gauge is installed in my house. One of the shutoffs in my house is in between my pressure tank and the pressure gauge. When the water is off the pressure gauge will lose pressure and kick on the well pump with no effect to the gauge, free-running until failure. I always un-power my well pump when I shut my water off to remedy. I really need to get it fixed at some point.
Fascinating episode.  Our neighborhood has 80 psig lines running under the street with individual regulators at residences and businesses.  This episode also underlines the importance of systems engineering, and "systems thinking" in many aspects of life.
Very interesting case study; working in engineering I love this kind of content.
I’m not convinced that having regulators at every home helps as much as you think.  In Allentown PA a few years ago an entire block of row homes blew up when a gas worker accidentally opened a port on the high pressure side (instead of the low pressure side as he had intended) and vented high pressure gas into the basement.  Fortunately he was able to get everyone evacuated from the building before it blew up. I will also observe that many Republicans, and the vast majority of Libertarians, will overlook, or forget about, or even make excuses for, these kinds of accidents in their zeal to do away with “excessive” government regulations.  This country needs smarter regulations that are properly enforced, not less regulations.  Requiring licensed engineers to seal plans for gas pipelines is an excellent example of where regulations are needed.
Hi Grady, thanks for your great videos, concise explanations and explanatory animations and models.  I have one question about this video.  During the investigation and solution segment when talking of common mode failure, you mentioned the dual (high/low) pressure system might be changed to a single pressure with customer-side regulators handling the pressure reduction for consumption.  I immediately thought, why didn’t that happen in the accident?  Why didn’t customer regulators stop the high pressure from entering the residences?  Thanks!
That was quite an oversight…
As a resident of the Merrimack valley and a long time follower of your channel I am so surprised to see you covering this.
Welp. That did not go as planned.
can't imagine how fast you could boil water at that pressure
Why does this fall under the National Tansportion Safety Board?
You'd think they'd have multiple redundant excess-flow valves all throughout their system. Certainly at the source, every junction and possibly at the point of use.
Wait, they didn't have a regulator on every house? We have had that here in Ontario Canada for at least 30 years.
This is why I had all my gas installation remove.....since 2010
6:15 was when I realized exactly what happened
You forgot the atmospheric pressure that the inch|mm rating is for. It's usually assumed to be 1 atmosphere.
Talking about inches of wc . I constantly get the most confusing responses from our gas purveyor office ladies . They have no clue what inches of wc is . 🤔  It baffles me that home and small business ranges are in inches of w.c . And larger systems will be frequently brought up to 2lbs on system with a regulator at each branch to step pressure down to prevent hazardous situations and make devices functional.  Point is , how on earth are these office folk doing their job with no knowledge of industry wide terminology nor correct ranges . I literally had to go online to convert to some goofy value for the last person I spoke with.  Thanks Texas Gas.
So at the risk of asking an oversimplified dumb question, how did any home appliances see the high pressure event?? Aren't individual households serviced by an individual regulator/meter at the service entrance? Hummm, low pressure distribution, that even sounds like a poor system design to a simple minded redneck!!
That's some pretty poor engineering to not have local redundancy.
I’m surprised they didn’t have a safety valve on the line.
Hah, this pilot valve main valve pressure thing is basically a transistor amplifier circuit.
Not requiring engineering oversight by law on a project like this is pure insanity.  I find that truly shocking considering the consequences of an "oops".
The scary part is that there are still up to 30 states that haven't fixed the insufficient oversight by removing the excemptions.
How do I find if my state has that PE stamp exemption?
While anyone dying or getting injured is a terrible thing seeing how severe this was I'm  glad it wasn't anywhere near as bad as it could have been given how much damage and devastation resulted.  The self regulation reminds me of the fill valves on washing machines and the like, with careful engineering of the water flow internally they seal using the pressure of the mains water pressure its self. Neat!
I remember that day, my ex-wife lives in the affected area and they all had to get out for weeks waiting for safety inspections of the house. I have the kids during the week so they only remember it as the time they got to stay home on the weekends.
Pronounced Win-thrup
I was working on highway traffic management when this happened. We had people running up onto I-495 to escape the area closure and get rides from the highway, because cars weren't allowed in or out of the area. It was crazy.
A high-pressure pipeline runs through about 800 feet of my yard. The only houses in the area at the time were hooked up. Duke Energy told me that they would never have such a pressure change (I believe 280 psi, down to whatever the actual house meter likes, then down to 0.5 psi) in one drop, and in most cases would have had a separate distribution regulator and line. But every "legacy" house has its own regulator and line to the house meter, down to final pressure. So four houses have natural gas, and the neighborhood of fifty houses abutting my land does not.
We had a similar issue near me in Scotland about 20 years ago. We have regulators at the enterance to every building now so gas meters cant rupture if theres a pressure increase
Great video once again. I was in Victoria, Australia when the Longford gas plant exploded. It's only after things go wrong that you realize how complex these networks are and how dangerous they  can be if they're not properly overseen
a bit of information on gas disasters: the evacuation distance for a natural gas leak was established by taking a donated house, filling it with a perfect mix of gas and air, and setting it off.  then they simply measured the greatest distance shrapnel flew.  so remember that if you want to crowd up to the barricades for a closer look at an emergency scene.
Hi Grady!  We should switch away from natural gas and toward full electrification as soon as possible.
I remember this day very vividly. I was still in school and hanging out near the LHS park. The first time a saw the cloud was towards the direction of KFC.  I had run over a mile to get my parents as the streets were closed and the smell of gas was potent.   Rip Leo, I met him back in middle school and it’s sad that we never got the opportunity to graduate together as this was our final year in HS
I live in Merrimac, it was so sad to see, and scary...
you just made me utterly terrified of living in this (gas heated) appartment our cuntry's not known for having the best infrastructure :s
As a follow up, having discussed pilot operated regulator valves, you could discuss the same but on the water side for storage tank level control.  For example, I saw one PWS consistently overflow one of their tanks because the altitude valve was not adjusted properly and the height was controlled via another storage tank.  Every day as I was driving through the town, there was either sign of overflow or the tank was actively overflowing.  Try to hit USEPA unaccounted for water (10%) when you're dumping water, at cost to the consumer (everyone).  This might not be the norm, but it does happen and everyone pays for it!  The towns unaccounted for water was @ 24%, think about that the next time you get a water bill!  I won't even get into the wastewater side of things!
Well this video is going to be extremely informative for me, I live in the Merrimack Valley, so this is very location relevant.
I remember that one all over the news. That's why I have my own regulators now even if the plumber thought me eccentric.
Don't most homes have a pressure regulator at the meter?
What is beyond me is that gas pipelines like this are still used. Electrification of all system isn't any harder or expensive than maintenance of the gas system - because show me a modern city with gas but not with electircity. It would actually be more efficient to spin turbines with that gas to make energy than burn it at homes or bussinesses. And this isn't even  accounting climate effects of those small leaks here and there now and then.  Also electric grid can run on any power source.
Simply unexplainable wonton criminal negligence. Even so, surely there must be government oversight on dangerous critical infrastructure like this, to ensure that these organisations are operating with adequate skills, care and safety culture.
I have never heard USA called New England
Induction stoves are pretty cool, right?
Great video, but overall the videos audio was a little echoy/open room effect.
There is a thin veneer of hyper competent professionals that keep the lights on and the water drinkable, replace them with the unworthy and the water turns brown and the lights go out.
And yet our idiocracy wants more natural gas
Thanks for the clear and detailed explanation.  Question: Who went to jail for this?  Nobody?  Mitt Romney, former Governor of Mass, famously said "Corporations are people" but I've never seen a corporation go to jail for anything.  Just pay some fines and be on their merry way.
WOW, Good information.
Should look up the Blenheim New York gas explosion, I was a kid back when it happened in 1990 and we were at school (Gilboa Conesville Central School) , crews had just fixed a pipeline and my friends were on the bus that had just passed through, the blast was massive.
Can't forget that poor prick who got outside and waited it out in his SUV only to have the chimney fall on top of him😬
The systems should be protected buy a PRV pressure relief valve.
great content!
Thank you for educating terrorists, they need desperately the attack methods... I do not care about that fart, may be only about old criminal fart on white house
I understand the frustrations that regs can cause but just about "every safety regulation is written in blood". Standards and regulations come into effect usually after someone is killed.
This is unrelated, but the acoustics in your recording space sound different - it feels like you're in a much larger space somehow?
aye my hometown lmfao
I can’t imagine being the guys installing the pipe and just hearing and seeing explosions in the distance and just know that something went wrong
But remember, regulation is communism, or something! 😒
This is tragic in general,  and in particular for its avoidability. The technical details are very interesting, thank you for the content
I wish you would look into what happened at the Kemper co coal plant. I helped build it. It was a first of it's kind lignite refinery. 7.5 billion dollars were spent before they deemed it a failure. I think it was sabotaged by the builders..
crime_wav 4 minutes ago I work for a gas utility in regulation. You did a pretty bang on job. The reason they would run them so far was to get away from any turbulence. Imo low pressure systems can be a little scary because there is no regulation in the system other than the regs upstream making the pressure cut. There may have been relief valves downstream and if they were placed and sized right, they should get rid of that pressure. But being that regulation set had a backup regulator, they may not have had to have a relief valve on it because the backup reg is your backup. At least with a medium pressure system, say 10-20 psi, the house meters are going to have a regulator on them that could handle some pressure. Low pressure system, whatever pressure is coming to that meter is going into the house.
I live in southern NH so this was a big deal locally. One thing I don't understand is I though natural gas systems all have regulators at the customer meter. Was that not the case in this disaster or did the over pressure damage the regulators?
Seems to me it would have been prudent to include an emergency vent in the low pressure distribution system. Possibly by having a predetermined failure point that is designed to mechanically fail once the pressure in the system significantly exceeds the rating of the system and vent the system in reasonably safe manner.
were the people whose homes got deleted get compensated
Is there a list of states that do require PE stamps on these sorts of projects?
My question is, how can someone argue for less regulation of companies when this can be a result of their cost cuts
As a former controls programmer, I am a bit surprised that there were no high pressure shutdowns (measurement and valves) built into the discharge side of the regulators.
My parents and sister’s family live in North Andover. Your explanation of events is a calm summary of the engineering failure. The reality of that day was very different. Houses exploding, fires, sirens…in a panic my sister is searching for her kids, packing up the car and running from their home not knowing if it was intentional or an accident. I had 10 people living in my house for the next week. This should never have happened and for profit companies can’t be trusted to regulate themselves, strict oversight is needed.
Hey that’s my town. What a wild night (and the year that followed as the whole town was torn up and all the gas lines and appliances were replaced).
Nebula is awesome but the search engine, recommendations and general UX still need some work.
We must replace ALL the pipes and a bunch of appliances? If only there was an opportunity to stop using gas.
If this system management was connected to AI, this would have been avoided.
I can't say I remember hearing about this back then. Imagine being a gas utility worker* doing that job and you realize the whole town started blowing up, that must be awful. Seeing that map of all the locations that were on fire was frightening.
I truely appreciate the content you make, always informative and always interesting! Thank you!
Whoever decided that gas pipelines need that PE exemption needs to think long and hard about their life choices. What a braindead decision!
I actually never heard of this disaster, thanks for shining some light on it
Very cool to see this coverd I live in one of the neighboring cities to Lawrence and can remember the panic, and all of us scrambling to turn off our gas not fully knowing what was happening . Following the explosions many homes in my area had there gas meters/regulators relocated from the basement to outside the home i think so that if something similar ever occurred again the outdoor regulators would vent the excess pressure outside instead of into the structure.
I'm curious about the balloons that block the gas during the installation - how are they inserted and extracted without causing a leak?
I am camper  exactly on top of a big gas pipe line in Arizona -
It is good to see the NTSB didn't try to throw the trades under the bus and showed that management totally dropped the ball.
4:30~: Please, please please clean your glasses D;
Why would they not have overpressure relief valves in the system? would it not be safer to have it vent in controlled locations than what happened?
4:14 I’m really not understanding why you have to specify the gauge ignores atmospheric pressure. That’s pandectic overload. At least I know though
In this case they had to sell their infrastructure.  WHY IS NORFOLK SOURTHERN ALLOWED TO STILL EXIST!!!!!
*Reduces pressure in own internal gas network, just to be safe* 🌪🌪🌪🌪🌪
“No, we gotta privatize and cut costs! Who needs all these egg heads reviewing plans!? all they do is complain that its not safe enough.” - Some irresponsible clown 🤡
6:40 Oh nooooooo they didn't... 8:30 Oh noooooo they did. Ooooooooops😬
Thank you for all the hard work you put into these videos. They're always very interesting topics you share with us.
I was one of the electricians who worked on restoring all this and making sure houses were safe. All over Lawrence and Andover. It was crazy times
Didn't know the NTSB investigated pipeline accidents.
We're the cruel regulators smoking cigaro, cigaro, cigar Cool, in denial
As an oil and gas operator, this is one of my biggest fears. Not tying in the sensing instruments to the control loop. Especially dangerous when commissioning a new line/equipment. Really not sure how this would be missed though. Hot Taps usually have very intensive oversight.
3:59 thank you for satisfying my curiousity with that demonstration lol
Merrimack Valley sounds like the name of either some background hobbit in LOTR in the Shire, or some Star Wars deep lore character, tbh.
My respect goes to firefighters risking their lives to get this nasty situation under control
3:53 I’m not gunna lie keeping it all in the tube was impressive I thought we were going to have a blowout
Having worked underground and in old buildings in and around Seacoast, NH down to Boston for a number of years, I’m shocked we don’t hear about any number of infrastructure-related disasters on the daily.  Thank you so much for your absolutely brilliant contributions here on YT. Positive that children the world over, for generations, will become engineers because of you. 🤗🫶🏻
Yay, more content!
Town: Explodes 31 Governors: I’m gonna pretend I didn’t see that
Thank you for this video. I was one of the many firefighters from New Hampshire that responded down there. Was one of the scariest days in my career.
Good morning Grady. Thanks for the great content bud.
Super excited for the new video
new video just dropped
Wow I'm early! Cheers
Hey first in, love the content dude, really makes the workday fly by
First!!! Love your work, it is so informative. Thank you.
Hi from korea
