Thanks for watching, everyone!  Upon further inspection, *everyone's gravestone puzzle is different and you don't have to beat all the bosses to unlock the ghosts in the graveyard.*  You'll have to use the climbing competition NPCs to verbally tell you the combination.  For example: 1st place: "I'm the winner and all is RIGHT in the world." 2nd place: "I've been DOWN all morning, but this second place finish has me smiling!" 3rd place: "My pals cheered me on, but I let 'em DOWN. LEFT the race in third." Starting at the middle grave stone: RIGHT = middle-right gravestone, DOWN = bottom gravestone, DOWN LEFT = bottom-left gravestone  Hope that helps clarify!
does parrying (so getting health) give you some points?
Hiiiii I am a big fan
You said all the bosses in the game.18:22
ok im having a lot of trouble with the graveyard puzzle... the climbers are saying: 1. "There's no way the others could have caught me! I left 'em in the dust!" 2. "Second place? I've had it up to here with second place!" 3. All I can do is throw my hands up. Left to wallow in third place." what's the order supposed to be????
Illuminati's medal.  But the puzzle itself is hard, where players got stuck.
Guys how do i do left left up thw 1st and 2nd said left and then 3rd said up
This dlc is too good to be 8$ I wouldn’t have minded paying more for such excellent quality thankfully i have yet to get both on my xbox
Bro I just got the dlc and I beat the dog guys3rd try and a ranked it wtf
It's not what he said for the it might not be what he said it would it's random talk to the contestants then the directions are what you put in and do put broken relic on tho then secret boss
Omg Thank you this video helps me a lot😮
I'm having trouble with mine but I still can't get it I even did the contest and it won't work
L
Where the climbers
it does not have to be the dlc bosses
Your code is not the same as ours
help me please 1st:I was first to the top,and those losers were left down to the bottom! 2nd:I got right at the crack of dawn Just to get in 2nd?! 3rd:I thought i had left behind being a bum.Third Place! what a Joke.
it''s prairie dogs
you now tha it isint the same code for all
The gravestone ones I think are randomised  1:48
Does it have to be regular or can it be simple mode
It did'nt work
Everyone's answer to the gravestone riddle is different mine was top left bottom, right down, left up so it just all depends on what the Mount climbers say and you have to ask them in order as in 1st 2nd 3rd place which is center, left, far right!!!!
I got the DLC cuphead and the delicious that's cool in the delicious last course but I noticed that you have to finish the actual game first
it doesn't work
1:40 bruh not working
1:40 I tried clicking those three gravestones with the broken Relic equipped and it didn't work, is the code different on Xbox One or am I missing a step? I've already beat all the bosses.
Someone please help me with mine.  1st place: "Leave it to an upright citizen like me to win the whole thing!"  2nd place: "Second place just ain't right! Down one place from last year."  3rd place: "All I can do is throw my hands up, left to wallow in third place."
Great video and really useful tips. The only thing I have to say is that he called the bone creatures inside of Glumstone the Giant Dinosaurs even though they are Crocodiles or Alligators.
The anteater's tongue is indeed parryable, but if you time it wrong or left too much antballs flying around, it's gonna be very dangerous, plus since you gain height from parries, parrying middle is a bad idea and top is even worse
wait how did you be chalice while having the relic equipped..? whattttt
Do you HAVE to do it in regular
Wow that's the worst secret boss in gaming history
You know the gravestone puzzle is different every time
Cupheads turning into Cod zombies with its Easter egg missions lmao
Someone help me on this mu one is :  1st place : I cant believe i won, things are looking up  2nd place : I got up right crack of dawn just to come in second place.  3rd place : I thought i left behind being a bun, Third place being a joke.  and i did it in this order, got up right, left BUT IT didnt WORK i feel like my game is broken
6:10 In the second phase of the Moonshine Mob, the rays that come out of the record player are music staffs.  When they are active, they are filled with notes, clefs, sharps, and flats.  When they are inactive(green), they are filled with whole rests.
cuphead fans: yeah my game is hard, especially the airplane levels jsab fans: the what now?
Can someone pls help me I really can’t do this  #1 As a winner I never gave up! Left ‘em looking foolish  #2 I’ve been down all morning, but this second place finish has me smiling!  #3 it ain’t right! I trained too hard only to come in third!
If you pay attention, you realize that the angel and demon are the two sides of the devil, as they both have horns, along with the fact that the skeleton in the background is the devil’s skeleton
I don't get what it does can someone tell me?
I can’t figure out what it means
I can already see those speedrunners who do S ranks no damage at the distance...
Howling aces secret makes the 3rd phase easier
Did you know you could Perry the tongue like three times in the third phase
its diffren  t for everyone talk to the top 3 on the thing near the start  edit: at the winning 3 area
For howling aces if you let’s the dogs in the jet packs smoke but not kill them it will make the third face a little for bullet thing (can’t say hell because it’s four dragons throwing things) but it’s much easier than the controls being inverted
I found out you can just fight normal bosses with the cursed relic to make it the divine relic
Which one was the secret boss?
help my climbers say “1st i always win! i am downright awsome!” my 2nd says “ second place? ive had it up to here with second place “ and 3rd says “ worse that last year! down to the third place  “
Am I the only one who didn’t realize you could duck under the yarn balls in the doggone dogfight?
I'm legit watching as I'm playing TF2 and I don't got the DLC, I only watch because i'm bored.
I feel like every video game company likes abdallah
U actually have to go to the winners and talk to 1 then 2 then 3 they say a number then go to the tombstones and click the number said to the winners
Do you think that secret Devil fight has an angel cause in Christian lore Devil was angel before touching himself to much ?
4:09
Can someone help me with my gravestone puzzle, I can’t seem to figure it out. 1st place:I was the first to the top, and those losers were left down at the bottom 2nd place: second place? I’ve had it up to here with second place 3rd place:all I can do it throw my hands up left to wallow in third place.
The dude’s name is salt baker and you thought it was sugar or clouds?
e
You can parry the tounge of the boss at 8:05
Just so you know, the graveyard puzzle is the 1st placer’s Quadrants, then the 2nd’s lastly the third’s.
You actually don't need to have it equipped, just as long as you have the charm in your inventory it'll upgrade
Tip: Talk to the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place winners near “GNOME WAY OUT”. They will give you clues.
Als0, parrying gives you HP back
This guide for the puzzle is unreliable, because it is random f0r every player. Use the hints fr0m the p0dium pe0ple t0 s0lve the puzzle. The 0rder g0es from first t0 third, then you’ll have access t0 this b0ss. Y0u can als0 beat the Isle three b0sses instead 0f DLC, it w0rked f0r me =) Edit: s0rry, I didn’t see the t0p c0mment, s0 ignore the first tw0 sentences
I wish the nightmare (Angel/Devil) b0ss was replayable, it was s0 fun!
what happens if you do 2 player on the secret boss?
For me it didn’t work
The gravestones are different for each person
I can't figure this out man I don't think I'll ever get it.  But that's ok.
Family friendly? Nah I’m family hostile
The gravestones are different for everyone
This one is going to be tough
when the aardvark showed up, I just went, "well, well, well... look who it is" I haven't seen that cartoon in forever. glad they brought him in
The last ghost shakes his head no
Mine is down,left,up dunno what that means
For the Mortimer Freeze boss, if you don't shoot him, he'll summon Gunther. Parry a fish into Gunther's mouth, and he'll go get Finn and Jake, who'll take care of the boss for you. Instead of "Knockout!" you hear "Acceptable!"
it dose not work for me?
Can you use DLC weapons on main island?
At 17:21 its salt because he's a salt shaker. Also the little enemies Are also salt shakers and try sneze out a grain of salt
For those wondering about difficulty, I did 4 Non-DLC bosses on Simple, and then 2 DLC bosses on Simple => No Divine Relic. Then I did 5 Non-DLC bosses on Regular, and 2 DLC bosses on Regular => Divine Relic obtained!
Can you beat the bosses on Simple difficulty with the Cursed Relic? Does that still count?
So the cursed relic just forces you to do a no hit
BRUH i did all of my bosses on expert not knowing i could’ve done it on regular 😭 i was stressing so much
The last boss in the story is salt if anyone said that props to u
You forgot to mention while you have the broken relic that you have one HP
All the codes are doffrent i think
I don’t think I would even be able to do Cagney Carnation, heh.
The attacks of the spider AND THE SPIDER are from unused bosses (the spider was a unused boss too)
You don't get to keep the Cursed Relic after getting the Divine Relic?  I know they're the same, but it's a game and the curse is a fun challenge.
Little tip for everyone, make sure to parry during your fights. Since you have pretty much every charm equipped, the parry ring will be active. You can gain health by parrying so you won't be on your toes with 1 HP
The gravestone combination didn't work :/
And  what happens if you die?
Links awakening colour cave in a nutshell
O core foi o primeiro 🗿🍷
They even build a Kaizo mod into the dlc
Its salt the guys true form
Those light dance boos fight reminds me of the 1st boss made that weird thing
those arnt cats throwing yarn balls, its dogs throwing tennis balls
This is so cool. Thanks for letting me know. I think its going to be a while until I beat salt baker...
I don't know if I'm just an idiot, but I heard the DLC was supposed to be  simple and fun but I'm actually having a hard time with even just the first boss battle. Also I have beaten the whole game before...
Please mention, that puzzle for secret boss is randomized, and not everyone gonna have the same graves as you have :)
17:15 that's his ghost  esends....                Salt
Teh gravestones won’t work and I did teh things that the people siad
Can someone HELP me please? Mine is: 1) Im an upright Citizen 2) I left Downtown early. I came in second 3) I was down to third place.
17:15 a cream or cloud his name is salt shaker  he’s. A salt shaker
"If you didn't download the DLC what are you waiting for" Me: money
Did anyone realise the 2nd boss 2nd phase it is a boss that didn't come into cuphead.The boss is a frog with 2 heads which is a creator of cuphead
The part where you fight the angel and demon bosses, there's a large skeleton in the background. Is that the remains of the devil from the main game?
Why isnt it working for me?
Hehe, I got to this boss on my own, without any help. I am so proud of myself because of it.
Im pretty sure its salt on the final phase of chef SALTbaker
I like how there are two different knockout animations for the howling aces fight depending on if you beat the 3rd phase in the laser part or the bowl part
1:40 this is wrong, it’s randomised for every new playthrough, hence why the NPC characters are giving the hints to the puzzle
I did it. This was hard as hell, i can't tell you how many times i came so close to breaking my switch. Thanks fo the help.
Do you have to do the bosses in order or in any order?
the conbanation didnt work for me can someone help?
can anyone help with this  1 you say it was a left-handed tit to leave my friends over there 2 I get up at dawn to train me and only finish second 3 worse than last year! I'm down in third place Feedback
Him:”with this equipped you’ll have no problem challenging the games expert mode” Me:”…I think I would of completed expert mode BEFORE I got the divine relic.”
i still want a cuphead boss where it starts as a flying boss then after a phase or two turns into an auto runner boss, or a standard level that turns into a plane level
I was really hoping the relic was meant to be a sort of challenge curse mode.  Although I guess you could beat the DLC, beat the game, unlock expert mode, and then beat every boss with the cursed relic on expert mode for the ultimate challenge. Btw you can instantly take out the snail mob boss by using your laser super, at least on regular mode.
does this work on simple mode too?
for the howling aces you can not do damage to the pups and end up in a different and easier 3rd phase
I need help 1.i was the first to the top. And those losers were left down at the bottom. 2 Second place I’ve had it up to here with second place. 3 I thought i had left behind being a bum. Third place what a joke .
Was not expecting Abdallah to hit trending, great video like always man!
Can we just talk about the MAD face that chef saltbaker has in the final battle?  Love this
Hello Abdallah, can you do the boss fights on simple with the relic and still get the reward?
That parry didn't work in Baroness Von Bon, and that's a real mistake cause she's pink, just like Saltbaker's corrupted heart 😅💜
Thanks for watching, everyone!  Upon further inspection, *everyone's gravestone puzzle is different and you don't have to beat all the bosses to unlock the ghosts in the graveyard.*  You'll have to use the climbing competition NPCs to verbally tell you the combination.  For example: 1st place: "I'm the winner and all is RIGHT in the world." 2nd place: "I've been DOWN all morning, but this second place finish has me smiling!" 3rd place: "My pals cheered me on, but I let 'em DOWN. LEFT the race in third." Starting at the middle grave stone: RIGHT = middle-right gravestone, DOWN = bottom gravestone, DOWN LEFT = bottom-left gravestone  Hope that helps clarify!
btw there is a secret phase for the howling aces is keep the little ones alive
The Devils Skeleton just Vining in the background and the puppets are King Dice and The Devil also the Spider boss is a reference to one of the original bosses but was never in the game
I was lied to. I was told dlc was free for anyone who previously owned the game.
if the little fireball wasn’t in the final boss, it would’ve been so much easier
Kortifex approves
Game: "All you have to do is beat every boss with 1hp and negative status effects!" Me, who just barely beat the game standard: "No, I'm good."
I beat seven bosses on normal difficulty with this on and nothing happened.   Edit.  You have to best the final DLC boss with the cursed relic on to get this Divine one.
Zack Scott Games order was top right top left and left
I can relate totally to all of this. It is hard to explain this to people who love to socialise, I lose friends because i will avoid going out. I also struggle to keep up with tasks, people think you are lazy. Thank you for helping me and hopefully others to understand how difficult this can be to live with each day. 😘😘😘
I would like to point out that in 10:13 you said plates while they were quite clearly dog food bowls
Help please  first one: I was the first to the top, and those losers were lef down at the bottom  The second :Second place! The only thing left to do is get better for next year.  The thirdWorse than last year! Down to third place
Can you do the bosses on easy mode for this to work?
Does the devine relic change weapons when you stop shooting or do you press the switch
Actually the gravestones change with every playthrough, you need to talk to the climbing champions to get the code
Funny thing is from what someone told me which wasn't entirely correct was that I only had to beat the salt baker with the relic and I did it but now I cant beat the others. But I keep getting close.
I don’t know why but the plane level was one of the easiest bosses
Question, for the cursed relic charm part (i’m talking about the part where you have to beat all the DLC bosses with it) does simple mode count for it?
Besides can  we say that the theme song is sooooo goood
Someone tell me why I’m not allowed to reach this battle? I have beaten all the bosses except for one kings challenge battle and I’ve purchased everything except the parry ring. I equip the relic and touch the gravestones and, nothing happens. What am I doing wrong?
The code thing doesn’t work
Cuphead is the epitome of a game I would dislike playing, but absolutely love the artstyle, world building, music, oozing passion, and sheer quality of.
This is basically trying to S rank a certain boss
6:10 In the second phase of the Moonshine Mob, the rays that come out of the record player are music staffs.  When they are active, they are filled with notes, clefs, sharps, and flats.  When they are inactive(green), they are filled with whole rests.
You have to love this level of challenge and giving you a reward that is extreamly good
It is my head cannon that we are fighting the split persona of the devil that was killed in the main game.
why mag man not in the background
I just finishefd the dlc and I don't have the divine relic? Is there a specific thing you have to do to get it?
Dang, the animation for the Chef Salt Baker boss is awesome!
You have to beat everyone on dlc island with one hp and your weapons are randomized … nope
It's not working for me
For those wondering, you DON’T have have to defeat the DLC bosses with the relic to un-curse it. On my save, I defeated 5 bosses from inkwell isle 1 & 2, and then fought 2 DLC bosses and got the trophy/divine relic.
Someone help !  for me the guy in first says “I was the first to the top, and those losers were left down at the bottom!”  Guy in second says “I may have gotten second place, but I think I did all right.”  Guy in third says “Third place? I guess things can only go up from here!”
Actually the code different every world.
chef was the last battle like the demon
Does the difficulty have to be Regular or Expert?
I've love cuphead the delicious last course but I live in Africa so it isn't cheap
This is when Cuphead become really difficult
To people reading this: Some of the information in this video isn't fully accurate.  You see, you don't NEED to do 6 bosses on specifically Isle 4, you just need to do 6 bosses overall as long as you got the charm equipped. Wanna do Goopy? Devil? Sure go for it, it still counts! 'Ight thats all have a nice day y'all, this DLC has been awesome.
Actually the gravestones are random for each player you just have to look at what all the miners are saying and you will get the code depending on 1st place then 2nd then 3rd.
Just wanna let you know: The dialogue is actually randomized for the three climbers. It's not consistent.
First Place🥇: I’m the winner and all is right in the world Second Place🥈: Second place just ain’t right! down one place from last year Third Place🥉: Third Place? I guess things can only go up from here!
Dose it have to be on a specific difficulty?
The broken relic becomes more broken after it becomes divine lol
Can some one help me mine says   1st I can’t believe I’ve won things are Looking up   2nd I may have gotten second place but I think a did all right  3rd I thought I had left behind being a bum third place what a joke
not related but the ladder in the dlc island that has the minigames disappeared how do i get it back?? do i have to beat the bosses?? please help im confused if its supposed to do that or not
Can i play with the cursed relic on simple mode?
Ok so basically If you play as chalice for the whole thing Cuphead will get captured But if you play as Cuphead or Mugman chalice gets captured? Interesting, imma see if i can get Mugman captured
I just realized when esther sucks herself up the vacuum turns into an "acme cooker" and turns her into a hotdog. I didn't even see that she was a hotdog until now.
If I use the genie to get to lives instead of one can I still unlock the divine relic
Help it’s not working
They really just said just take all of them after seeing the community say smoke dash is to op
Help can I beat all bosses on simple ?
In order to get the Divine Relic do you have to beat all the bosses on a certain mode or can it be any one?
Really cool
Does any know for  1. I always win! I’m downright awesome  2. I’ve been down all morning, but this Second  place finish has me smiling  3. It ain’t right I trained too hard only to come in third
I do wanna clear some things up, you can do any boss to progress the relic, it doesn't have to be the dlc ones
You dont have the beat all the isle 4 bosses to get the divine relic. Just the Chef. You can do the other five if you feel like it tho  EDIT: turns out you DO have to fight other bosses, but not specifically the other isle 4 bosses. I'm not sure what the minumum requirements are, but you can just fight the chef and do some other boss fights after and eventually it will become divine. Choose whichever fights you are most comfortable with
Does it have to be the DLC bosses or can you do any boss and can you do simple
i cant solve the puzzele
Why doesn't it work for me?
Spread the gospel god loves you so as jesus love you all and goodnight and I I I have a great day today and I pray that you Spread the word of God amen to that God bless you and repent for your sins and prayers for Ukraine and don't let temptation ever overcome you be strong against temptation guys love you all and goodnight and repent asap 💖. Share this message pleaseSpread the gospel god loves you so as jesus love you all and goodnight and I I I have a great day today and I pray that you Spread the word of God amen to that God bless you and repent for your sins and prayers for Ukraine and don't let temptation ever overcome you be strong against temptation guys love you all and goodnight and repent asap. Share this message please 🙏. Spread the gospel god loves you so as jesus love you all and goodnight and I I I have a great day today and I pray that you Spread the word of God amen to that God bless you and repent for your sins and prayers for Ukraine and don't let temptation ever overcome you be strong against temptation guys love you all and goodnight and repent asap. Share this message please 🙏. Spread the gospel god loves you so as jesus love you all and goodnight and I I I have a great day today and I pray that you Spread the word of God amen to that God bless you and repent for your sins and prayers for Ukraine and don't let temptation ever overcome you be strong against temptation guys love you all and goodnight and repent asap 💖. Share this message please
Converge shot dose most damege? Or is it cherged charge shot,or lobber,or spread
They added fricking cryogen into cuphead
Someone could help me out? English its not my primary language and i pretty sure the official translation mess things up.  The first place says: I'm the winner and all is right in the world  The Second place says: Second place? I've had It up here with second place!  Third place says: Worse than Last Year! Down to third place.  I was think the aswer was:  X - X - 1 X - X -  2 X - X - 3  i Dumb as hell 😭😭😭
8:00 For anyone wondering. Yes, you can parry the tongue
I didn't work for me
A ton of people are talking about the moonshine mob having so much cut content remade but what about the tournament? The horse especially reminds me a lot of the octopus in the airship if someone remembers.
Just so everyone knows the ghost thing is always different and it’s always the people that are in first second and third place
The best part of Dlc is The fight of Chef Saltbaker.His angry mad face though.❤
can you get the divine relic if you beat all the bosses in simple mode?
howling aces is actully Tom and jerry at the attack Tom he spits out yarn
Aw hell naw, spunch bob wearin a skirt
The divine reliec is the equivalent of "free s tier"
Someone help me: 1st: I may have won, but I don't look down on anyone trying to compete. 2nd: I left downtown in a hurry, and forgot my gear, I'll settle for second. 3rd: they think they're better than me? They can stick it right up their nose!
i cant figure out my code, here are what the hikers say left to right: "I left downtown in a hurry, and forgot my gear, I'll settle for second." "I cant believe i've won! Things are looking up!" "it's downright criminal they let these other jokers compete."
I did the graveyard puzzle on accident lmao
Beat boss in easy dificult counts to stack the cursed relic?
Imagine beating all of the normal Cuphead bosses with the Cursed Relic. That'd be quite the challenge.
Someone help me? 1st: I may have won, but I don’t look down on anyone for trying to compete.  2nd: second place just ain’t right! Down one place from last year.  3rd: I thought I had left behind being a bum. Third place! What a joke.
Hello @AbdallahSmash026
I did that order but it won't work
There's another secret guys! If you spin around in circles in the overworld then the genie from the main game will double your health.
Can you use djimmis wish that give you extra hp, Or does that not count?
doesn't work
The graveyard puzzle solution isn't the same always I tried your one but it failed
Can somebody pleas tell me can u play 2 player in the game or is it just singel player
Do i need to do it on expert ?
the final phase is the salt from Saltbaker breaking
Glumstone reminds me of a cut episode character from a Betty Boop episode
Can you replay the secret boss?
I can’t remotely figure my code out, any help would be appreciated: “I’m the winner and all is right in the world” “Second place just ain’t right! down one place from last year” “Third place? I guess things can only go up from here!”
I've Watched Your Channel For A While Mainly For The Yoki Watch 2 Videos
I won't be able to do that no hit but I'll definitely try because the end is entirely worth it
do Djimmi’s wishes affect this at all?
The gravestones dont work 4 me
I accidentally forgot to take off the relic charm before doing the secret boss so I had to do it as cuphead 🤣🤣🤣
The broken relic is BROKEN literary it can lead to get any charm with every weapon with the last relic
THE FNF CUPHEAD BATTLE IN INDIE CROSS MAKES SENSE NOW BECAUSE OF THIS CHARM
I just realized that it was the devils skull, I knew the angel and the demon looked familiar lol
Bro, it didn’t work :( Another combination?
they added the light but pachinko is still missing
The order in which you do the grave puzzle is actually random for everyone. Talk to the climbers to find the right order :D
Didnt realized that the skeleton on the middle of the boss fight is a stop motion skeleton
The projectiles in phase 2 where pieces of pepper and that in phase 3 was all salt.
Also in the second boss you did with the thing whatever it’s called the radio is actually a boss fight that got deleted in cuphead 1
You figure out the puzzle from the contestants it’s different for everyone I think
Did you now that the light shoot with 3 bullets is actually a deleted thing in the first cuphead
Did anyone see the devils skull in the background of the secret final boss.
Does this work on simple mode?
the code doesnt work for me :(
6:14 is that the unused "light" boss mechanic
Moonshine mobs second phase is the secret unrealesed laser thing but different laser and the safe ones are a different cooler but the nes that damage you are the same color and the middle has the first cuphead design but in moonshine it looks like elder kettles radio.
Omg i have finally found you I’ve watched you since yokai watch 1 man you have brought me so many memories
"Cuphead is dark souls but on a cartoon game"
so what's that red little thing the Salt shaker puts inside him before he enters his second stage?
Because salthaker is a salt thing the white stuff is most likely to be salt. It makes tons of sense because it's litterally in his name. "Salt" so it's salt.
11:13 *"He brings out his big whale and tries to hit you with it"*
Anyone got any tips on how to beat the devil?
Its ramdome
Spread = Shotgun
Its not werking i dont now why ? Thé gravestone
Thanks for helping
I have a *modded* nintendo switch so this may be impossible to get (man i sure do miss alot of the good things)
can u replay the boss?
17:15 I think those are chef saltbaker's insides
It won’t work for me do you need to beat all dlc bosses first? Also does it work on switch?
Can we just talk about the MAD face that chef saltbaker has in the final battle?  Love this
The graveyard puzzle doesn't work for me, is it random?
As a Cuphead veteran this is gonna be a fun little challenge  Also I know I can just do a run without getting hit but its not the same as having 1 HP with a side of ANXIETY meanwhile without it I'm just having a no hit run
Doesnt work for me
What’s a good word for this wait I know amazing
Well this is the world there’s a secret boss to me and I am in
Good video
Cant wait to play this:D
Fun fact: in the moonshine mob’s second phase the attacks are the same as a cut boss
The moonshine mob actually takes some inspiration from unused bosses in cuphead, remember the unused giant spider guy that had a hat and suit? yeah that thing was scrapped but it looks a lot like the first phase. And then the 2nd phase with the lasers reminds me of a scrapped boss and the place holder was a tiny green guy in a hat, and there were lasers shooting out of him, and the battle field was also very similar to the one in the moonshine boss fight, the anteater… nothing comes to mind in unused bosses when I think of the anteater
I updated my game and Ms. Chalice didn’t appear in the intro for me and I haven’t beat the game and I don’t have all of the powers. What do I do
Abdallah you almost gave me a heart attack! I thought you streamed it! Thank god I checked!
it's random
How did you already beat the game
Tysm it helped
oh boy
