thank you guys so much for being so mature and thoughtful in the comments! Your responses are really interesting and I’m happy our community can handle topics as sensitive as these in this way. 💕💕💕
TPN gives me such a like.. feeling to even hear again cuz around season 1's end, I SOBBED so hard.. I never watched season 2. Maybe one day but I do NOT see that happening. I love the art tho! Don't let racist commenters call you racist for daring to redo a company's awful stereotypes. Even as a kid, Sister Krone looked weird to me.
I thought the one from the promised Neverland was just a style choice to make her look more scary
I totally agree with the fact that sister krone looks like a different artstyle. its like she was singled out, cuz if you see jemima she looks like the same artstyle. it could be because she's a child but when sister krone was younger she still had that different artstyle look.
0:58 I was not ready for that reveal what I pictured in my head was SO different LMAO 😭  Edit: The redesign did her justice that's more like how I imagined it lolz
9:45 I thought her mouth was a scar
i love how your way of rescuing a black character was to strip them of all their black features /s
9:25 that’s a mouth?? i genuinely thought she had a gaping cut under her eye 😭
awful fact: sister krone’s name in japanese is “kurone”, kuro translates to black. her name is a pun on black. are you serious??.. is this jk rowling naming the characters or?? and the weird part is there ARE well presented black characters in the promised neverland, for example jemima and maybe don (i’m not sure about him, to me he looks south asian)
5:37 i know The design is stereotypical but as a Brazilian isen’t hard to find black womans similar to her
for sister krone her design i think fits without it i think the fact she did look so different made her so much better she was INSANE ok I think her face fits it so much sure she looks older but it grew so much on me shes a diva
Ilulu looks so AWESOME.
3:50 this redesign is so like how I imagined her not like what she looks like in the show
1:00 ok listen, everyone has different body types, no matter the age, and some 16 year olds do have a bigger chest like that, BUT breasts are made of fat, and usually a chest as big as that is coupled with more fat around the rest of the body as well. It really bothers me how in anime they forget that fact…
What is wrong with sister Krone ?   Like I'm black in an African country. They're so many women who look like her here. What is wrong with black women who do look like that ?  It may be an umpopular opinion but if you're not enough educated on black people, stop trying to "fix" black characters. All you did is turn her into a white girl who happens to have black skin. Because without colors, no one would imagine that your redesign is supposed to be a black woman. You basically ripped away all our features.
0:58 that literally looks like a child, but you just slapped melons on them and called it a day
I'm really shaking my head with that dog design, the mouth being under her eyes looks so weird. Like did nobody say anything in the concept phase.
0:57 I pictured something straight from berserk
I love the word “rescuing” and not “fixing” specifically because fixing is so commonly such a horrible thing in the world of art social media
Am I the only one who at first thought that Becky’s mouth was a scar and was confused what lavender was talking about T-T
4:50 what, like some sort of…     Teen Spirit?
love the illulu redesign, it tells you so much more about her backstory
0:56 I... didn't even try to imagine her. I honestly just went: "...and, obviously, they're going to give her big tits." It still surprised me when I saw her design.
THE FEAR AND DISAPPOINTMENT AT SOME 😭😭
HELPPPPP I ONLY REALIZED AT 11:55 THAT THE HOLE IS HER NOSE. I THOUGHT IT WAS HER MOUTH. I ALSO THOUGHT SHE WAS A RABBIT AS WELL AND COMPLETELY DIDN'T SEE HER MOUTH. DAMN THAT CHARACTER DESIGN IS TRASH
0:54 I'm picturing a tan and tall woman, with messy, short and curly brown hair, a lot of tattoos and piercings, probably loose and layered clothes that look kinda burned and had some spray paint on it, elf ears, two horns with one of them being kinda broken, sharp teeths, boots  Wdym she looks like that?!
Ok but the creator of the first girl must be perverts cause who would make a character look like a child and have big....
12:27 i thought the lips were a kiss mark. i thought she just didnt have a mouth or something. wtf???
that becky character is a bit too weirdly draw even for saturday morning t.v
THE FIRST ONE LOOKS LIKE SHE IS BETWEEN 16 AND 23 YEARS OLD AND I LOVE IT
6:38 i don't think that is racist? It is just for scaring as i think
WHY IS SISTER KRONE SO COMPRESSED COMPARED TO HER ORIGINAL BODY..
I like this video. also. is it just me or am I the only one who thinks this pose would fit Sukuna? 2:49
3:03 youtube subtitles: "we know that she's extremely busty" WHAT.
The dragon maid character reminds me of when Cartman got implants
2:49 also I don’t think it’s bad to have a big chest. It’s just sexualized a lot, but it’s nothing necessarily sexual about big boobs.
The part that disturbs me the most about Kobayashi dragon maid is during the more serious and emotional scenes, the sexualized character designs are a bit too distracting and take away from the scene (I think that’s why we don’t see many serious scenes with Lucoa)
Ilulu’s redraw looks like a final boss who will kick your ass even with the most powerful gear
I love how your character designs are just litteraly more ethical to the character than the actual show😭
I’m not familiar with Tough Puppy, but I genuinely thought her mouth was just eye bags and that this was the kind of character design that didn’t show a mouth for animal characters
Sister Krone was supposed to be twenty-six??? I saw Promised Neverland YEARS ago, but never did she come across as in her twenties 😭 They made her look forty, poor lady
(I'm aware I'm commenting on a 2 year old video) but I recall a thing I saw of someone saying "dragonmaid would be good if the creator wasn't a creep" and I agree. I enjoy some parts of dragonmaid but some of the stuff in it isn't something I wanna support. and also fun fact! Ilulu's design was made to look older in the anime.  (I mean no harm to the creator with the quote I was saying)
Ilulu is probably the only Oppai Loli I will defend, when you take EVERYTHING into account: Lore, personality, trauma, growth, her different dynamics with the cast, everything. Ilulu is a decent character when you look beyond the flame sacks
I love Sister Krone sm so I adore this redesign 😭💞 I had such issues with her design in the anime. Also I used to love Tuff Puppy when I was little for some reason lmao
These redrawn designs are beautiful 🤩
Thank you so much for this lavender ❤️
Ty for the peak
"I found myself getting a little furry hypnotized" I mean same.
I was so surprised to see the first weird anime design being from a game i play that collaborated with said anime for Christmas lol
Draw them really obese
9:48 I kid you not I thought that mouth was supposed to be a bleeding gash in the face and she had no mouth what the hell am I looking at
0:30 it's like hyping it up and I'm like okay this is going to look so cool, and then the reveal happened and I was like well....
>Ilulu is bad design nope.avi
The original design for the first character(fire powers) gives a lot of "I want to draw busty girl but also only know how to draw chibi characters wearing t-shirts" vibes. It seriously looks like a beginner mistake and it is unclear to me how it went past quality control for the media production it was in. Think your design was much better leaning into the high fantasy aesthetic and it ends up looking really badass.
gy
It makes more visual sense for Ilulu to look like an angry punk teen I agree
I thought that the dog persons mouth was emo face paint at first 😅
About the first one, MY MOTHER BOUGHT ME THIS MANGA WITHOUT KNOWING WHAT'S INSIDE AND IT'S F*****G HENT@I😭🙏
5:08 this kind of looks like homestuck…
Finally, a title that matches your tone!
Ilulu looks like a kid who stuffed balloons down her shirt
6:26  I’m not supporting racism I hope but sometimes people can look like that? I know a few black people who look just like that and some who don’t. I personally love her design, she’s quite scary.
I loooove your Sister Krone, and I do think there are very QUESTIONABLE panels with her, but as someone who is half black, black people have those features. Black people *do* typically have wider noses and fuller lips.   It could have been handled better for sure but for people to say her having a wide nose and bigger lips is problematic is odd to me
Ah yes, Tough Puppy, my favorite anime/lh
Honestly the artist of tpn confuses me on their stylization of black people, because with some characters like Phil and don, they aren’t depicted in such an offensive way like sister krone is. I originally thought it was because they were kids and then I read the manga and saw how they drew Pepe vs how they drew Zack. I don’t know a lot about this but it’s weird that some characters are portrayed respectably and others from the same stories aren’t.
this video actually got me to look up michiko and hatchin. i may start watching it someday
6:22 personly I liked the fact she looked different than the rest with the style instead of her having the same face as everyone else bit I total agree
For the first one I literally pictured Karlach from Balders Gate 3 - needless to say the reveal was more than shocking lol
tough puppy girl would honestly look better without the mouth tbh
0:48 “that’s sounds really cool! That would be so much fun to draw and-” 0:59 “-wut” Edit: it’s not terrible, I was just imagining something completely different than what I saw 😅
I feel like sister krone swung too hard in the other direction and got a european makeover.
0:56 I’m imagining a tiefling from dnd 0:58 THE HELL IS THAT TODDLER-ADULT FRANKENSTEIN DOING HERE LIKE YOU COULD BALANCE A DRINK ON HER CHESE THAT IS NOT NORMAL LAST I CHECKED
i really had no problem with Krones design. in the manga she definitely looks so much more different than isabella or the other mothers/sisters. she is MEANT to be scary. i really love Krone as a character and i think her design is fine.  edit: came to notice that Jemima, one of the 6 yr olds who is also black does not have wide nose or larger lips, idk why its just for krone because i cant quite remember other blsck characters who also have a wide nose or larger lips but eh
If I just saw the imagie of the 16 year old lady,I would have thought it was an adult show.But aprently not.I like the redesign sense it makes her look more mean and agressive
im happy that you kept the first girl's large chest because i am SOOOOO sick of anime redesigners trying to make characters less sexualised by reducing the size of their chest. ive had big boobs since i was like 11-12 and im sick of seeing people act like a teenage girl with a large chest is an inherently sexual and creepy design choice. the size is not the problem, its the way they work with the character design. thank you for giving her a more supportive outfit too because what the fuck were her original designs..
Alright now make the entirety of promised Neverland cast in the same style as the sister [I forgot her name]
For the first one i legit thought she was in smth baggy and like crossing her arms 😳
6:26 the thing is that she is meet to be scary I don’t think there is anything wrong with her
When I first saw Ilulu's original design I thought it was parody
I know this video is two years old, but still, what's wrong with her belt?
I'm shocked Sakura wasn't there since she's the 2nd most hated anime character 😂
To give manga artists a fair shake it is true that asians have very small noses compared to anywhere else in the world, but most manga artists dont usually bother making their characters look more european when the story is set there. People's noses also usually grow larger as they get older.  Naoki Urasawa is pretty good at drawing a lot of different types of noses and keeping them all in the same style. I also think SpyxFamily is a good example of characters with non asian looking noses. As a matter of fact adults in SpyxFamily have noses that usually occupy most of their face but still feel like manga characters.  So yeah, it is possible to draw very large noses in a manga and not make them look weird.
The first one already flabbergasted me when i compared my picture vs what she really looked like💀🙏
1:35 huh?! I thought she was crossing her ARMS!
Wait that was a mouth? I thought it was just some weird pattern
I feel like I'm gonna get trashed for this opinion but I love ilulu's design and in the show it actually explains why she looks like that, it's because she can't fully use her human form and she's still learning how to have a human form, her hands are actually made of a bunch of mini hands which is weird but she's still learning on how to transform. Which a lot of the dragons in Miss Kobayashi's dragon maid still don't have a full grasp on their human forms. Also the comment about Tohru's age is completely wrong because she's much older than that, they are dragons after all, their human designs based on age (Kanna- child, Ilulu - Teen, Tohru - Young Adult, Lucoa - Middle Aged, Fafnir - Middle Aged )
I like Iruru
Ho wtf, people originated from other regions of the world have differents facials features. Just saying, but you are racist for ignoring those, and drawing her as an european. Can’t she have a bigger nose, and biggers lisp ?
WHY does the the dogs head look like a toilet
im so sorry but when i saw tpn i got so pissed 😭😭
Ngl “lopped off” Ilulu looks way better
9:29 I DIDN’T EVEN NOTICE THE MOUTH UNTIL YOU MENTIONED IT 😭😭
.. I thought Becky's mouth was her nose.....
how is Ilulu's spine not broken 💀💀
Did anyone else started thinking of the song evil by Melanie Martinez when she first says “she has horns on her head” 0:49
yea ik boobs are human anatomy but THE FIRST ONE DOESNT LOOK LIKE ITS NATURAL IT LOOKS LIKE SHE WENT TO SURGERY 20 TIMES
I love the first redesign, that uhmm... "flamesack" is just horrendous in original 😅 I agree with most stuff you said on the second one, but I don't think there's anything wrong with drawing her nose differently as anime is a pretty limited visually media and it pretty often highlights standing out features like that, no matter the race Third design is just horrid, I thought it was meant to be a toilet bowl humanoid from some adult swim show 😱
This reminds me of mitsuri. Girl is literally so strong but they gave her almost no muscle like what 😭 😭 she is literally so sweet, but the show did her SO dirty, someone give her a different uniform please 😭😭😭🙏
At first I thought that the tough puppy redesign (I was just looking at the pic) her mouth was some kind of blush(?)
I mean... Sure, you can draw everyone with straight noses/non-existent noses But wouldn't changing a black person's facial features "to fit the artstyle" be racist in and of itself?
Some of y’all in the comments need your hard drives checked or your cranium….
1:50 THAT WAS HER BREAST I THOUGHT.GHT TNOSE WERE LIKE AN ARM SLEVE OR SMTH
Sex sells.
I absolutely adore your redesign of sister krone, because when i watched the show for the first time her design bothered me SO MUCH !!!!
there is no way to really get around ilulu getting some amount of a breast reduction, cause the original cup size would look disproportionate on anything that isn't part giant
Okay, I trally hate first 2 redesigns, they don't make their design better, And this is a dragon, energy is stored in her chest, she doesn't care how anatomically to put her breasts, the main thing for her is to shove her energy somewhere, The only thing I liked was the new clothes. sister Krone also looks worse, I don't care how "stereotypical" the character looks, she should SCARE, these proportions of the face and body are not made because of the stereotypical image of African Americans and other black people, these proportions are made to SCARE, I will not be afraid of a character who will look normal and cute in the worst sense of the word. I can't imagine how the Krone sister would be as scary to run as the original design.
1:31 there not breast are apart of the magic system in the anime. And… basically the bigger they are the more fire power they have. I know it sounds crazy but it is true. The last time I checked
omg the last one looks so cursed💀
what are these descriptions??? 😭😭
For a second I thought that Sister Krone was a middle aged MAN because she just looked so masculine and old, absolutely stereotyped, thank you for remaking her :)
for the tough puppy design i thought her original mouth was supposed to be a scar under her eye lmao
I think dragon maid is SUPPOSED to be sexualized…😭
Thank you for addressing and redesigning Sister Krone! She was an antagonist I really loved and I can never recommend the series to certain friends because of how racist her design reads. It never makes any sense to me because the mangaka drew all the children as varying ethnicities without drastically exaggerating any negative design stereotypes.
I would actually just really love seeing her redesign newer cartoons she might actually like and just make them more culture accurate. Lego Monkie kid did a fantastic job, but I would love to see her take on the cast, especially Mei and Macaque as a father-daughter duo!
IVE NEVER SEEN BECKY BEFORE AT 9:46 AND I ORIGINALLY THOUGHT NOTHING WAS TOO BAD BC I THOUGHT THE MOUTH WAS A SCAR...... NOT A MOUTH.....
16?? That is still a CHILD!! these creators are pedophiles holy heck!
0:59 I did a literal double take 😭
FREE PALESTINE🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
I saw Krone in the thumbnail and immediately clicked. Idgaf I'm a die-hard tpn fan
THANK YOU. As a teen with a bigger chest, the fact that you were able to keep her large chest AND un-sexualize her is really great, and i especially love that you bulked her up, because with a large chest that usually comes with at least a little chub, let alone a chest of THAT SIZE
Rip but there was a cosplayer with Ilulu's body type. Who was in her mid 20s but looked young, super short, huge breast (boobs almost to belly button)  She was a little chunky but you can tell if she lost some weight she would just be black ilulu. That's the thing some anime body types that people say are unrealistic are just improbable but not impossible there are people with those feature but even as a person who lives in a big city you may go almost your whole life without seeing them. Ilulu's upper body needs to be widened a bit and it's immediately realistic. I've seen 2 people with Ilulu's body types in my life.
Ngl sister crone in the picture of her beside the tree she kinda lookin like ishowspeed.....
I thought Becky's mouth was blush at first.
I was picturjng a tall, buff demon girl with like, red skin and black hair and i was VERY surprised [and dissapointed >:( ]to see the OG design 😂
I literally have no idea where y'all see racist features in sister Krone. She's a normal character
I wouldn't've given Sister Krone a pointy nose, she should have had a rounder nose?
I do like Ilulu, but i dont like her proportion, She's a cute Character tho
Becky looks like Sukuna 💀
LOL, Americans saying "I will fix this other countries' art because it does not fix my values" you people are pathetic.
It really, really shows that you have absolutely no idea what kind of show dragon maid is lol it's slice of life why is she so scary and edgy
6:15 NO NO PUT THE PICTURE BACK RIGHT NOW THAT LOOKSFUCKING TERRIFYING
1:00 I've seen the anime and I was so confused when she showed up thefirst time, also the way uwere describing her I was thinking of a strong demon Lord kinda gal idk how to explain,. Love the redesign btw
the person who made the dragon made one should be in jail like WTF!!!
What does a sixteen year old girl look like?  Ah yes, a baby with 10000000 dollars worth of breast implants.
I wish you would’ve kept her black features for the redesign .. it was so disappointing you took away her afro and nose and lips. It’s kind of disappointing.
For the promised never land one I never understood why this character was so “weird” the writing is great and I love her but there was something off abt her design that I could never put my finger on. I’m glad someone addressed that
8:31 I wish you made her a bit bigger😞
Cool, but Krone's "scary face" redesign doesn't look scary at all
Second drawing "Keep characters within the same Stylization within a story"  Okay.... But then tilt to the opposite extreme the people complain about Gundam SEED same face syndrome... in truth thiers no winning with the Internet.  Your drawing is still great though.
I'm a guy and Dragon Maid definitely has some of the more "what are you doing bro?..." Sus designs in anime.
I cannot thank you enough for making Ilulu chubby instead of removing her chest. As a chubby person and is around the same age range as Ilulu I really appreciated that. People who look like me deserve to be depicted/shown in media more💕
THERE IS something wrong with liking sister chrone desing...
I thought the dogs mouth was a scar.
4:43 Dang, she look kinda sick!
There is nothing wrong with sister Krone having large features, and kinky hair. Its not "racist" thsts how most black people of central/west Africa look.
She's the daughter of Mandy and Mr. Whiskers 😆
god that first design is horrendous. anime truly was a mistake
The discourse around ilulu has always bothered me because she looks a lot like me, and people telling you that your anatomy is wrong is just very disheartening. It's very possible for smaller people to be very very large in terms of busy size. It's also possible for people who look younger to be very very large in terms of bust size. I personally am. Like, when COVID was first a thing and I wore a mask, I was mistaken for an older woman because of my body, but with my mask off, I'm mistaken for a young teenager
her voice is so perfect especially for when i was overstimulated at school and needed something chill
Sister Krone's redesign looked really cute! I agree with making her look younger (I didn't even know she was supposed to be in her mid 20s), But I feel like the nose could have been stylized differently, as black people rarely have pointy noses. I also feel like in the redesign she looked far too friendly lolll, but other than that, good work here!!
Well my opinion on 'rescued' designs. Not artist, or fan of the shows so might be wrong in my observations.  Ilulu - Last one I do not like. I am mostly bothered that the 2nd belt make it look like her waist is so high that her torso look like it is the size of her head. I dislike the braids. I am guessing it is attempt at showing her more chaotic, but makes her look like slob instead. Mby because cape look like it was worn out at bottom is amplifying that? Cape is cool, but the braid combo do not look so hot. Her hand look weird. Original design of dragon hands look like they can do some damage because of different texture of nails and their size. Here it look more like some kind of soft skin condition and bottom of palm should be obstructed by area neat thumb? Something here feels unnatural to me. The skirt look weird to me. The front part end up at kneecaps, but back of it ends below boots? It feels more like a fashion statement while rest of drawing look more grounded. Cape and boots look like their primary function is to resist elements, so there is disconnect with the skirt. Might be only me. Personally I find your sketch of her sitting far superior to the one you focused on, but it is not finished, so hard to judge. So If I would have to pick last one or original one I would pick original one easily.  Sister crown? Neverland character - Both designs I like on same-ish level. Your design look closer to stated character age (although I am a bit distracted by boot heels being odd), but character do not feel black? If you swapped skin color I do not think we would see any difference. I mean it is nice general design, but it lack power? The original one pallet swap would not manage to fool me I think? The exaggeration of features makes it distinct giving character oddly Disney like vibe?  Your design gives me a Korean manhwa feel. I think I like the original slightly more. Still nice design.  Puppy - The left one is the original if the author did not messed up. I like the right one. Although two things I dislike. The circle part on right make it look like there is either other eye there, or just a hair line because it is at same height as the left eye making it a bit confusing. Other thing is that something about snout feels wrong. Maybe the size, or angle of jaw?  Can't pinpoint it. Still vast improvement over original.   Overall opinion on this, all of those designs are valid. Everything deserves the niche in art. I do not mind lolis and other problematic stuff, unless it is combined with photo realism. That is the line where things go too far and it is just fiction argument looses it's meaning.
13:29 they are supposed to look creepy and offputting....
Wdym mid twenties?? She looks like she's fifty... forty at best 7:57
The first one arent too big breasts, that are back problems
ah yes, my favorite anime. Tuff Puppy. /not serious
Dragon maid is so disappointing. Do much of it is great. I think Kobayashi and the main dragon's relationship is fun, the dynamic of the little family wifh the main three characters is nice. But then you have the pedophile woman and ilulu and the episode where Kobayashi gets a dick and its weirdness.  impossible to recommend. Especially since the show is intended for adult men
Ngl I absolutely dropped dragon maid when the character you redesigned was introduced.
5:12 looks like someone that listens to ado’s songs
These redesigns are so cute, have a good night or day!!!!!😁
I LOVE your Ilulu. Exactly how I'd want to see her!
I feel like I like I Ilulu's original design, I just want the canons smaller. IF SHE'S GONNA LOOK YOUNG, ATLEAST SIZE HER CANONS DOWN
Mine looked like karlatch
"WAIT THATS WHERE HER MOUTH IS?????" -- me, just earlier
Bro no wonder she's so strong, if I was carrying around those huge bondonkers I'd be strong too! Especially how old she is and how small she is. No wonder she's strong god damn-
You literally remove all the features of krone and make her look like a white person and that's "correct"? 💀 disgusting.
there ARE people like krone irl. this is the most stupid thing I've ever heard about a character. I've never thought of her design as ugly, in fact it was one of my favorites. you idiots are straight up saying that people with big  lips and nose are ugly like wtf?!?!?!?!?!
Someone finally doing krone justice
Wait sister whats her name is 26?? I thought she was in her fourties 😭
I know Illuloo looks odd but that’s wear here fire comes from ok 😖
I like how the Americans made a fuss because of some kind of transfer of a dark-skinned character by a Japanese, when, like themselves, no Russian character lives without a hat-earflaps and is not a KGB employee, but Asians are either smart money-hungry guys who came to them to get rich, or vice versa, it's the character is a fat clown, a friend of the main character. Family guy jokes are more tolerant than you, who try to pretend that everyone around cherishes everything wrong, while they themselves have been mowing down for many years, and now they just push "diverse" but still standardized attractive people into the media. The character doesn't have to look good or "right" he has to be interesting in his personality. In addition, one way or another for the authors, their characters are of great importance and when people try to "fix" their design following their standards, or rather justifying themselves with "logic and biology" (to the maid dragons, yes, very funny) this is about the level of telling a person that he has the wrong facial or body features and it would be nice to fix it. I do not justify the authors creating sexual characters only for this, but this is clearly not the case, at least I watched this series three times and I remember only jokes, and not sex scenes at all. In general, the only character who succumbs to harassment is a poor frightened boy magician, but somehow I don't see ardent defenders of little boys
I actually liked how they gave her more distinctive black features
I appreciate you keeping Ilulu's chest size. My best friend has a large chest, and we'll she is very pretty in my opinion, she's still a normal girl, and definitely not a sex symbol. Hell, she complains about her chest size a lot because of how hard it is on her back! Having a big chest doesn't automatically mean that you're a sexual person, it's just genetics. I would love to see a character in anime with a large chest who complains about her back hurting from it, and doesn't constantly wear revealing clothes and act all sexual and fan servicey, and maybe they don't have the Ilulu "Skinny except for giant boobs" design problem! Seriously, if anyone knows a good anime with a character like that, recommend me.
I thought T.U.F.F. Puppy was popular because of kitty katswell. I know damn well she awakened something inside me
When it comes to Sister Krone. When I grew up in West Philadelphia I had a teacher that looked near identical to her. We would even play tag together funnily enough. There were times when other kids would call her ugly and she would freeze up but then brush it off. She didn't like her own appearance, she mentioned it a few times, probably to take away power from the bad kids who were insulting her. When people talk about Sister Krone as a racist caricature I get it, but it always leaves a gross feeling to say that. It feels like I'm insulting my teacher from way back when I talk poorly of someone who's appearance would be her anime counterpart. It feels wrong to have an issue with her appearance. Even though I know it is an issue that should be discussed.
From what little I see about sister Krone here (haven't watched the series), she seems to be a scary character and the whole point of her looking so different and having exaggerated physical features seems to be about enhancing the scenes where she's supposed to look freakish and scary. It's very effective too, clearly very well done. It's not surprising then that braindead Americans and their racializing of absolutely everything took offense to that.  It's kind of funny how the suggested improvement is to whitewash the design and go against the entire point of what was being attempted. But I guess that happens when Americans with an aggressive colonial mentality try to look at Japanese media and enforce their bigoted garbage views on it.  I'm gonna be real, these videos on "bad character designs", aka good character designs and the occasional generic fanservice stuff that terribly offends art-hating Americans who would love to burn creatives at the stake like their ancestors did, are kinda awful garbage. Very glad you seem to have moved on from this trite, and I'd suggest you to keep to stuff coherent with artistic behaviour instead of this moral police inspired filth.
Frankly, playing devil's advocate here, I really wasn't too bothered by the ilulu's design. Yes, it's undeniable that her bust is exaggerated and no one would be bothered if it were smaller, but when it comes to clothes and how old she looks, for me it's a thing about the anime, because it's all silly and funny, (even more so considering that the bust alone carries 80% of the anime's echi, if it didn't have it, we wouldn't even consider echi in the first place). I'm DEFINITELY not saying that your art was bad, I just thought it was too serious for the anime that it is, you know?
honestly what happened to Becky o-o!? her mouth placement just doesn't make any sence to me ;-;
I watched Tough Puppy back when I was young. But I do not remember Becky. That's for the better, I think, this design is... wow.
What if her personality is so big because of all the money she stole and she's using her shirt as a money bag 💰💰💰
Flat-chested one is better the first one was a nightmare in fact it was so bad every time I looked up a picture of her I always look away because I can't stand to look at it
Not sure if this is a design thing but one thing I hate in anime is where everyone else has normal looking hair maybea few with slightly different colored hair, and then here's the main characters' hair that looks WAY out of place
I remember watching promised neverland my first time i didnt really see the racist thing everyone was talking about. tbh i thought she was my favorite character espicially the seen where shes running fast as hell that was both horrifying and funny. but now when i look back at it i see it being racist the more i look at it
honestly i understand why some character designs might be considered "odd" but personally i couldn't be bothered enough to overthink and be mad about it, idk its prob just me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I agree so much with you one the Sister Krone thing, I love her so much, but the way she’s stylized is really weird and offensive, BUT I LOVE HER SO MUCH AAAAA. But I kind of wish you kept a little more of the features she had, like the small irises, because multiple characters in the anime have it as well.
The second design for the tough puppy got the Arcueid fit lol
9:00  When i saw that character the first thought of mine was "but isn't that a normal design?" Then i noticed the mouth- THE WAY I GASPED😨
Im pretty sure ilulu was made for a fetish from his creator.
Plus do a magical girl redesign for mew mew
Part 3 for me it’s marinette too bland
The promised never land is my FAVORITE anime but krone even made me say the style is really different this doesn't make sense I still love the anime   tho
i still don't understand the hate for ilulu. the only thing that makes sense is being jelouse of the character
I LOVED THE ILLULU ONE
Awesome
Your Sister Krone's redesign looks SO PRETTY!!
I think when you draw a black character in any art style, don't just recolor the entire design black, actually make it accurate, there's no need to over-emulate black features just like there's no need to flat out recolor the stupid thing because you're afraid of being called racist. I think your perspective on this is completely driven to be people-pleasing instead of actually accurate. Black people have different facial structures other races do, it's just common sense.
I LOVE ilulu but her chest is WAY too big for a CHILD.
Thank you for not removing the first characters boobs. I hate it when people do that because its "sexual"
I'm not shaming female characters in anime that have big breast, but I'm very annoyed by scenes, where male character is like looking on her face and then moves focus to her breast and always when she's on the screen they want to somehow pull out that "omg, she has SO big breast" it just freaks me out and kills unique feature of the character :(
I thought ilulu was pregnant for a sec there 💀
I personally have my opinion about sister Krone's design. I completely understand why people found this design close to a very racist caricature. But about the fact that she isnt stylized the same than the others characters, actually it can be a way to show her in an uncomfortable way, as she is clearly insane and scary. This gap between Krone and the others characters increase the disconfort, and i think its voluntary. Krone's charadesign clash with the other ones to create a strange feeling that is - in my opinion - not an artistic shortcoming, but more like a staging technique
Obviously they wanted to differentiate the characters race-related face structural differences just as races actually do in real life. Americans may find it offensive because we have historical context that makes those features in depictions of black peoples to be bad, but given that this was made in Japan where they don’t have a large black population or any societal movement that would have pushed against such features I say don’t get too riled up. This whole thing reminds of Clone High and the controversy with how Gandhi was depicted. Americans liked it as we had no attachment or relation with him but Indians hated it which ended with the show being cancelled.
5:13 i really like the design it’s just the hands that catch me off guard 💀
I´ve never watched tougth puppy and when I saw "Beckie" (I don´t know if I wrote it right), I thought that the "mouth" was a kind of blush XD
The last one I was like: Theres a hole on her nose?!  I thought the mouth was like a feather or something lol.
i really liked sister krones character, but yeah, she didnt really fit in with the others, she was a different style and its clear that shes very stereotyped with her huge mouth, but her personality and the rest of her character was pretty good i think
I'm so happy that you redid Krone's design. I loved the Promised Neverland but Krone was an "oh dear god what the f***" moment for me. I loved her character and she was so cool and comforting considering that they lived in a very, very dark world, and every scene with her was fun, but the creators botched the design so bad. It was obviously coming from a very hateful, racist and stereotypical place and just made me really sad. I've seen a lot of animes do this when it comes to black people or even people with darker skin in general. It sucks so bad. Your redesign was great!!  Also I'm glad you redid Ilulu as well. When I saw that I was like what the heck... It makes me really sad knowing that they're **extremely** sexualizing a character that is pretty much 16. Like let's be real, the only reason why she's "technically not 16" is so they wouldn't get caught and so the discord mods watching that goofy ahh show could have some sort of excuse. I'm happy that you created a curvaceous, but not sexualized, character. Sadly due to the media lots of people have no idea that characters can be curvy but not sexualized and that their whole purpose isn't to act sexual and "please" all the viewers or crap like that. Loved this video
At first I thought those were her arms crossed but then I saw her actual arms 😭
*Me wondering why girls with big chests not complaining about back pain*
wait ilulu is 16
If you like promised never land then Shadows House is a must watch for you. It’s a really great anime that has the same vibe and premise as promised never land.
I have Ilulu's problem, which is big badonkas but underage girl. Still, for my chest, I didn't expect hers to be so HUGE. I like the design + you still keeping her chest big <33
Ilulu isnt as bad but if they made her breast less huge would be normal i think?
Thats not sister krone anymore, you took away all her black features. Properly drawing black lips and a nose or even her 4c hair wont make it out of art style, I understood this was “fixing” the original design but thats just not the same person. Hxh does a great job at drawing Canary which could be used as a for reference drawing black features in an anime style. Actually, just google black characters in anime and you’ll see they dont erase the characters dominate black features. Most of them still have afro-centric noses and lips.
Twitter Moment
As a black artist THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE SISTER KRONE DESIGN I always felt kinda upset about the design like why do all the other characters have perfect faces but the one black girl has huge lips a more scrunched up face it always made me feel bad
For Ilulul, hear me out, what if you desaturated her skin, and hear me our, darkened her hair, and hear me out–
the first girl?? hello?? that was such a horrible character design- did the creators actually think that was a good design😧
5:35 her nose could be less pointed in my opinion since black ppl like me have well.. less pointy noses .
“…key part of their character…”  How about nah
with the adding muscle part that wouldn't really matter since this is a human disguise not a true form and we see that both male and female dragons (when in human form) often appear skinny like with fafnir
Liking ilulu won't seem perverted anymore at least
Why is everyone saying the first charcter looked fine?no she didn’t, she overly sexualized for a apparent 16 year old.
omg Becky's design is straight-up body horror, how is it THAT BAD?! 💀
that ilulu redesign was awful, honestly all the redesings were so boring and dull
that ilulu redesign was awful, honestly all the redesings were so boring and dull
leave my girl ilulu alone
"Who appears to be 16 years old"  Me: ok so she either looks like she's 8 or 50.
9:02 Girl shaped like a banana 💀
I liked how they made Sister Krone. Because of how she looks like she sticks out in my memory and i still think she does fit with the character design. I think she is a cool character. I think isabelle looks different because she had like a different type of impact on everyone. I think sister krone is good. I think isabelle is good. i dont think anything is ill-meant. She is a good character and i think its unfounded. But like whatever. That is my input
9:22 I thought she didn’t have a mouth at first and I thought it was cute then you said where it was and I was like “what the heck it looks like her chin now!”
I honestly wanna know what drawing app she uses I'm mesmerized by how she uses it TvT
The girl's chest oml HOW IS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR A GIRL WHO LOOKS 4
“i think i got a little furry-matized”
Ilulu could have been ok, if they made her more taller and aged up a bit more.   I’m pretty sure her giant bust, is where she says her flame bags are, which now makes me question do all dragons have this? Ok then what does that mean for male dragons?
i absolutely LOVE the promised neverland its my favorite anime of all time and im gonna be honest i never even realized there was something wrong with sister krone until i saw this video. however now that youve said something yea she does seem very stereotypical which sucks because the anime itself is soo good
The discourse surrounding the sexualization of women in anime is so incredibly tiring. It's like everyone is just creating characters they want to find attractive, rather than creating an attractive DESIGN. And people seem to think big bust = sexual and small bust = not sexual, which makes no goddamn sense because you can absolutely have any kind of character with any kind of body and not have it be sexualized for a specific demographic of viewer. The same way there are countless manga and anime artists who sexualize flat-chested characters. You did a great job with that redesign!
Illulus og design made me disappointed cause I really like her character she’s cute but her body is terrible 😭
Oh my god i WISH ilulu looked like that in the show, i just wish she was this comically angry anarchist or something, that would be so much better
This video made me realise how incredibly racist Sister Krone's character design is
i thought at first she's gonna say maleficent
Or you could stereotype everyone
Personally i think they did a better job with sister krone in the anime since shw looks like shes in the same art style as everyone else  The Manga however 😭
I like anime but it’s really starting to annoy me bad how unproportionately some girls are drawn like the first character, there’s nothing attractive about that (especially when they also look like a kid 😬) and it just doesn’t look good
I hate it when you have a child like a16 yr old and they make her have Massive boobs , slimmed down and big assed and stuff and she’s ment to be a kid and u just know some pervert drew that design
I just dont like mkdm now......Its just too much unnecessary pedophilia and sexual jokes in it.
Whenever I look at Becky my brain just stops working honestly
1:03 Honestly, when I saw the thumbnail, I just thought “why, that’s just a kid, ain’t it? What’s wrong?” Now that I see the literal full picture… BRUH. Not that characters can’t have certain assets and be not sexualized, but… come on, man. She’s a literal child, and it’s one thing if she just has a chest, but the emphasis on it in the show? That’s just so gross. She’s supposed to be a younger character, don’t sexualize the child. Why, show? Why? I’m glad that you went with a more Tifa route, giving her more muscle, and making her more of a badass, but not getting rid of the physical assets, you’re just not making it the main focus.  6:00 honestly, I wouldn’t have a problem with her face if they didn’t have framing shots that felt… well, full on stereotypical, or that all the characters were in the same style. That’s what I feel people mean when they say “draw POC like you would any other character”; draw them in the same style. And if drawing a POC doesn’t fit your style… then practice more, and maybe even tweak your style, so you can incorporate different traits like curly hair, different eye shapes, the like. Drawing a person of color isn’t that hard, you just need to practice drawing more people in general, ain’t no excuse.
now i cant unsee the howl in beck's nose as a hole
I honestly adore lavender's personally she reminds me of my sister so much
I didn't like her design in the promised neverland because I felt that she looked too inherently scary, for someone who puts on the facade of caring and looking after kids she looked too outright scary, in my opinion a more subtle creepiness would've been a bit better
Why'd you change my 5th fav anime character Ilulu? She looked fine.
I LOVEEEE THE DIRECTION U WENT WITH THE 1ST ONE!!!! its perfectly normal and okay for a 16 year old to be busty but the problem is the fact she looked 5
no one is talking about this, but I love how you used the term "rescuing" instead of fixing. I dislike it when people see a piece of art that "doesn't fit their standards" and then they try to *fix* it and think their doing a favor. but their really not. I think that this video was great. and I love your artstyle!!     Also, random but your voice is so nice
As a MAJOR tpn fan, I was actually pretty happy to see Sister Krone included! As someone else mentioned in a previous comment (go look at that; they explain it better than i can, wth are u doing here still- 💀), her appearance is VERY different from the other characters. It’s very, very stereotyped. Although she is a good CHARACTER, a good character can still be a good character without a stereotyped and exaggerated design. so tysm for including her!
“She has big boobs because they’re her flame sacs”  Translation: “She’s a 16 year old who looks like a 12 year old with _ridiculous_ J-cups because the writer has some really creepy opinions about women and is now using some half-assed lore as a shield from criticism”
1:53 I literally work with a girl that has this body type and she has not had implants.
Snowflakes!!
Sister krone was always so creepy I’m glad your making her better😅
if i was ilulu, the pain in my torso would be so bad that id prob get surgery to remove the sacs 😭
your redesign of ilulu definitly comes across as more of a teenager than the original source: i was one and definitely would have dressed like that if i could
I am not the best with noses, heck I make my noses triangles, but don’t be afraid to make noses a bit different. Everyone can have a different nose shape so it’s good to represent that. with my art everyone has triangle noses, some big, some small, some wide, some thin.
Now that I think abt it, if you’d draw a friend of mine in lines only, no shading and black and white, she’d look like a combination of the bad parts of the first two characters—
Sammee I also loved sister Crone, her character was so interesting and I loved how she was felt buff and athletic! But yeah her design was unfortunate, it kind of threw me off at first because it the style didn't match anyone else and she looked stereotypical
Ilulu literally has the proportions of a small child like loli proportions she is only slightly bigger than Kanna with giant boobs glued on that is literally not how proportions work you can tell a character is pointlessly sexualised when they have a body type that does not match their boob size
I didn't even realize that character from tough puppy had a mouth until you pointed it out. How the hell did that design make it into the show-
BECKY LOOKS LOKE A TOILET HELP
Recently I made character designs for an anime series my friends came up with. I was really excited because I was able to create diverse anime characters. I love the style of anime it just sucks that it’s so white. It causes me emotional pain to make mostly white characters as someone who loves diversity and like drawing black hairstyles
With becky I thought the mouth was just makeup and she didn’t have a mouth, when you said that was the mouth my jaw literally dropped
Don't like your first design cause its way too serious looking for a slice of life anime and her giant breast are a big part of her powers so toning them down is just wrong.
I feel like in the anime atleast all the charecters are kind of drawn diffrent but i feel hers was more kind of exagitrized which offended a lot of ppl
It's stated in the show and manga, Ilulu is the same age as Tohru (who's age I dont think we've ever gotten.) So it's really that she's short, and the cute artstyle the mangaka and anime uses makes things the way they are. (Not to mention the outfit and breasts are actually part of the joke. This slice of life/comedy/ecchi after all) I guess I'm just rare in that I love her original design. But I also love your redesign too! In a different genre/setting I can absolutely imagine she'd work in a less ecchi environment and more in a shonen!
9:22 First thing I noticed was that she was built like a toilet bowl...
*Sister krona is supposed to be in her 20s?! she looks younger than Isabella-*
I love that you didn’t just size Ilulu’s chest down and call it a day. That would have been really lazy and not even benefitted her design by that much. I’m not saying they don’t need to be sized down because it’s a wonder she can even stand up straight, but it’s nice to see that there are people out there who don’t associate a curvier or bustier figure with sexualization and demonize it. Also thank the lord for the chest support in her new design 🙏
I used to really love Dragon Maid because it kind of had this slice of life with a fantasy twist to it which I thought was fun and interesting, but then as I kept watching the show I started to see stuff like Lucoa’s design and behavior as well as how Kanna is depicted in some scenes as really horrible. I stopped watching for a long time and then I heard about Ilulu and I was pretty much completely turned off the show, not even bothering to watch any of the new stuff. It’s really disappointing when stuff like that happens :(
that first character- her poor back must be dying-
I thought that becky’s mouth was a scar at first lol
Artist who feel the need to "fix" art clearly  lack originality and are likely insecure about their own art.
Here are my thoughts on your redesigns  Ilulul - her redesign is really good and compliments her character; while also showing the audience what the type of person she is, and the type of world she comes from before she meets kobaiashi. It can also give a glimpse of how the chaos faction works, and how much of a threat they are  10/10  Sister krone - I like her redesign and I like the discussion surrounding her design. I never even realized that problems of this type are still prevalent, even with the amount of changes that would condone this kind of thing. Though I personally haven’t watched the show I do believe that (in my opinion) her original buff appearance works better, but I also like your redesign and how it complement the style of the other maid 9/10  Becky - Holy crap her original design is hilariously bad I didn’t even notice that her nose looks like a hole and after you pointed that out, I couldn’t unsee it 😂 Not A lot of thoughts here but the redesign is really good. Both the Butch Hartman and your redesign 10/10
I'm happy there's people who understands overdeveloped body measurements doesn't equal sexy, just unrealistic and poor design.
Ah yes, my favorite anime, TOUGH PUPPY
Waffle house has a new host
I love your videos, keep it up ! :)
Love all the re-designs
Nah I thought Becky or whatever her name is had no mouth and her mouth was like a scar or something
“I’m not exactly the arbiter of how to draw black people” girl that’s an understatement when was the last time you drew a black person with real black features, not just cartoony locs
I like how civil everyone is being.
I really like your redesigns. I especially appreciate that you approached them with constructive criticism and not just negativity. And I'm so glad you did Sister Krone justice because the way they stylized her made me uncomfortable and you're exactly right-- it's because they stylized her way different than the other characters. Bonus points for not just removing Ilulu's chest and instead just... making it make sense in context with her body/age/etc.
Becky makes me uncomfortable... Ilulu's design had the potential to be as nice as Tohru, but they screwed it up.
Took me five minutes to realize that that was her mouth💀 I thought it was a scar what In the world 😭
becky looks like a toilet bowl befor she gets redesigned.
:D
With the last character, I was initially "Wait, what's wrong with that design? She looks perfectly...wait, is that supposed to be her mouth!?"
Tough puppy. My favorite anime/lh
isso não vai ser mais um problema, porque logo logo o twitter vai acabar e quem n percebeu vai perceber oq tem de errado com essa rede social e oq eles botam a força na cabeça das pessoas
Never liked that characther from maid dragon
Rewatching this video and reading through the comments, it appears some people are so stuck on sticking it to the prudes that they miss the point of the human forms of the dragons in dragon maid and by extension the point of lavenders redesign.  These characters might be dragons but they are taking on human forms to blend in WITH humans. Therefore every disguise has to be somewhat believable. Illulu having the height of kanna but also volleyball breasts is certainly not that.
This is not a really her body its just a magical transformation and the main design is after her reformation. Kanna is also incredibly strong and still looks like a little kid.
Your Becky "high quality fan art" is SO beautiful!
2:27 Yo, Ilulu without the the massive endowment is weirdly adorable.
The day yall realize that krone is not a stereotype😭 black features ≠ Stereotypes. And I don't think this was your place to do all that and it seems you just made her lips thinner and hair thinner bruh
Bro I think I got whiplash from the random T.U.F.F puppy insert here lol.  Completely not mad, I used to love this show when I was little.  It’s just shocking cause like no one talks about it
Wth I thought the first character would be a bad girl, she literally looks like a 6yo with her mom's bras loool
help i thought the mouth on the dog was some sort of makeup/mark at first😭
Ofc what starts arguments in the comment section is the black person's design. For anybody who sees this, I just wanna clear some things up.  1.  What's racist about Krone's design was explained in the video, that she's singled out and all the non-black characters have the same facial features (even the darker skinned kid does, too). 2. No, the argument they can't ask people off the streets 'cause it's Japan does not work because they have the internet too and it wouldn't hurt them to do research!
I thought it was blood or something not a mouth I’ve never watched it oml😭
The thing with dragons in dragon maid is that the dragons' human forms are more akin to magic projections that said dragons can inhibit. The dragons themselves have a poor understanding of basic human anatomy and as a result, several of those dragons' take on forms that do not follow common sense human anatomy. In fact, in the case of Ilulu she took on a form that she thought would be appealing to Kobayashi because she had intended to separate her from her dragon maid Tohru which she thought would destroy Tohru. It's hard to explain to people who don't  want to are plan to read or watch the anime with an intent to understand what the story is about. I dunno.
for the first one THAT WOMAN IS 16 BRO WHY R THEY SMEGSUALIZING HER SO MUCH
The big lips of sister Krone are super creepy. It isn't racist at all. It's supposed to make her look like a villain. I like it. It's a memorable design.
@9:02 I cannot *unsee* .
Could people stop redesigning Iruru chan?
I have a question, what is she using to draw on
I'm pretty sure of reasons that they made sister krone like that was because they were planning to kill her off from the start and they didn't want people getting mad at them because they got attached to her
"Sister Krone doesn't look like she's in her twenties" - 27 year old who looks like a 14 y/o and a 40 y/o at the same time
oh gosh the first anime original design is so tilting
Great video! If you could keep clips off to the side as to not obscure the drawing during the start, I'd really appreciate that. It gives me a better look of the drawing process and would greatly help
I loved Tuff puppy as a kid and I don't remember Becky but oh my goodness I thought her mouth was a mark under her eye but nope that is her mouth and it is horrifying. Anyways the redesign is good and have a good day
Okay, so,, full discretion! I am black. First of all, idc if Krone's afro is stylized, your did not draw it right, also, she originally had an afro midway locking up, which you probably unintentionally changed to a normal afro,, but afro aren't noodles bro, shape wise they're like circles with a few flyaways. Also poc lips especially when big should be TWO TONED. That's just how lips usually work. Also ypu changed her eye and nose shape a bit too much even though they were amazingly done originally with her biggest flaw having been her hair and lips,, her eyes are a very accurate shape, and her nose is gorgeous. Diversity is not a style and even if you wanted it to fit more you didn't have to make it small, just make the line's curve rounder and bigger. Stop referencing from your head, and from the anime, and use the goddamn internet so see what my people look like. Please.
the strength is stored in the first character's booba. If you pop the booba the strength leaks out
When I first saw Becky I thought she didn't have a mouth and that she had a scar or some blush underneath her eye .
Yes.
I'm a fnaf fan, and i love Henry, he's such a good character... but his design it's so SO generic that the comunity did a new one, and no one even knows how he oficially looks now. That's good i guess(?)
Personally, with Sister Krone I had the same complaints as everyone else, but let me just mention a good example of a black anime character, Noe from Vanitas No Carte is black but he isn't stylized differently than everyone else nor do the creators implement black stereotypes which is something I like and I wish more animes would do the same. Btw, I'm not saying that The Promised Neverland included black stereotypes, I was just giving a example for other animes that have(Like Bungou Stray Dogs), but this is just something I wanted to mention especially as a black person myself.
Honestly, your Ilulu's design looks so damn epic. I feel *robbed*, knowing we could have such badass designs, since the characters are literally dragons, but instead all we've got are generic anime girls...
so like you where describing the first character design and telling us to picture in in our heads  i was thinking bout a super awesome character and then that thing was on the screen ... like wha???
Sister Krone. My best friend recently had me sit down and watch The Promised Neverland. I was traumatized from Sister Krone but I still loved her even from when I first saw her in the intro(still wondering why her lips and nose were so prominent). I love the redesign you did!
THANK YOU FOR NOT REMOVING BOOBS! It's like people think that big boobs don't exist and that's too lewd so just remove them. It's very demotivating for girls who do have a bigger chest. I know a lot of girls who are bullied because they are more well endowed. They get scrutinized because society has decided big boobs make you sexually promiscuous. Which is a problem not many people talk about. OR because you have big boobs you must be fat (which yes, having big boibs you will naturally have more fat in areas like the upper arms) which has nothing to do with breast size!
A bit late to this, the redesigns are pretty good.  I do want to touch on the Ilulu redesign. I believe you overall concept is good and would work in another character/genre. I want to also say I feel the original design is a little lazy, so the original Author/artist doesn't get a free pass on this.  Ilulu's design could have had a bit more of the original concept worked in, part of WHY her chest is so big is that its an imperfect human/dragon transformation and their supposed to be her fire sacs, combine that with not even really wanting to be in human form (why she wears as little human clothing as possible originally, I'm sure in a more mature rated story they would have had her shun clothes entirely, but Kobayashi is rated TV-14 and thus has to work in those confines). A more story accurate outfit would likely cover what's needed and look thrown together, like it was something Ilulu found and barely put effort into making work. The aging up is more a style thing, as even Kobayashi and other older characters look younger based on style, so keeping the height they wanted while making her not look Kanna's age is more difficult. I'd probably make her wider overall, as most (not all) short older people tend to gain some width with age that a younger person of that height would not have. Of course, a lot of this is based off genre and age rating, I personally would take different design approaches with a realistic MA rated design (Berserk) than a cute, more ecchi/comedy TV-14 rated (Kobayashi).  I do the same designing process for my own stories and characters, adjusting designs based on intended audiences and settings.
I know this video is 4 months old, but I don't care. I loved sister krone design in the anime. I looked at her and thought of my best friend's family, who comes from Puerto Rico. I actually showed her a scene from the anime and my friends response was that it looked like a younger version of her abuela (grandmother) which made me happy. The Manga design is just scary. Sister Krone's design in the Manga just scares me, and I didn't know she looked like that in the manga.
“ Who hates humanity. “  That there, is female Eren Yeager
Have you watched promise neverland dubbed
Yeah, illulu is one of those characters that just freak me out. Oddly enough, her proportions could be fixed by giving her like 20cm of height and 4cm of shoulder width to support her unique... Features.
You should do bunny from power puff
that ilulu redesign is KICKASS, thank you for giving the world that
✝️♥️✝️✝️
9:57  Bor I didn't know those were lips
butch hartman is...not good at character design  all the actually good designs that came from butch hartman shows came from other artists like stephen silver, but butch hartman himself is a horrible character designer and an awful artist in general   seriously look at his youtube his designs are horrible in every way
I like the second Becky fan art you did. It looks like it would fit in Beastars.
I’m horrified at that sister Krone section. when I saw the thumbnail before watching this video, I thought she was a man because of the disgusting stereotyping in her original design. Why is this still happening?
LavenderTowne: “tough puppy.”  Me: (dies from a nostalgia trip)
I honestly think Sisterkrone is ok designwise. im no expert but it sets her quite a bit apart from the others obviously, and can create some really intimidating scenes. I dont mean being Racist is ok, I mean it should be allowed for black characters to have a kind of scary look, and I dont think her design was meant like that. just to make her intimidating.
I dont have much of a problem with how sister Krones designed but I do agree that she is very stereotypical. I do think it did make her seem more intimidating but I think the re-design is definitely a better design.
I didn’t think Krone was a problem but I thought Jemima’s name made me feel somewhat uncomfortable. But I guess it fits with the era it’s themed in.
But artstyle aside, I heard (from videos I watched) of people complaining about Disney White Washing Tiana and one element I remembered is that afro-americans? Or Africans? I forgot, if it's both or one of them, but they have round nose and knowing that anime mostly give characters straight pointy nose doesn't sound like a good thing to give these type of characters a straight pointy nose even if it's anime and whatever the art style is. I don't know. I guess that would be my preference after knowing that fact. Not that everything gotta be accurate to real life. But they gotta at least be realistic enough, no? Just a personal point of view.
0:59 I like that anime but I don't know thise character and what the heck? I searched on wiki and the age of her appearance is 16. What the heck.
As long as the charactets are not calarts in style, or show traces of calarts, I might give it a go.
Why am I simping for that first redesign
The fact that I literally just said something about the artstyle of michiko and hatchin 😭
I can't stop laughing after having it pointed out that Becky's nose looks like a hole XD
“Character seems racist”  Proceeds to white wash the character
for the Becky one .. when she said invader zim and simplified character designs.. like invader zim was exactly what I thought 😭
Me who’s favorite character in the promised Neverland is sister krone: 😶
Yes
Yeah ilulu is just a medically mandated chest reduction waiting to happen. I dont think people realize how small big breasts look in clothes compared to anime, even if you're like a H cup.
7:06 that is true. You dont need to change the style for one black character. The only thing setting them apart from the other characters is their skin colour.  I had troible adjusting one of my characters to my new artstyle but then i realized "i just gotta draw him like everyone else... but colored differently."
You went HARD on these! All the designs are great revamped
A lot of people are like "as a person with brown skin I can confirm sister krone is fine" but realize this. *The reason lavendertowne redesigned her BECAUSE people complained, so don't say krone's design is fine to lavendertowne, say it straight to the thousands of faces that said krones design is offensive.* Also I'm not black and I'm sorry for anyone who is mistreated due to thier gender or race.
I guess I kinda want to see Ilulu in softer emotions. Haven't watched the anime but based on the manga's chapters I've read, while your art fits her intro and introduction I don't know if it really fits her later on when she becomes softer and more friendly toward human (particularly Kobayashi)
I don't watch dragon maid but I was REALLY confused when I saw Ilulu. I thought she wore an oversized   coat or something.
*unsub*
I think for the second character the reason that she stood out is mainly because of the lips and nose, like the lips are semi realistic and comparing that to the other lady is a bit jarring, also the nose has a bit too much detail on the bridge of that. Tbh it looks like she was drawn in a semi realistic anime style while the others were drawn in a traditional anime style. Though it doesn’t read as clumsy to me it doesn’t seem like it was made from bad intentions and I think the author is just inexperience in drawing poc
the last character made me do a double take, it actually looks like a shitpost.
Hearts for Tohru ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ She must not be used
this is so cool!! I love these redesigns a lot, they look so great <3
Thanks for not flattening her out. I feel like people dont understand that  1: being flat doesn´t mean not being sexy and stuff 2: Small people can also have big chest  I am a fairly small person and since I was a pre teen I always had a really big chest, so I never felt too disgusted by Ilulu's design.
Can you do naruto, and garaa from boruto? id really love to see those 2!!
love your style fr
Beckey is beautiful
I genuinely thought the last girl had a mark under her eye like itadori’s sukuna eye scars and she had no mouth.
YES YES YES THANK YOU!! I'm so sick of people removing a curvy character's curves because it's "too sexy" and "problematic." It is so sexist to say that curvy girls' bodies are inherently sexual, and then they'll say girls with a less curvy build are the "correct" and "less sexual" build, as if they're not attractive. The way that you explained that curvy character's can still exist without being over sexualized makes me so happy. The fact you're able to balance these ideas, not put down either group, and not make either group feel like they're less than is so, so important and needs to be more commonplace. As a curvy girl, thank you ❤️
Hii
Compared to the first character, the Skylander, Splat, looks more threatening (Splat’s NOT scary at all, unless you have a fear of paint / brushes)
so i was actively looking away when you were doing the intro description of lulu i got jumpscared by the most fanservice character imaginable lol
Never happy lol
I'm sorry I know this is a matter of oppinion but I kinda hate your sister Krone redesign, don't get me wrong not a super fan of the OG but in your design you just made her a really tan white person with curly hair, you took away all the black facial features, and yes I know the manga is pretty racist looking but the anime really perfected it, not racist at all, just realisticaly black
I can appreciate you not going with the “remove the chest” solution. Even though the extent of that character was unrealistic, there are many women who do have them quite large and it doesn’t feel right to, in a way, body shame them by “fixing” every female character by making them flat chested.
Sister Krone is the only reason I never watched that anime (I'm a black person) it just left a horrible taste in my mouth. Good observations and commentary!
i don’t know if im the minority with this opinion but as two black people who watched the promised never land and really liked it, there were very few times that my mom and I thought sister krone’s design was at all racist. Not to say that if you feel like it is you’re “stupid” or “being too sensitive”, this is just my opinion on her design. In the manga there are a lot of moments where her design IS very 50s racist characature, but we thought it was super improved on in the anime.
4:52 "teen energy"  Sees the absolute look of disgust* Yeah that's accurate
Tbh I love Miss Kobayashi's Dragon maid but Ilulu's design really did bother me.
I haven't watched the show, so I can't really tell. Is the first character supposed to be sexualized? Because I really can't see it. It looks like a severe disability stemming from some malignant growth more than anything else.
I thought the dogs nose was its mouth
Me seeing Becky for the first time: whattttt the fuck is that
U made her pretty
Why does the dog look like a toilet
Illulu was another victim of anime camera framing. Big boobs are not inherently sexual, but depending on the framing it can turn out that way. And knowing how some anime camera's will pretty much show the boobs and butt of a women before her face(or even her first line) is a common problem in anime.
Thank you for giving Ilulu the justice she deserved!!♡ love your art, you always do amazing!!
“if i was still in that zone where i was making invader zim fanart all the time” yes, well, please tell me how you got out
No
when you first showed becky, i legit didn’t know those were her lips- i thought it was a scar no 😭
Ilulu isn’t that bad :’)
OMG THIS WHOLE TIME I THOUGHT THAT FOR THE BECKY ONE, BECKY LEGIT HAD A HOLE AS A MOUTH LOL
I do believe that we could have rolled with a more "Anatomically incorrect Ilulu", the same who decided to use her charms despite having proportions not matching at all with her chest. My idea would have been to go further with the "Anatomically incorrect" by just playing with the sizes of the other limbs and giving a more "uncanny" design. We could even add two designs: One for the first scenes, where she looks very "uncanny", with a face that is quite disturbing and limbs that has sizes that doesn't add up, then later on, have her correct her own design to just appear like a short woman, with still some limb lengths _slightly_ hinting the previous design. Besides, the uncanny design would very much give the scene where she used her charms something even more disturbing.
I’m sooo glad you didn’t get rid of Ilulu’s large bust! Canonically, the reason they’re so big relates back to her powers as a dragon and why she’s so powerful with fire magic. I love Ilulu so I’m really happy you didn’t change who she is as a character to fix her character design ✌🏾
I understand the anger about Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid's designs but the whole motive behind the show was to poke fun at character stereotypes.. I get that it looks sexual but this is a parody show and they made it like that. I am not telling people to take a chill pill, I just want to inform people who got a bit fired up by the shows choices in character design
5:07 YOOO BAKUGOS SOULMATE?? /hj
The description of the first character sounds exactly like my OC Kasai.
Sister Krone definitely needed a redesign, though making her look younger doesn't really fit. There is a thematic contrast between her apparent age and her behavior.  White guy so not sure how to do that, but there's definitely ways without oversizing the lips and nose.
ok, that first one was a fucking curveball me: *thinks of effectively a toned down pit fiend from DnD* the thing: *a fuckin loli with pumpkins glued onto her*
I'm actually really impressed that you changed how I thought about Ilulu. She's physically about Tohru's age, but emotionally stunted to Kanna's age. She's a mess to the point that she had to literally figure out her human body.  Your representation looks like what an Ilulu that stayed in the Chaos factor would 100% be in the future. I didn't even think about why she looks like she does until you broke her down.
I love your version of illulu she wants my fave design :)
1:10 I love ilulu from Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid  But I can agree that her design is a little questionable
Tamaki from Fire force PLEASE
Its  good But i the first character .it was more than redesigne because the emotions was anger  then i fink it was need   Sorry for my English
I love Krone though my first impression of her was that she was kinda creepy in the anime but at the end she is my favorite character, heck, this is a nice confindence booster for people who wanna make a darker skinned villian to show that everyone can be bad or good! It's not good to instill any kind of stereotype even if it paints black people as good because people should be seen for they really are not for their skin color and I am talking about ALL races/skin colors not just one race! (with heros that are black or something similar ofc!)
From what I've seen, people are upset that Sister Krone's design is a stereotype of mammy or just a typical caricature of a black person. I can't speak for all poc, but as a black person myself, I don't see anything wrong with Krone's design. Sure, her design is different from every other character in the anime, but I don't see a problem giving a black character some black features. It's not like that put black paint on her and stereotyped tf outta her. I mean, they could've done a little more better with the hair, but other than that it's good. And although I like LavenderTowne's redesign, she kinda slimmed the body down. I saw Krone and big and muscular because she was intimidating to the kids.  Either way, if you're black and you see a problem with Krone's design, that's fine. But if you're not black and you're complaining that a black character's design look weird cuz they have black features then that's kinda a problem. Of course, any body can point out if a character has a major flaw in their design, but the reason why people don't like Sister Krone's design and because of her black features as it didn't fit into the other character's design.
9:24 oh I thought that was a weird stylized hicky-
I feel like Daki has ZERO plot armour, because in district she is dressed modestly, but when she’s fighting she is dressed in attire not suitable to fight. Same with gyutaro! AND AKAZA! The upper moons are so confident in their necks.
I've never seen tough puppy but I was so confused how people could hate such a cute character. I thought her lips was just like a red mark and her nose looked normal to me. Then you pointed out that the red mark was her mouth and that her nose looked like a hole and then I was speechless.   Who tf gave this design the OK? Lmao  Edit: oh. It's a Butch Hartman show. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense lol
Jesus
I just want to know how that last design went through every layer and not once did someone look at it and think "Hmm, something here looks off. Oh I know! HER FACIAL FEATURES ARE LITERALLY IN THE WRONG PLACE AND SHE HAS A HOLE FOR A NOSE."
"AAA IT'S JAMAL" 💀
tbh the tuff puppy character looks like someone modeled her weird as a joke and they kept it bc, 'haha funny inside joke with the development team"
Your redesign of Ilulu took her from "OH GODS NO <BLURRGH>" to "THIS IS MY DAUGHTER NOW!"
9:20
Day 10 of asking lavendertowne to draw months as characters
I- I thought it impossible. Lavendertowne did better than Kyoto Animations. Illullu looks so much better now!
I did a redesign of tohru sister but I had to age her up due to the body she was given(I felt like I had to age her up qwq due to her how her body is)  Plus I can relate with the big chest/bust since I have them even at 16
Nice ❤️
0:58 how is this legal?
i think its ok to show physical/genetic traits that poc can have and stylize it to fit your art style, so long as its done respectfully and isnt obviously over exaggerated and meant to mock those traits
For ilulu, I feel a part of the character is the contrast from her personality to rediculous appearance.  Including stuff like the tiny hands. While the design is cool, I think it should've been a bit more rediculous.  Also Sister Krone probably should still maintain her black features
You don’t really win with the black character thing. I’ve seen many black creators get pissed off by omitting signature black features (features that there’s nothing wrong with, I’m not sure why this character is getting shit since she doesn’t have red lips and the charcoal black skin that is classic in racist caricature. But I might be seeing it through a different lens since my bestie is black and she fucking loves this character and has no issues with her appearance.)  On the other side of the coin, if you make a character look “too black” it’s immediately deemed racist and it seems to come mostly from white people, but I’ve seen a few black people have the same opinion.  By and large, I’ve mostly seen people have the opinion that you dishonour a race by not giving them features that they’re known to have. Giving them sameface and only colouring their skin something other than white cheapens the whole “Look! I’m being ethnically inclusive,” claim. The thought is there, which is something to acknowledge, but I kinda more so agree that trying to add those defining features says a lot about someone’s attempt of racial inclusion.  I can understand the style argument and keeping them looking the same in that sense. Kipo did a good job with that. I don’t think it really helps that most of the characters in Promise Neverland are children and have bubbly eyes, then the adults look… well, evil.   Either way, I really hope that those two arguments between “too black” and “not black enough” doesn’t discourage people from making black characters.
The first redesign is perfect I'm always bothered by the fact she looks so tiny in everything except for one person for some strong person
I anything boob coded is a ~whatever~ sack, I expect them to have similar texture to salivary glands, be different sizes, have obvious ducts into the body part that will release the product and to deflate when used up while the body secrets new product. Otherwise, they boob and nothing you try to weasel in will change my mind
this sound scared me lol 0:99
I love sister’s redesign but it would have been cool to see her remain kinda curvy
my best friend legitimately has the same body type as the first anime girl. it is physically possible! but uhhhh it is the worst. they have to take prescription pain killers for their back pain because of it :(  they are 5 foot 2 inches
When the image of Becky from toff poppy appeared, I was like “ok, it’s a butch Hartman dog” Then I kept looking at the design and the longer I looked the more cursed it became until I couldn’t stop laughing 😂
Whooooa Becky looks terrifying, I...don't want to know what that mouth looks like in animation. It's a pity because her head bean shape make me think of Moomintroll and it's a very soft sweet base shape...but then you see the mouth and wonder who had to work a few too many late nights and rushed deadlines.
I'm sorry but sister Krones hair in the original (manga, the anime looks a bit better) reminds me of broccoli..or like someone stuck a bush on her head and called it hair! It just looks so..weird? It just doesn't look like hair to me, it looks like something stuck on her head like a bad wig..it doesn't really look attached.
I thought Becky's mouth is a tattoo 😂😂
Though I like the other two designs, I do wish that the Becky redesign stuck a little closer to T.U.F.F Puppy's stylization 😭 to make her look less weird to us but still fit within the universe instead of like, A Goofy Movie background character or something lol
Jesus Becky I was staring for so long trying to see her face correctly
ive never seen 9:08 before what the FUCK is that
lavendertowne having banger takes abt llulu and her character design. especially about the chopping the chest off and how it’s not inherently sexual(ized)
as soon as I saw the character from tuff puppy, I thought it was a face with a hole, then i saw a dog without a mouth with some kinda tattoo on her cheek.... But then.... I saw the true monstrosity that she is. Lol.  Edit, i just noticed her name is Becky, XD
( 9:41 ) OHH I THOUGHT IT WAS A MARK ON HER FACE. Ngl', looks better if this was just a mark.
Asian media stereotyping dark-complected characters, especially in recent efforts toward diversity (because it's certainly not inclusion), has gotten to me so much that I've stopped consuming titles that prominently feature dark characters as either villains (often with no reasonable backstory); thoughtlessly violent; with white hair; or, worst, as animals (the number of titles that literally refer to these characters as "beasts"... 🤢). Even as an international consumer, I think it's important that I don't support this racism. That said, there's still at least 1 in every dozen or so that gets it right, and I hold out hope that we can help the industries change.
People are mad a black character looks black? Curious 🤔
If there’s one POC character I think was done well design wise is Onyankopon from Attack on Titan. He still maintains the style of the anime while also looking like an actual black man.
K when I saw Becky I didn’t realize her mouth was a mouth I thought it was a tattoo or scar…
For the dragon maid one, a good example of proportions is Shinji Inui from MDUD. Who, although is still in middle school she generally has a more developed body, she looks reasonably proportional. She’s taller with a little bit of a bigger chest. Which is completely fine besides age (honestly annoys me) So, I looked it more up, turns out in the comic she is completely off the rails with her body, the anime is completely fine though.
I really like ur sister Krone design but I LOVE THE ORIGINAL >:D I literally know little to nothing abt art but I do know a little abt anatomy (not really 🫅) and I loved ur character design of Ilulu
9:21 THAT’S SUPPOSED TO BE HER MOUTH??!?!!??
the other thing about sister krone is that I think they wanted her to be the unnerving character and the big eyes and line nose made her look more cute than creepy
9:21  her nose in the picture looks like a manhole 😟
I would've just stuck with making Ilulu more proportionate and older, because I do not get Ilulu from this redesign.
I saw Ilulu from Dragon Maid in the thumbnail and the title of this video so I clicked
Not gonna lie that dark skinned character i thought was a man to be honest. Is why i didn't thinkmuch of it while seeing them pop up on facebook once in a while.
i like sister krone (idk how to write her name) design, i think it fits her, but your design is pretty!
With the dog character Becky, I didn't register a lot about her design, like I didn't see that mouth as a mouth (I saw it as just a little smear, maybe makeup) but I see it now. And I see the hole nose now. And I can't unsee it.
Thank you for doing Sister Krone. I love the promised neverland and I absolutely love Krone but I can’t say that her character art didn’t upset me, and when I seen the manga version, it upset me a bit more. She has an amazing character and there’s nothing *seriously* wrong with her features, as some black people do inherit those features, but it’s unfair when black characters in  anime’s are so drastically different from their peers.
I haven't seen the dragon maid show and I LITERALLY thought it was an exaggeration for a joke, THATS HER CHARACTER DESIGN?? HOLY SHIT
Okay Becky’s character design is an optical illusion. I thought her mouth was a scare, that black hole her nose, and that she’s didn’t have a mouth. Wtf?
My wife’s chest grew explosively during puberty, and there was a girl in my middle school class that was nicknamed ‘Boobs’ for what should be obvious reasons. So yeah, it’s totally possible for a 16-year old to have a large chest, just Ilulu’s design went way too far and didn’t make her look old enough for it to be believable. Good job on the redesign.
10:10 Your re-designs of her gave me such Chicory: A Colorful Tale vibes!!! I absolutely love it
i looked at the first character and was like:  this is a joke, right?
As someone who isn't poc, I don't think giving Krone big features was a bad idea in theory, the problem is they made barely any effort to match her style with the rest of the characters, I don't think any of the other Characters have lips at all, and something in her face proportions is also a bit off.  Imo the solution shouldn't be to give her a button nose and thin lips, it's to find a better way to portray her facial features in this artstyle.
It’s so sad and weird to see women and female characters being sexualised for something that’s not meant to be sexual, their chest. It’s meant to feed babies like- 😐 having a bigger chest shouldn’t mean bigger sexual appeal behind it. Of course we know some artists might be onto something when designing an overly busty character but I’m glad you said characters can be curvaceous without being inherently sexualised
i wish u kept sister krones black features like her bigger nose and lips, bc features like that r never rlly in anime. Like its more ab fixing the features instead ab removing them completely. Thats why its called "fixing a design" not "removing features of the design completely"
iruru's design was good and nothing wrong, plenty of us females love her look...puritans are by far the worst
The becky's original design tho😭 I've never seen tuff puppy before, and it took me a while to realize that what i thought was a blush on her cheek was her mouth 🥲
the sword slashing sound effect when she said lop em off 😭😭
tbh making her bigger but keeping the chest size was probably the best choice. cause, no joke, her breasts are her dragon fire glands. she's not intentionally exaggerating parts for humans, its her way of trying to fit her dragon biology into her human form so she's still strong as a person, hence why her chest actually glows when about to shoot fire. ... I'm not even that big into the show and I know this somehow
I wish you would've gone a bit more into the other character's personalities like you did with Llulu. It might be helpful in explaining some of your choices. Their personalities are gonna influence their designs and not everyone's seen the shows being talked about. This is especially true for the last one because her shape language feels really different. Not an especially big issue but I think it'd be nice.
When I first saw Becky (the dog) I thought she has a gash on the side of her cheek & when I realised it was a mouth I thought the freckles were crumbs- 😭🤚
Omg at first glance at the first character I thought she had her arms crossed 💀 LMAO
The thing about the Promised Neverland that i loved was that they purposefully didn't fall into same face anime syndrome. I LOVE that all the kids look different, have different skin tones, hair textures, Nose shapes!! The kid with the hooked nose always made me so happy bc you rarely see that in anime on a non villian kind of character that isn't yanno exaggerated to the moon, its just a cute lil redheaded kid who happens to also have a hooked nose, idk I loved that aspect so when it comes to Sister Krone it sucks bc they had the style parameters to really give her black features and not shy away from them, but instead they went way too far and like many have said fell into the mammy caricature and like very racist style motifs. Like others I loved her character so it really does make me sad because she coulda been stylized beautifully so easily but yeah the point on the nostrils was a great one that could have helped immensely. Just sucks how often great media so easily falls into sexualizing or demonizing certain groups, I'm just glad more people are realizing we can criticize the things we love and that doesn't mean we're hating on them
Personally, I would like to see a redesign of Ann Takamaki's metaverse outfit. I just feel like it sexualizes her too much for a teenager, and especially when her character arc is about not being sexualised by older men, I feel like the cat outfit could have been a lot more like Yusuke's fox outfit.
Since yall are arguing a lot about sister krone ill say this. If  you want a good example of drawing a black character in anime that doesn't look like a stereotype try canary from hxh (2011).
I'm fairly sure the first girl has some sort of tumor in her original design
I thought Becky’s mouth was a scar and the “nose” was a hole in place of her mouth-
I know people in these Comments have brought it up, But I'm also Glad you kept Lulu's Breasts. I have a friend who is a lot shorter than other people my age (18-19) she's around 4'11 but, Like I said We're young adults. And even though she's short she has a lot of thick curves. And wearing a Woman's T shirt that fits her comfortably, would show a Lot of Cleavage. She's had around 2-3 boyfriends that she's broken up with for giving her "weird vibes" and it would later be revealed that the Boyfriend was s3xually attracted to Loli's or Something. She went through a phase where she'd wear hoodies/Jackets and Jeans so she could hide her figure better. But she'd tell me she hated not being able to wear what she wants to wear because she'd get fetishized. I've gotten her to feel at least comfortable enough to wear clothes she thinks are cute around me. She'll wear them under her Jacket and later Show me her outfit like "It looks good right?!" And I'll be like "Heck yeah!"   Tl;dr: Makes me Happy knowing Curvier people can exist in Media without being shamed for it, even if it's by the fans ;^ )
Holy sh*t I couldn't even tell that that red swoop was a mouth on Becky's face, I thought it was a badly drawn blushy thing
I think people had a problem with Ilulus design because she looked like a 7-9 (Yk the loli style) that has over sexualized characteristics
i feel like they fixed sister Krone's design in the anime already didn't read the manga tho
There was nothing wrong sister krone period she was meant to look like the new enforcer an she did...........i m glad the the animator didn't draw her a generic token tanned look female character an instead gave her ethnically defined features to distinguish her............i think your beinging to ""woke"".............
I LOVE THESE REDESIGNS!!!! Kobayashi's dragon maid is one of my fav animes, but Iruru's design (and also Lucoa's, though it is a bit less outragous) just rubbed me the wrong way
1. i love your redesign of Iruru. It definitely comes off as her being a teenager in a chaos faction~  2. I love your little outro animation~ it’s so cute with your voice~ Like you’re having fun and being the cute kind of silly~
i dont think there is anything wrong with sister krone's design, her features can be seen in a lot of real women and her hair looks messy and 'racist' literally because who would ever teach her how to do her hair? the story has an impact on its characters. the only solusion to make her less hated would have been to add more black characters to the plot. also whats up with most redesigns of black characters being whitewashed and getting stripped of their black features, these features shoudn't be considered wrong of need of a rethink. also she was perfectly fine being buff and with muscle.
holy-- as a person is unfamiliar with the show, the original becky design blew me away with how unnatural it is. who thought this was okay 😭
Why using the word "rescue" when they were born that way they were created :\ ? I'm not sure but It does sounds like a disrespectful for the original creators  What's the differece between those fixing arts thing and what you are doing in this video ?
She turned Ilulu into a dark souls character.
ILULUS MY FAV CHARACTQR I LOVE HER DESIGN
I appreciate the redesign of krone, but you made her slimmer, and took away her black features. You can still give her black features without making her a stereotype
I like all the charaters , sterotyped or not ♡
Heyo.. I understand my comment will likely get drowned out, which is more than okay, plus I'm only commenting on what so many other people have been talking about here.   I really, really appreciate you took a sensitive care over the sexualization and racism topic, as many other people appreciate too. Both matters have been thrown around before and it's nice to see a change in pace.   In particular, I take gratitude for your first design. Admittingly I'm turning sixteen within the next few months, and I've already dealt my share of sexual harassment, cat calling, and creepy behavior from others. Since an incident half a year ago, I've really begun to care more about over sexualization in media and I genuinely cannot explain how distressed I become watching things like anime anymore. It gets me angry in such a unique way, and disgusts me beyond comprehension that some people cannot hold respect for womens' bodies (you see it in poses, hear it in sounds and so on).   But thank you for pointing out the fact that the girl's breast was a key point in her overall design. Just having big breasts shouldn't mean that you're therefore overly sexualized, and it genuinely feels like it's own unique way of body shaming that isn't talked about a lot. These things *happen* and so many of us can't help how our bodies are molded. I agree with so many other people here: the issue is how it is PORTRAYED.    So thank you.
I don’t really like that you change the two first characters because the animators based those characters off the manga and these guys worked really hard to make these designs like the manga but better and I think they tried to make the black character not look that bad as the manga counterpart, so you are redesigning redesigns that took people hard work to make these designed faithful as possible not to get the manga artist mad but you make these designs in a hour
cringe
Thank you for fixing sister krone 🫶🏿
3:09 she looks like tecnoblade but girl, no hates on this drawing and tecnoblade, I respect him bc he died
Sister Krone's design is not really not that bad, her style is really good... For me.
11:03 ayo?? thats literally me as a furry
Uh uh cartoon not reality?!?
Waching this ar 2 am 🤠
The show did say that her massive "HEART" is because that is where store her energy or somethin, it is also the reason why tohru and others have those massive "HEART". tho i got to ask, if female store their eneegy in their "HEART" then where do guys store theirs???
So you turn her fat? There are skinny women with big breast.
Tbh this statement might be bothering for certain people here, however I do find it slightly rude for creators when other artists tell they "fix", "rescue", "make better design" out of the author's creations. I did listen to your disclaimer but the title of this video still conveys a completely different message.
all the people thinking the literal minstrel cartoon character isnt racist lol go read up on history
All I gotta say is that she looks like a edgy teen (talking about the first redesign)
There's nothing wrong with sister krone???? People act like characters that look like poc are racist. Also why did you make her skinny?
none of those characters had bad designs xD your audacity
😂😂😂😂😂 just love how crazy the designs get in anime.😂😂😂😂😂
2:26 THE SOUND EFFECTS 💀💀💀
The first one is a design that really weirds me out, not only physically but also because of her character trates so I really liked how you re-designed her
Sister Krone doesn't look offensive in the slightest though?? There are other black/dark skinned kids and it's not like they made 'caricatures' out of them for this show to be racist against them? I've known plenty of women who really resemble Krone, seeing her design made me immediately think of those friendly and energetic black ladies that are like an aunt. Are we really gonna call black features ugly and unsuited now?
Ok the fact that bigger chest sizes have become the default when sexualizing female characters makes me sad. Also the fact that she is a teenager with this idea in mind makes this even worse. I honestly could go on a rant on how much minors are accidently and sometimes purposely are sexualized in media.
I just wanna say that I’m pretty sure that sister krone is actually pronounced sister krona just saying not trying to be rude or anything.
I forgot her name but the dog character- I can see the face with just eyes and lips but when I try to put it together with the nose.. I see a nose.. but my brain physically can’t see it as a face. That’s how bad the design is XD
9:45 they looked at her and really thought”we can air this with HER design “
OH MY WORRRDD I remember Becky! Tuff Puppy was a fever dream in my childhood but I remember haaaaaating Becky because of her design. It’s so ugly proportion-wise, and then you get to that icky color scheme. RIP Becky.
While watching your outtro all I could think was "when will she get dizzy and puke" comment what you guys think
What program is she using?
I completely agree but I think the reason sister krone looks like that is because she is meant to be feared until her death. We and the children were supposed to be scared of her whereas Isabella was like a wolf in sheep’s clothing - a killer acting like a mother. She had no choice yes but I’ll still go with this.
The whole age thing, yall would hate Australia
Oh hey! I handled ilulu similarly just over a year ago, leaning harder into the wrestling costume tropes and giving her a stronger, thicker set build. Shes such a drab hot mess that its fun to juuj her up.
11:30  You forgot her tail🐶 on the right one  However the design is still absolutely adorable
The amount of male friends who argued with me about Ilulu chest was so disturbing
Your art is so beautiful! I look up to you and my art has improved so much BECAUSE of you!! I do want to add that when drawing black characters, make sure to make the bottom lip and palms lighter than the skin tone.
I thought Becky's mouth was an open wound! WFT
Can u re do saiki k’s? I hated the anime for many reason mainly the designs he’s a physic that can do everything imaginable but his design sucks In my opinion
the second Becky redesign is amazing!!
As an AFAB person who had a pretty big bust at 16, I appreciate you keeping the dragon girl's chest the way it was :> Having a large bust isn't inherently sexual (We can't naturally control how they look-) so it's nice to see somebody rework her but work to balance her body to her chest as opposed to her chest to the small child body ToT
Breast implants don't fall down and I used to know quite a few girls back in highschool that were like 1,50m and had massive breasts, I actually felt bad for her because that gave her back pain
It's probably a case of wanting it to look good on the page, but these designs (Ilulu's especially) would have to he streamlined for the sake of the animators, not much though. I think that might be another reason why she wouldn't wear that cape later on, for example, it's easier to animate a straight edge than a frayed one. Either way, well done on both of the designs!
You took sister krones features away
Thank you for fixing the girl from Tough Puppy. She is the fuel to my nightmares.
I think my only issue is your Krone, you made her skinny and took away her black features and replaced them with eurocentric ones, black characters can have big noses and big lips without being racist/stereotypes. Krones original designs emphasized those features top much where it's a minstrel show. I've been a long subscriber of you and I noticed for awhile you only give your poc small dainty noses and small lips to match your white/fair skin ones and it gives same face syndrome as well as not being diverse
Oh my god, you’re second one is so cute!
i ffel like krone looked like that because since we were seeing the story from the trio’s perspective, she just looked creepier and emitted a more different vibe than isabella did; if she had been stylized the same way as everyone else, i dont think she would nearly be as creepy, but i totally get why people hate how she looked in the series
i'm trying to learn the more traditional anime art style simply so I can make a black protagonist in that art style over them looking different- ;-;
The main issue I have with sister krone wasn’t so much the art style but it the style paired with her character. Based on her look and clothing style, it looks a lot like a Mammy archetype. I liked seeing her bigger nose shape and bigger lips cause even black characters in animes never get that.   You could have these features for black characters and it look great, like Krone at times.  But Krone’s style, crossed what her character represented with being more intimidating, while also looking like a mammy, really made her character a racist one.
If you ever do more of these videos, I want to see your take on Katilda from Catscratch. Even years after my Catscratch phase, her design still bothers me. The main three cats (and the cats' mom in the flashback) are normal cats. No hair, no eyelashes, no accessories. Katilda? She has human hair, lipstick, a hair band, long af eyelashes, and pigtails with bows at the end. The angular art style makes her look even less flattering. Could you guess that she happens to be the love interest of one of the main characters? 😬
I think the main problems with Sister Krone’s initial design (in the anime at least) is not quite that her lips are nose are big, but that they are inconsistent. If she just had big lips that stayed the same throughout every scene she was in, even when she was making her ‘scary face’, it would feel less weird because it would just be a normal part of her body. It feels icky to me when her scary face is dependent on exaggerating her predominately ‘black features’.   The other two problems are ones that you already pointed out. One, she doesn’t look her age (which ends up making her look more like a mammy and a stereotype). But two, she has an unexpected feature that doesn’t fit in with the rest of the cast that makes her stand out a little too much: her eyes. You’re right about the fact that part of the reason her design is a bit weird is because it doesn’t fit in with the shows art style. And I think the part of her to design that primarily doesn’t fit in with the shows art style isn’t her nose or lips per se, but her eyes. I think your design of her would work pretty well if you just kept the slightly bigger nose and bigger lips (without over exaggerating them). Other than that, your redesign is pretty good and takes away a lot of her weirder design choices.
When I saw sister krone on the thumbnail I needed to watch this bc I love the promised neverland! I wanted to see how you made her and I think you did great
Eh the ilulu was okay, you drew her nice but did take her chest away but to each its own i know why you did so
bruh that last one I did not know that it was a math I thot it was a scar sorry if I spelled things roug
tbh the only problem I ever had with illulus design was that she genuinely just looks lopsided. topheavy. like if you poke her shes just gonna immediately fall over. spacing out your characters so they look like they can actually walk without falling over (setting aside stylizing) is actually really important, unless thats the intent of the design or something
ah yes, because tuff puffy is definitely an anime
Honestly I thought that a well drawn black character in anime was Canary from HxH. She has inherently black features such as big lips, wide nose etc but she’s still drawn in a consistent style with the rest of the characters.
I thought Becky’s lip was a red stripe at first 💀 oh noooo
Sister krone is such an incredible character I'm so annoyed what happened to her but it is true she was quite stereotyped she looks good in both
In my opinion I like the style of her it’s different to me I’m not trying to be weird or rude I love her style her face is cute
in my opinion i dont like either of the ilulu designs The Orignal was just, Wrong. But dont get me wrong Lavender's Was good but If i saw that and someone asked "who is that a redesign of" i wouldnt say ilulu cause the re design is fairly far fetched.  lavender's sister krone was great their wasnt any real problem with it besides her design took away from the creepiness of her character If she was chasing me id no longer be scared she looks like the fun feisty trustable kind now.  Bonus redesign: 10/10 Beautiful emaculate phenominal
about the stylizing thing at 6:45 i think it can really depend on how much variety u have in body/face types in the show. the show carole and tuesday is like 70% black people or ppl with darker skin tones, and some are drawn with the typical anime style of smaller nose and lips, but other characters have stronger features like sister crone did(for example, the character Skip who I quite love) but look very natural instead of stereotyped. It just especially didnt work in TPN bc every other character is so copy-paste in style and build.
YEAH SISTER CRONE IS... YIKES...
I loved all of them but isnt it kinda bad to give sister krone such a doll nose when there was mothing wrong about her nose
WAIT KRONE IS SUPPOSED TO BE 25 SHE LOOKS 50 TO 40 OMG the redesign is just mwah Beautiful
Mineta from MHA. Not just his design, *HIM* .
MKDM?!? AAAAAAAAAA
that first girls original design should, sensibly, look way more like wearing a tent since there's no logical reason for the dress to suck back in under the breast and form fit to her stomach.
I have a question that I don’t expect to be answered.  What editing apps do you use?   Cause mine ARE NOT WORKING
Sister krone had a desgin that i actually like, i would never change it and to be honest, i would never complain about her desgin, and just because shes in another style and with black skin doesn’t mean it’s racist or the way her face is stylized , just let the artist draw the way the anime would fit
About Ilulu, I think the point of her original design is PRECISELY to make it off-placed, like she isn't skilled enough with transformation magic to have a human for that correctly fits her nature or something along those lines (hence oversized chest among other things).  About sister Krone, *congratulation* you exchanged an african woman for an afro-american one ! I get you weren't ill-intended but yeah, not confortable with that redesign. Not at all.
Thank god finally someone talked about sister Krone's design! Luckily I wasn't the only one that thought it was extremely stereotyped, like I've seen black characters in anime that looked waaaay better than hers. Not to mention that they also just killed her off after only a few episodes- TPN went down the hill after that for me.
Well ilulus design is actually pretty accurate to her personality from what ive seen in the manga
I got excited when you mentioned Michiko and Hatchin cause not many ppl know about that anime🤧
sister krone looks so much worse in the manga like shit, atleast the anime TRIED to improve it somehow
Aww! Tough puppy! I remember that show! But I don’t really remember the character you’re redesigning xD
With the last one, I didn't immediately notice her mouth being in the wrong spot. I thought she didn't have a mouth ._.
9:05 i didnt even realize that was her mouth under the eye. Now im going crossed eyed tryna look at her face now that i know it's her mouth lmaoo
These are not it ......
Sister krona is amazing, I feel her design is quite stereotyped though if they drew other characters in that style it would be amazing
5:08 so cool! :0
illulu has big chest bc she apparently stores fire in there, i don’t see it as a bad design.
10:13 I thought her mouth was some scar she has. But I look closely and....
I don't mind how Krone looks originally imo.  Disclaimer: Long and passionate word essay coming up! I have a ton of feelings about Sister Krone that I need to express, but I want to make it clear before I start rambling that I have no hate to Lavendertowne here! She was fair in how she presented her thoughts and opinions, and I'm not going to act like she's a bad person just for disagreeing with me. I'm talking in general and none of this is directed at her exclusively.  Anyways, I can understand where people are coming from when they see some of the expressions Krone makes and how it looks like a racist stereotype, but every time she was drawn that way, it was supposed to look off-putting and egagerrated for the sake of adding creep factor. If you read the manga there are actually quite a few panels that draw her with rather normal face proportions. I can get the complaint that she sticks out too much, but I find how she looks when she isn't making creepy expressions down to earth and even pretty at times! Aside from when she has exaggerated faces (wich feels like it's supposed to stick out like a sore thumb for the sake of creating unease), she didn't feel that out of place to me personally.  She's an antagonist meant to make the reader uncomfortable, and I feel like the off-putting expressions were made so you could feel how personally intimidating she was to the kids and not because of racism or stereotyping. She's even a well developed character with an interesting backstory, (that I highly recommend you experience for yourself!), So I don't find any sort of malicious intent with how she was handled?   People act like context never matters when bringing up character design, but it does! How the appearance of a character is used in the story is very important, and simply having Krone make some creepy faces when she's acting creepy isn't inherently being racist. Intention really matters if you think something was supposed to be racist or not.  I feel like the main reason some people think the design is racist is because of all the pressure to be socially aware and vocal about this stuff online. Even if it's not something actually racist, it's way too common for people to just look and see something as such. I feel that people just took one look at Krone, saw her exaggerated features and said "that's offensive", when how she is portrayed is better than that in the story.   I'm mixed, and I just simply don't find her design offensive at all. If you think she was created with racist intent in mind or that her design is insensitive you are entitled to your opinion, but I personally disagree. It feels like people are constantly trying to mandate what is or isn't offensive & racist, only for them to turn around and try speaking for other ethnicities, taking a minority character at their face value, or end up perpetuating stereotypes themselves.    Krone is much so much more than a stereotype and I'm sad that's all people treat her as.
I have a question, I have a black oc and I gave him fuller lips but thin nose. I did it to show how different races are mixed over thousand years in Earth. My question is, is it okay to give him those facial features? I want my comic to represent different races and I wanna make sure I don't offend anyone.
12:32 Hear me out on her redraw of Becky...
One character design that I don't think is bad but is a little lacking is Ami from toradora. She's meant to be this super pretty modle but she honestly looks pretty basic, especially compared to how recognizable taiga is. Like if you were to show someone who never watched toradora a picture and of some of the girls and have them guess which one was a modle it would be a little harder to tell that it could be.
These are some wonderful redesigns but your mic is picking up on a lot of mouth clicking ( if thats understandable? ) and it makes it really hard to watch. :( it makes me rather sad because I've been watching your content for years
Sister Krone reminds me of my Nanny [ second mother ] and I love that you removed a bit of the stereotype because it really annoys me how some people draw black people’s lips so big. Thank you for the new design!
0:53 i cant tell if thats a child or not and their personality doesnt even match their design
Holy crap that thing under the dog’s eye was her _mouth?!_ I thought it was a scar!  Also love some of those poses you busted out for the dragon kiddo. They were so dramatic, with such good perspective!
I think you subdued sister Crones ethnicity, you should have made her head shape wider than Isabellas, nose a little rounder and lips a bit wider and pink, right now she just looks like any south european or anime character just tanned. In the show and anime her uncannyness is whar made her such a scary precense. Indstead of thay uncanny and offensive design you could mke her unsetteling by tilting her eyes, a bit upwards like the artist of Sweet home.
why did no one pick mineta he rlly needs some help
I was curious to see your sister krone redesign as a black trans man. I personally didn’t hate the redesign or hate the anime/manga design. But I really think that there are some things you should’ve kept. Sister Krone is a all black woman, she can have a smaller nose but not the ones Isabella or the kids have because they aren’t really black. Phil and Don aren’t seen as black characters, they are more seen as south Asian characters because of their tan skin and straight black hair. Unlike them sister krone is actually shown to be black because of her more curly hair and dark (but not that dark) skin color. What I am saying is that don and Phil aren’t good examples to compare to sister krone because they aren’t black. I would prefer if you kept the rounder nose and the fuller lips. I wouldn’t have mind if you had made them look more like Canary’s nose from HxH but I would’ve really liked to see them on sister krone’s design.   Another thing is that you made her body smaller. As you know sister krone is seen to be very athletic and muscular. Not because she is a black woman but because she works out and has built her body to that way. I would’ve like to see that redesign as she is very much okay with her normal build. And many people can look 26 or younger with said build.   Also, to those comparing Sister krone to the mammy stereotype I personally believe that is not correct. Not saying that she isn’t a stereotype but she definitely not a mammy. The reason why I say that is because a mammy is a older black woman, who obedient, nice, kind hearted, and will do anything for the people she trust. Sister krone doesn’t fit that. Sister krone is not obedient, she doesn’t like to follow Isabella’s rules. You can say she is kind hearted for dying for the kids but she isn’t really that kind hearted. Sister krone will also only do things that will get her in the lead, which gives her a totally different personality from a mammy.   The stereotype that sister krone could fall into that no one has mentioned is that she is a loud, obnoxious, black woman. That she doesn’t care about sounds but she ghetto. She likes into fights for fun and will do anything involving violence, BECAUSE black woman now at days are seen that way. I can tell many of you guys probably don’t live in cities where there are many black people(not all but definitely some) But coming from me I think the mammy stereotype is just an excuse to call sister krone a very racist design. Which could be if some of you guys would use a better example instead of mammy’s.   I still love the sister krone design but I really hope that next time when you do a redesign of a black character or black seeming character, you can include the black features that were giving to said character that was obviously there to represent other African Americans or black people around the world.
I think the first two designs are particularly difficult to redesign because their problem extends their appearance and transcends into how their written. Sister Krone especially was an explicit choice made by the author, definitely not a good one, and while it's important to discuss and analyze what aspects of the character are offensive and why, we will never get a redesign that "fixes" the piece of media in the first place. I have not seen Dragon Maid so I cannot speak for it as a series but Sister Krone's design is not the only case of racism in The Promised Neverland. I won't go into detail for spoiler reasons but in my reading of the series I found some weird implications the manga made in terms of it's major themes.  Also Becky's colour palette bothered me a lot and I'm surprised you didn't change it. Why is she that horrendous jaundice piss yellow colour. Butch Hartman I will never forgive you.
Arrh, now i can't unsee Becky's nose as just a hole on her face DX!!! But great redesigns though, you did a great job with all of them and good for you for not copping out and slicing off IIulu's breasts.
I love how you did Sister Krone 😍😍😍
fun fact Ilulu, from what I heard they are basically her "Fire sack's" which I'm guessing are what hold her funny fire
I like sister krones redesign but I feel like you got rid of her features 🥹
[Noralities aprooves this video]
i dont mind krones design that much but i understand where people are coming from since its true she isnt stylized the same way as the other characters. I still would have preferred for in your redesign to keep a larger or rounder nose and maybe some more lip.
When I first saw Becky I was like, “I mean the nose is a little weird, and she doesn’t have a mouth but that isn’t a BAD thing, is it cause of that birthmark under her eye?” Then I learn it was her MOUTH.
I really wanna see your Invader Zim fanart :0
But seriously WHERE ON EARTH WOULD YOU GET A SHIRT LIKE THAT!?!?
smh yall need to stop packin on that dragon maid person, i forgot the name im not going back, anyways that character is perfectly fine, yall are just scared of her smth LMAO
I literally thought that becky just didn't have a mouth at first lol.
Based off the thumbnail, I'd like to say, Krone has an amazing design. She's got nice proportions, colors, etc. That's all. :)
I think the Kobayashi Dragon Maid Character, I dint think her design is bad, I think she gets Sexualised for her big chest bu ti dont think it look sto bad, Maybe age her up but,overall i think she gets Way to much hate
holy! i love these designs. liked how you took into account character and lore.
i personally think you couldve kept sister krones black features instead of giving her nonblack features i was expecting u to make it have less exaggeration without completely getting rid of her big nose and lips because just the lineart looks like a white lady with an afro
I’ve never watched Tough Puppy so when I saw Becky I thought her mouth was a scar (._. ) Like a Shota Aizawa-type-deal, I just thought the art style didn’t include a mouth, kinda like Snoopy
The last one just got weirder and weirder as I looked at it. Just-just no.
fact: the booba is where ilulu’s magma is stored
I think Ilulu would be a lil chubby. I don’t know why but it would add a lot to her character (in small details)
The way Becky looks like..its like her nose is a chin with a hole in it. I mean Butch Hartmans Version of Becky.
To the first character description I literally just imagined Azula and then came this 💀😭😭  Abot Krone, I honestly disagree! I feel it's more disrespectful when you totally erase the ethnic characteristics just to get it stylized, I feel what will make someone's art gorgeous is that every character has different characteristics but with the same style, so you don't literally draw the same face for every character, maybe that's not the case in cartoonish style but the styles mixed between realism and style should keep some truth to it, yes I agree that Krone could be little more stylized because her face feels too real  but I never feel like it's racism to draw her nose differently than others it actually shows beauty and differences instead of having the same face for every character, Anyways your designs were pretty just wanted to say friendly opinion 💞
"Her mouth is right underneath her eye-" THAT'S HER MOUTH?????????
(=
omg ilulu looks so cool
What if she is supposed to be short because later she'll have her last growth spurt or she's to be short. I have realized there are no midget characters anywhere. At least Hank's dad had his military incident. The only cartoonic midget by a technical circumstance. There was a student at my school who started as short, but by then of the three years he sprouted. Also there are just adults who have smaller frames, between midget and 5'4" that look natural.
It could just be me but I’ve noticed that Sister Krone looks a little thinner in your version, I doubt it was intentional if it is there, but it’s something that I saw
Where’s her afro?…her black features?chile.
And yeah, Krone was the one character that made me seriously uncomfortable while reading the manga. It's like in the anime she acts more crazy, and in the manga she looks more crazy.
Yeah. In the The Promised Neverland manga, a character named Yugo looks super old too.
oh my god sister crone is so cute!!! :p i love her like shes one of my favorite characters but ough that original design? wth?? this is so much cuter (and less terrifying, those original beady little eyes oh god) and more accurate and i wish theyd done something like that for the anime because its one of my favorites and when sister crone came on screen i just kinda… "WOAH-??" anyway all of the redesigns are awesome but im biased so sister crone has to be my favorite :)
Can you do pt 2
i think sister krone is legit the best charcther ever her personality, her backstory, but her design is the worst, the fact they streotyped sister krone is the worst, i thank u for being the best artist (i havent sub yet lol) for fixing her, but i would do the lips bit bigger i mean for me :)
Damn I was expecting that first character to look like a buffer version of Venessa from genshin impact with cool big horns, was unpleasantly surprised
I love how she never calls anyone/ the creator/ the artist bad, she respects and gives criticism
the dragon maid girl thing reminds me of momo from my hero academia and how people try to justify her sexual outfit by saying "she needs it for her quirk!" why couldn't her quirk be written different? why couldn't it be written so she doesn't need to show so much skin? WHY DOES THE SKIN NEED TO BE SPECIFICALLY NEAR HER BREASTS
Becky looks like she has a scratch on her cheek and a black hole as a nose thank you for choosing her
I really liked Crone and her creppy face but I never realized that was kinda offending and I'd like to apologize for that...   ALSO I RECOMMEND READING THE MANGA INSTEAD OF THE ANIME BECAUSE IT SKIPPED TONS OF ARCS AND CHARACATERS the ending is sadder tho BUT THE LOST ARCS MAN
i saw the original becky and thought that the "nose" was her mouth, and she had freckles and a tattoo😭😭✋️🏽✋️🏽
twitter moment
"not that butch hartman-y" that should be the goal of every character design i think
I really liked your redesign for Sister Crone (or however you spell it)! I had the same reaction to her character design the first time I read/watched TPN, and I like this one much better. Especially thematically: in addition to being problematic, her canon character design is just kind of inherently creepy in a way that doesn't really fit TPN's premise? The whole story's vibe is supposed to come from the juxtaposition of the demonic underbelly with the wholesome exterior, but I have a hard time fitting Sister Crone's canon character design into a wholesome mental image. Yours I definitely can; awesome job 😊😊😊
The only thing I missed in your sister Krone's redesign is that she got skinny, I mean, I always saw her as muscular, kinda, soldier built, since she is depicted as athletic and strong and it's one really relevant trait as an obstacle for their escape
One of your references gave me nightmares when I read the manga and it is SCARY STILL!
I think I read some opinion about why Ilulu chest and other dragonoid have massive chest. Because they're dragon. That all. Which still doesn't make any sense.   also this is Japanese animation where young girl with huge chest is common
I am a dragonmaid fan and I personally loved Ilulu's redesign, it really fits the character's proposal, I also have no problem with the original design, but between it and yours I liked yours much better ♡♡♡♡
But most of the dragon characters have big breasts
One of the thing that annoys me with this big chest girls is: imagine having a chest that big, SIS WOULD HAVE SO MANY BACK PROBLEMS!! But the thing is: the artist that draw this type of characters are male artists, they don't think about that type of thing! So they just go sexualizing a MINORS body with proportions that makes NO sense, because they are not thinking about how real woman looks like. :/
At first I really thought that the character in the beginnings breasts was just her crossing her arms lmao
I DIDNT NOTICE THE HOLE LOOKING NOSE UNTIL U POINTED IT OUT AND NOW I CANT UNSEE!!! 😭😭🤣
I understand the argument against making older characters look young, but I am an adult that happens to look much younger than I am—enough so that I am assumed to be younger than my two-years younger (and still a minor) sibling. I have a very round face, flatten my chest, am very short, and have a higher voice. I’ve been pursued by a convicted child abuser. It’s not to the extreme that a lot of depictions sink to, but there are older people that just look really young. It feels so gross to know the kind of people that sexualize me and people like me for something we can’t change or help. I feel like I can’t trust anyone attracted to me, nor do I feel I can be taken seriously  Edit: I just got off a flight and I was the only one asked if I was under 12 years old. Not even my *younger* sibling was asked. fml
why does lupine Becky look like a furry version of Velma at first??
I've always had difficulty drawing different-race people in my style, so this helped a lot. Thank you so much!  Edit: A year has passed and I've improved so much. Drawing different races isn't an issue for me anymore, because I focus on individual features and how to stylize them and *then* work on the overall structure of the face. :D
T.U.F.F puppy was a childhood staple, i keep forgetting it until it's randomly mentioned (we watched it whenever it was on but it felt so rare)
2:38 im glad u pointed this out because I think it's very ignorant and old fashioned to see a curvy design on a female character to be sexual (some even use shaming words to describe curvy designs). A teenage character can still be curvy, obviously not with such weird proportions as Ilulu, without them being sexual, it isn't creepy or weird especially if they're 16-18.  I understand that certain body parts revolve around things that r sexual, but a flat chested character can still be looked at sensually. i think they could've matured Ilulu's looks, to avoid her being compared to Kanna, whilst still giving her the appearance of a younger person (well, it's not like all 16 year old girls have the same body so that makes it hard for me to think of any reasonable solutions to the complaints). Ig i don't understand what is being implied with "sexualization," but i feel like that word is being thrown around sometimes even when it doesn't sit right with what's being said.
They stylized sister Krone in a way that was expectedly ugly. It was accepted that she wasn't a beautiful character because of her exaggerated features (exaggerated African features specifically) and it was really pushing a rhetoric that black women were masculine and ugly. But ofc African women are some of the most beautiful people I've met so the design had no backing and was clearly just racist.
UGH NO!! AGE RESTRICTED ;-;
Does anyone else hate it when the overweight guys are perverts, and the overweight women are generally really nice, gets bullied some times, or is just an antagonist.
I can understand wanting to get rid of what sister krone looks like, because everything about her is bad. But I feel like giving her such a small nose wasnt the right idea. I feel like she should still have a wider nose but still in the style of the show.  You clearly have good intentions behind it and I'm not saying that you're a terrible person or anything, I just feel as if you landed right into a different stereotype on accident.
This video and people like you are why people are scared to try and add diverse characters. Imagine putting hard work on a character design, only for someone to come along and have the gal to "fix your design". I genuinely dont want to come across as disrespectful but this just isnt exactly a great look.
Does anyone know why this video has been age restricted?
Before you read this, please know Im not trying to body shame character designs! Along with I actually have a pretty big chest, so I don’t find this to bad. Also Im a guy so please don’t reply to me using any words referring to me as a female. Im Transgender. But anyway.  I love Miss Kobayashi’s Dragon Maid but the designs tend to sexualize younger girls. Along with it shows some things in the show that makes it a bit weird. Like this one tall girl (forgot her name) with brown and green hair, starts staying at this boys house (he looks 7-12) and she constantly has her chest around him or in front of him, making him blush a lot. Although she isn’t used to the human world, so I understand that. Along with the creators over exaggerated the girls chests. From what I remember, one of the girls from the show said the female dragons tend to have bigger chests. But good lord.
Bro that "fire sack" explanation for Ilulu is such a giant cope
if you ever do a part 2 can you do this one character he's not from an anime but he does need his character design fixed 😶 his name is nerd and he comes from a webtoon story called boyfriends here are a few problems with him and his design 💁 he's asian apparently but he has no asian features and he is a literal stereotype and he's sexualized a TON in the comic and  he looks 12 he's also a canon pro shipper
i love these redesigns so much because it actually fits the characters a lot more because i swear, some redesigns (referencing the blue bird app), could be highly offensive
I'm sorry Lavender, but I just don't agree one part of this video. (Please keep in mind, I really like your videos and I have no ill intent, but as an artist, I feel like I need to defend this) I don't agree with your "Criticism of Illulu, I myself am a fan of dragon maid, and I feel like this is just not doing it. Firstly: Illulu ISN'T a child. Every single time someone has said that they clearly never watched the show, let alone anime. Just because an anime girl is short doesn't mean she's a kid. And if we're talking about face, literally ALL the girls in the show have moe faces, literally all of them. Tohru, Luco, Elma, Kanna, each dragon has big cute moe eyes, and if your just gonna associate that with "Children" well that's just completely wrong. You should understand the media your critiquing before critiquing it. In fact, there's a whole cosplayer who perfectly cosplayed her! You can just look it up, it looks really awesome, a short, large chested woman! Secondly: IT'S NOT REAL I also don't agree with you reducing her chest because "it's sexualized" or "Pushing it too hard". First of all, sexualized characters aren't a bad thing, and the artist has every right to do that. I don't find the part where you say "It isn't realistic" okay because, well it's fiction! I'm so tired of people treating fiction like reality. It doesn't have to be realistic, fiction can be whatever it wants! I also find it pretty hypocritical seeing as how you have characters that exaggerate JUST as much as this show does, for intense, Planchette. She LITERALLY has the meatiest legs to ever grace the earth, and I like her character. You as a cartoonist and by your characters, CLEARLY understand the point of exaggeration, cause it just makes your character more interesting. I'm sorry, I'm so sick of people attacking Illulu's design because of things they don't like and think that that gives them the right to redesign her. They always give reasons that make no sense and don't apply when you watch the show. This isn't criticism, this is just changing things based your own prerogative. PLEASE, leave fictional character's designs alone.
Am I the only one who actually liked sisters krone’s design?
When u were doing Becky from tough puppy I thought the giant hole was her mouth or nose and her mouth wasn't showing until u explained it🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“Isabellas nose is just a line. You can do that with your black characters too.” Oh no
I didn't notice she had a mouth until you pointed it out...
Not me thinking “what’s wrong with the last one” and then seeing the lips
Sister Krone is obviously a stereotype, but the way you redesigned her is also wrong. Instead of entirely getting rid of her features (her nose, her hair texture) you could have just drawn her in the promised never land style like the other characters. You can fix racist caricatures without erasing black features. Please, give her back her hair texture and wide nose.
I might be delusional but i swear you changed her skin tone😭
Honestly I didn't notice sister Krones appearance as much as her personality until the second time I watched (probably because I binged it in one day) but when I finally realised what she looked like I was very. Very. Uncomfortable, and I personally like the redesign much better :) Also I've never known why are the adult women in the show wearing heels? They would have broken an ankle by now and it's just not functional.
There's a lot to like about your ilulu redesign and overall it's really one i would have preferred by far,  however i think there are big obvious missed opportunities with what you did with her hair and horns (especially horns), the original hors sure have some room for improvement but making them pointing up didn't need to make them overly generic and unrecognisable, the original horns definitely have recognisability going for them and you could have just kept their interesting base shape while elongating the tip to make it point upwards, which would have made for a better "firey shape", an easy simple and elegant solution that keeps the qualities already present in the og design while improving it and going along with your good idea. For the hair, instead of making the twintails all wiggly (something that sure goes well with your style but has no particular reason to be added to the charadesign), i would have went with keeping the firey shape language going, with simple curves and sharp endings pointing up Still glad to see your take on it though
i like your sister krone redesign but i think you could have just simplified her nose instead of just erasing one of her beautiful black features by pasting isabelas nose on krones face, other than that its very cute (personal opinion: a lotta black people have pink bottom lips, and i think it look cute on your redesign)
Definitely a sensitive topic, one of my  personal pet peeves in media is where poc are depicted as just white people with brown skin. She definitely gives minstrel-y vibes though
Yes I love this
"rescuing", ok buddy 😐
can you make a making fan oc's also please make if so not on Instagram or face book i am under age but still want to participate
Can you try and add my idea as in can you try and redraw hunter from owl house in your style or any character in the series ☺️🍵
Yup
I'm going to be honest, I loved sister Krones design. Her design kind of reminded me of my late mother ( Both her scary and good side lol). I adored how different she looked, even when she was creepy it felt normal; I didn't see anything wrong with her. And, even so her character personality is written so well that  i don't think it would matter no matter what her race is. Reminder it still matters at times but I don't think this was intentional. Also as a dark person i just have a pet peeve that with most re designs of darker people  are taken of their original traits and given different "prettier traits." Its just ticks me off a little since i enjoy how they look. I mean there's a bunch of other anime characters who are lighter races that have big lips? So whys it so wrong for darker races?  I just wish they added more black people in the promised neverland. :(
hii I think maybe you should make a fnf mod! and I'm just asking you don't have to and there's a tutorial on how to make voices and yeah-
oh video is age restricted! i cant watch because I don't want youtube to have any form of my id. i know its silly but just in case I get hacked
Waiting for Twotter To find this video be a Twat about it
I love your redesigns there so good I think it’s very pretty I love your art❤️
What app do u use or website
why iss thiss Age restricccteddd???
@1:46-.-Breast hypertrophy is a real life medical condition: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breast_hypertrophy?wprov=sfti1  just felt like sharing.
9:37 I didn’t see it at first, thanks for making me feel cursed
Can you draw realisticly cuz you keep correcting people but your art style is literally cartoons
Fun fact about Iruru she was actually nerfed on the anime as probably even KioAni was like "dude. Chill". However I think the mangaka at this point was just fucking with people as after her there is no other character that out of proportion on the manga. But yeah. She used to be even bigger
I honestly really like how Krone looks She doesn't feel racist or offensive to me Stylizing everyone's face the same is definitely a safe approach, but I appreciate the facial diversity. Some shows just give their black characters the same type of face that they give to everyone and just make them darker, change the hair, and call it a day. but there just *are* certain trends in terms of facial features that are kinda persistent among the black population. and I don't think it's racist to acknowledge that. I feel like ideally we would be embracing those differences instead of trying to hide or ignore them.  But obv thats just my own opinion, I'm not trying to claim I speak for all black people. There maybe be some othee black folks who do find Krone offensive ir racist and honestly, if that's you I'd be interested in hearing why. (not about to engage in any arguments or fights though. just wanna shut that down right now)
There's nothing wrong with their designs to begin with.
(tw) unpopular opinion: i found nothing wrong with sister krone’s design (in the anime)
I understand that sister krone is a big stereotype but u aint have to take away her lips and nose
12:00 "I used to be a part of a lot of fandoms where the art style of the original thing was like... not particularly conducive to fan communities. Like it just wasn't that detailed, or it was stylized in a way.  And this is totally how I would tackle that, if I was still in that zone where I was like, making Invader Zim fan art all the time." I FEEL THIS IN THE DEPTHS OF MY SOUL. I made some sweet Homestuck fanart, in retrospect, considering the canon reference material. And that's rad!
I have beef with Mitsuri from demon slayer, with all that stuff about how her arms look like twigs even though she's supossedly like the second or third strongest hashira and the reason as to why she has the boob window, like my guy you could've just said she prefers wearing it like that or something
I watched tuff puppy when it first came out and honestly never even noticed how weird she looked.  But I was definitely a lot younger back then too
I feel like there wasnt anything wrong with Sister krone's design, except in some scene they make her look unpleasant. I dont think you shouldve made her nose thinner because it made her look whitewashed, also feel like she should've stayed as that body shape because it fits her
I have a question, do you just like drawing eyebags? Is it your art style? I'm genuinely curious, no hate in this comment, just asking since I notice it the more I watch you...
Im gonna be honest, i thought that dogs nose was her mouth
Haven't seen much of Tuff Puppy but I thought Becky's mouth was like some kind of scar or face tattoo or something.   As for Ilulu, I really liked how this redesign is not just cutting off the breasts and making her an opposite to Kanna. With the white to black, red to blue/pink, etc.. That she has muscles that would make sense for her as a dragon. (Especially those legs, you don't see too many female character designs with wide calves)  This design feels really suitable where her attitude with earth and just not liking humanity when she first arrives. Then as she gets use to life on earth, she could be wearing something more  cute than some kind of nightshirt. Perhaps something similar to Kanna and Tohru .
llulu by now is just pregnant in the wrong place 💀🤰
I really thought Becky's mouth was a huge scar 😭😭
Goth angsty teen age who hates humanity and loves fire.   Is it Ray or Ilulu?
BLESS YOU FOR FIXING IT  she looked like an 8 year old with water balloons beforehand 😖🤢🤢🤢 even though have been a naturally breasty woman most of my life (like bruh i was skinny and i hit DD when i was 12, and stopped at F34), and i support the natural state of a healthy body, i have to say she looks normal in the original design if you just lop them off. But yours is really cute and works better. A lot of anime designs don't make sense for their personalities. and it was honestly so creepy that they took a child body and just added... T h o s e.
u know u can fix a character's design without taking away from their ethnic features, right? plastering an anime nose onto sister krone and excusing it by saying "it's not like u have to treat them (black characters) completely differently" doesn't really fix anything. u didn't rescue her character design, u just gave her a more euro-centric nose.
saying that "large busts aren't always sexual" kinda really helped me with my uneasiness with my main character for a story I'm writing since I designed her with a large bust (not for sexual reasons, just how she looks) and I'm always worried people would just see it as something sexual. glad to see there are sensible people who know that not all bodies are the same!
Illuu looks great also i agree about the sister
I thought the sister from promised never land was the girl that guards the grounds of killuas house lol
Like, they could have drawn Krone with bigger lips and nose in the same anime style. They could imply the upper lip and lower lip with 2 small lines instead of outlining the lips. Some small details can also be added to the typical anime nose to imply it was bigger. Also i never realized how small they made her eyes in the manga. Yikes.
9:02 girl her nose looks like a hole ;-;
my favorite design is the first!!!!  her new design looks so cool i wanna draw her
I think sister krone looks fine in the anime as she has black features, although they are exaggerated too much, instead it should be simplified like what anime normally does, I prefer if they had used her younger training days version of Krone as her modern version which is adorable... other animes make black people look Asian or white, I think AOT also did a good job, didn’t seem racist and they look really good and pretty plus his story is interesting (I’m anime mostly)
that fact that white people say it's racist and then when a black person says it's 𝙉𝙊𝙏, all the white (that complain) start attacking them and then starts calling them racial slurs, not hating on you just venting about the world is all (I'M A VERY BIG FAN OF YOU ART LOVE IT HAVE THE BEST LIFE🥰💖)
Wait sister krone doesn’t look any different though I’m confused how is this a redesign?? I would’ve just guessed this was her in your art style!
Guys sister Krone isn’t more detailed other than her nose, everyone’s faces are SUPER close to their mouths, it’s just the style!
If you do more videos similar to this video you should pay attention to staying within the similar art style or rendering, it’s not as effective of a redesign if it’s just looks like an art style swap it doesn’t feel like a real solution, otherwise I love the ideas and the concept it’s super fun! I just want to imagine what a good Ilulu could actually be implemented as 😭
I love your redesigns!!!!! Especially the first one, it looks sooooo cool. Thank you for an interesting and inspiring video <3
I actually like your redesign of ilulu especially considering the big boobs were explained as being her fire sacs which is another reason her big breast are a big part of her characters but the creator did make them too big to the point she needs support in her outfit. Krone I think you did a good job, but I will say her nose should have been kept being looking like the original because she looks too similar to Isabella as well as in a fear of not making it look like a racist character you detoured away from doing anything to the lips. Krone does look like a racist stereotype but at the same time the creator probably did it with trying to make the character look different. I think the best way to redesign it is shrinking the lips. A reference photo I would have advice using would be canary from hunterxhunter or as you used characters from michiko to hatchin to help draw her while using only krone and not Isabella. Another thing is how krone is see to be how you drew her which is a body type of the other maids but also seen in a bulkier body type. I think making her in that body type would have improved the redesign more as well. Other than that I like what you done with the krone resign. And the last one you can only do improvements with so it was really good as well.
You should do main spongebob characters as undersea anime human version of them..
I think some of the differing stylization you got rid of kind of removed the creepy factor? I think maybe it was there noto be racist but to be creepy and it ended up being an unfortune design choice, so I personally would give her other creepy features that match her character to make up for the racist ones removed. That's just me idk Edit: Not black btw so don't only take my word for it sorry if I grossly misunderstood something
Sister Krone was my favorite character and it hurts me that she was displayed that way, especially in the manga version. Every time she showed up on screen in the anime I would get really excited because she acted like how I do when playing a game! I get the was she gets and I like to think the system made her a little crazy and she didn’t take in life or death but took everything with a nonchalant air! This is long but I don’t ever hear anybody talking about her so I got really excited lol
9:15 i actually watched tuff puppy. really liked it as a kid. i have no recollection of becky
I watched Koboyashi dragon maid a while ago and I’m going to give an explanation that nobody asked for. I still totally agree with what you have said about her. Illulu is a powerful dragon and if I remember correctly the amount of power is based on their…breast size? I’m not sure about that but there is a reason, but still to make them that big? And about her clothing, her original outfit that she came in through the dragon realm or whatever was revealing and so the main character gave her what would fit the best, and the dress is pretty tight considering that the main character is flat. I don’t know why they could’ve bought her other clothing if they could afford a kimono in another later episode. But other than that, your episode was amazing, I love your art style so much :)
Omg I didn’t saw the hole till you pointed it out, now I can’t unsee omg.
video idea: Drawing donuts as cute girls and guys
Edit: IM TALKING ABT THE ANIME NOT THE MANGA Im not black so PLEASE DO NOT TAKE MY OPINION AS FACT OR EVEN ONE THA SHOULD BE LISTENED TO. MY ENTIRE OPINION IS BASED ON HOW I SAW HER. Sister krone was a great character imo. She was well written and i loved her. But her design definitely is like... a major problem for me. She does look more realistic in terms of not looking like a regular ass anime character with with like.. dark skin. Idk i think she was a good step forward but also not like.. good. Does that make sense? She was a bad design but i personally think she was step in the right direction. Idk i liked her. She was a good character and i never once thought she was a bad representation of black people. Because she wasn't supposed to be. She just happens to be black. My opinion of black people has not changed. Idk i think she was a fun character but she definitely needs to be better.
12:35 Oh sweet god I just noticed where her mouth is 💀
My mind:oh she has A scar  under her eye video: it her mouth me:👁👄👁oh
So I don’t like Ilulu’s design either but having seen the show they give some random explanation that those are fire sacs and since she’s a chaos dragon she has a lot of fire (I’m not sure what kind of explanation this is but okay-) so I guess it wasn’t just some random unexplained thing, it kinda had a reason
Bro stfu ilulu is perfect
Omg I never hear people talk about Tuff Puppy! I don't remember much about it, but I really liked it as a kid! I don't remember Becky though, and I think I would remember a face like that eugh.. maybe not, though, I was young and kids can be even too dumb to notice that her MOUTH IS ABOVE HER NOSE
i really appreciate the redesign of the first one as a busty teen. in a lot of stylized media, especially anime, curvy characters are almost always overly sexualized to an upsetting degree and it's really not great. the redesign actually brought out the character that was supposed to be portrayed by the anime while making her seem more mature, and still curvy, but not in a ridiculously sexualized and obnoxious way, so thank you!
I thought the mouth on becky? was a scar until you pointed it out o-o
Thank you for the Ilulu redesign, a lot of people defend it crying censorship but the problem is NOT her having big boobs, it's them being disproportionate to the rest of her body
The originals are still top tier. I don't get why people love to "rescue" and "fix" artworks so much? The disrespect to the original designers. It's like flat out saying what you made is shit 😂
I don't get why sister Krone was included in this. her manga design was bad, I admit, but her anime design was fine af. If anything, it made me greatly comfortable cuz it reminded me of my family and it really gave me a 'motherly figure' impression. People complain that she doesn't look like the other characters but shes obviously not supposed to, they're from different races. Yes, black ppl tend to have bigger lips and noses, that's a fact, you don't have to be ashamed of your natural biology just bc some jerks made fun of it in the past.
Girl you may get canceled for this-
amazing ideas! Do more of these!:)
That redesigned dragon girl looks much more menacing and cooler! Love the goth touches to!
Really liked your sister krone redesign, but there are 2 things that I wish that you have kept from the original design, her wider nose, she’s a black woman and black people in general have wider noses and lips, just making it more subtle than the original, instead of just a line and her more muscular/bigger frame, because a big part of her character is that she’s both an intellectual and physical menace and I love that
UGH YES!! Im glad i wasnt the only one who thought sister Krone’s design was… uncomfortable.
Someone needs to explain to me how to make black people. Seriously. People get angry when you make them and angry when you leave them out. If you give them features that many of them have like ethnic hair, bigger lips, and the cool way their skin tone changes on the hands and lips and stuff, it’s stereotypical. If you don’t, then it’s just putting black skin on a white person. Seriously. Explain it to me.
Umm I don’t really think lulu is that weird of a character,maybe that’s just how powerful she is and like she said they are her fireball storage place
Hey i just wanted to say that it's normal if the first one has irrational proportions, her character design was a failed transformation because her powers aren't strong :)
I didn’t notice that the thing under Becky’s eye was her mouth
Bad design no boob.
the thing about the "Promised neverland" anime, is that everyone can make those kind of deranged faces... but they focused on the dark skinned woman because she looked different... what a bunch of hypocrites... in fact the fair skinned ones scare me more, the dark skinned one was just trying to survive, she was more scared of the surprisingly very powerful head mistress than the kids.
I love mkdm but some of the characters-
literally made her look white
To be honest I kinda prefer the original design for the first two characters. They’re not really bad and either go with the mood of the story (the first character) while showing off a unique personality with the colors of her hair and clothes while looking cute and funny. On the other hand for the second character, her design principally in the manga is great, for the great difference between caretakers like her is that she isa powerhouse and through her big features like her shoulders,chest and nose conveys strength which can be both a curse or gift depending if you are on her side or not.
looks shit
what application did you use for these drawings?
The Boondocks and Satoshi Batista's character designs are just some of the great examples of how you do African facial feature justice when in the process of viz dev. I myself am a black viz dev artist so I get why some might find Sister Krone's exaggerated facial features distasteful but I'm honestly not all that offended considering that artists often use short-hands  or iconography in design. Same with caricature artists, if you've got large nostrils and wide lips irl then the caricature will put emphasis on those facially defining features. Different strokes for different folks I guess. Great content
„Lop ‚em off“ *zingg* 😂
7:00 ever seen the boondocks? they do that with the white characters too, depending on the person
i would of liked if you pointed out people wernt just upset because the character looked like that but that she was released at the hight of the contraversy surrounding the sexualization of kanna. alot of fns almost felt like she was the guy trying to skirt around a childlike design with an "adult" feature so he could sexualize her
im super mixed on krone. the main thing i will say is i dont like it when people say she isnt in the same art style. she is in alot of ways. the characters faces are weirdly scrunched to the center. I think the problem comes in because krones features are a bit more detailed. I dont think giving her the same nose as siabella is the way to go though. I think there needs to be better ways of simplifying the features of different races so we dont get overdetailed stuff like krone that males her stand out, or black characters that just look like everyone else but dark.  Another problem that feeds into the stereotypes is while isabellas exaggerated faces mainly emphasises her eyes, Krone's expressions focus on the smile. making her lips and teeth massive . It doesnt help that she's the only one like this. the other black character (unfortunately named Jemima), doesnt have these features. On one hand thats good because having that diversity is good, but you can also argue the show is villifying the larger features and darker skin by having her be one of the primary antagonists.  I am someone with large lips, so i DO like seeing characters with large lips being drawn. Part of why im mixed is because i do like krones exaggerated faces and i want some of her design elements to be able to be used on a more acceptable character
Thing is I like the way the promised neverland lady was designed because it’s really true to her character
I really like these! If I had any complaints, I think you changed the first girl too much from the original, but to be fair she wasn't a well designed character to begin with so you definitely improved it! ♥ 😂
I hate when some artists over layer the chest, it seems like they were just really h###y when drawing them
The Promised Neverland thing with Krone is just one in many incidents, the difference is that most of the time they’re background characters. For example, a very well loved anime, The Disastrous Life of Saiki K, has a reaccuring background character who has the exaggerated black features. And I know there’s so many more I’ve seen over the years. The topic of black people in Japan seems to be very complex and problematic, as it seems there’s a huge lack of understanding of black people in general.     Also I want to shout out a Japanese band called Queen Bee who’s singer is a trans Black Japanese, and the other members are also mixed races. And to me they give me hope for change.
Do cats as cute girl.
I knew nothing about tough puppy before watching this I thought her lips were just scars
Where did you learn to draw, these are so awesome. Or are you self taught
I /love/ redraw videos, and I'd love to see more like this.
8:05 I feel like her looking older can also be feeding into the issue abt how black girls are treated more like adults a lot earlier than white girls (blatant example: the whole situation with Rue's actress. There's a good video essay on this called "The day Rue became black")
So sweet and respectful, and your art is so good, you are really so lovely thank you 💗
You draw like you never left middle school
You did it! you summarized the western art community in one video! In all of it's cringe!
When I saw that Becky character I thought her nose was her mouth and she was designed like a toilet
When I first started watching TPN (I never really finished it), I really liked the series, but when I first saw Krone, I immediately noticed how different she looked from everyone. And it wasn’t an “oh everyone’s unique ofc they look different” it was a “that looks wrong” different. As a black afab (feminine presenting), I was immediately upset by her design, specifically her face. Growing up I had a lot of (mild-ish) body dysmorphia because my community and friends was/were predominantly white, as were the TV shows I watched. Because of this, I always hated how my nose and lips looked big, and just overall how I looked as a poc, but it’s gotten a lot better now.   I was young when I watched TPN, but it didn’t take me long to put the dots together and realize that Krone was a black woman, and the only one being portrayed with such off-putting and different body proportions (at least compared to the more “white” characters). I was too young to know what racism was, but I knew Krone’s design was.  Krone’s design (not yours ofc) honestly still upsets me because it’s not even a hidden element that you could only notice if someone pointed it out. She’s the only poc in the show and her proportions are wildly exaggerated compared to everyone else’s (who all are white/Japanese or white presenting). Any arguments made just further proves that racial stereotyping exists and IS used in Krone’s design.  I didn’t expect this to be so long, but I had a lot to say as Krone’s design being extremely racist has always nagged me. So thank you if you read this far, and thank you Lavender for making this video and fixing these designs. And huge thanks for speaking up about the racial stereotyping that was used when making Krone’s design and is used on a lot of black women today.
See, the character can be big busted. But it starts to not make sense when she’s just hella skinny everywhere else, you have to keep in mind that fat forms in every part of the body. So it doesn’t make sense to have her chest be huge, then her legs don’t look like she could support all that weight
8:12 Look At That Picture Of Her Behind The Tree Who Else That Made Them Feel Uncomfortable
I think Ilulu is actually 12-
I love how you didn’t just get rid of her chest. However, I’ve just always had a bone to pick with this character. Nothing to do with you, but her character design seemed like a red flag to me. I feel in animes that the characters with a big bust are constantly acting as fan service and these fan service characters literally look like CHILDREN. They are aged up but it always felt wrong to me considering it just looks like an excuse to sexualize children. I really appreciate how you made her look more her age and no hate to bigger chested girls, as a bigger chested girl I always hated constantly appearing as sexual for obvious reasons. It’s not that their big chested, it’s that their constantly acting as fan service BECAUSE their of their chest, I hope this made sense! Thank you for reading and let me know your opinion please!
I actually really lik sister krone from tpn, mostly because her backstory was interesting and her personality was just so odd and short tempered but sometimes a extremely loving mother figure. I also liked her because she's one of the only black females in tpn
Seeing many expressed opinions on Crone's character design.  Many are stating that her design resembles racist depictions of black women, while many others (who ensured to specify that they are black) actually appreciated the attempt from the original artist.  For me, both opinions are very valid.  Her original character design does indeed resemble particular racist stereotypes; it is also more apparent, since her design is unlike anything else in the series.  However, as stereotyped as it is, there are hardly any attempts in anime to even try to depict afrocentric features.   Makes me wonder if the overall lack of good representation of afrocentric features in anime, results in us in the black community to just appreciate any attempt of representation, regardless of how questionnable it is. I can't say for certain, as it's just a thought. Interesting, these thoughts never came to me when I read the manga a while back.  As another comment stated: if you can't draw black people without it resembling a stereotype in your artstyle, don't draw us at all.  To conclude, representation in varying media is amazing and I doubt anyone would refute that. However, if that representation (character design) is solely based on, or at least heavily reliant on harmful stereotypes, then it's no better than racist propaganda.
I guess she's really really cute already so that's why she will take that but give her normal size pajamas because forcing her to be an anime waifu is not cool
Hi lavenderTowne you know that drawing the planets of our solar system series that you made a while ago well, if you do see this comment I was wondering if you could do one on exoplanets which are planets outside of our solar system, I just thought it would be a good idea :)
For the first one I was thinking of Sakura from Danganronpa but a little less buff shorter and with horns 😂
I've never seen Promised Neverland but I whole heartily agree with the stereotyping and art style changing when it comes to things like anime. This isnt the worst anime example I've seen but it is still a bit obvious. The worst example I've seen is in Children of the Sea. That was just absolute yikes. Especially since it just came out of nowhere and halfway through, the film just kinda had no plot in my opinion
Tbh I feel like one problem in certain anime designs is it chest being unnaturally large like I get it's stylized but lit looks really out of puportion and it looks weird
Ooh could you do more videos like this in the future?
I honestly tought the sister Chrone in The Promised Netherland looked amazing, just because she had the crazy look to her. I honestly think having a black character in a show like that makes it seem like black people are qequal to white, not that black people are more superior. I don't see how that can be offensive at all that they made a black woman insane, so having a white woman being insane is also racist? I love how she looks like a strong insane woman. Only thing I agree is that she looks a bit older than 26.
that is a really busty character! 😲 def only possible with a bit of surgery even being a cartoon character😝
Whenever I have kids, I am going too hum Isabella lullaby everyday while their a baby/kid and when they start acting up I'm gonna make them watch episode one of the promised Neverland. When they look up at me, I'll just smile... hehehe 😈
I LOVE SISTER KRONE AS WELL!! 🤩✨✨ and honestly, I like her design in the anime 😌 sister krone deserves more love, I mean, she just wanted to be a mother.. although that didn’t end up the way she wanted it too💀
lavvy i've noticed you've been animating way more!!! you're improving so much!!! 💕
Wow, you did such a great job altering these characters, let's face it they really needed it so badly!👍👍😅😅
"such an interesting video! i really enjoyed how lavender tackled the issues with these guys' designs, and as always the drawings are so pretty! i wonder what the comments have to sa-"  *arguments about sister krone*
Hi, I absolutely LOVE your art! Kind of a strange request if you want to continue this series, but I was wondering if you could try to redesign Saitama from One Punch Man based on the description of his character? It's not necessarily that his character design is bad, on the contrary, it fits amazingly well with the vibe of the One Punch man series! Based on his normal description, I was just wondering what your take on Saitama's character would look like, if you were to make him less "simple" I guess.
We gotta give love to the furries❤️ wait- THE FURRIES ARE TAKING OVER THE WORLD!?! AHHHHHHHHH!!!
I agree with the sister krone stuff i think the best way to portray black people in anime is to stylize them the same way as everyone else in the anime.
13:09
can't believe that of all things, THIS is your furry awakening, LOL! Aside, though, this is a great video and these redesigns are super thoughtful!!
bruh
tuff puppy was literally my favorite show when i was younger oml
9:01 i thonk that her nose was her mouth ahe is scary  how can kids see her?also when i see her i just watch that "nose" also when i see her i think that her mouth is like a scar
For the Ilulu one 1.  Thats ber human for not her dragon form 2. She stores her fire in her boobs 3.its a fan service anime 4. Since she lives with Kobayashi shes not that bad anymore
Sincerely I disagree with Krone. In my opinion is one of the best designs in promised Neverland. Better than many others.  She's a great character, has a good arch and a finale that's emotional as hell. I cried when she died and it's annoying to have to read that "she died like X trope, racism" or "she is a caricature, racism" because no. She is not.   She died for a reason and would have died no matter the color, she is her own character separated from her body. Her story is not linked to anything that could imply racism in any way. She was a well developed character and we loved her even when she was bad in the series.   She had features any other women her age could have, what's the deal? Now black women can't have her features because of "stereotypes", whatever it even means to you?. Krone doesn't have an appearance to mock black people, her design is beautiful. If you don't like the features and would like to erase them well, it's probably a personal problem.  She is fun and enthusiastic, strong and powerful. And her development was great and as far away from racist and race as it could be.
with sister Krone I don't know much about how black people are drawn but I noticed in your redraw you made her slimmer which I know almost definitely wasn't on purpose but still feels weird
Oh, comments are back?
When I see your lovely yt name I always need to think of the Creepypasta (Lavender Town),or is it just me?
Yo, what happened to the comments?
1:39 Here's the funny thing... I know someone like the first one. They're a few years younger than me, but the way it fixes itself is they're a little chonky. Like, other than that, they have the same characteristics: Looks to young to be a high schooler (though that may just be cause I'm graduating now and am losing my mind over how young everyone looks now) and uncomfortable looking proportions. Like, I have quite a large chest(for now ✂️). Not big, but it's still an annoyance, and it kills me. But not as much as this poor person. I think the problem to begin with is almost every girl in the anime looks young, and the overall art style is quite simplistic but exaggerated in general.  Edit: ... I'm not a senior anymore... oh god I don't want to be an adult anymore
Where's the comments.. 💀
4:31 is what all Netflix reboots are like
.
I didn’t even realize og Becky’s mouth was in fact her mouth.
Honestly, thanks for calling out sister chrona’s design. It kinda took me out of the show for a while when I first saw it , which is a shame because the show is so good. If anyone wants to know my opinion, for some reason, O would say a pretty good representation of Black characters in anime character design wise would be some of the side characters in the show Soul Eater! It’s a good show and the characters are drawn respectably. Even the hair styles are okay!
I really like your redesigns
Hello 👋
With Becky, it took me a few minutes to realize that her mouth was a mouth, not gills...
YouTube won’t let me see comments 😭
8:09 Kinda wish that you made her a little bit big the anime ver is a little bit big so yeah:]
I really like the way you did the last one, you did such a great job with all of these redesigns!  doesn't sit right with me when people make young looking characters but say they are "legal" aged Loli is cute but kinda questionable you did a great job with the redesign.  annoys me when people want to make inclusive artwork but end up going way overboard with details where it looks like that character doesn't belong, she defo looks like she belongs in the show now, though I agree with some of the people here maybe her nose could have been wider? but I'm not a poc so I really get no say haha
Kobayashi’s dragon maid’s author is also just generally a terrible person. I recommend fans of their work to look it up. Overly sexual character designs are just the tip of the iceberg.
On Becky, I read the "freckles" as "whisker dots" that should be on the side of the muzzle but, like the mouth, got Picasso'd.  Great job overall. I appreciated the thought put into each of them.  On the first one, you stuck w/ the initial design, though I would have preferred to see you you might address the sack dress since that's the one most complained about.
I WATCHED TOUGH PUPPY OMG
God these are beautiful redesigns
Unpopular opinion, Illulu's design isnt bad (except for the black thong), its the sexualization of her.
The breast is bigger than their head…?
Doesn't it give you the feeling that something bad is going to happen?
Problem with Ilulu is that she looks like a 9 year old with huge balloons under her shirt when she's supposed to be 16 in human years
I don't see anything wrong with any of these characters. you're damned if you're politically correct. your damned if you're not. I think this person just has no creativity whatsoever of their own, and is just trying to cash in on other people's ideas. that much is obvious. Why doesn't she create her own art and stop judging others.
Imagine sugarcoating "i fixed ur character design"
The only real issue I have with your redesign of Illulu is that she looks too... War-ry... Like... She's looking too built for war, wich imo doesn't fit with the world of Dragon Maid
For some reason i imagine Azula from Avatar with golden horns in first one for some reason
Oh my gosh it has been years since I watched TUFF Puppy...so I dont really remember her but yea I was confused by her nose since I thought it had to do with a strange show that the characters had holes on their faces
THANK YOU, someone, said something about Sister Koren( not sure if I spell it right)   I had mixed feeling about here I like the design in some parts but in other parts ...yeah  ( people excuse it as the kid's pov which I can somewhat(keyword somewhat) agree with they realized that their mom was just using them as food for monsters but...they could have gone a different route they could give the sister fox/red eyes( like you did)   in the kids pov )
Thank you for your bit on curves not being inherently sexual <3 I agree, just chopping off large chests from sexualised characters is a cop out, I also think, from my own personal experience, something people don't bring up enough as a point from this, is that making the characters flat chested to "de sexualise" them, doesn't only show that you think large chested women are inherently sexualised, but that you think flat chested women are inherently not able to be/feel sexy or sexualised, whether good or bad, and that's just as wrong Obviously the point is weird when it comes to characters who are supposed to be minors, because they should not be sexualised anyway no matter their size or shape
I have had a similar body type to Ilulu since I was 15, so I was really dreading watching you redesign her because I've seen so many people tearing her design to shreds which kinda hurt my feewings. I'm glad to say you handled it quite well and I like the outfit you designed for her a lot.
Ironically, I really liked sister Krone's design in the anime, but that is because I like distinctive facial features in rather than the cute, big eyed, small mouth and tiny nose standard in most anime (her manga design on the other hand, yikes...)
I like your designs so much!  Chrone looks really cute^-^ And the other girl really fits her description as a character
I don’t usually care about anything like this, but the thumbnail comes off as racist. I’m sure the intention wasn’t that, but a thumbnail is usually supposed to convey a message, and the message conveyed (from my understanding) is that her design is wrong or bad? Krone is just how a lot of black women look, so I don’t really understand why she would need to be fixed.
I love this
Neat video but besides the first I think that this is way more questionable stylistic choices and not really to do with the designs themselves
I've seen background characters a lot better than Krone's original design
Idk what to type, so im just gonna be amazed by the art ( but I am glad that people respect black people )
Great job! And anyway i love your new outro it's so funny😂
Lavendertowne handled the controversy of Ilulu so well, kudos to her
0:35 it sounded like Azula or something like a Azula, bill cipher demonic creation.  0:58  why. why did they do this so my Azula, bill cipher demonic creation.
I love your artstyle so much it's so adorable
[Cute]
I believe you did a good reinterpretation of Ilulu. I got over her body disproportion fairly quickly and accepted it, so I can’t say that it’s better, but you design is admittedly really appealing!
if you're on tiktok more often you'll see how a lot of people don't like you😭
For ur next video can u do a tutorial on how to draw in ur style? It probably one of the cutest styles I’ve seen. :D
9:04 i only this character because of fred and jabroni mike, it was fucking horrifying when discovering this character
Polemic opinion:   I actually thought Krone's design was very refreshing and new and i loved her personality, she was my favorite character and still is 👉👈 i really admired her courage and how she expressed herself differently
Hey lavender have you ever heard about wanna draw gives you random stuff to draw
Your sister Krone design doesn't have many black features. Specifically the nose. That's just smth that crossed my mind.
Could you do a part 3 of making among us poeple since there are new colours like banana and rose?
I can see that people are offended by sister Krone's design, isn't the design making you uncomfortable the whole point? This anime is supposed to be off putting.
Lmao japanese artists mock Europeans for having massive noses and funny colored skin, how the fuck did you think they'd draw blacks?
Whoa i haven't seen you for 3 years and you have improved to a like star and the forces of evil style animation
ITS FICTION!!
great job on sister Krone!
As a dragon maid fan, I must say that your Ilulu design looks a whole lot better than the original. And I didn’t really care about Ilulu’s design, cuz of the comedy around it.
No hate to the creators of the promised neverland but they legit put two pool floats on her face and called them lips. I like how you made them actually look like lips
Ilulu looks really cool with the way you drew her ^^
Her: *describing the first one* Me: *Picturing a bada$$ warrior type girl with a long black flowy braid.* Her: *shows the character* Me: *Heart attack*
alternate title *mediocre artist thinks their own generic tumblr oc's are better than original source material*
I was a fan of u TILL u did this the two in the caption r fine as is y even change them already reported now I'm blockn ur account disappointing to see this
Haley's design is amazing and this video just proves how skilled she is. She is such an amazing artist.
Holy shit I remember TUFF Puppy!
Imo changing sister krone's nose was a good idea, but not making it come to a point like that.   Obviously there are plenty of black people with that nose type but sister krone doesn't have it!  but you can make it a rounder curve to allude to the nose she normally has.   It's hard because anime noses are usually either a dot or an angular line, but you can make it a bit rounder at the base without adding details that are out of the style
I’ve never heard of Tough Puppy, but upon seeing the character I did not think that was her mouth, I thought it was like a scar or something 😬
What program do you use for  art?  🙂
My reaction to Becky: What's wrong with her design? What? I don't see her mouth..? OH MY GOD THAT IS HER MOUTH WHAT THE FUCK
I like all the designs, but Sister Krone didn't look like a black woman until she was colored in. While it's important to get rid of the caricature features, it's just as important to give her features of black women.
I think I would have left the wide nose for Sister Krone, just getting rid of the 1920’s caricature lips. Specially since apparently a vast amount of black people want more wide nose representation.
Wondering why YouTube would recommend me stuff like this when I'm a generally mean person and always have mean criticisms
9:27 OMG I THOUGHT THAT WAS A SCAR
Why did you have to make this video? Ilulu and Becky might look a bit wonky to you but it’s clearly what the artist intended, and you “fixing” it is just shiting all over the their hard work. All though I have to admit Sister Krone does make me a little uncomfortable.
As a black person, I love sister Krone’s re-draw,it’s amazing and thank you!😊
I think I would have left the wide nose for Sister Krone, just getting rid of the 1920’s caricature lips. Specially since apparently a vast amount of black people want more wide nose representation.
"characters can def be built curvaceously without them being inherently sexualized" YES THANK YOU NOT ENOUGH PPL UNDERSTAND THAT
I love what you did to Sister Krone. She’s one of my favorites. ❤️
I saw krone in the thumbnail so I just had to come here
If someone hasn't made a creepypasta based on the anatomy of that "Becky" character yet, they should.
I think I would have left the wide nose for Sister Krone, just getting rid of the 1920’s caricature lips. Specially since apparently a vast amount of black people want more wide nose representation.
That first character design (the original character, not your redesign) makes me think of a coworker I had at my previous job.  She was 17 and was really that busty while thin otherwise.  Poor girl had people constantly staring at her chest.  As soon as she turned 18, she had a leave of absence from my work to get a breast reduction.  I remember coworkers complaining, coworkers who were my age or older.  Which means they were people in their 30s and further who were ogling a 17 year old girl.  Yeah, she was 18 when she got the surgery, but still.  Besides, it's her body, let her do with it what she wants.
I think I would have left the wide nose for Sister Krone, just getting rid of the 1920’s caricature lips. Specially since apparently a vast amount of black people want more wide nose representation.
For me I would say Kaede from bunny girl Senpai (underrated anime btw) I don’t think it’s BAD BAD but I think it could be improved a bit. I think they had a good vision just not executed the best ^^
your character designs/redesigns are always amazing and super inspirational!!
I'm pretty sure people are still gonna complain with your redesign if that's what came out originally.  "Oh No WhY iS hEr NoSe SmAlL yOu RaCiSt WhItEwAsHeR"  Ya just can't please everyone 😕😕😕
YES
sister crones design I found wasnt too problematic, yes they strayed a tad far from their original style and it is quite stereotypical but I dont think giving ehr a really incredibly small nose like that is good either? I feel there are people her age that do not look like they are that age, people like that exist and maybe if they dialed the stereotype back I think she wouldnt be 100% perfect because in loads of anime, they have their characters change in style like my hero with mineta
A series in your art style would be so cool, and I love Ilulu's redesign! She looks so good 😭
YES THE PROMISED NEVERLAND that was my first anime and i loved it, it doesnt come up much and i still havent seen the second season bc ive heard its not worth it.  i think sister krone was just supposed to be creepy and unsettling, i honestly think she could have been white and she'd still be as creepy.  idk not my place ig
Naw…. Yours are worse by far
I really like what you did with Illulu, it bothers me a lot how her design was done in the show. My friends joke with her being a hydra, because she has three heads... Anyways. I like it that you kept her breasts, when people chop them off and call it fixed it comes off as body shaming.
me under my breath, watching your updated becky design: i'm not a furry i'm not a furry i'm not a f
First it was crocker's ear being on his neck and now its Becky's mouth being on her cheek
if anything happens to lebleblebleh everyone here will know
I disagree with Sister Chrome. I realize her art style was different to other characters, but I've noticed that people tend to criticize how poc characters are drawn no matter what. If she matched your redesign, people would've had a problem with that too. I actually liked how she looked in the anime 🤷‍♀️  All that being said, I did enjoy the video and your take on these characters. Thank you for sharing!
tbh Sister Krone in the manga is really bad but in the anime she's alright-
9:23 I didn't see what was wrong with this design until she pointed out that the mouth was underneath her eyes. *I thought that the red line was a facial marking or something and that it was a mouthless character.*
Young people can have Brest
I disagree with the second character redesign. Stereotype or not, if it is a compelling character whose design has personality I think saying "That's a racist stereotype" has no weight to it and only serves to sabotage a good design.  Let me put it this way. This video is the first time I saw Sister Krone and when I saw her my first thought was "She looks cool." It never crossed my mind whether or not she was based on stereotypes because she looks cool to me. Why is that a bad thing?
I'M SORRY BUT THE FIRST TWO CLIPS OF YOU COMING IN SCREEN IS GREAT 😭😭
one comment on the second redraw;  black people do have brown skin, but its not a dusty, desaturated brown. its actualy alot more vivid and i think more artists need to pay attention to that.
"My initial thought was... ...just lop 'em off!"
Why did i think Becky's nose was a bottomless pit  🕳 ...  Also, I think that you re-designed all of the characters so well! Especially Sister Krone, I think she was a bit too exaggerated to be , like, okay.. I think that showing the differences in different features of races is good, but only if it's not ridiculous- I loved her new design, I thought it also made her look actually her age!! (like bruh why does she look 40 in the manga)  it's my favourite anime so thank you for doing it justice and rescuing Krone!
I actually watched Tuff Puppy as a kid but I don't remember that character. I only really remember the main cat and dog. But I do remember that a lot of the characters did have weird placement and designs like that. I'm pretty sure.
Omg in the redraw of the dog character I didn’t even realize that was her mouth in the original, I thought I was, like, fur coloration.
I only read manga, but the nose kinda makes krone’s character REALLY better. I really miss her and yugo :( yugo was my fav
western artists  moments
I always never like sister Krone it looked like they tried to make it sexual Almost
This unearthed some memories about me being super into TUFF Puppy when I was 14 (I had no taste yet lol). I don't remember Becky, but, dude. The more I stare into her original design, the more frightening it looks. It's so uncanny. It's not even that hard to understand how to make an anthropomorphic dog, but, then again, this is Butch Hartman.
Sister Krone's exaggerated looks is prob because of how the main characters see the adults after knowing the truth, scary and different.
The video image…Ilulu…(((my fav character but okay
Honestly as an artist I’m not a huge fan of your redesign of Sister Crone. But I admire your attempt! The issue isn’t that black women don’t have full lips, type 4 hair, dark skin or curvaceous bodies etc those are pretty common characteristics in African descent women. The issue is in the way that anime and other mediums tend to ridicule those features. The issue is in the way that those features are drawn or displayed. In Neverland‘s case with the shading and angles they always made sister Crone look beastly. Like old minstrel caricatures of Latin America & the US south.
Not sure why this was recommended to me. Draw what you will, but I find it disrespectful and insulting to call it a 'fix' or 'rescue'.
That first design goes especially crazy it's really good imo
Meh, Krone's redesign is bad. Taking away many of her black features is not an improvement. Just make her less of a caricature
OH NO I CANNOT UNSEE THE HOLE ON DOGGO FACE
The comments that I posted on the community post got no likes 😔✋️
6:48 So I wanted to share some knowledge.. In Japan not many Black people actually live there (from what I’ve heard) so even having a black character in an anime is a big step. But because of the lack of black people in Japan a lot of black characters tend to  be stereotypical. Even though it’s not necessarily cool to have a stereotypical black woman, its understandable considering their background. So sister crones character can be understandable when you look at the way Japan is.that’s why with a lot of animes with black characters I try to meet the artists half way and notice that they did their best with the limited exposure they are given.  If there’s anything you’d like to add to this I’d be glad to hear it, I also have limited knowledge on this subject (since I do not live in Japan but I am merely studying it from afar) I’d love to hear it!
As a POC, I can say that you tackled Sister Krone very well. I’ve yet to watch TPN, but I’ve watched a few rants on it and she honestly did feel like a racist caricature. The way you made her fit in with the other characters really worked, the only suggestion I’d have is that black peoples have bigger hips and lips (although not as exaggerated as the original Sister Krone). Great job overall though!
Hey I have a Bright idea:  What if Century’s were “Cute Girls”? 1600s 1700s 1800s 1900s
TUFF PUPPY FANS RISE UP
Idk if you accept criticism or not; but despite the fact that the original design of sister Krone was basically racist and a caricature, I don't think it's any better to completely remove her racial features. I think making it less exaggerated and more accurate to what black people look like is a lot more better rather than giving her eurocentric features. I understand if it may be out of your comfort zone but we all have to start from somewhere, you can always stylize these features without entirely erasing them. I suggest making the nose a bit bigger than it was and making the hair actually look coily (she kinda looks like Zenitsu here 😭/lh) and slimming her down wasn't a great idea either. I know you don't have ill intentions but there's always room for improvement!
As someone who has a large chest, I always found situations like Ilulu very difficult. On one hand, I didn't like the feeling that big breasts were supposed to be this defining characteristic and how other characters see her in the story, because in a way it felt dehumanizing to me and way too sexual  (that for many anime characters with large breasts that is the main focus, and that they were so unnaturally large)   But with lots of people claiming to "fix" the characters by just removing the breasts entirely, it always made me feel as if people were claiming that having large breasts was a problem. I'm all about body representation, and so a part of me felt ad if those people were claiming that Big Boobs = Broken. It made me really self conscious when the whole thing started happening on Twitter.  I really LOVE the design you did for Ilulu. You didn't keep the extreme sexual size, but you didn't remove them either, and you also worked in a lot of personality traits into her look and I think that this is the kind of thing that redesigns should really do. Of course, the other two designs were also really nice!
White (liberal) guilt is real in the artist community >_> Japan can't have any creative liberties.. [goes to watch Ralph Bakshi films]
Ilulu’s back must be in painnnnnnnnn
Have you ever done Oc redesign from other people
the first one really threw me off guard. in my head i was thinking of a buff girl with intimidating elements and then i see what she actually looks like and i’m just sitting there in shock
ONG TOUGH PUPPY- I forgot about that show until now-
You kinda erased her  black features 🧍🏽
Somehow you made Sister Krone look worse💀 You could've kept her nose similar like before, that is a black feature. And the skintone looks ashy, please don't do that, we usually have red or yellow undertones. And her hair is GOD awful, it looks wavy when her hair is a 4c hair type. And her lips,  we usually have a lighter tone on our lower lip.  Again you made her look worse💀
I was wondering if you could post a video on the 17th and just say happy birthday to my dad, he’s in a lot of pain he went through surgery. :(
i didnt even notice beckys nose looked like a hole until you pointed it out and now i cant unsee it lmaooo her design was certainly atrocious
The one thing I really liked about the second one was how uncanny the original design made the character.
now I could be completely wrong about this, and if i am i would like to see sources of this so i can educated myself on this matter or if you have an opposing on my interpretation on this design then feel free to reply RECPECTFULLY, but to my observation it seems like the decision to characterise sister Krone as a more racists depiction of a black women is an intentional decision in order to subvert the "mammy stereotype", as the trope was a way to support the false idea that enslaved black women were happily complicit with being enslaved and caring for the younger children of the house hold, all while being characterised as having a motherly personality.   Note how both of the mothers in the first season have the façade of a motherly appearance, Krone is especially characterised as subverting the motherly traits with the doll that she lovingly holds half the time and the other half she violently swinging it around and throwing it against the walls. in addition, she also characterised as not being complicit with her standing in the house at the beginning, and *SPOILERS* when she dies her last thoughts is hoping that the kids find a way to stop the farms for good as they are inhumane on how they enslave humans for these monster's own personal gain, sound familiar doesn't it? the design is used to strengthen the story by creating parallels with it to real world atrocities, in addition to the propaganda used to frame it as natural or not unpleasant for them, to say the very least.   now am i implying that people that are unsettled by her design and how she looks a little out of place are wrong for feeling that, no of course not, it's still a (most likely) heavily inspired design based off a very old depiction of a black woman, regardless if it is used as a subversion or not, it still does unsettle people, UNDERSTANDABLY,  however, i feel like it's used to enhance the story it is telling and not putting it under a detriment.   now this is a separate topic from the main point of the comment but i feel like i have to say this, i also don't agree with the creative choice that LavenderTowne made with making Krone look more cutesy, not because it's LavenderTowne style, but to make Krone look more like the main mother so they pair better, ignoring that Krone's unhinged personality contrasts with the main mother's cool, calm persona, in addition, to how her introduction with the game of tag is used to signify to the characters and the audience that the stakes are being raised, and her expressive/unnerving facial expression are used to emphasizes that. but, now i'm just starting to be petty at this point towards LavenderTowne herself so i'll stop, no offence on your creative decisions i just wanted to expresses my opinion on that one bit.
Writer: I just made a character. Designer: let's give her massive boobs. Writer: what?
Honestly my most disliked characters are always lolis. There isn’t a circumstance conjurable under which I would feel even remotely comfortable with those.
Look, just because it’s not a realistic design doesn’t exactly mean it’s a bad design. If you don’t like it it’s fine, but like if the creator of the show wanted to exacerbate the characters design that’s their beef. That doesn’t make it wrong.  … I’m mainly saying this cause I like Illinois design
It bugs me people think sister krone's big lips are a racist design. There aren't any other black girl characters in TPN with big lips, so it's clearly just a design choice. though, I do admit that the way she was drawn in some frames/panels is rather strange, my point still stands.
that dog one. here nose looks like the literal 🕳 emoji
For me, I loved Sister Crone because she is a sympathetic and intelligent character who looks like me, the first one I’ve ever seen in anime. You’re basically saying that she is ugly and shouldn’t look like that. But *I* look like that, and so do lots of other black girls. I understand your intention, and it was a mistake, but this is not an okay message to send.
That was so interesting ! I love your redesing they're amazing !
Me seeing Becky for the first time: Oh come on, she doesn't look that horrible, the shape of her face is kinda weird, but it's perfectly fine for a cartoon...  Also me: WTF THAT RED THING IS HER MOUTH? WHAT THE FUCK, THIS IS LITERALLY AN ABOMINATION, WHO TF THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA-
YOU GOTTA DO THE FULL HIGH GAURDIAN SPICE SERES ITS AN ANIME I THINK MAYBE AND EVERYBODY HATES IT AND THE CHARACTER DESIGNS
You did a really good job with all 3 designs and I can see that, for the first two, you did your research to see what kind of characters they are, which is a very important aspect of character design. For Becky, I kind of have a soft spot for how incorrect it is, like a "crocker has ears on his neck" or "Candace has a long neck" situation. That said, that joke about high quality becky fanart was pretty funny!
The difference between Sister Crone and minstrel art depictions is the realism. Black women proportionally have lips that size, and nostrils that big. The existence of colorism and Eurocentric beauty standards tells black women they should have small noses, thin lips, lighter complexion, longer less-coily hair. Unintentionally, you have fed into those beauty standards, by erasing all her black features and replacing them with white ones. I am a big fan of yours, but kind of disappointed you are only liking comments that agree with you rather than those of people trying to educate you. You are a loud voice in the art community and it’s very disappointing to see you speak over a marginalized community and spread misinformation about a topic you don’t understand. I would advise you to delete this video.
Omg i didnt see and i thought becky just didnt have a mouth until you pointed it out.
KDM as a concept had so much wasted potential because it was made by a disgusting creep. I used to think it was just an odd but nice wlw anime; at least that's the cover up 😮‍💨  Dragon maid used to be my favorite when I was a younger teen just because i was starved for some wlw content; until I eventually figured out and heard the mangaka is predatory and then it all began to make sense why it was so creepy 🤢
As someone who has a fairly large bust, and is pretty insecure about it, I really love the way you treated the first character redesign :)
love the vid rn but one part is how you did,, i forgot her name but the woman from the promised neverland, i feel like you cut off her idk hoe to phrase it like her sizing/buffness(?, idk if you were trying to do isabellas body type for her or what but i feel like you changed her body size compared to the pics
This was seriously interesting thank you for sharing your thought process!!
Something about the coyote version of the Becky character is putting off Silent Hill vibes....In a good way of course!
In my opinion... I don't think that it's impossible for younger people to have big assets early on. I'm saying this because when I was young I had bigger breasts... Or rather my breasts grew to larger sizes early on. Although it being that big is unrealistic.
honestly, i don’t like the body shaming from ilulu. As a young person with bigger than average chest size, it feels terrible to have to look like a certain way just to match your age.
i love the ilulu redesign!! i watch dragon maid and like ilulu but i think i would like her more if she was portayed how you drew her :D
This is great, I’d love a part two
If you do this type of video again, take a look at some of the character designs for the American Sonic cartoons. They have some really weird character designs, especially with background characters, to the point that you can't even tell what specific species they are.
omg the way you say coyote
I definitely LOVE your redesign of Ilulu, that character bothers me so much. I really need more teen characters that aren't just sex dolls or children.   Your design for Isabella bothers me because I understand where you were going with it, but I don't think getting rid of her larger nose and bigger figure made her character any better. Its a problem I have with a lot of black anime women, they either look like Aunt Jemima stereotypes or white women with darker skin complexions. I think there is a good balance where it's not a horrible stereotype and also it isn't same face syndrome. I'm not a professional by any means and I'm not black so maybe I'm not the one to be making those decisions but it's just something I've noticed.   It also seems like you implied that making her skinny would make her look younger - I'm sure this wasn't your intention. That's just how it came off in the video.
A Lavender Vid on My bday! how exiting!
I just Love to draw 😊
I really like how you kept the same feel of the characters and their personality not just trying to make them “look more appealing” most people would just make them pleasing to the eye, but you implemented facts and the lore around them.    Also just as a suggestion, what if you did a fixing ____ series. Where you fix things if it’s a characters personality, backstory, or your fans art. Example would be like you fix X-ray your fans send you❤️
I LOVE THE NEW DESIGNS!!!!!
Hey I have a Suggestion; The Wizard of Oz The Book has a bunch of Crazy Creatures that I would love to see your take on. For Example in the book THE WIZARD does not simply appear as a giant head, he appears differently to each character. Dorothy sees him as a Giant Green Head (as seen in the film) Scarecrow sees him as Beautiful Winged Lady (Drag) The Tin Man sees him as a Wild Beast (My favorite out of the four) and The Lion sees him as Great Ball of Fire (as also kinda seen in the film).  The Book also Boasts these things called "Kalidahs" which have Tiger heads and Bear bodies. L. Frank Baum was a crazy and creative camper.
Lavender, African Americans have always been portrayed that way, the same as Americans are. You need to remember that anime was creating millions of characters off the basic black haired Asian girl. So they differentiate other races.
10:57 Caught in 1080p60
OMG I didn't even notice the "Hole-nose" at first, but after you pointed it out it just became so obivous lmaoooo Wtf
It's so infuriating how creators especially in anime would sexualize characters that shouldn't be sexualized and when the topic is brought up, they deny the reasons or they come up with this stupid excuse just so they can sexualize more characters that are minors. This is why I stop watching anime because shows like these make me sick. And don't get me started on racially stereotyping poc!
I like how you really worked with llulu’s chest because I think the whole real issue was just her looking really child like. She looked almost exactly like the other younger characters in the anime which really kinda sexualizes them.
9:10 It’s so bad that as I glanced over it I logically assumed that the red spot was a scar or even just weird marking of some sort, it wasn’t until I actually looked at it that I realized that whoever made this character needed to be fired
for Becky (if that's how you spell it), when the picture showed up I assumed her mouth was a scar. God, that character design is bad.
even better yet, the only reason why ilulu's chest is so big is bc its her "Fire Sacs"
I think that as an artist if you refuse to even put effort into drawing other races correctly because it “doesnt match your style” you shouldnt be considered an artist at all
The big tiddy committee thanks you for your contribution in doing a genuine redesign instead of: big boobs BAD
Can you do a video on anotomy?
Alright, I'm not an expert or anything, but I just adore how different races are. Like, people in different parts of the world EVOLVED to look differently because they needed their features to ADAPT to their specific environment, how cool is that?? I don't know many people from non-European races, mainly because my country isn't that popular, but that's a story for another day. Point is, from those I DO see more often (mostly tourists), I've noticed that "extreme" features actually ARE really apparent. Like, wider noses and fuller lips are an actual thing in black people. When people try to avoid the "caricature look" they often dull those features out too much, which I find kind of disappointing, like, they're so beautiful and different and have their own character- it feels kind of like making blond hair light brown instead, when those are two different things with their own beauty. Same thing with the "flat" Asian faces, my sister knows this one girl. I know regions are a thing, not all Asian people have the same exact features, but as I said, I'm not an expert, just a spectator here. So basically, I just wanted to rant because nobody ever talks to me, bye  ((Also if it wasn't obvious, I don't mean to offend anybody, be it in opinion, way of speech or understanding, hope there's nothing wrong with what I said and it's just paranoia, bye for real this time,,-)):)
As a POC artist, Sister Krone does look like a MASSIVE stereotype, it was a bad idea from the start. They definitely shouldn’t have made her design a lot different from the other characters in the show. The problems I have the most with her design is the fact her nose and lips look different than them. Yes black characters can have big lips, but giving only black characters large lips like that and make them an entirely different style is kinda odd.
OML She's 16, I Though She Was Like 5!
The first one was much better… but it doesn’t hold the same “dragon” essence as the anime, it’s definitely more menacing
The explanation for Ilulu is that this is as small as she can go in the "looking human" department, but instead of making her breasts huge, just make other parts of her bigger and decrease her chest size, which is exactly what you did, and I like that, because it also works out to explain her strenght (she's about as strong as Tohruu [who is def not supposed to be 16 btw, she's like, around Elma's age, and Elma is like a late 20s early 30s in human years], who is like, the 3rd strongest main character, only losing to Lucoa, the other problematic woman, and Fafnir-san, the weirdest weeb out there), something I didn't like, however, was her horns, it going straight up with the excuse that it looks like a flame makes it look too simple, recoloring the "old" horns to the same pallete would make it looks like a torch, that wraps around the cloth before going up, and the "old" horns also make her look much more demonic, which helps her character design by making her look a lot more menacing at first.
The main thing that bothered me about Krone is that her design language is completely different from the other characters. If the humanoid demon monster creatures of your manga  look more like they could exist in the same world as your human characters than one of said human characters, then you know that you've got some issues there.
I don't like that you made Krone skinnier, and you didn't even acknowledge it
People in these comments have brainrot
WE LOVR SISTER KRONE! JUST NOT SEASON TWO OF HER SHOW!
love how you draw better than a certified animator
the redesign of sister krone was so good, like how I see her character if the show was animated by someone else
You know she has a story reason for the giant chest right?
You're just racist against Japanese people and feel so uncomfortable with japanese culture that you have to change them to fit your standard.
Everything was really good until Sister Krone. Let me explain. You could have added more or changed the way of her big lips and nose so he didn't feel racist. All you did was make them smaller and thinner and erase her black features, which doesn't help it at all and is kind of insensitive. Like, many black anime edits look really good and fit what the anime/manga did to her. Also, you could add more black references to culture, like a headscarf, earrings, etc. Please don't do this in the future. Maybe I was the only one who got upset, and I'm not calling you a racist for doing what the people asked. Also to add don't be scared to add more diversity to characters features and learning how to draw it in a respectful way. Anyways that's all I wanted to share
short girls with big breast are real. im just sayin.
I didn't expect to see some TUFF puppy but nice to see it
I just generally love everything about Sister😌
Hey sorry that this isn't about the topic, but since she mentioned Promised Neverland which I absolutely loved, does anyone know any anime that's smiliar to it?
I’m at no say about Sister Krone (I’m asian) but I agree that it was sorta uncanny. It felt off whenever she was on screen, and only really worked in when she was crazy. The redesign in my opinion makes her look caring, but with her scary face, it doesn’t feel good enough. It’s not the same amount of scary like in the anime. I think it can improved by making the pupils smaller and making the muscles of the face more visible. It still has features that make this character not look like propaganda, but still has something to be afraid of.   All in all, I like the redesign and thoughts on it!
I enjoy Ms. Kobayashi’s dragon maid as I think it has a lot of interesting ideas and is a wholesome show in general but some of the female character designs just made me straight up uncomfortable. No shade to the creators, but like you said Ilulu’s design just isn’t really anatomically believable, even for anime and I really like what you did with it. It might be cool to see a redesign of the whole cast in the future
Im not black but looking in through the promise neverland i kinda understand why they made her that way just a lil bit. The stereotyping I think was a little perfect. Cause with the thick lips and the facial features it adds to her and gives her better facial expressions. She is supposed to be twisted and unhinged and with the extra stereotyping in the face it really adds the effect cause of the extra love in the facial expressions. (I’m not saying black people are bad at all I’m just saying that your facial features make amazing facial expressions and portray things better)
How I pictured the first one in my mind  White hair with green eyes and a height of 4.6 and horns being white  Sees picture AYO WHAT THE-
9:00 Okay, you’re design is not only way better, but like…  Now…  *I kinda have the hots for Krone…* 😅
Thank god you kept the chest… I’ve had a bigger chest since I was 14, and I cannot thank you enough for keeping that. Not too big, but just the right size. I feel represented properly rather than sexually.
Sister Krone (krome? Idk) she is SO creepy, she freaks me out! The way the artist drew her face in turn with everyone else is weird
the first character jumpscared me😭 I wasn't expecting that at all X) your desing is amazing!
The characters in dragon maid bother me so much. So many characters have chest sizes that shouldn't be physically possible given how skinny they are overall. All I can think about is how much their backs must hurt...
The black woman's (idk her name I'm sorry) appearance almost looked like those really racial and stereotypical Black People cartoons from the 30's and to me I was uncomfortable. I'm not a person of color (I'm white) and have poc friends who educate me on stuff that's based on poc where I don't know what it means and they help me understand better, but the woman from the show (I cannot remember the name) her face just made me feel really uncomfortable
I mean there are string bikinis that cover the butt. Note i have not watched the 2nd season
9:44 thought her mouth was a scar…
i like sisters krone design, i do agree on the things ppl said abt it but i just like it for being a bit scary but kind looking
Hello. I just wanted to point out on the second one- I feel like you wanted to fix the racism that was going on with the art style rather than re-designing the character. (Not that fixing a racist art style is bad- that's not my point!). I felt that you focused more on the art style rather than the character herself- since Sister Krone is quite strong and fast- I thought she'd be more muscular in the redesign. I know you wanted to fix the art style but I just wanted to point it out
Bro at first I thought becky mouth was a scar 😭
ilulus regular outfit makes me SOO mad. dresses dont go under the breasts like that if she was wearing it it would be hanging out over where the ends of her breasts are. I love her character but god forbid someone not have giant wind flappers in that show
Very inspiring!
I didnt know what tough puppies was. After you pointed out that that red thing was her mouth, i had a VERY hard time believing it.
I laughed SO hard when she showed the first character design 🤣🤣
In the old days people would make fun of “colored” people on TV by “recreating them” in criticizing ways, like how about, how they would make their lips big, so that may be a piece of evidence that TPN may have been a bit racist because you can clearly see that she has big lips.
Sigh... I never understood what people had against these designs, least of all someone crazy like Noralities... :p  Like, Illulu regardless of age basically debuted as a femme fatale that actually changed Kobayashi's gender so as to be attracted to Tohru or something just to screw with her so her design actually fits. o.O Plus, I'm not sure how badly a teenager having huge breasts should get to me... the stuff with Lucoa and Shota or the loligasms with Kanna's friend and stuff is way more out there to me. XD But so the girl has huge boobs for a teenager... literally, like, so what. :p  And as for the black lady from The Promised Neverland, well... idk, maybe her design is a bit out there, but she's a psychotic character to begin with and isn't really all that sympathetic... I think. :p She's antagonistic enough to think much about anyway, and I don't think it necessarily means the author is racist to all black people or something crazy either... I didn't even care about her design either, I was just like "Oh look, another villain. :p" and more or less forgot about her when the other demons showed up, she wasn't even necessarily that important to the story, so it arguably seems silly to complain about compared to something more major...
Alright, time to use that first redesign as a reference for a new character-
As nice as your redesign looks, Ilulu does have an actual reason for her massive chest besides fan service. Those are her flame sacs. I don’t really know how it works for male dragons since we’ve only seen one that breathes fire, but I’m sure we can make assumptions. Even if it is sexualized, I don’t feel trying to redesign her is right.
Great job! The originals looked awful and your redraws looked very good. Especially the character from Dragon Maid... I haven't seen the 2nd season yet... now, I'm looking forward to it quite a bit less... I already didn't like Quetzalcoatl's design very much. This new character looks much, much worse.
Me never seeing Tough Puppy: “Is that… is that a tattoo on her cheek or…?” Me a few seconds later: “oh.  OH!  oh…”
imagine being so full of yourself that you think your third rate art is an "improvement" over professionally drawn and funded art. on top of tha,t imagine insulting someone elses art style as "wrong and not good" then proceeding to be condescending enough to think that your style is better. get a fucking life. stop trying to fucking "fix" what doesnt need to be fixed. It isnt your anime, its not your style. its theirs. its popular. get over it.
I'm not against other peoples interpretation of how Ilulu could look like. Your art looks good especially with your artstyle.  However my only issue with fixing character design is that some people are jumping on the "this character looks weird, so I need to fix it" bandwagon and then they say "now she looks normal".
Ilulu’s redesign is too intricate for someone who is supposed to not know how to properly shapeshift
When you put Becky on screen I had to pause for a hot second. I have never seen this before. How was this created. Why. Who came up with this. I cannot unsee this.
imagine treating ilulu's chest as simple boobs, it's the bag where the fire she uses is created, the rest of her design is quite questionable xD
dragon maid is a great anime and I enjoy it , Kanna is usually shown as a “Loli” but kanna is a child and they show that .
The first one bugged me. So I LOVE miss kobayashi’s dragon maid, and lilolu (probably didn’t spell it right I haven’t watched the 2nd season or manga) is a dragon. Dragons in mkdm can look VERY young whilst being adults. Along with it, 🍒 can be HUGE! I mean tohru just says d size for dragon! Basically it’s no surprise to ppl like me who fully understand mkdm. It’s a very confusing anime that isn’t even in the same time order as the manga events. I hope it makes sense  Edit: in the art, I think u kinda missed the fact that her face just should be quite cute and younger. You should had probably made her look fairly cut while having a dragon-ish height clothes build etc
I think we can all agree sister krone's entire character was just plain creepy lol... the way she ran in season 1 when everyone was "playing"... oh god. But nevertheless, The Promised Neverland is still one of my favorite animes...
Please do more this was awsome
5:25 I watched TPN with my nan ( dont ask ) and her main problem was sister krone, well she called her sister corona. My nan was scared when she on screen at utterly hated her ( her design so to say ) so I'm now gonna finish the video and see how she looks ! EDIT: looks awesome !
Ruff puppy kinda slap for a kids show
I think they did that to Krone to represent her crazy and insane nature.
when I first saw Becky I thought her mouth was like a scar or paint and that the style just meant she had no mouth buuuut... then I was like   " it's not that bad- oh wait a minute."
Tbh I thought Crone was pretty in the anime
i love the brush that you use, and it fits ur style so well.
when you asked to picture the first one i thought of a dark and scary lady Q_Q
I've never gotten actually mad at a character design except for like weird overtly racist stuff. But then i saw Becky... Like what the actual frick Butch go home dude you're drunk. Like the design is so bad that my brain couldn't actually figure out what was wrong with it. That "something is wrong here... But what?" Kind of feeling
That tuff puppy design was horrendous. You did awesome. How the hell does that pass into animation? Tf.
Ones i dont dislike and why! (This is NOT critical) 0:58 pretty sure its for comedic relief and most dragon maid fans are female 5:25 i’m white so i don’t get a full say in this but i think that Isabella is supposed to look trustworthy and Krone is a more scary character. I love her but im pretty neutral on her character design. Also i was wondering if i could do this if i gave you credit?
no need to fix man fiction XD
i’ve only watched 3 minutes and you’ve already done this so respectfully
I’m not trying be mean or anything I love your art but Ilulu is only 16 as a human it’s not her actual age yes I’m still a bit uncomfortable abt her chest buts I’m just saying…
I really hope you can make another one of these videos :)
9:29 at first I was like it's  not that bad but then I realised that red marking was  HER MOUTH??!!
I'm not black so I can't say anything ab krones design regardless of race, but imo it makes sense that she looks older since she went trough a lot of trauma and it could cause faster ageing
Oh Man you guys will not like one piece
I liked this ilulu redesign as you tried to make it unique over just chopping the boobs off. Ty
As a black person, you definitely should’ve changed sister krone nose, you kinda washed away her black features 😭 you could’ve made her nose wider like the original without it being stereotypical.
I never thought about it that way. I just thought it was the style for her in the promised neverland. I assumed she was supposed to have a look that somewhat argues with her personality to confuse us or something to kinda just add more interesting. I see it now how that could be offensive though
If you were to make a part 2, a redesign of Kagami Tsurugi from Miraculous Ladybug would be fun to see!
When we gonna have shape-shifting dragons and they don't have those proportions then yes maybe people have some right to say it's a little bit off, but other than that leave these artists with their fictional characters alone. I don't understand people criticizing someone's art if you don't like it, then don't look at it.
I agree that Krone's design is very much playing into the racial stereotype, however something that the manga show did get right is portraying her strength without initially telling the audience through bigger shapes. I think your design sort of missed that aspect of Krone's character because she looks more like Isabella in terms of shape language. This is not to say a visually smaller person can't be strong, but Krone's bigger frame tells the audience more about her character especially when compared to Isabella.
At first I thought Becky's mouth was a scar
Although I didn't get past the first episode of The Promised Neverland because I'm a wimp, I love the redraw and think you are completely correct!
9:34 I THOUGHT HER MOUTH WAS Q SCAR OR SMTH WHAT
9:28 sukuna?? is that you??
whenever I draw black people they look the same as everybody. Duh you just make their skin darker. It's not that hard!
I know I had a big bust at 16 and still kinda look young at 23, but it feels weird to see her with a bust that huge. I would still keep the big bust detail, but tone it done with the size a bit. Removing the bust entirely to a flat chest sounds more like body shaming mentality to me because not every 16 has a flat chest.
Could you do another creepy drawsta soon? :D
The one small issue with the drawing that people do of black people is that it can start to make it look like all that is being done is giving them a different skin tone, so then the caracter just looks like a white person with a tan, it's a slippery slope when drawing people which is why a lot of white people only draw white people, which at least I find pretty frustrating, so those with skin darker than a piece of printer paper get zero representation, but then creators will pull things directly from harmful steriotypes so they can say their show is inclusive and now sure people have representation but guess what? It sucks. So then it just turns to a bunch of crap people making crap caracter sand everything ends up going to shit. So I guess in the end this comment was useless cuz I just went around in a circle.
Honestly, anime can really just be horrendous with character design. The oversexualization and insulting stereotypes really turned me off to it. I don't watch it as much anymore, unless the story and plot is just something I REALLY lovr.
I personally like sister Krone’s design. It suites her role in the show and helps tell you about her story.
As a white person, my word on the topic is to be taken with a grain of salt, but I definitely feel the struggle of trying to draw African American characters in a more simple style, my art style is more anime which really puts you between a rock and a hard place of not making your POC look exactly the same as the white folks in your cast (if you have any) and seeming to be giving said POC an 'othering' treatment by trying to make them _look_ like their ethnicity. If you add too many details, people might call you racist for singling them out, if you add too few, people might call you racist for not doing 'enough' and/or say you're whitewashing by not giving them different traits from you white characters. It's a real struggle to try and be inclusive and respectful at the same time... I guess what I'm trying to say is that I really like the redesign and it's giving me a better idea on how to make a balance between the two that works and isn't, yknow, unintentionally offensive.
That dog one by butch Hartman isn't an anime. You could've just put bad cartoon designs but you had to put anime to get more clicks and clickbait us :/
Isn’t this just like fixing art
THANK YOU! :)
11:17 beastars who?
The first character, before you redesigned her, looks like an edit.
For the first character (spoilers) the reason for her big breasts is cause that’s where here fire power comes from apparently
I hate Ilulu's design in the anime -.- but yours... chef's kiss. it makes so much more sense. although I think, that in the anime, she would have a simpler outfit, because they make the outfits more cutsie, more simplie etc. I love your design tho :)))
I actually loved llulu a lot her design was very cute even though she was evil at first
I love being able to see your artstyle change and shift over the years! Love you channel, Lavender. Well wishes for future years!
Great content, I also loved that you're not "fixing" the art, but giving your own interpretation based on character persona. Which fit it to a "T"
I don’t find a problem with ilulu’s design it just the anime style that makes her look younger. to me she does look like a 16 year old, anime is anime and shouldn’t be taken too seriously :0 at least that’s what I think. Regarding the other redesigns I think sister Krone was more offensive than ilulu’s design
Ilulu is actually the reason I dropped the anime as a whole, the boobs just bothered me too much. It was difficult to watch, because sure; its funny that Luca has huge tits but theres a limit. You cant just make the tits bigger and expect a bigger laugh.
i love your sister crone design but as a black artist i think she should still be allowed to have her black features like a wife nose and big lips just not in the way its exaggerated like the anime. shes also bigger than isabella but thats because we know she works out a lot and is a really fast runner, i think she should still keep her body type.
No fucking waayyyyy turf puppy is the shit!
Honestly, I admit, when I first watched the promised neverland, sister Krone was one of my favourite designs... Even because of the way she was drawn as I am personally not a great fan of the stereotypical big eyes and small nose anime designs. I always thought that the wider nose and the lips made her appear more interesting and memorable,  whereas some of the other characters were a little too much anime stereotypical to me (this is only my very personal taste in drawing styles though). Just when seeing her among the children and right next to Isabella, I first noticed that her design didn't line up with the other characters. Frankly,  to this very video, I didn't really realise that it was because of her race, as there were other characters with darker skin in the show, who were stylelised like everybody else (among the children). Seeing the manga and hearing peoples opinion, I can relate to why this would appear offensive to some. I really enjoy the way she was drawn, I just wish they would have drawn the other characters in a similar style, so that all are treated equally. I like the style itself, they should have just got all other characters a similar treatment, when they do it for Krone, in my opinion
For  Ilulu honestly if you just aged up her body then her breasts wouldn't appear comically big Though for the fire sack idea why not give her an edgy metal face mask and with a few expanding parts like male anoles so that can be where she stores her fire but instead of metal its scales because she's less willing to hide her being a dragon Though your clothing design is great
Okay but I love how u u saw them really expressed the characters more and that is really hard to do while making them look good😌👌
I like to think that ilulu bust was more of a joke in the show. I mean think about how everyone in the show itself reacted to it. Especially her love instrest.  After seeing her final look, I don't think there's too much wrong with it... It's just that her whole thing is being innocent and sexual at the same time and the redesign just screams purely badass to me.
That sister looks alot like miss monday from one piece
Teenagers scare the living shit outa me
I absolutely love the drawings and the fact that they look more "realistic" than the originals. About Sister Krone, even I didn't know she was 26- O.o - It reminds me of Himejima Gyomei from Demon Slayer, which is supposed to be 20 or even less but looks 40.Sorry if I did some grammatical errors but English is not my first language.
Legit thought Becky's mouth was some sort of marking, like blush or part of her fur or something, and that she didn't have a mouth.  Also, as soon as you mentioned the nose, I couldn't unsee it 😂
i remember watching you and could barely draw a circle  now i make art, what has happend to me.
I like the way you drew Sister  Crone :0
i love sister krone but they did her so dirty
haven't even seen this animes, just here for the vibes lol
"I didn't want to take the easy way out and just chop them (the chesticles) off" me, a trans guy: >:(
9:27 i did NOT think that was her mouth!! I thought it was like... A scar or something LMAO HOW DO YOU GET IT THAT WRONG 😭😭
I used to watch Tuff puppy. I've never seen her so she's probably in the later episodes. I don't know what was going through Butch's head when designing her.
I remembered seeing some art tutorials about "how to draw black people" and I sometimes wonder why we have to draw them differently from our art style like drawing bigger nose, bigger lips which they often told to draw em somewhat "realistic" like.. can't people draw with their own style?? If their art style has small nose, can't they just draw it like that?? I dunno, maybe just me 😕
My only criticism is on the design for Ilulu in a story sense. I feel like Ilulu is supposed to not be intimidating and have a baby face (of course they made her look WAYYY TOO young), its supposed to be ironic that this cutesy character is actually a fire dragon of destruction. In the design that trait isnt there, however everything else is perfect👌
Nahh ill never understand why sister Krone is a bad desgin  Also i get where youre coming from with the nose point but people will complain anyway. Theyll say stuff like thats not accurate. You can never make everybody happy  And the point with the age doesnt make any Sense in my opnion. Cant characters look different?  I like your drawing of her but its not sister Krone at all
About the black lady in TPN... Honestly I really love her silhouette and nose. I can totally see the problem with it. But I really wish you would make her nose more prominent. It looks so much like my mother's and my nose and probably that's why I like it so much 👉👈
Thank you for "fixing" Sister Krone. I felt like her design and the awful historical context behind it was the one barrier I had when recommending TPN to other people
Heyy if you ever do a part 2, can you redesign Simon from Durarara? hes a black character thats very sweet but looks scary?? (thatshow the anime shows him)  There was a scene where 2 russian girls approached him and they got *scared* when they saw his face. the drawings of the anime are pretty except simon.
Becky more stylized version reminds me of a beast star character
Do Mario characters like peach or dasiy as magical girls
🔻 *As a Japanese person here's a  Fact!* 🔻 The Age Of Consent (AOC) is technically 13yr in Japan. BUT! most prefectures have child obscenity laws (淫行条例)  that make the AOC actually 16-17yr. Thats why some anime/ manga characters are 16 yrs objects of sexualization (they look young also because we believe most Japanese ppl look youthful). It would be like making a girl of 18yr in the US sexy. It's weird we're aware to have a 13yr AOC; many are still advocating to raise the AOC for prefectures that allow younger ages.  ALSO! It's also a cultural trope for a college student 18- 20yr old to have a crush on or be dating a HS student 16-18yr. Supervision depends on the parents rules, since most ppl are not Christian its a bit different.
the original butch hartman design is so,,  odd.  think the redesign for this is the best personally 'cause this design was what bugged me the most
I love all these anime T-T
I don't get what those "woke" people want... You think drawing black people - or people in general - without special treats to their race is the way to go? So tell me: What design looks more like a black person if drawn in black and white? The original or yours? It is the original - I could not get that this is the same character (or a black person) until you colored it in. And even then it looked far too different - this is a completely differnt character.  Black people do have thicker lips, they do have broad noses - this is not offensive. It is the way it is! So draw them like they are! Stop this "being offended and try to "fix" everything".  If you are drawing realistic asian people, you will also have to give them asian eyes. Not because it is offensive or a caricature - but because it is the way they look.  By the way: Caricatures should always get a pass! They live from exaggeration! Carricatures are a way of criticism and free speech.
i absolutely love your artstyle
Hm, bad designs...  I gave a lot of cartoons from Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network in the 90's a pass because they looked so damned UGLY. I get that it was deliberate, and I technically can't point out an example of  "bad" design, because the stylization of the characters for those shows was consistent.   Just... why, though? How is that more appealing to kids? It made sense for shows like AAAA! Real Monsters! and Courage the Cowardly Dog and Invader Zim- those are supposed to be creepy and off-putting, because they're horror and/or gruesome satire. But what was appealing about ANY of the designs in Ren and Stimpy? Rugrats? Ed, Edd, and Eddy? Even The Wild Thornberrys was pretty damn unsightly, and I loved that show to death.   I know- art is subjective, not everybody is going to agree with me on this stuff, all of the cartoons I've named are generally beloved amongst people from my generation (I'm bracing myself for the replies already). I just don't get why they paired so many good shows with such godawful, gross art styles.   And don't come at me for not liking shows just because they look weird. Shark Tale was a weak movie, but I feel like people rip on it for its character designs and garish color palette a little too hard. Yes, the fish has Will Smith's face, that's pretty weird, can we move on and talk about the OTHER reasons the film sucks? Oscar's face was the least of that movie's problems, it's just the most memorable aspect of Shark Tale's suckage so it's what people latch onto.  ...I just got an idea for the next video.
As a black person, I almost dropped promised neverland when krone was introduced. Looks like the mammy caricature.  How hard would it have been to just draw her like the other characters. And she looks like she's 40. Dont even get me started on the fact that one of the little black girls was literally named Jemima. They couldn't grab a few black people iff the street and ask for their honest opinion. Anyways you did a fantastic job as usual with all of the redesigns!
I didn’t see the hole until you talked about it. Thanks a lot.
i love sister krone, she's so well written!!:')
HELPPP LAVENDEEERRRR IM HAVING AN ARTBLOCK RN=(((((  I literally try to draw every single thing that i used to be goodt at, now its so baddd = DDDDD= I TRIED ASKING PEOPLE BUT THEY SAY "KEEP TRYING, BLABLABLA" I TRIEDDD BUT I CANTTTTTTTT... do you have any tips =)
Is it really racist to depict Sister Krone as having plumper lips and a more wide-set nose, as well as (I think) 4b hair? Races don’t differ solely from skin colour but also skeletal structure, facial features, hair type and nose shape. To make a character the exact same as everyone else but with a different skin tone would be mean their racial identity is just taken away in exchange for uniformity.  Her features may be exaggerated but remember, so are the kids. The children were drawn with (clearly exaggerated) large heads and eyes and very smiley mouths. They didn’t draw only her features to the extreme.
Who on earth looks at the concept designs and thinks "yes, that is perfect!"? The first one was wrong on so many levels, yes i don't mind simplistic and cute designs to portray someone powerful but don't put a 16 yr old in a 10yr olds body and knockers bigger than their body. The second... I had no idea anything was wrong since i havent read or seen it until Lavendertown mentioned the differences and i totally agree with her, dont stylize black people, keep the styles the same or at least in the same area.
i haven’t watched your videos in a long time. i cant believe leblehblehbleh is still a patron!!
Great vid
I did not notice the nose looking like a hole and could not stop laughing sorry for ever created this you probably tried your best with what you where given
Why are black people being singled out and being made ugly almost all the time? Just because we have a different color of skin than you doesn't mean we should be picked on or made fun of because of it!!! The racist people should back off we didn't do anything to them
Keep in mind that I am not a black person, but I've always had some gripes about Sister Krone's design. These are just my personal thoughts and I recommend you speak to an actual black person for a better opinion.  I've always found it very weird that Krone has such big lips and nose. It looks so out of place and questionable if you look at the other characters' design. There are POC in TPN and the first one that pops into my mind is Phil. He has a small nose and looks just like the other kid designs of his age, but that may be because he hasn't finished growing yet. The last time we get a look at Phil is when he's grown to be a teenager at the end of the anime. I went back to check and he's still relatively the same albeit with some changes cause growing is a thing. Sister Krone has large and exaggerated features and it definitely shows when she's supposed to look scary and menacing. She looks just like a stereotype. That's one of the problems I had with the series.
The second one isn't even a stereotype. That's just how some black people look. It's not like she was a minstrel or something. You literally thought it was a good idea to redesign her by removing her distinguishing features and just making her look like a conventional anime character (just with black skin). Some may say that is erasure or assuming that black people are ugly.  I am not opinionated either way but you may need to be careful, because people can draw their own conclusions and get pretty mad.
Ilulu's design was so clearly made for fan service, thats one of the problems i had with her, it doesnt help she looks so young. She could have had a design that compliments her personality and lore.  She was purposely made to appeal to a certain group of people.  Sister Krom didnt bother me at first, i actually liked her character, and that made me forget her design. But after looking at her again, i agree, she looks very stereotypical. I hate how she looks so alien from the cast, in the sense that she looks SO different from them, with the other characters looking cartoonish and her straight up looking like a stereotype.  I hate Becky's. Thats all.
Fr tho I don't pay it any attention but I hate it when they draw black characters in anime in like a completely different style they always are so over exaggerated especially the lips like broo- 😭😭💀
More please!!
i think you did very much go against your own principle. not to mention the way you were wording things but i think your art could use some improvement when drawing black people.. you gave her a pointy nose and barely made her lips noticeable. if she’s fully black then it wouldn’t hurt to give her a rounder and wider nose. also you can afford to give her more visible and bigger lips. it’s not that hard to incorporate black features onto cartoonish art (or rather any art style)
I like that you didn't cut off her chest, when I was 10, I had a chest, *obviously 3rd h grade is stupid* but younger kids can have a chest, and especially at 16!
Omg wait now I wanna get back into making invader zim fan art aaaaaaaa
Seriously?  Rescuing?
what is the first drawings show?
Can we just talk about the fact that the animation in the beginning is cool like it's really good am I the only one that thinks that????
Thank you for re-designing Sister Crone! I love TPN and her character so much but they did her design so dirty in such a obvious way it’s so sad,,
This was a really fun video! I think your new designs look awesome :) I would love to see more of these!
Sister Krome SCARES ME
Idk, i still go by a legendary quote from a master of chill, "relax its just a drawing" -Patrik.
Thank you for fixing ilulu 😭😭😭😭
Man these look so dang good!!
I imagine this badass chick for the first one and then all of a sudden CHILD 💀
I agree with a lot of the points you made! But I still think just giving Krone a small pointy nose came across as weird because you can definitely stylize her properly without doing so, because it feels a lot like when people try making a character look "more white" to make it less offensive.
I didn’t know that was her mouth thought it was a feather and she had no mouth
I really like how you just scaled back the chest just a little bit and then evened out the proportions instead of did the cop out because the new body somehow looks more mature than the original and still completely avoids the "trying to sneak two stolen cantaloupes out of the market" look she previously had. She definitely looks like an angry teenage dragon now. I'd be way more interested in watching a show with your dragons than the original's dragons because yours actually looks *cool.*
if you want a show with well done character designs I reccomend Saiki K and HunterxHunter, each Saiki K character is characterised well in their design and stand out but aren't obnoxious, HxH has unique and subjectively really cool designs of course I am talking about the modern remake of the show we don't talk about 1999 HxH
I loved Krone as a character but she def did make me feel uncomfortable. Between her caricaturey features, status as a villain and the fact that she was basically the only black person in the cast, it left a sour taste in the mouth. Maybe if we had an actual black kid or two amongst the many white and brown orphans, it would've balanced things out. By itself, having a black character with black features playing as a villain, that by itself is not an issue. But the *only* black character has to be this creepy minstrel antagonist??? Seriously?????  As it stands, Krone was just this big scary black woman in a mammy outfit with scary speed and strength making creepy faces and posing a threat to our white protagonist's safety....
Lavendertowne I'm ur biggest fan (I guess)
Ngl I really I really liked sister krone’s design alot, in fact I can say she was my favorite in the whole show, I had no clue people had problems with her look 😕
You dif them so good!!
You’re so real for this. Thank you
I’ve never seen the promised land but I think the design of uh- the 2nd one idk who but uh- I think having the wide grin is all that they should have changed with her, because idk the story but I think they are evil I don’t know lol P.S. don’t try update me with what happens I want no spoilers for if I watch this
Didn't even notice the weird nose-hole-highlight until you pointed it out and now I'll nevere unsee it
i never knew the black woman from the promised Neverland was offensive but tbh i would rather know then not know
1st kid is an aries lol Btw this is coming from an aries
I love your channel and your artwork.  You're a huge inspiration for me. I just can't agree with Ilulu. While your interpretation of her is great, I just like the original design.
I have never seen the promised Neverland manga but I have watched the anime and I really loved that character (I forgot her name aa)  seeing the ss from the manga I thought that maybe for her body build they wanted to make her more buff? either way I loved the anime and your style of her!
There's a person is the Philippines with massive breast, and she says it's a curse, it was featured in GMA
Usopp from one piece …..
The Becky redesign has awakened the gayness 😳✨
*I SAW SISTER KRONE AND RAN OVER TO THIS VIDEO-*   [Edit] I’m seeing the first character design and I cannot believe how offensive this is. Akane Owari, a character from Danganronpa, _does_ have a larger chest then all of the other female characters. BUT HER PROPORTIONS ARE REALISTIC. Ilulu looks like she took two balloons and stapled them to her bra.   _what the hell were the character designers THINKING?_
When you mentioned the fact that becky's nose looked like a hole which I never noticed it ruined I just couldnt get it out of my head and it ruined everything for me ToT  Your art is amazing as always and I hope you keep up the good work :D
🕳        👁👁                👄       becky
...GOOD STARS, THATS HER MOUTH?!
All these redesigns are fantastic!
I actually adore Sister Krone's design.  I feel people of color are too generalized in anime, they just change the skin color, which is completely ok but doesn't feel quite right? Sister Krone is an enjoyable character too, she feels spunky but scary at the same time. I can understand the concern about it being offensive, but she's not at all in my eyes
“She’s supposed to be 26.”  *Spits out soda*
"It's referenced often in the show. Unfortunately" LMAOOOO 😭🖐️
Hey LavenderTowne black boy here, I loved the vid and I agree 100% with you 😭 like, you chould argue that the big lips and nose are "acurate" but it just doesn't fit the style, if the black characters will be drew more realistically everyone else should too it just doesn't make any sense, it makes the black characters feel like "outsider" like putting a CGI character on a 2d animation, it's distracting and unecessary
Becky really looks like a character designed 100% by Butch Hartman with nobody else intervening, revising, or making suggestions at any point in the process- which has led to some of the greatest artistic mistakes of our time
hey lavender (is it okay if i call you that) you probly wont ever see this but i just wannted to let you know that you inspire me alot like im a artist that started drawing at 10 years old im 12 now btw but you rlly inspire  me in the case that you actually see this which prob will never happen i just wanted to say thank you for inspireing me and many others may god bless you 💖💖💗💓
Ilulus design has always icked me and it is anoying bc her character is great and everything else in her design is good but the designers decided to just go "LETS MAKE IT BIGGER" and i hate that
Nobody didn't notice that "big boobs " It's not normal because  if she has big chest, she need have same ass, I mean that's how anatomy works
I love tough puppy do not love tough puppy design
You made her cute , it's a creepy charecter,  Your design is just pleaseing to the eye , and not saying anything
Artist: ok, boss chould you tell me more about the character we are creating? Backstory, personally we chould start with her race! So what race-  Boss: boobs  Artist: excuse me, sir that's not a-  Boss: boobs   Artist: sir, I already told you this is not how character design works. You can't just tell me one single word and expect me to-  Boss: I said " B O O B S "  artist: *signs* fine
I think your redesigns look wonderful! I definitely never would have been able to guess anything remotely close to what you told us about Ilulu's personality. She looks like she's meant to be a sweet, happy girl who could make friends with anyone.
The video was amazing and I’m so glad you did this, but how is no one talking about the hair animation at the end?! It’s so pretty!!
ngl, on its own sister krone's design isnt that bad, especially compared to other animes, and its refreshing to see an anime style with more realistic proportions, noses that actually exist and a bigger build. it only becomes a problem when you see the style of the rest of the anime and see how far they deviated from it just to draw her, designate her as *other*, and that is what makes it a problematic caricature. she is the only one that looks like that, and its because she is a black character. honestly, I was kinda disappointed when you made her skinnier to match with the other characters because an anime character with actual body mass, especially a woman, is so rare.  of course, im white, so my opinion should be taken lightly if taken at all. its not my business to say what is and isnt okay, but that's my 2 cents on character design in anime.
I can nominate two characters designs from Honkai impact 3rd that i think are atrocious, all characters (except for one) are female and honestly I think they are really good they look good and some are sexy in the correct ways, but two are way overboard, Aponia she looks like a nun but her outfit has a lot of holes to say it in some way and the boob area always looked off to me even when she has cool design choices like the butterfly wings on her back and her habit and in lore she is really cool, and in game she is extremely fun and useful, and the other is Timido Cute (what a name) as you can probably guess she is extremely timid and has an ice skating theming, bit her outfit is horrible especially for someone with her shy demeanor, she has a skin tight whatever that shows a lot of her boobs and looks ready to burst any moment and has holes on her clothes (if you can even call it that) on the hip/tight area is just not good for what her theme and gameplay is, in comparison another character from her same game mode Carole Peppers is one of my favorite designs in game as looks both cute and somewhat functional and I think there can be sexy characters but those two just don't do it in a way that is tasteful
09:30 omfg I thought the mouth was like a mark on her face wtf was that cartoon lmao
I love what you did with Sister Krone! ❤️
Tuff puppy was my comfort show as a kid but I was absolutely horrified of Becky
i cant unsee becky's nose hole now
I think having oversized breasts is something that COULD work story wise if it was a different anime. Because it does happen irl and if it was treated as a moment for representation by including the struggles of having a large chest it’d be great. But obviously that’s not what was going on.
I have never seen Becky and I legit though that her mouth was a scar, and her nose was a hole/mouth
Everytime ppl redraw sister krone they just get rid of her black features. Your redraw definitely isn't that much better since you just white washed her.
ten out ten on all of these. God I'm so glad i dropped Kobayashi's maid ... uggh.
Well the promised neverland art style DOES get wacky and inconsistent *suddenly remembers rossi being tiny face norman* 🤣
What I don’t understand what’s wrong with sister crona she looks amazing. I am black and that’s just how our noses look 80% of the time in real life and personality I like the lips in the anime at least.
I have no idea why they made the first character Ilulu have granny boobs... like seriously, when I saw her first time  was thnking of my grandma if she had large, pink pony tails and horns!
I thought that becky's nose was her mouth :O
So despite never seeing Promised Neverland (yet), I can say as a blasian (Black/Asian) that I don’t see a problem with Sister Krone’s character design, but I also do see why other black people see her design as stereotypical. If you know the history/racist caricatures of how African Americans/black people were represented many years ago, you can get the feeling how it looks wrong. I don’t think however that Sister Krone is meant to intentionally give off that “stereotypical black woman vibe” as I do know a lot of black women irl who have similar features to her (especially middle to old aged black people). I don’t think her design looks wrong but I can also see why it is uncomfortable to some black people if it looks a bit stereotypical. I also don’t think giving black characters “smaller noses and lips” is considered whitewashing/white only features but more to fitting with the anime style features or if it’s just to fit your own preferred style, that is also okay. Not all black people have wide noses and big lips, we all come in different shapes and sizes.  Also I love your Ilulu redesign and understand your intentions with it. I do agree and wish people can stop sexualizing big busty skinny/slim/chubby characters and see them as normal but I also wish people can acknowledge that short busty women do in fact exist (I’ve seen a lot irl who are the same height as me). I don’t like people who bodyshame and “desexualize” women with big boobs as you’re no better than people who sexualize them but I also don’t like people who treat them like sexual objects. Just treat them normally and don’t be a creep/weirdo. Female characters can have big boobs without being sexualized but people gotta understand that boobs just happen to develop in different sizes regardless if you’re tall, short, skinny, slim, or chubby  Overall, these are just my opinions and how I see these designs. I respect anybody’s perspectives/beliefs who differ from mines. :)  Also please don’t accuse LavenderTowne for whitewashing if you’re not black or POC. That’s for us black people to decide if what she did was okay or not but personally, I don’t think what she did is considered whitewashing. If a black character was changed with light skin, that is whitewashing, something she never did. Art styles are subjective and not all  racial features are going to fit within an artist’s preferred style. I can say that as an artist who has black/POC OCs as well.  Ask yourself if you think your stylized art style would look good if your East Asian characters have squinty eyes. Not anime eyes, like realistic Asian eyes. It would be a bit stereotypical depending on how your Asian character is portrayed/represented. That’s why I don’t think adding racial features should matter in a simplified/stylized art style and don’t think what LavenderTowne did was whitewashing to Sister Krone’s redesign. I hope what I’m saying makes sense
i was unfamiliar with becky from tough puppy and i thought she was one of those characters that wasn't drawn with a mouth and she just had a weird red marking on her cheek
I was happy forgetting tuff puppy happened.  Great redesigns.  I think I like the basic redraw for working in a Hartman show.  Your version is beautiful but feels much more serious.
when you started drawing the girl from tuff puppy or something( 12:05 ), think of making a type of recognizable character when your drawing, can you recognize her in her shadow? Don’t get me wrong the drawing is a amazing, it just looks a bit off from the original piece. I’m not giving you hate, I’m not trying to get hate, sorry if this came off in a bad light.
I have never seen tuff puppy, or Becky's design. So when I saw how her nose was shaded, I genuinely thought there was just one of those sewer holes on her face (P.S. Commented this before Lavender mentioned it, great minds think alike!) And it looked like her mouth was some sort of make up design, and even after knowing what it really is I still can't see it very well.  I'm all for wacky, out there character designs, but please guys, make it clear what stuff is- !
your ilulu design kinda reminded me of aradia from homestuck
12:00 cough cough southpark
i feel like a lot of anime fans are gonna be upset by this but you are right lolol
I think you're redesign of ilulu is fine, but I think that she should have at least some aprochable features a little cuteness
I like the Ilulu rework, wish you also did an after look when she let the conditioned angst go.
I dont think most people in japan know much about what happened to black people in american so i dont think its intended to be racest, but rather they seem to draw what sticks out to them, hence why alot believe blonde hair to signify being a criminal
It's hard for me to accept fixing character since they are designed in a certain way by their author. They may look young, but we must remember that in japan, they are in general smaller than us. And look younger longer. For the second one, well she was a bad guy so i wasn't expecting her to look cute. Then again, their isn't a lot of black individual in japan soo they can't really have the same standard for it. The last one i dunno. It's a talking dog so eh?
THANK YOU, for sharing your gift Lav :-D
I have never seen this becky character and when I saw it I was like "this isn't that bad? looks pretty plain" and that's because I thought she had no mouth and had some sort of red marking below her eye. I had absolutely no idea that was supposed to be her mouth until you said it was
Oh yeah, the black woman form tpn has always poped out to me.. the first time she appeared,  my first thought was, "wth??" It's just an odd design?? Like Isabella is beautiful  and (white) but karon ( that's her name right, I don't remember) just... looks.
as a blasian girl, i wasn't overly offended by sister krone's design (simply because i've seen worse, which sucks that my standards are so low.), but its so annoying how FEW black designs are actually accurate and respectful. i've been watching you for some time  and while i love how you asses these, one thing i would saw however, is that I feel you could've had sister krone look 26, while still keeping her with the wider body frame that she had, and her wide nose. most black anime noses are awfully incorrect, but it would've been nice for her to still have a wider nose without being incredibly caricature-like. :))
2:49 hehe angry woman go brrr :>
i think you tackled this really well! i love how they turned out :))
I didn't really think Sister Krone's design was bad, its just she sometimes just looked into the camera, and it freaked me out.
9:32 she looks like she just has a big chin with a black hole in it lol!!🤣🤣😅
While watching the promised neverland, I noticed these stereotypes on sister krone in the anime and the manga. I feel like the artists definitely took it too far with her stylization, but I feel like they weren’t necessarily trying to be racist with her design, but the wrong message came when they tried to make her “creepy.” I think one way they could have avoided this was by giving her more the look lavender did, but they could widen her eyes and added more shading to the top of her face to give the vibe they were going for, rather than just overstylizing her by a LOT. It’s not the 1920’s anymore, and this was wrong, but we will try our best to ignore it throughout the anime, so we can move in and grow stronger together, and see things like this don’t happen in the future.
i love this video and the designs and i think all your thoughts are very valid!! the one thing that bothers me is that coyote is pronounced kai-yo-tee instead of kai-yote, unless you are referring to a diferent animal but genuinely thats the only thing that bothered me this is so well done!!
I really loved sister krone's craziness in the promised neverland she had to be a favorite but it a shame that she was killed
i love the vid. i have my own theory for why the dragon girls in dragon maid. its that they don't have a solid idea how human bodies work so they just kinda...approximate it in a way that each dragon likes personally
Oh god 🤣🤣🤣🤣 When she just went "most people might just lop( idk who to spell it) it off"
As a brown person myself I honestly disagree with most of the hate towards the design for Sister Crone, even though she is drawn with a nose, unlike other characters I believe it's just to communicate that she is a brown person. I think it's great, the manga isn’t originally colored so giving her those descriptive traits(nose, curly hair) is a good way to not be confused about the fact that she is indeed a black woman. I don’t think that’s wrong :)    geez I hope that made sense lol I suck at grammar
i don't much care about the dragon maid controversy.  it's an anime, i'm indifferent....BUT i will say the design is a little...over the top
Thank you these redesigns are like a healing balm after looking at the OG character designs.
Sister Krone is one of my favorites from tpn. The way she switches to joining forces with the kids to defeat a common enemy is just so amazing cuz then the kids think they’ll actually be able to leave but then Isabella finds out and she kills krone and boy that just ruined the mood so much in an amazing way like it shows you that it wouldn’t be that easy to escape and I love it! I always was iffy on her design though because they made it feel like she was creepier than isabella even when she wasn’t trying to be.
Your art style is so calming
On a side note, i'm actually not bothered with sister Krone not looking so young, considering how "built" she is (much respect to that woman for hitting the gym so hard).
when she did Becky then she said the high light on her noise makes it  look like a hole all I can see was a hole now lol and it looked kind of like a instrument
I watched The promise Neverland in one day
omg I love your drawings!
Thing is nice video but I don't really think any of the character designs are really that bad (and yes I know unpopular opinion)
Okay, Butch Hartman's design was so awful that I thought her mouth was a tattoo or something similar. Also yeah the Lulu's redesign was better because Lulu's design kind of feel a bit too much in one part while the rest feel like an after thought, I have seen Lulu with reduce breast and I thought it looked better than the original because it felt like it had more of natural flow in the sense that it felt more porpotionate to her body. I do not think much of Lucoa as her design flow is better than Lulu.
the first description basically perfectly described my character
I do really like Ilulu but man what the fuck is her original design.
Okay but like this was awesome please do more suggestions people have
On the third one, I thought the nose was the mouth.
I thought this was interesting. And enjoyed your re interpretation. Nice work
Seeing those two anime characters and then a sudden Butch Hartman character gave me whiplash
Oh dear god....the video is actually here now 😬
Edit: I haven’t watched the video yet so I’m commenting this based on the thumbnail and some of the other comments have good things to say but my second point about krone still stands. Ok I also don’t like Illulu’s design because her breasts are way too big, but you can’t say it’s a bad anime design and “fix” it because that’s rude. Illulu was designed to be in a fan service anime. Also You better not talk crap about Krone’s design, she’s beautiful and her depiction in not racist. Like one guy literally said that his aunt looks like Krone
i feel like with sister korone at least i can't really see her looking any different. she's very exaggerated, like all the other characters (mainly the children), at least in the manga. the mother lady (forgot her name) has some very exaggerated scenes as well. i think that it works well for korone, as i thought of her being on the same wavelength as mother but... and not to mention many of the adults have somewhat superpower kinda strength, not to mention the kids being able to run and climb like some kind of superhuman hybrid (and having ridiculously high IQs, norman's is like 300+). also the mother literally broke emma's leg with her bare hands haha, that scene was painful to read. of course, i am not black so i cant really say if its offensive or not on the behalf of all black people. tbh i liked her more than the mother since i live in the south and have seen some very sweet women who looks like her that i look up too, so i am completely biased here
Iruru being edgy doesn't look as good tho, also big horns like that take away from the cute aestetic of the rest of the anime. If that were her real design she would stand out like a goth at a LGBTQ pride parade.
I kind of don't like the way you made sister Krone. She's meant to be extremely scary and disturbing and I think you made her a lil too cute. I don't think it would give the same chilling effect that the original does. Love the other designs tho and great video overall! :)
I feel like, if one thing, you should have kept Sister Krone's small eyes. It's what really gives her character the creepy vibe, because everything else is SO BIG. She's tall and strongly built, big facial features, but her tiny eyes are what draw the terror in some of those panels out. So i would keep the changes you made (maybe keep her bulkiness) and stick with the small eyes instead of regular big anime googly eyes.
I think the first one was on purpose i think, beacause maybe their going for a cutesy but strong character, there are some examples, but i agree on her chest being too big
I've never heard of any of these tv shows, but I love how you recreated them
Why does the stylized Becky remind me of Bea from Night in the Woods 😂
I like promise neverland so I’m like how dare you but you ok
Oh my God, I’ve never watched TUFF Puppy, but Jesus, Becky’s design is just so… no.  Lmfao  Have you ever watched Gravity Falls?  You know that scene where Bill Cipher rearranges Preston Northwest’s face?  Because her design’s making me think of that.
Holy crap, on that dog lady, I didn't even realize that red streak was her mouth until you mentioned it.
Personally, I feel like the sister krone (?) New design was good for a change! But, I feel like her black features were completely erased in the design that you created, her lips were exaggerated but you could still include that element but still make it look like a real black person, also with her nose, it's a black element-
9:52 I can’t I see that hole thing :)
umm the little detail with ilulu is that...she doesn't know how to propperly transform into human, she is not 16, she is way older, just takes the role of a 16 year old to fit in, you can see she doesn't even have normal hands at the start, nor does she care to do it right, but i like your design should she ever learn to do it well
Before she pointed it out I thought that Becky had no mouth and that her mouth was a scar 😂
Hi Haley! Do you have any tips on how to create my own cartoon-y sona?
Omg I was looking at Becky like what a weird scar
For Illulu I appreciate how you didn't completely chop off her chest but addressed the main issues. I had issues with her design bc I knew it came from the intent of sexualizing a younger character and the creator of the show has some controversy regarding that. It'd be fine if she had a big chest like Tohru (one that was clearly big but not super exaggerated for her frame) and if her face didn't look so young like Kanna's. A large bust ideally shouldn't be sexualized but I believe anyone who says her character design wasn't made with those intentions is being naive, especially if you know the creators of the show and the way society in Japan and the U.S. view those characteristics.
i never noticed Sister Krone could be considered racist. i thought she looked normal until they were pointed out to me. I like your design but i prefer the shows design better. i really thought that the mangas design looked very racist and bad. i see nothing wrong exept in the face reigon with the animated shows design.
If that first one was actually in the anime I'd actually want to watch it, She looks so cool! The second one's design did bug me a tad when I watched it and I think you did an excellent job with it. The third one: wow. I feel more confident in my character designs now. I didn't know it could be that bad. Butch Hartman continues to disappoint me. Lmao
I don’t even watch anime lol. Half the time I have no idea who you are talking about but I like character design.
Great job making these actually good! (Not that they werent “good” in the first place) I am so glad that you saw the wrong things in these designs, and I really appreciate all of your artwork that you do! Keep drawing what you draw!
aren't her boobs that big for a reason like to carrie a special fire?
AHHHH!!! I love it, please make this a series 🙏  I'd love to see you redesign more famously cringy character designs
4:00 she's wearing that because she needed to wear more "human/normal" clothes so she would fit in but none of ms. Kobayashi's clothes fit her so tohru lent her some of hers so thats why shed wearing that
I love how you didn't flat out... Well, made the first character flat! People tend to flatten women's bodies to "de-sexualize" them, but it's honestly a bit insulting? I'm fairly flat, so seeing how flat chested character are just seen as "unsexy" is really stupid and hurtful.
I’m black and burst into laughter when I saw krones manga design 💀 Not the nose that can go on for days lmaoooo
0:58 she literally looks like a 8 year old. 💀 Anyway, your designs look amazing! I really love it!
The only thing i could think of when i saw the first girl's original design was "Oh god, the back pain..."
what. did they do to my girl ilulu lavendertowne i love you but. ilulu,
T.U.F.F Puppy as in the Nickelodeon show T.U.F.F Puppy?
Please do more of these videos! ^^
a lot of the comments defending sister krone’s design are saying she was designed that way because of her character (i haven’t watched the show but from what i’ve seen; cruel, evil, mean, etc). but you have to ask, why exaggerate her black features specifically when trying to make her more intimidating? why not mess with her expression, rather than making her lips bigger, or her nose more prominent? again, i haven’t watched the show, but from her base design and character trait, it all just comes off as really stereotypical.
oh my gosh ok the dog one ?!? i thought the mouth was a scar-
Ok, I'm with you about the stuff and design of Ilulu but . . . The other two like ummm, you went down the drain girl, through the branches. Becky is mostly about style, if she's made like that, is because that's the style of the series. Then the girl from TPN, the series is mostly about the perspective of the kids, she HAS to look scary and make others uncomfortable, and people who are 20 but look older exist girl, no joke . . . I wouldn't guide myself so much of the style from the anime though. You just made her look adorable and cuter when that's the opposite of what the manga was trying to get. Just my opinion though~ No hate. 😔✌️
I like how you actually made a new character that still resembles the other without just chopping off the boobs. (Believe it or not, girls do have boobs and there's not much we can do about it-)
I thank you so much for doing this video towne
As cool as your Ilulu design is, the point of the full human design is that she really just a child. She's SUPPOSED to not look scary, she doesn't want to be scary or hateful. And she's only that scary dragon for like, 2/3 eps. Also I feel like it ignores the fact that the show is actually a comedy about a worker getting so drunk she seduces a dragon, and then the dragon becomes her maid.
Cute art style as always, Lavendertowne!!
I had my art style into her art style i dunno 👁️👄👁️
When I first saw her at 9:00, I thought her lips were a scar and she didn't have a mouth. (Something like Hello Kitty)  I thought this before you said that. I was very confused. Also please take note that this is the first time I ever saw her.
Becky from Tuff Puppy looks like a talking urinal.
I mean one of the points of animation is that it's unrealistic but I get what you mean.
Personally as a black person I didn’t really have a problem with the way she was drawn but I also did. I also feel like you should be able to draw black features, like you can make their skin black but do they look like their race I feel like that’s key in representation.
Lots of opinions in this comment section but no fights. It’s nice that we can talk about this stuff without it being a source of conflict
Oh my gosh- for the dog I thought the lips were a scar wtf…
the cope idea i made about ilulu weird body shape is taht maybe since she is a dragon and dont like humans, she dont really know how a human should look and she made his "human form" kinda wrong... but  afther a while in the human world she would have fixed it ,,, who know
If you do a part two can you put in Paul from eddsworld in it?
i agree with you on why sister crone's design is awful and it needs to be called out in anime more often like its so obvious they hate to see black people depicted as anything other than a minstrelsy. however, that being said, i dont really agree with just "drawing everyone in the same art style" because you aren't being more inclusive as an artist. especially if you are nonblack you are drawing from a character thru your lens of whiteness. i think learning how black people depict themselves is a better solution.
Good video, with good problems to tackle, though im uncertain of how the first two characters were changed, reason simply being that someone can both look young for their age, whilst others can look old, so i dont think those specific changes were necessary, I know with dragonmaid this would come a bit more to question, but she’s just supposed to be short, with the other similarities coming from the show’s generally homogenized art style
Please make this a series :00
i understand the reasons for Krone to be redesigned, however the redesign felt like it just pasted the white features of Isabella to her face instead of keeping with a black African ethnicity.
imo though i think its off you gave krone a smaller nose bc even though in the original it was done seemingly with the purpose of making her look stupid and more ugly and 'weird' it still is a black feature and could be done in a positive way. also changing her hair type. i do still enjoy these though especially the ilulu one... the og did her so dirty
Personally I liked the way sister Crone looked.
If @Lavendertowne answers this I will die in peace
People with breasts that big usually get reduction surgery. The weirdos who like them usually cry that it’s natural and does exist, but the people living with those are usually in pain. They have back problems, shoulder pain, and they’re just a burden.
Nice job :) your artwork looks amazing
Sister Krone from The Promised Neverland which is my favorite anime is by far my favorite character but thanks for re designing her!
Manga Sister Krone is a disaster but I do agree with others in the comments that the anime version doesn't read as offensive, but I definitely see the angle people are coming at with how wildly different she looks compared to everyone else. Still, really like your spin on her, it's cute ^^  Also, as a fan of Dragon Maid, when you describe Ilulu based on her intro then revealed her design I laughed way harder than I expected xD Coolkyou was def thinking with his wiwi when he designed her Funny enough her chesticles look even bigger in the manga, KyoAni subtly nerfed them for the anime
The characters can be curvy without being inherently sexual is so true (justice for Lola Bunny)
As a curvy 16 y/o myself, I really appreciate the Dragon Maid redesign. It has always bothered me that curvy female characters are used so often as blatant fan service instead of just getting to exist in the narrative like everyone else. Even when your characters are canonically teenagers and look even younger than that. Your redesign proves that you CAN draw busty girls without objectifying them. Thank you. 💞💕💞
Fell off
When I first saw Becky in this video I was like, what’s that red line thing on her cheek and where’s her mouth? Then I realized the red line was actually her mouth
They all look cute! You actually made Ilulu look cool.
i honestly thought Becky's mouth was like some weird scar- once you said that was her mouth i tried my best to see it. that's just a horrible character design.
For the third one, the og design just looks like a human with large chin with a hole in it-  It  kinda bothers me ..
One thing on the “stylize everyone the same way comment” it can be done without sort of erasing the common features of Black women and ppl in general (ie slimming down her nose to be “just a line” bc those types of noses usually denotes small/button nose of that makes sense). I would study how Black ppl are stylized in art by Black people bc the problem with sister Krone is not the fact that she has Black features, it’s that those features are overly exaggerated in a way that others are not, therefore replicating the Jim Crow/Minstrel drawings. Other than that I love her redesign
new video to watch :D
sister krone is younger then Isabella right?? then why does she look so much older. also why is her art style so much different then all the other kids / Isabella?
i used to watch your videos alllll the time and i just saw this on my fyp- def gonna start watching your videos again :)
For Sister Krone I feel like they bolstered her features a little too much but there’s also the issue of going too far the other way, there’s been a lot of complaints especially in anime that black people look offensive or they have more Caucasian features(typically smaller lips, thinner nose, etc.) not all of us can be happy with the design but let’s also take into account that characters that are supposed to come off as creepy in anime usually share the same features as Krone so they’re more off-putting(ex. Yakumo Oomori from Tokyo Ghoul, Charles Zi Britania from Code Geass, Major Gross in AOT, witch from Howl’s Moving Castle, Sweyn Forkbeard from Vinland Saga, Ishihara from Divided Destiny, Gisuke Sasaki from Rainbow: Rokubou no Shichinin, and so many more). It’s only now because she’s a darker colour that I see people getting upset. It was a swing in a miss in not considering stereotypes before designing her but this also seems to be somewhat self-fulfilling for much of the audience in my opinion
i honestly dont mind sister krones design, their can be a bit more overweight people in the world, because maybe that was just the creators idea was too fit the characters voice, mood, and how she fits in the story.
Part 2 please 👍
11:11 that beautiful modulation in the lineart!  it's made by changing pressure?
I've watched T.U.F.F. Puppy. I didn't watch the episode with Becky. Still you did a good job redesigning Becky in both versions, especially the left design, where it's more faithful to the show.
I forgot the second "mother" from TPN had such bad lips
Ilulus breast apperantly is a fire sack
I always hated how the creator of promised never land made sister krone I hate how some anime creators make black people in general- 😭
I I appreciate also how mature this comment section is
It’s reasons like this why I love LT, she handled all of this in such a mature way. Her intentions are clear and it’s very kind and understanding
Lmao I cannot unsee the black hole XD
i love your takes on these, though drawing everyone the same can help it could also be a little ‘boring’? though it’s the easiest way out of caricatures, i think it would be better for those artists to actually learn how to draw people with different features! then style it from there, instead of erasing them for their own style, ya know?
I like how you still made ilulu busty and curvy and not just completely made her a stick. I do have to admit, she does look a bit younger than what she is meant to be. Even MHA characters look older than her and they are younger in the anime than what she is supposed to be. Also it makes a lot more sense she is bulky, not only muscles for strength but because she still needs to store the fire and a more bulky build is easier to manage that just two huge lumps in her chest. I mean they can kind of decide how to look so it makes more sense for her to decide to be bulky in general spreading the fire storage everywhere than be like “imma get massive booba”   This is one of the few designs where I’ll say it is definitely a fix. Her massive fire storage was definitely fan service. I don’t whine about the fan service but if you were to tell me to choose, I’d say your design is more logical but you still get good fan service with it (still curvy, busty and now the added muscle fetish to some, goth and tough girl and is not a Loli anymore and can enter into waifu territory)   Unlike the Twitter fixes which whole purpose is practically making the characters as unattractive as possible without any logic and make them bad character designs in other ways and call them “fixed”
I love how you didnt just full on give the first one top surgery..xd and actually put work into it
pls do more
I think my only prolem with the second redesign is that you made her looks a bit more slimmer. Just a small nitpick tho.
im so glad you redesigned krone, she’s probably my favourite character in the anime and it always made me uncomfortable when she was drawn weirdly. you did her justice - w -)b
i thought the dog’s mouth was a tattoo which might’ve been interesting but would not stop her nose from looking like a hole 🕳
i didn’t even notice the mouth on the dog at first lmao it def looks really weird how non proportional it is
Wait isn’t Ilulu 25 years old? She clearly said they she is the same age as Tohru
The second character you redesigned was amazing. I thought I was the only one who was uncomfortable with her look. I could never quite put my finger on why it bothered me so much but as soon as you said the thing about the racist artwork made for attacking people, it pinged in my mind. It's horrible that art was used in such a garbage way. And I'm happy to hear that I was definitely not the only one it bothered! your art is beautiful keep up the good work! I want to do some redesigns now 😊
Illulus breast are so big because they’re apparently fire sacks, it’s fucking hilarious
I didn't even realise that Becky's mouth was a mouth. I thought it was like a weird tattoo or something
I literally adore this video! Tysm for your content ✨ 💓
Tuff Puppy, my favorite anime.
Dear God those BADONKADONKS what were they thinking XD XD  I like your ways of tackling these characters. I also stick to the “stylize everyone with the same standard” rule of thumb. Works for both simple styles and more detailed ones! Love the high fantasy approach to the Dragon character. Looks super cool as a stand alone, and looks so much better than the canon design IMO. Love a good balanced curvy design. And the High Res becky is top tier XD
love what you did with ilulu's design!!!
I wish you made sister Krone’s nose bigger…the original was obviously a caricature but I really liked her bigger nose. Her lips too
This video was really great! I loved seeing your creative process and your tinkering with these characters, and it'd be cool to see another one of these videos soon. Maybe this could be a series, where the next one you talk about terrible movie designs? Anyways, keep being awesome! :D
You're an amazing artist but please practice Black hair more. The texture on Sister Krone didn't needed to be loosened. The face of the original was the issue.
13:08 always one of my favourite parts
I HATED how sister Krone looked! If it matched the rest of the anime's style better, that would be one thing, but she stood OUT! I was sitting there thinking "Are they kidding? She looks like she belongs more in the Boondocks on adult swim!"
7:02 honestly I think they drew her like that to show she was different then the other adults. You can label it as racist if you want but I belive its to show how crazy she was.
becky got SUCH an improvement. the stylizing of her face is so.. off. and weird. i’ve always kind of hated butch hartman’s style and seeing this is a huge refresher.
I didnt even notice the mouth on the dog (original).... I thought that was makeup or scars.
- i was a busty 16-yr-old with NO curves or butt, so i honeslty appreciated seeing big busts in anime (not to the extent of ilulu though). but we all know the purpose of anime girls having DDD cups is for the sexualization and not for representation. i mean, they can make anime characters with big chests all they want, but the sizes don't need to be exaggerated, pointed out, constantly shoved in our faces, or a personality trait, which in anime, that always happen. all in all, i'm glad you didn't erase her body type but instead, showed it in a more accurate light. it's body-shaming, otherwise, for those who do identify with that body type (like me) - for krone, i feel like they should have given her large anime eyes at least, so that she'd look closer to the other characters (like how she looked like as a kid in the anime), because she looks like she's from a different universe, imo. still, it's refreshing to see black features that aren't the typical beautified black features we always see in the media. the big issue with krone, however, is that the black woman stereotype largely defines her character. would she still be large, muscular, and twice as aggressive if she wasn't black? anyway, don't read the manga. for krone, the manga needs to be thrown out - i understand that cultural differences play a big part in this (i'm not excusing these issues). japan is a patriarchal society (thus, the sexualization) and a very mono-ethnic country (thus, the ignorance in stereotypes and racism). but it's good that we're talking about this!! racism and the sexualization of women in anime are the first things that gotta go
I feel like sister Krone would be less hated on if the characters had different features. People would not mind her differently shaped nose and big lips if other characters had unique features. All the characters have pointy noise and thin lips.
I swear ilulu canoicaly stores her fire in her chest...like the design u made tho
9:13 Okay, but why is Becky giving her face hole bedroom eyes in the first reference pic?
Hay just wondering what art school you went to if been doing a bunch of research and I’m feeling a little overwhelmed with the sheer amount of them and I want to go into character design and illustrations and I get that that’s your specialty and wear you went might be a good option for me thank you.
Yeah… but you did took off most of sisters krone black features.
Wow your design of becky is so cute. I need to remenber when i want to draw furries
Hi  I wanna make a story and character lineup around the phrase “nightmare festival” 😂😂😂😂  And as a black person, I wanted to say that you’re absolutely right about the more “heinous” ways artists tend to draw their black characters in anime, comics, illustrations where the majority of the cast is not black. I think some may just want to highlight certain features, but there’s a fine line between making a character unique versus an exaggerated stereotype. Though her storyline and arc fit with the theme of the rest of the adults in her position, her design was too ridiculous. Love her as a character though.
The thumbnail upset me a little because that's people's art, but when I watched the video you explain it well and I understand what you're saying
Did you know that canonically the Amazons from Greek mithos would cut off their left breast so it was easier to shoot arrows/they could be more accurate when aiming… I just think that’s cool :)
When instead of trying to imagine the character You try to guess which character she is talking about
Sensitive topics yeah a bit ngl I like Those characters designs in the thumbnail :(  I do like how you drew Sister Krone it's cute. Doesn't give enough of a scary vibe imo Wow that tough puppy character is weird lol
If you're up a real challenge, you can always try Attikus (or any other battleborn character). That guy has haunted me ever since that game came out.
Oh Christ!
YES YES YES Miss haley i love it make more of this please (Ov O)
for some reason i never saw anything wrong with crone's design bc i saw alot black people who looked like that so i kinda just didn't see the problems with it (i also didn't realize that she was in a different art style than everyone else) thanks for helping me realize that
The anime didnt do Sister Krone as bad and it's at the least not the jim crow lips stereotype like most anime But the manga and many other characters in other anime that still over details black people and under details their asians, is concerning  They're still people you can turn into cute cartoons too, unless you have an uncanny realistic style for other races too (nothing wrong with uncanny realistic styles ) then they should at least followed the same level of styling as other humans in that world
would love if you continued this as a series!   to comment on black character design, I just want people to know that there is a gorgeous black girl in Hunter X Hunter 2011 (admittedly she looks god awful in the 90s original 🥴) there's only like 3 other black characters in the show off the top of my head but again they're drawn to match the style of the other characters  side note; at the end of some of the episodes there's a cute chibi rundown of a character you've met in the series and for some reason the animators decided to make the 2 main characters black just in those chibis 🥴
I feel that Sister Krone and other black characters can have less Eurocentric features without being racist. At the same time, I also find Sister Krone's design to be racist, not only because of the exaggerated stereotypes but also because that is what the anime and manga uses to make her intimidating. When she makes a scary face, her nose and lips are accentuated in a way that isn't seen with any other character, as if these features are inherently bad or scary. Though I appreciate Lavender's redesign I also feel that she made Krone's face to be more European which wasn't really the issue in my opinion. I don't have a perfect solution for this, there are other black characters in the show in manga that I believe were depicted better, but those were my thoughts when watching.
Everyone figthing over big boobs on anime female characters and here is LavenderTowne coming up with the perfect middle ground and translating in the best way my thoughts... also the comments are so based.
9:27 Wait…  THATS HER MOUTH‼️⁉️‼️⁉️⁉️
I really liked how you handled the first one I think it really shows that there's other better ways to draw big chested girls without sexualizing them my only critic would be I would have liked to see the character from the promised never land keep the same weight she had in the anime its not a big deal I just don't think her weight/build should be edited if they redesigned her
Thank you so so much for keeping her large busted. People act as if 16 year old can’t have large chests and imply any younger girl who does have them as being inherently sexual. As someone who was inherently sexualized as a child for this, it means a lot.
Algorithmic punch
I love kobayashi's maid but the second season was a bit.....much
8:59 I wish you kept the same body type as she does in the anime. She’s supposed to be fairly strong (pretty sure stronger or at least look stronger than Isabella) but your drawing depicts her as the same as Isabella. I’m *definitely* not implying I could’ve redrawn her much better but I rlly wish you could’ve added that to her design. Overall though, I definitely think you made her appear a lot better than in the manga/anime.
I loved tuff puppy but the designs did sometime weird me out
Your redesign for Ilulu looks good for a reinterpretation of her initial antagonistic design, but I would have liked to see your take on her "blending in", casual apparel, since I think that's where most of the issues with the anime's design are. When she has those giant claws and horns, the weirder aspects of her base design don't seem so out-there, she's easy to buy as a creepy fantasy monster, but when she's trying to pass as human it starts to look wonky.
🥰My passion is redesigning characters and I am just really happy to see something like this!! I am not a black person but I do make their lips slightly fuller as I have asked a black friend about this and that's what she recommended when I design them.🖊
I usually like your content but I find this video a little bit arrogant. You can redesign without thinking that your interpretation is the superior one.
Ilulus design is perfect for her description but the whole point in dragon maid is their cute but dangerous but it looks amazing:))))))
I feel, honestly, that the problem with Krone is the "creepy scenes" because, to make it creepy, they use her  black features. Objectively there  isn't something wrong, it's more the way her black features are used to be creepy. I have family members and friends that look like her, but I can garantee you that their nose and mouth do NOT get bigger or anything when they're being scary
I appreciate you redrawing that maid from tpn, I think you did a great job, however I personally think that it wouldn't have hurt to keep her black features (a wider nose, plumper lips) w/o them being stereotypical? I'm sorry, I hope that makes sense.
I don’t think the answer to redesigning black characters for anime is necessarily to erase common black features to fit the style. I think in trying to avoid one issue with negotiating the stereotypes, caricature, dehumanizing/othering of black characters from the rest of the cast in anime this redesign stumbled into another pitfall. Which is ignoring black features so it fits the “style” of anime. That leads to several issues, it can contribute to the view that common black, or other minority, features aren’t appealing, are “other”, that a black character needs a small nose, thin lips, and straight hair to be appealing. I think the answer is not to whitewash black characters, but for artists to consider, practice, and include more than one set of features into their portfolio and visual library.  I do think the character redesigned is iffy, especially in the manga, and it’s difficult to see intent with her being like the one black character in the show who happens to be a villain, I think Lavender brought up some good points especially with the history of racist cartoons and I don’t honk the redesign is “bad” I just disagree with the proposed solution.  I think a good example of an anime with a black character with black features who looks good with the rest of the cast and is an appealing design in itself is Canary from the newer HxH anime. She has natural hair that isn’t straight and isn’t just an Afro (as is very default for anime and cartoons) noticeably full lips that aren’t a loop like a fish or old racist cartoons and her nose while still small is drawn differently to show a more button nose than a pointed nose. (HxH isn’t perfect with other designs but this one I think is a good example)  Just some thoughts!  TLDR: the answer to black characters in anime should be based more on purposeful inclusion and broadening of art style rather than erasure of non-Asian non-white features, IMHO
I actually like that sister Krone has big features, my issue is that they're framed in a demonizing way. They're emphazized when she's supposed to be scary, and she's the only character in the series drawn like that even though other black characters exist. I guess since they were with the good guys, they didn't need to be tainted with those features though. 😑
This is awesome!
anime not puppy
Is a 26 year old black girl I really appreciate the way that you’ve re-design Sister Krone… honestly the discourse surrounding her appearance has really hurt my feelings, so I just really appreciate the love and thought that you put into redesigning her I really appreciate it thank you🥹
if feel bad for krone, the artists probably looked up what normal poc features are and enhanced it x100
I DIDN'T EVEN REGISTER THAT THIRD CHARACTER'S MOUTH AS A MOUTH UNTIL YOU POINTED IT OUT W H A T
I absolutely did not like the redesign of Sister Krone. In the manga, she was beautiful, but in the anime... Everything is done there in principle strangely. The sister's problem is adaptation in movements, and not that she is more massive and has a big nose, like many Africans, oh, sorry
“Rescuing bad anime design” ? Am I the only one to find this choice of words conceited?
ilulu just casually lost her tail lol good redesigns btw
I feel like with every source of media non- black people will always find something wrong with features that are normally portrayed from black people. I saw nothing wrong with her design and flattening her features just play into that white washing aspect. As I said people who aren’t black complained about her design compared to most people it represented.
I love this! These redesigns are amazing!
idk bro, im not black but i am part jewish and have a big nose and seeing a character be "fixed" by giving them a smaller more eurocentric/societally considered beautiful nose doesn't sit right w me lol, that character def looks like a caricature in some places but you can fix that without giving her a button nose
Your Ilulu looks way better than the original. The original is just so dang boring and doesn't reflect her bio at all tbh.
When I saw Becky, I didn’t even notice the mouth until you pointed it out
Im glad sister krone was fixed. I know a lot of people dont see something wrong with the design but as a black person, yes there are tons of black people that look similar to her design, but we never look that exaggerated. and even with that being said, instead of sticking with the same art style, the creators went straight to a different art style to fit black people more which isn't really okay. And back to the exaggerated features, like i said yes again there are tons and tons of black people that look like that, but we all dont look the same 1, and 2 she looks very similar to a lot of the other racist stereotypes in anime's, so its not that hard to see the problem with the design, rather than looking like other characters from tpn, she looks like several racially stereotyped black characters that I know of. Its nice to still keep her black features in mind, however it is never okay to over exaggerate them to the point of that extent. So thank you so much for fixing her design <3
I don't think the Sister Krone redesign is the best. It's way better than TPN's, but it feels as though you somewhat erased her features? Mainly the nose. You can still give her a more rounder nose while having it fit into the simplistic artstyle.
I was watching the part with sister krne then I saw michiko and hatchin THAT IS THE BEST ANIME EVER
Ilulu’s design looks so much better! I really appreciate the fact that you didn’t take the easy route but chopping off her boobs and leaving everything else.
Becky’s character design reminds me of that meme where it’s what Peppa Pig would look like from the front and I don’t know why 😂
What brush do you use?
I love your redesigns for Becky and Dragonmaid, but I cant say that the 2nd one was redesigned the best. The way you redesigned Krone took away her black features (her nose and her mouth), and I saw this as someone who's uncomfortable with her original design
I was put off by the title, but I appreciate the little 30 second disclaimer at the beginning to make clear that this isn't an act of ill will against other creatives or their work.
As a mixed person and someone who’s never watched the original show I’m not a fan of sister krones design. I don’t think there’s a good narrative reason for a character to resemble a mammy and be the only character with exaggerated racially charged features. Making her more ethnic to look scarier has so many racist implications, I don’t really like seeing it defended so much.
Can you please do a tutorial on how you color in procreate😭
05:09 - *Now you have female version of Benimaru from "Ressurected as a slime"*
For the first one I thought of Malifecint
Sister krone is not a bad design, I mean if you take her from the original design of the show, she’s a pretty normal character, but when you put sister krone next to all of the other characters… she just looks different, it doesn’t even look like it’s in the same manga anymore, and that’s why I think they have an issue, making a overly “realistic” characterization when nobody else in the show is like that
After she pointed out Becky’s Nose Not gonna lie she look like a toilet with eyes and a lip sticker
Unboned thresh
The first ones original design literally gives off the feeling of "you're such a small 8 year old I could hold you in my hand" and then the designers were like "Hmm yes let's give her a LITERAL PAIR OF WATERMELONS FOR A CHEST" LIKE WHAT!? WHY?? SHES 8?
you really made krone look younger! :) yeah she looks like 30 - 40, and the effect is made even worse bc isabella looks a tiny bit young too
I feel like Krone is meant to be how the kids see, scary and unhinged, which is why she looked so scary in the promised never land, but in reality she was actually sweet and just wanted to be a mother like a Isabella
well, as much as the 1st design from dragon maid is absolutely terrible in every way, i think a main point of the character is that she is also like a dumb stupid kid. i think you kinda lost that one. i don't watch the show but that's just in my view.
If talking about breast size one thing in Japan  they really love big breast mostly guys will be designing em it’s a thirst thing we all know that
Regarding sister Krone , It’s extremely weird to me that most of the time, when we want to redesign a black character to be less offensive, we often give them European traits? Like a smaller nose/thinner lips …. I’m not directly talking to Lavendertown, just in general….
I'd make a suggestion, but 'like 90% of One Piece's female cast' would probably be too big a challenge.
I love how you handled Ilulu. She's my favorite character in Dragon Maid but I'll admit she's really hard to look at sometimes. Definitely an improvement
Admittedly, I didn't know what was wrong with Krone at first. But that's probably because when I have Netflix cast on my tv, I don't really pay attention to it  Then... I started reading the manga from the beginning. And... She, unfortunately, made me very uncomfortable. Because... How she looked (I, don't really know how to describe it properly)  Your design however, looks... A lot better
I just wanted to say one thing relating to around 6:39 it isn’t really stereotyping or rude to make her look like that cuz most black people do have big lips and bigger noses, and they too get twists in their hair like this character does. You should not take away the big lips because that’s a part of what black people actually look like, and they also tend to have either thick or skinny bodies, not as many things are seen in between. I know this because I’m black and from seeing my family and others, her character is accurately drawn. No black people were complaining that her character was racist so I think she was just fine. Maybe the art style could have been changed a little, but the over all look is fine.
Also nonet if the shows on this list are bad at all all of them are really good but just have bad character designs specifically Miss kobayashi's dragon main but it's still in my top five shows because it's a genuinely good show besides the character designs
i loved tuff puppy as a kid but i do NOT remember the character design being that bad??😭😭😭
I had never heard of TUFF Puppy until I watched this video, and when you showed Becky, I legit thought her mouth was a scar. I was wondering how her character design was bad until I realised it wasn't a scar.
4:11 Exactly! It tells us nothing about her at all
I dont see why it's racist. They didn't change the style cartoon is supposed to be exaggerated so i dont see why a cartoonist cant exaggerate facial features on characters in different races
other than the painfully big knokers, ilulus hot.
The reason the women in Dragon maid have a larger bust is to reflect the power they have in their dragon state. Ilulu said herself they are her “flame sacks” and as we’ve seen she is one of the strongest in the series. All that aside I appreciate your interpretation and approach. There’s a difference between a creative redesign from an artistic standpoint and straight up censorship.
7:00 treating them completely diffrently? she has a different nose and they chose to draw it in her charictor, there is nothing wrong with the way they made her. there was no reason to dig so deep into her design. theres no reason to whitewash her charictor either. she has a different "style" because she isnt any other charictor, she is her own just like everyone elce.
Y'all made me google sister krone in the manga and that is not something I wanted to wake up to 😭
Female gaze vs. male gaze for the first one
Omg your Krone design is so beautiful and adorable!!!!
The reason, Ilulu has them in the show is because they are her supposed to be the psychical representation of her scales and she is bad at turning in to a human. But, I totts agree that they just should of been proportional.
I was a little scared you were just gonna make Ilulu’s chest smaller in your redesign like so many people do. Personally, I love Ilulu and her goofy proportions but at the same time it rubs me the wrong way how young she looks next to Kanna lmao. (Hey that’s me!)
Ok, the thing with Ilulu. She is a very powerful dragon and it is said that she has a lot of fire power. All the power you have has to be stored somewhere(and because she is young and doesn't have a lot of experience shifting) she has to store the power in her tits making them huge. It is said in the manga itself
thank you guys so much for being so mature and thoughtful in the comments! Your responses are really interesting and I’m happy our community can handle topics as sensitive as these in this way. 💕💕💕
The Becky on the left looks great and I would imagine they would actually use that in the show.  The one on the right looks like a deviant art oc.
i realy like that you didnt just chop off ilulus chest :>
love how you fixed Ilulu without cutting her breasts off, since she appears 16, she should have a bit of cleavage, but not how Dragon Maid did it. Krone's design is beautiful, as a black person, she looks gorgeous how you do this. Thanks Lav, we love you <3
I remember Tuff Puppy, vaguely. XD
I'd love to see another part to this!
Despite the promised neverland being my favorite anime, i always thought krone's design was very problematic and not a lot of people acknowledged this
Part 2 maybe hopefully possibly?
For ilulu the canonical explanation is that it's not actually fat/breast tissue, it's where her flame sacs are contained, that's basically her lungs not actually titty meat. Also not trying to sound like I'm upset by this, it was genuinely interesting to see your interpretation of the character, but I was genuinely surprised that so many people had a problem with her design since every other time I heard/found any mention of her design from fans of the show it was all positive. ( there were a couple of typos ).
I liked the first one redesign but it doesn't fit the anime design style at all, you did a great job with fitting the second one to the anime tho
People saying Krone was intended to portray a scary character, how children see her, that the artist didn't mean it: that doesn't matter. Those arguments doesn't change the fact that her character gets overchadowed by being a stereotype both in role and looks. If your manga doesn't include black people and then you add one who is drawn like a minstrel character and is agressive while also being compared to the angelic looking pale nanny, it paints a racist picture. And despite anime fans trying to handwave it away, Japan has a real problem with using racist caricature elements to represent black people. It's 2022, "they didnt mean it" doesnt cut it anymore.
Krones design it's self isn't bad when she'd get over exaggeration is when itd be bad. Sometimes they make her faces so stretched and it sometimes feel like how historically black people would be drawn uncannily. We do have big lips and wider noses however drawing it in a sort of way that strains our features and calling it scare may not be fully racist but it definitely leaves a bad taste.
Don't stress any back lash lav. Just draw what you like.
LOL the tuff puppy one I did not even realize she had a mouth until you said it😂 I LOVE what you did to Sister Krone. I also loved her character personality in the show but as a black woman it felt really uncomfortable watching her.. I definitely think there’s a line between including characteristics of black people in design and being offensive, and it was more offensive. I’ve seen GREAT black anime design so I know it can be done more respectfully and on brand with the rest of the non black characters.
If someone hasn't made a creepypasta based on the anatomy of that "Becky" character yet, they should.
The first one is a miss for me personally. The outfit is kinda muddy, so you can't really see what's going on with it outside of the few pops of color, and the way you bulked her up is still really out of proportion with how the hand is so much bigger than the wrist. Giving her forearms like Viral from Gurren Lagann would be my only suggestion on making them look better. I think something neat would be to draw her in two forms, one super busty, and the other much smaller but still prominent. If they're her fire sacs, then it would stand to reason that they'd shrink with each attack.    This last bit is a tangent, I just feel like mentioning it anyway. When it comes to big breasts they're also not just lumps of fat, since the density of the breast tissue inside it (ranging from type one which is almost exclusively fat, to type four density that's almost exclusively breast tissue) also plays a factor into how projected breasts can be and how far they stick out even when sagging. The anime presentation of them is possible, but it's exceedingly rare.
I really like the fixed character designs! You are so good at drawing and character design :D you inspired me to do this! And I love ur art style sm 😭 Can you make a part 2? or what are you doing next?
Oh god... I didn't know that character existed in one of Butch hartmons shows(I'm not correcting the name if I misspelled too lazy).. agh God the mouth is literally right at the eye...
Ok yeah I hate sorry but I hate your sister krone design. Why can't you give her a bigger nose? More bigger lips? I know some black people have smaller nose and thinner lips but in the anime her bigger nose and bigger lips separated her from her and Isabela. I have literally NEVER seen you draw black characters with bigger nose like it's not that hard😐
I hope there is no flame war in the comments.
I really liked the animated parts it made me feel a lot more entertaining Edit: Entertained*
5:15 Very good redesign, looks more how I would picture them then the original design.
You “fixed” sister Crone by deleting her larger nose and lips, a classic trait of POC? You basically did a curly haired Isabella…
Ilulu's design never bothered me because her build was almost exactly like a girl I went to school with.  But, I do think her costume needed an overhaul. Like what the heck with the thong being her usual attire that was a bit much.
FOR THE FIRST ONE I THOUGHT OF A VERY EGDY EMO 16 YEAR-OLD😭
I don't see anything wrong with sister krone(the anime ver) and I'm glad they gave her that nose(reminds me of my moms nose) and I don't see why everyone sees her as " she's scary because she's black" WHEN ALL THE MOTHERS WHERE TRAINED TO BE LIKE THAT, I feel like if they HAD given her a slimmer nose and thinner lips there would have been an uproar over it.
Ilulu’s design is awesome! I love that you didn’t just remove the boobs and call it a day because there’s a big issue with her design in that it tells you absolutely nothing about her and you addressed that really well.
Loved them!
1) I do personally know women with ginormous tattas like that, but the rest of their bodies are WAY more curvy than that initial character design (Thick lips, big thighs/booty, chubby arms and legs). And frankly, I think it would be okay if that were the case. It would certainly make more sense from a balance perspective, considering that someone with boobs that big is going to be walking around like the hunchback of Notre Dame without some serious muscle/mass to support it. (My friends and I constantly joke that I would take a bra size from each of them and it would "even us out" 'cause I'm thin and tall and they're much more curvy and short, but I understand it's uncomfortable for them, and nobody gives each other shit for our different chest sizes). Also, there is nothing wrong with any boobs of any size. There is only something wrong when the boobs are the focal point and just so happen to have a person attached to them... same with any other body part, really. I really like your redesign! 2) Right on about the point about her looking like a completely different art type. I would understand a couple of details here or there varying with EACH character, but she seems... very purposely portrayed as being different in a way that doesn't sit as "right". When only one character seems singled out for different features, it comes across as that the artist sees them as being so incredibly different from everyone else. Nobody's truly colorblind, and difference is beautiful, but, when only ONE type of person gets portrayed differently, it sends a lot of messages just by being that way. Unfortunately, Japan in general has a pretty poor cultural view of black people, and I think that is probably much of the driving force behind that design choice. 3) At first glance, I thought her mouth was an eyebag....yeeek!
All these sweet controversial viewers! People just can't handle coolkyo's baby people.  On a serious note though, I genuinely think saying "fixing/rescuing/remaking" is really bad and bit disrespectful towards someone creation, good or bad. It would be better and easier to just saying "my own redesign".
Your designs looked so nice! I loved them ❤️
The actual move is to exaggerate white people just as much as black people, I love exaggerated characters but only when it’s done with love and respect to our differences and features
Yes, my favourite anime! Tuff puppy!
the only complaint i really have is with sister krone's nose, i would've loved if she had a button nose which is a pretty prominent black feature i wish more cartoon characters had like me, overall though very great vid:)
BROOO, THE FIRST ONE. YEP, SHOULD'VE SEEN THAT COMING
I enjoyed all your takes on these characters, but I think the one thing that was lacking from the second design that I prefered in the original was the actual extreme triangular shape of the mouth. It created some nice tension that I thought brought some of her actions to life. Other than that, good stuff all around!
Becky looks like a friggin peppa pig character. The original, not yours, you totally fixed the strange face :)
I like the new design for Sister Krone. When I watched the promised neverland me and my siblings were definitely side eyeing the character. I know opinions will vary but for me It was not my cup of tea. I almost stopped watching all together XD.
I know a few people have done this but could you redesign yandere sim characters?
Honestly I liked sister krones design but I do agree she was clearly drawn differently than the white characters in the show, the lips would be ok if they were smaller but making them look like an African persons traits since from their heritage their lips are bigger than white peoples lips.
I never had an issue with sister krone but at the same time I don't know much about discrimination in art. I did find it odd how different she looked style wise. It's be cool if some of the kids had more round noses like hers, then the style would be more consistent in its face variation. Had no idea she was supposed to be so young, she seemed so much older in the show.
Beautiful redesigns! You blessed my eyes.
Everyone agrees that the first design redesign was great
I have no problem with Ilulu, the artsyle is really cute and the "dragon adapting with humanity" thing in the series is really fascinating and yes, Booba. But they may be a bit smaller than the original (also canonicly she sized them down much)
amazing as usual
Thank you for *NOT* just chopping her tits off and calling it a day, because as someone with kinda big boobs (for my age and it makes sense with the rest of my body) I always felt really gross, this is definitely makes me feel a lot better <333
Jordan Presegati turned your youtube logo into a horror variation! You should check it out if you haven't seen it :3  https://youtu.be/lbTRREaDpNU
I have many thoughts. The only original design I didn't like was the last one (like what the heck is that mouth ew). While I respect Kana's old design, (it's basically a shit post by the author and I think it's funny) I actually like your design for her a lot. With that being said I kinda don't understand the gripes people have against Sister Chrone; I've heard a lot of complaints and none of them make any sense to me. I personally think she fits well with the shows art style in the sense that she looks warm and welcoming and that perception of her gets warped as they learn the truth of the world. Both her and the mother (I forgot her name) had that same vibe. I feel like taking a character who looked very unique and just applying white or Asian features to her is kind of a disservice to the character as a whole. I've spoken to some people who are black and say she looks like their grandmother. Though I will say it's fair to age her down since she's meant to be younger. I'm not particularly educated in this field, but I think given the context of her design, being Japanese in origin, and her being a really smart character, a contrast to racist stereotypes from back in the day, means you can't really put the same standard on her. That being said I don't find anything wrong with re designing characters and just having fun; that's just my take on the complaints people have.
As someone who has done requested fanart of Ilulu, your redesign looks amazing.
I agree with the Sister Chrome's design complaints, when I first watched it I was younger and didn't see anything really wrong with it. When I first watched it, I just saw her as cool and creepy, but now that I have watched this I completely understand. Also, I love your art style :D
THE CLIP OF THE DSS CHOKER AT THE BEGINNING.
( said from a black person) for sister krone I feel like its good to keep the features like a big nose, big lips, bc those are actual features black people have. but its just the way they exagerate those features as if those features are what make her creepy is what pisses me off and the way the character acts in that  mammy stereotype. in the anime I'd say they did a little better from the manga but still the way they draw her eyes and her hair is just not it. like they could've put more effort in her hair, and also she could've had the same eyes like everyone else but for some reason in anime they always make black ppl have small pupils like the hell?!! idk it just becomes exhausting. Animes never put effort into drawing black hair and they just do blobs for our hair. and it sucks bc you know they can draw our hair so much better than what they put on the character bc they draw all the other characters hair well. like they can literally look up how to draw black hairstyles etc.
I don’t think the face fully matches her personality, this is probably purposely but even during the fight , she is happy and oddly optimistic, everything else thought is on point
Man you're really cute!
2:43 if Bakugo was female
I know it's not intended as racist, but I don't really uderstand why black character's facial features are so  prominent in certain animes while other characters from the same show look very simplistic. There's no difference in anime between european and asian charachter when it comes to eyes, lips or noseshape so I don't see why doing this to black people.   The design for sister Crone isn't ugly, it just looks like it was drawn in another style.    sorry for my english btw
That is the problem, if you make a stylized poc character people will say that it lacks characteristic facial features  and will say "you are not puting effort in drawing poc character", but if you do it you are a racist. Even the examples you give have controversy in its moment because they were the average anime designs but with darker skin. So how is the thing? I have to do what people say and risk being called something bad (for whatever reason they find) or do what I want?  For me is easy, I will create art the way I like and tell people to f**k off if they try to change my art style  But what do I know I am just some random third world person with internet.
Will we get a version for video game characters?
Lmao the sound effect of chopping her breasts cracked me lol 😂😂
Why do you use clickbait tittles?
I love the second one in both ways, I loved The Promised Neverland and that character was my favorite because of how funny she looked.
Okay but the Iruru redesign goes hard
For krone: -round out the nose a bit -maybe add a little more definition to the lips -Perhaps have her hair tied back in braids of some type or locs? I feel like it would make her match isabela more to both have tied back hair. -I like that you made the face look younger but I think her body type should have stayed wide/broad shouldered  Other than that, I really liked all your redesigns.  Also take my input with a grain of salt, of course, I just think there are some small improvements to be made on Krone's redesign :)
When I first saw Becky's mouth I thought it was a marking under her eye 😭😭
7:03 I agree that the artstyle should stay consistent when drawing people with different ethnicities, but drawing bigger eyes/noses/mouths/body parts isn’t a problem on its own. (when it’s done respectfully, like the ilulu redesign) There are ways for artists to draw and acknowledge black features without making the character look like a caricature. I know people have bunch of different shaped and sized noses so I like seeing artists portray that in their art.
Idk, as a fanart, your Ilulu is freaking awesome, but i think that it would never fit the show, none of the characters has ever appeared with such "rad" outfits, not even Tohru's dad (so if she appeared in the show like this, it would be a bad character design imo)
As a black women I think a lot of black people is over looking the fact that black women in minstrels and in media was always depicted with outlandish body proportions and with our faces screwed and twisted in offensive ways. With krone she does resemble what a lot of older black women look like but her face is giving aunt Jemima. I implore other black folks in the comments to actually take the time and look at black women depictions in anti black propaganda, you’ll see a lot of similarities in krone facial features and there’s.   If the artist wanted a character to resemble something scary they could’ve made her any other ethnicities. This was purposeful, you can’t say she just happens to be black when if it was any other race those features wouldn’t be as exaggerated as it was!
This was awesome! I love all designs so so much!! One of my favorite videos you've made!
The first one is intended to be that way cause the anime is like a big joke about anime proportions and all that crazy stuff
I haven't seen promised neverland yet but I had seen that character and heard she was interesting but it seems out of places to style just one character incredibly different from others because of race and I was hoping they didn't do that exclusively with other characters of the same race purely because I'd question intention.
Am I the only one who thought Becky’s mouth was eye-bags???
9:24 I THOUGHT THE THING UNDER THE EYE WAS MAKEUP, NOT THE MOUTH DGDGSFHUU
Thank you for adding sister crone. A lot of people don't see anything wrong with her character, but it does portray her being a black woman as aggressive and exaggerating some of her features to make it seem so. That's not the only issue with her design especially with them making her look like such a stereotypical black character, she kind of looks out of place.
Tbf, I've always liked Krone's face cuz it was expressive and unsettling  I didn't think about the stereotypes
I'm gonna be honest, for that Becky character, I literally thought the nose was a hole and she had no mouth😐😐😶
As a black guy, and a big promised Neverland fan, I never thought Krones design was that bad.
I really liked your redesigns. Especially the first one, maybe since it's the most drastic, but it really rubs me the wrong way how blatantly sexualised minor or minor-appearing characters are in that show, plus I think there's some other things the creator has done which are very questionable but I don't know for sure. Anyway, your design felt much more appropriate and actually, well, good! It showed way more of who she is as a person and her background, which is what a good character design should do, and it's much more visually interesting than the bland design of the original. And I really like that you still kept her busty but actually realistic, not hypersexualised, since big breasted people do of course exist and deserve rep that isn't purely.. ehm.. for 'viewing pleasure' :/ !!! You handled these issues great 👍
I prefer orginal krone, it shows the difference In personalities and presence and positions. She stands out more especially compared with Isabella. They have different approaches.the new looks cute but all I see is a safe design and well putting her up to Isabella her design doesn't really stand out, it kind of removes her uniqueness and the fear factor and just makes her look like a more another Isabella with a different race, there other women with Isabella later and krone looks more unique then them as well. the problem is Americans are reflecting their history on to Japanese media.
I gotta say, I ADORE your content and I definitely do not think you are being intentionally insensitive. However, I am just slightly miffed that your solution to Sister Krone's racist design was to...make her features whiter? Black people with larger noses and lips should be able to be depicted in any art style without getting into minstrel territory. I will say that the anime did much better than the manga, but the anime had it's moments. Easily fixed by simply not doing them. The next issue is something more integral to Krone's design. She is a walking Mammy stereotype, and she's the only Black character depicted as abnormally strong, fast, and completely unhinged and insane. I just feel like there are ways to preserve what makes Sister Krone a Black woman while mitigating the problematic parts? Smalling her nose and lips seems like a cop out and a little bit backhanded to POC? Again, I know you mean well, but I see this as a bit of a misjudgement on your part.
Fixing art always makes you look bad no matter why you do it, of course if you're an art teacher while drawing perspectives or still live the student actually needs or wants critique but I'm sure these artists don't need you to come around and "fix" their art style or choice.
But shouldn’t think it’ll be like a little bit variation between the faces anime?
About Ilulu. They said that she stores fire in her chest and that's why it's so big but it still seems weird. The dress is just from the maid outfit so it explains why it's so plain but I wish they dressed her in a less lazy way.
As a white person I never realised that it could be offensive because I have seen black people with those features. I honestly thought she was quite pretty
If your looking for more character redesign possibilities  could you do a all tsundere edition? I feel as though  some of the newer ones(2002 and over)get shafted and they all start to look the same eg flat chested and either tomboy style or cute innocent preppy which is unfortunate because tsunderes in works before 2002 all looked different, different bodyshapes,different fashions, different ages,ranma 1/2,one piece ,love hina,tenchi muyo all works with tsunderes and they looked different when 2002 came shakugan no shana changed all this it gained such popularity that all tsunderes afterwards (minus some rare expetions) where copies and distortions of its female lead
I think they may have drawn sister krone like that to give a scary kind of look as she was helping kill children, but I do love how you redid her!
I appreciate it that you said got nothing against this characters.  I felt ilulu design suppose to be cute, abit sexy, not at all intimidating. Like the scenes where that screenshot came from the protagonist didn't at all take her seriously. Which her original fit perfectly, but the design look amazing but don't fit dragon maid even if the original artist did it there self. Also Personally I feel like since she not human I feel like characters like ilulu can get way from anatomy being realistic.   On the part that brought me here in the comments, since I don't really talk here. But...  Despite your intentions seems good. As a artist myself, I find it extremely disrespectful to changes/fixes/edit a artist design or character to fit your idea what she should look like, no matter how sexualized she was. I would be upset to see my characters changed without my permission because someone found my character design problematic or having bad anatomy.  I kinda wish you didn't make this vids because see your illustrations inspired alot which why sub'd. But I can't make anyone do anything. I just a voice in a sea of people to be drowned out by the waves.  Anyways I'm going to unsubscribe from here, I hope run across amazing art somewhere down art/ videos.
The thing is, Lulus human form is just how she wants to look like at the moment. Her chest size is only that big because she tried to seduce Koboyashi. But since Koboyashi is a woman herself it only irritated her. Lulu is a dragon, and dragons can disguise themselves as humans. Since they aren't humans and they can look whatevrr they want as humans, they could change their forms however they want. They could look older or younger. Though they still want to resemble their dragonlike apearance so they keep their eyes the same, or mostly the same, and they keep their horns!
1:53 Realsim though still important for the purpose of us getting invested, shouldn't be the end all be all.  She looks like that mostly due to artist intention, of course the anotomy doesn't make sense, it was designed for the Shortstack fetish.  But in equal does it match with her story?  Not really, for someone focused into Fighting against What she beliefs is evil due to truama, she looks way to clean for that to be tha case, cant even add that humongus breasts into it, They still could stay large just more carryiable, She could also stay as short stack whos built for combat, like she looks like someone whos gone through alot of battles related to humans.
I was imaging some really cool alt girl when you were describing her but that little girl who looks like she should fall over if she stands up straight?
I like all the redesigns. I really don’t like when anime are just made to look cute with no clues to their real personality. I wish you had leaned into a more scary look for Sister Chrone because it is a big part of her character but otherwise it was really good. I lost my brain when I saw the original Becky. I thought she was from horror cartoon with a hole in her head and a gash on the side of her cheek. I wouldn’t have realized that it was actually a nose and mouth lol.
The third one isn't an anime character
holy shit I haven't watched tuff puppy in over a decade I didn't think anyone else knew it even existed
Wow, artists are being harassed quite regularly these days for "bad" character designs (just look at Genshin Impact's Kaeya and your first example) and it is really in bad taste to participate in the toxic "art fixing" trend. I thought that as an artist yourself you'd relate to the amount of pressure artists feel when producing content for people to enjoy. By the way did you know that many of the people who made Miss Koboyashi's Dragon Maid died in a tragic arson attack? You really should pay more respect to historical works of art, these works represent an era that is now gone.  I guess I'll unsub now. I wondered why I haven't seen anything new from you and now after looking through your video history it's because nothing seemed appealing, nothing but rehashed video ideas.
I've seen many awful "design fixers", who are just, yknow, change character's skin colour/weight and call it "right redesign". it's very pleasant to see that you put much more effort in this kind of thing while giving respect to the original, and i appreciate it very much
guys just because sister krone is evil and black that doesn't mean the creator is racist  if you want all black characters in media to be perfect angels who do nothing wrong then thats not representation its idealization and makes for a rather boring character
The Line between problematic and just bad is due to intention and a bit of result.  Anyone can be offended by anything, but are the things that their offended by actually harmful or just a thing? For me Ilulu was like other Dragon maid character designs, just that a dumbed down to the common appeal, this things reduce interest in anime designs, they don't focus the character on being effective for their storyline, it's for an audence they believe only watches them. Her age: due to the Whole different life expectancy, the most we could go off is the Joke about just making one up for legal purposes or fitting in, so this one is really up to subjectivity, Zoe from league of legends Is infinity years old, but it's as mature as a 10 year old.     So for me it matters more about the design rather than realism.
Tbh when I first saw becky I thought her lips was some kind of paint or something, no clue why but I just did
Dude, I'm almost 16 and I'm flat as a table, I know it's all about the genes, but still, that first design is super out of proportion
I liked Ilulu’s old horns but it was your choice it’s okay 👍
Heh. "Fixing someone else's art" Nice
I personally don't agree with changing the nose shape for more pov characters. Yes for alot of anime that's a fine choice but I can't help but feel like they're mixed (absolutely nothing wrong with that but I often don't feel like it was true to the original or backstory of the characters.) Pretender is an good anime with different nose shapes Christina, Abigail and Dorthy are all portrayed as woman with darker skin but their nose shapes and skin tone are wildly different but they still fit the style of the anime.  Bananafish also dives into different nose shapes with different races but again not one of the characters feel out of place.   Yes it definitely can be odd for most viewers for all characters to have small noses and one character not especially one of color but I also think it's important to keep more ethnic traits.
With the last one I didn’t even notice her mouth there, I thought she didn’t even have one and that it was a weird style choice!
Omg I totally forgot Tuff Puppy existed, you just unlocked a repressed memory 🤣
with ilulu's character shes a succubus so shes meant to be over sexual which is a big part of her character but i also do like parts of your redesign but it feels more like an oc since it doesnt resemble ilulu at all
9:10 I didn't even realise she had a mouth u til you mentioned where it was, I thought it was just a birth mark or something.
I’m glad you touched on Illulu’s character design. I think your concepts are great, like making her more edgy, removing that stupid thong, and keeping the bigger chest idea (bc I actually liked the idea that her breast in her human form are bigger than most bc she has more fire power, tho I will admit it’s unnecessarily exaggerated). But, the colors for the final design don’t really feel like Illulu since she had more or a mythical fire vibe(pinkish red, purple,) than traditional fire(red, orange and yellow).  Also with Sister Krone, I like that you made her appear younger bc I couldn’t tell by her design that she was supposed to be 27, I thought she just acted childish. And as a black person I think they handled her design better in the anime than in the manga bc I definitely see the caricatures-ness. I also agree with your point that she looks to be in a different style, but I just don’t see that as a bad thing.  All in all great videos I enjoyed it a lot.
the point of the first ones design is to not look right
Tuff puppy was my childhood man 😭🙏
u made sister krone look like my aunt with the vide and  everything
I find it strange how people are invalidating that sister krone's original concept was offensive. If youre a nonblack person why are you saying what a certain group of people should and shouldnt find offensive?
your drawing of sister krone is nice, however (this is just lighthearted critique) i think you should practice drawing different facial features for future drawings. You draw a lot of small noses/lips (usually none, which is fine), but your redesign of sister krone pretty much removes afro-centric facial features. I know some black people do have smaller noses/and or lips, but I think this is just something you should practice. Other than that, your drawings are great!
Kobayashi's dragon maid has bunch of character design issues and since the author isn't good at adding subtle details referencing a certain thing about a character so usually certain part of their design is either omitted or blatantly in your face also all characters are built around a gimmick, and Ilulu's gimmick ended up being a busty loli, and honestly her chest could have been noticeably smaller and the gimmick could have been sold just as well my best guess is that the author put them selves in a corner because all the female dragons have rather large breasts and the author decided to make Ilulu compete with Lucoa in sheer breast size, on Lucoa they seem far less out of place because her proportions are far better balanced with the overall shape of the character
Honestly for Sister Krone, I feel like her nose should've been rounder and oval like (but then again, most of the children characters could've had different noses so that her nose wouldn't have looked so different. The youtuber Whyt Manga has tutorials and shows how to make diverse characters easily. Kinda feel like Promised Neverland could've learned a bit from him.
Ah yes, my favorite anime, *TUFF Puppy*
That Butch Hartman cursed dog woman hybrid character is actually terrifying
:0 omg I’m early
I love this series because it also feels like feedback for my character design
Help with Becky I thought her mouth was like a banana tattoo and I was like, "What's wrong with this design?" like no oh god
1 hour ago :o
idk why but I really liked how goofy krone's expressions were and Id din't know it had racist undertones
💖💖💖
The way you just completely removed krones African American facial features instead of making them more realistic...
What's wrong with sister krone design???
dislike shit
I imagine designing black characters in some anime styles can be hard as you dont want to erase their black features, but also dont want to make it look like some racist caricature.
Honestly, when  I saw the last one, I didn't even notice she had a mouth. I thought that was a scar on her cheek and that she just couldn't talk
I wouldn't really say Ilulu is agressive, she's pretty calm after ep 1
what the hell! There's nothing wrong with  llulu's design that's LITERALLY body shaming, she's short with big eyes and big bewbs AND???? THERES REAL LIFE ADULTS AND TEENAGERS THAT LOOK EXACTLY LIKE THAT. There was even this one story that broke my heart. Like bro, she looks fine, move on. (im not saying you said any of this, but the comments..) i feel like every character design is fine the way they are, nothing is stereotyped nothing is wrong, the creators drew them now they wanted to draw them. If you do not like it then it's understandable, simply walk away though. I feel like the 2nd one's character was supposed to be more scary and mysterious and twisted that's what they made her have all those facial expressions. (not the last one tho lmao)
My perspective on Krone that was originally wrote as a reply but I cut short since I felt it should be a stand alone comment w/ some added and redacted parts:  What I noticed is that even Jemima (another black girl) fits with the style as well as the other POC. It's just krone who is evil that has those exaggerated features that get even more exaggerated as she is being creepy. For me personally her features were very polarizing, but I also know in general how we (black people) are generaly viewed in eastern asain countries like Japan. I definitely don't think blatant racism is the intention but when people make mistakes that can be improved on moving forward they should.  Canary is a great example of a character that both has black features and doesn't feel like a caricature. She has thick lips and is clearly drawn with a wider nose but they don't make it unnaturally large on her face as compared to other characters her age. I must add that Krone nose isn't too bad imo but her lips feel very choice especially since they seem to grow almost twice as large in "some" of her creepy scenes (notice the emphasis on some because people sometimes hold onto the fact that you may imply it happens most or all the time and ignore the fact that it's a problem that it happens at all.)   A great American cartoon that feature black people with varying feature is Craig of the Creek. If you haven't seen the character before you should. Everyone is drawn in the same style but they have a large variety of feature without anyone looking out of place.
Totally didn't forget the last one's name but if you look at the original mouth and just act like it's not there, she looks so much funnier all of a sudden.
FINALLY, SOMEONE WHO KNOWS ABOUT TUFF PUPPY 🥺🥺
That first character design (the original character, not your redesign) makes me think of a coworker I had at my previous job.  She was 17 and was really that busty while thin otherwise.  Poor girl had people constantly staring at her chest.  As soon as she turned 18, she had a leave of absence from my work to get a breast reduction.  I remember coworkers complaining, coworkers who were my age or older.  Which means they were people in their 30s and further who were ogling a 17 year old girl.  Yeah, she was 18 when she got the surgery, but still.  Besides, it's her body, let her do with it what she wants.
I haven't watched what anime Ilulu is from, but I'm very happy that you kept her bust, but added muscle and fat, also this may sound cliche, but GOD DAMN DOES HER BACK NOT HURT????? I feel like the one you made looks like she has little to no back pain! She just looks (and I mean this in no offense to the original design) better? She looks like an anime protag that has more personality then boobs! And doesn't look like a fan service character for the shits and giggles! *IN SUMMARY*  you did a great job lav!
I think that Sister Krone was just supposed to be creepy, not racist.
the one thing i don't like about krone's redesign is that she looks way thinner and way less intimidating, like her design doesn't match her character at all to me. shes meant to be really strong and more outwardly intimidating then isabella (because isabella is very passively intimidating), making them look similar kinda removes their difference in character, needless to say the original is still pretty garbage and obviously derived from racist stereotypes, but i think you should have kept her body-type.
I feel like I seen some flaws and awkward changes in Sister Krone, it’s a good anime but I thought her design seemed a bit off for the anime.
I honestly like Ilulu but as soon as i saw her and the only thing i felt botherd about her were her boobs, like i know it is a joke in the anime but i always disliked who unrealistic it looks.
I feel like they stylized Sister Krone in a different way because she was supposed to come off as terrifying and intimidating(which worked), in contrast to the mother who was scary but wasn't stylized that way because she was supposed to look like a person you can trust. thats just my opinion tho
I’m so grateful for you not removing lIulu tits lol
the first one is sincerely disgusting, not yours obviously but the source.
I definitely agree that there should be set rules on how to stylize characters within a show and that the same rule should apply to both black and white characters. but also I feel like krone wasn't made with bad intention. they were just putting more emphasis on black traits. I'm just talking about her anime version though. tbh the manga version was a little unsettling...
Tysm for the tpn one because EVERYTIME we get a black character THEY MAKE OUR DAM LIPS HUGE
Sister Krone in the manga looks like a major yikes but in the anime she looks fine.
The first one u did 4 the 16 yo anime girl is soooo much better than the original & fits more to her description & personality like with the original one bruh she doesn't even look strong like she's supposed to be smh the only thing she can use as a weapon is her giant buzzams I mean what in the name of lord 💀💀
the first original design is absolutely repulsive. why are we still popularizing works made by pedos in 2022?
Ur sister Krone doesn't even look like a black woman at that point. You gave her looser curls, tiny lips and smaller nose which is more fitting in a European beauty standard of what a black woman should look like. Ik this version is more stylized, but if someone cannot draw black people in their style with afrocentric features it really calls their artistic ablity into question
👍
If you know anything about the author Coolkyousinnjya’s Doujinshis (fan-made manga) he has a tendency to draw adult-on-child relationship scenes (usually sexual) which could explain some of the weird choose and depiction in the manga/anime proper. For example Locua (her design) and Shouta interactions, Ilulu’s design, and some questionable scenes of Kanna Kamui. Norailties’ channel talks about MISS KOBAYASHI’S DRAGON MAID’S author previous works (Doujinshis) in detail (links below)  Miss Kobayashi’s Dragon Maid https://youtu.be/Buv3TA7dvdE  Miss Kobayashi’s Dragon Maid and Promised Neverland  https://youtu.be/vZ8oXOL1Tfk
i feel like the issue with Ilulu isnt the fact that they gave her an exaggerated big chest , its how she's portrayed. Shes supposed to be 16 but looks like Kannas age and is sexualized because of her chest... big chests shouldn't be seen as inherently sexual but unfortunately they are... This redesign is infinitely better
Don’t you think it’s a little rough to just straight up call someone’s character design terrible? I mean it isn’t really offensive so why be so negative? Why not call it just redesigning characters or smt? Instead of just calling the original design terrible?
I think I would have left the wide nose for Sister Krone, just getting rid of the 1920’s caricature lips. Specially since apparently a vast amount of black people want more wide nose representation.
Idk, I liked sister crones design in the anime, the mangas is questionable but I think the anime did the improved version,
9:29  I legit paused, screenshotted and then went into paint and removed her mouth and gave her a new stick line mouth below her nose and MAAAAN just 1 minute and already she looked better. BROOO, when drawing anthro animals you need the mouth to be BELOW THE NOSE. It will _never_ look right if you don't.  You can get away with it on humans but not anthros.
Ily for not just chopping off the chest and calling it a good day
Supper exited to watch, I love you videos!
Im hoping people don't take this video the wrong way, like id Hero Hei or something, because this is all just in good fun and the disclaimer at the beginning is showing that you don't mean to disrespect people
Supper exited to watch, I love you videos!
You did so well on so much of this already, I haven't even finished off the video yet and I'm already put at so much ease with your expertise!
EEEE I'M EARLYYYYYYYYY JEJFHI4FORHF4OUTJ9G4 LAVENDERTOWNE ILY ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Ilulu looks more cute like that. Like her other design is just "Oh my god what the hell is that thing? N-no what circle of Dante's inferno did you yank those features from, and what dark alchemist put them together?" and this redesign is "A (very strangly large-chested) strong highschooler with horns who will rip you to shreds in exactly 0.05 seconds."
honestly i dont like how you did the second character, cause its like you are putting down black people with those features when there is literally women/men who looks like this and giving her a more eurocentric features and saying "look a little cuter" that "rescue" is just an L.  Edit: I'm not saying black people are lock into having big noses and lips cause some of us don't (like myself) but majority of us do.
Yea I disagree completely with the Sister Crone part. There isnt anything wrong with how she is. She has moments where she is drawn creepily just like how sometimes Isabella is with exaggerated features, Crone's features are just different. And just saying not to draw noses and lip types black people DEFINITELY HAVE just cause its easier and less likely to offend is just..........not actually good especially for "representation"
I really like the First redisign I never really liked the original not because of the bust size that never bothered me but because she seems kind of bland compared to the other Dragons in the series who always had something going on with how they look and what there wearing you gave her this battle torn look that I am all here for
Not gonna lie, I liked Sister Krone in the anime. It was the first time that I’ve ever seen a black character depicted with black features. Being black, it gets tiring constantly seeing either the thin lips and small nose or the highly offensive red oval for lips and pitch black skin. Having a character have a larger nose and larger lips is nice to see because it feels more like an actual attempt at representation than what a lot of people do. And yeah, I can see where people might get the stereotypes from her (especially in the manga) but honestly it’s a big step in the right direction for anime and I hope things keep getting better from here.
I don't think it's overly sexual or unreal that a young girl would be busty like Ilulu is. For example! My Mom had once told me that when she was 12 she was a D cup. It's uncommon but it's normal and very real.
day 25 of once again asking for an episode of ✨By the Book✨ for Artemis Fowl because the movie was ✨literal garbage✨
What's this? A re-draw without talking down to the original creators and having actual constructive changes and suggestions? I love it!
I love ilulu but her little bobas are a little too big.. it's way too unrealistic and like- what.. but I agree with you, chopping her bobas right off just makes her look...different and wrong.. I love how you actually kept her bobas realistic and didn't just chop em off.. anyway ily
I searched “burger king foot lettuce” and this came up-   Love your vids tho <3
I’ve never heard of Tough Puppy, but upon seeing the character I did not think that was her mouth, I thought it was like a scar or something 😬
I dod not realize that was her mouth I thought that was a birth mark
I LOVE the dragon arm in the first character design!
One of the few times I can get behind redesigning characters <3 Always love your insightful and creative content queen!
Me who liked llulu’s design but still likes the the redesign
Amazing
This video is so great!! Thank you :))
Omg you made ilulu looks so cool
dragon maid weirds me out sm i cant force myself to watch it lol
I’m black and I would like to say that Sister Krone’s design was extremely off putting. She looks like she walked straight out of a minstrel poster, and is definitely the mammy stereotype. Saying that her being depicted as such added to her “scary” factor is not the take you think it is. It plays right into racist stereotypes. Black people can be depicted in Anime with our typical features, without them being heavily exaggerated and resembling minstrelsy. There are many well designed black anime characters: Coffee, Kilik Rung, Michiko, Darui, Atsuko - the list goes on. All that being said, I really liked your video and thanks for offering these alternative designs.
i was a bit iffy when i saw iruru in the thumbnail, i was like "oml please don't just butcher off her boobas" but no this is like one of the first redesigns of her that is actually good and interesting?? this video was well thought out, i love that
For black characters something like half a teardrop to represent a wider rounder nose and some coloring/shading around the lips to show they're bigger rather than a lip outline could be a good way to represent facial diversity without breaking the art style and looking like a caricature
When it got to the 3rd one my first reaction was THAT'S A MOUTH???? Right until it was clarified I was *sure* it was like a scar or a birthmark??? Holy moly  that's uncanny o_o
Please if you do more of this series (which i hope you do) redesign Sisu, because what they did to her made me refuse to watch the movie and completely took me out of it when I finally did watch it
These were all so much better than the originals. Usually, when it comes to redraws,I end up harshly disagreeing with artists choices but not this time. You actually understood the assignment and did leagues better than their pervy and racist creators did.   My only gripe is that, while big lips are a negative stereotype, they are a trait of black men and women so to axe that from the design (when it just needed some reducing and reshaping) feels like you took all racial traits away from the character. Basically, you could color fill the new version with a Caucasian color palette and no one would know it used to be a black character.   I understand not wanting to go there tho.
I lulu 13 and in most of the  show she like humans also she lives and wrecks and live with humans
The dragon maid one kind of reminds me of Ariel from "So I'm a Spider So What?" but more on the monster side, which is pretty cool!
I definetly prefer all of your redesigns over the original designs. Please do more videos like this were you redesign popular characters from anime and cartoons ^^👌🏻💕 Also, I didn't know you used to draw Invader Zim fanart. I joined the fandom myself, not long ago 😂👍🏻
with the llulu redesign compared to the original. the original looks like they would say "UwU am dragon" but with the redesign llulu looks like they would say "i just killed your entire family " or "i just killed every dog on earth"
hmmm im not a fan of the krone redesign, now she just looks like a white person with darker skin
9:43 I genuinely thought that her mouth below the eye was a like, a bandage or tp represent its tired, but overall I like her design
You handlers all of them beautifully! You should make this into a series and do a part 2!
they uploaded again very nice
about sister krone: i honestly think the design fits her character and what do ppl expect? if they were to design her as isabella they'd get angry cuz she doesn't have the same features as other black people. i never saw anything wrong with the design cuz people are different! i have black friends with big flat noses, small button noses, thin lips, thick lips etc. if anything i love the fact that sister krone looks "different" from the other black anime characters, it stands out but also shows other "black" features. idk man ppl will complain regardless haha
Great video I think the first character design didn't really fit with the personality but it look good
this is amazing!!
E
Love your videos
7:16 what's the name of this anime? I really liked the art style and the story but i never found the name  (The one she's using as a reference of black anime characters)
For a show all about the dragon girls, Dragon Maid has horrible character designs for them. None of them look like dragons, they're just regular anime girls with weird horns and tails. I highly prefer the monster girl designs from Monster Musume.
Speaking as a black person, I think you failed to capture the body proportions of an average black woman in your redesign of sister krones. Most black women resemble her original design especially older women and I think the anime captured that better than most anime do, I agree that the manga’s design is terrifying but I don’t feel offended in any way by the design at all And even if it alludes to that black nanny in a white household stereotype, we have to remember that it is a dystopian setting where they are forced to breed and be eaten like cattle.  Edit Also your design of sister krones face lost all the Black charm she had, she has a nose uncharacteristic of black ppl (small and angular) and most of if not all black ppl have thick lips (tho the manga was an exaggeration) It’s just how it is
Whether you think it's unintentionally racist or not, the faces of Isabella and Sister Krone tell a lot about their personalities. Isabella is drawn with a very generic female anime character face when she's smiling or talking, but that innocent face is a good opposite to her scary gaze when she's eyeing Emma and the others. Plus, she rarely shows her emotions so it makes sense that she would have something of a doll-like face without exaggerated features. Meanwhile, right from the start, it's clear Sister Krone is Isabella's opposite. She gives constant exaggerated expressions and is quite energetic and animated. Her facial structure is quite different to Isabella's for obvious reasons, but this also helps to make some of the more questionable expressions from Krone all the more unsettling. I don't mean in a racist way, or rather, I didn't find it racist, but an example would be the image in the video where Krone is lurking behind a tree. Her mouth is a bit comically large, but it draws emphasis to her creepy-ass expression. Krone's most intense moments wouldn't be nearly as memorable if she was given generic female face treatment.   I'm not black, so I can't really say what is and isn't racist in regard to black people, but from an artist's standpoint, I felt that her comically exaggerated features matched her comically bizarre personality.
Heyo! Whoever's reading this, how are you doing? /gen
I always thought that Sister Krone was supposed to come off VERY intimidating- I never really thought of it as a racist kinda situation lol
Mbti types as people would be so nuce
If we’re talking about questionable, possibly racist anime designs then is there anyway we can redo the Terraformars cockroach design? Still make them somewhat humanoid but also otherworldly mutated cockroaches without making them look like 10 foot black dudes with huge eyes. PS I know their designs are based off homo erectus but seriously just look at them
These designs bring great Joy
9:35 I can't unsee that 😀
hi! any chance you can do chibi art? :3 i love your vids!!!!
Yeah sister crone is a tuff one because she's written very well, it's just her appearance in certain scenes that are a bit yikes. For me personally her Manga appearance makes me really uncomfortable as a poc, but I'm actually okay with her anime appearance. But everyone is gonna have different feelings about it and that's valid.
I would like to see you draw and design your own version of Sonic.ExE because I think it could be so much better than just a color swap of BASE FORM Sonic.
= }
i have a theory for why sister krone was stylized like that when isabela, one of the other antagonists, wasn't. at the beginning of the story, Emma, ray, and Norman all thought highly of isabela. she played a caring mother type role. you'll notice, however, that isabela can turn from that caring mother character to someone who only cares about the success of the grace field plant in an instant. sister krone, on the other hand, was introduced after the main cast knew the secret of the house, so there wasn't a reason for her to have a visibly caring side. it's written from the kids' point of view, so they probably thought of her more negatively. her style of care is more physical play/activity while isabela's is more fake empathy. sister krone simply didn't need a very soft looking stylization. i am pretty white so this could be totally wrong but her stylization did serve a purpose.
Coming from a black person, I think it’s fine to give black characters big lips, a lot of black people do. But when it’s straight up blackface (ex, mr popo from dragonball ) then it’s bad. You can make black villains. Just don’t make every villain black.
At first I thought Becky had no mouth and the nose was a nose. Until you showed the mouth and the nose does look like a hole
Loved your approach the overhaul interpretations, as long its not a toxic opnion, are all valid imao as long as you respect the original material,  theres no harm in doing a re-interpretation of a character Some people prefer a simple approach to a character design and others like to add lots of stuff and called it a day
I feel like if dragon maid was written by a woman it would have been so much better. It really reminded me of how femininity and beauty in this age is all really masked paedophilia. Eg: Short, gentle, soft skin, no body hair.. Ect. I just explained a child.  Dragon maid is really a good concept, pretty funny at times too.. But it could have been written SO much better...
The second rendition of Becky would fit really nicely in Beastars. Love the design!
Epic
Holy shit i assumed becky had no mouth lmao i mistook it for a scar
Another really bad character design I think is Shun-Ei from KOFIV. It's just a mess, it's trying to do everything in the cool anime teenage protagonist book, and it's got no main colors!
If sister krones personality was different I would have definitely given it a pass, but pairing up almost minstral like designs with an aggressive, intimidating, and scary personality is a big red flag. Her features are just fine, and I think one of the main problems with her design is how her natural hair is drawn. It's not your base afro, it's not turning into locks, it looks more like what you would mockingly draw a black person's hair as rather than what it is.
Can you please draw your own versions of my YouTube art?
this made my day! i read sister krone as 45. i loved tuff puppy! :)
Nothing could have prepared me for the psychic damage I was inflicted with upon seeing Becky's original design...
3:03 Well I think her boobs are actually some kinda fire containers and she struggles with her shape shifting magic.  So I guess dragon fire breath comes from these giant flame eggs and she struggles to shrink them down into boob form.  I might or might not be completely wrong.
HELP THE ONE AT 9:40 IS SO CURSED😭
Hot take: sister Crones isn't racist because she wasn't designed with hate towards the black community in mind, and quite honestly, big lips on a black character don't automatically mean it's racism anyway.
Ok, one question, why did u put sister krone in the thumbnail? Im not trying to be rude or anything just wondering.
It really looks like a hole huh Now I'll never be able to unsee it
Alright so I wanna say my opinion as a black person I don’t hate sister Krone’s design, I just hate how it’s presented. You can tell the artist made it to mimic a certain stereotype and the fact the Krone is made to seem scary. Obviously in that situation, y e a h. But they didn’t do the same with the “mother” until much later. They made Krone an unhinged woman with no control over her emotions which is a stereotype that has been used for black women so many times.  With that being said, please implement black features into her ;w;  I love your style to death but I couldn’t help but notice the lack of an ethnic nose and down with the thiccness lips.
Ima be honest, keep this a stack solid. Sister crone is someone I wouldn’t want to see in my nightmares.
Nice vid
ILULU GOT BIG CHEST BECAUSE THOSE ARENT BOOBS! THEY ARE FIRE SACS!
I love how lavendertowne actually gave Ilulu a cool design instead of just cutting her chest and called it better.
Please make a part two
Oki quick question what brush y\do you use in procreate and in other apps? Like for colouring, inking, sketching, the full set. PLEASE     *screams internally*
Animes usually have good character designers and some of them are barely recognizable. I would know this since I watched some anime myself. And NO Dinosaur King isn't a bad anime since I first discovered it from watching gameplays and commercials. It was a fun experience when I was a kid.
ilulu was defiantly made by a predator  glad you redesigned it.
in my opinion having characters having told different art styles is great
tbh all the characters in tuff puppy have their mouths directly under their eye
I thought becky was like gromit (no mouth) but she just had an eye tattoo, but then... i hit me
I love watching your videos because they're full of witty observations and creative ideas and always make me want to pick up a pencil and draw😊❤️
i honestly love your character redesigns!
Hi :D
Yeah...when you ruined Illulu's design, you lost my respect. Never listen to virtue signallers.
to me, a girl in Ilulus age, I don't feel as if she looks anything more like a child than anyone else in the show, everyone has that styleasation (ex. Kobayashi has big eyes, round head but is still an adult yet no one questions it.)-- but I can see how people would associate her being childish due to her being short. still, she's one of my favorites.
I’m inspired to try this myself now you did an amazing job with all three
When you were describing the first character I thought it was from like a fantasy modern type thing but when I first saw her I literally spit out my water that I was drinking 🤣
Okay this is a pinion wise but sister krone is fine she looks great her art styles amazing some people not see it the way I see it but in my opinion some people look to deep and things and get sensitive about it sister Krone is one of them. ps: This is not an insult
911 is this lavendertowne? yes i'd like to report how horrible my drawings are.    i'm quite proud of what i draw but i've been trying to go to more of an anime style and i'm kinda failing and idrk how to find my own style or at least one that i like  +anatomy tips? i love your style so much omg
2:26 eyo new top surgery just dropped?
I personally liked Sister crone I thought she was a bit more of Mother figure in the show but thats just me. And I did watch Tuff puppy growing up but I didn't remember Becky she did look a bit werid I too thought her nose was a hole at first so I like the way you re-drew her
You're missing the point of her character design, I get the argument that she looks too youthful, but it's because she's supposed to have an inherent innocence that she's incapable of hiding, she doesn't hate humans but she tells herself she hates them, because she has to hate them, even when trying to be sinister her best attempt would be mildly grumpy, she's the type of character that you're supposed to be able to look at and say "they're not a bad person".   Also, they're dragons, their human form reflects nothing of their actual strength, and they aren't thinking about moving around in that form, as I recall they design it based off of what they want from it, including the outfit, she only ever wore the cape and thong because she thought capes are normal, and was trying to seduce Kobyashi to make Torouh see how easily manipulated humans are, and that she doesn't really care about her. This of course was based off a false impression of her relationship to Kobyashi, also that she thought she was a man, which wasn't really relevant, but she was so confident she was right she turned Kobyashi into a man to prove it would work and continued to fail.
For sister Krone i agree with most things except dont draw them the same as your white characters.... Sister Krone is a BLACK women she needs black features, for example dont draw her nose the same as a white characters nose. Theres no use in having a black character without black features. Everything else about the design is amazingly done tho, the nose just bothered me xD
I love these redesigns!!! In particular I love how in the first one you didn't remove her chest because I notice with many "fixes" they do that and that makes me feel sometimes that having a bigger chest is seen as inherently wrong which isn't true so I'm glad it can still be part of the design! Also with sister krone as someone who is half black her design totally rubbed me the wrong way with how it didn't even fit in with the art style, it honestly felt mocking and also she did look way too old so I'm glad you gave her that young energy back!! Oh and the dog's nose at the end totally looked like a hole it freaked me out lmao
YEEEEEEI
i remember seeing sister krone and being like "i don't necessarily think this is wrong but i also don't think it's right..." idk if that's understandable but i didn't think it was problematic, however it did bother me that the artists made it so different from other characters like Isabella
As a black person  they made her lips and nose accurate to real life   But I get that maybe making black people the original style would be better but the creator may be wanting to base it off real life.  But why make her look like a 30-50 year old if she’s in her 20’s man   (yea ik that people do have that problem looking old but if every character looks accurate to their age then make her look her actual age-)  So I like lavendertowne’s re-worked character because it looks like she’s in her actual 20’s and she fits the style
IMMEDIATE FAVOURITE VIDEO
Hi!
People tend to forget that all female characters have the same face in Dragon Maid. And let's be honest, that's the only issue people have is her breasts, it was never her young appearance (despite claiming to be the same age as Tohru) that is what people are using as an excuse for.
Love the video. Butch gonna be pissed you dare challenge Jim xD
For the sister krone one, im pretty sure her design was supposed to be, shes creepy and scary but she also just happens to be black, nothing really offensive. But i kinda feel like her lip fullness could be justa bit tone down but not completely gone. And i dont think giving her a pointy nose was a good idea  there wasnt anything bad with her nose before  Edit: acthally nvm i feel like her nose took like 70% of her face, but i still dont think her with a pointy nose wouldve been a go to
I love this idea!! Make more😁
Character redesigns were cool but I absolutely despise the way you pronounce “coyote”
I love your art style
I love lavender town. Some anime designs are ehhhhhh not that good-
As a busty person I really appreciated that you kept the bustiness as a character design feature on the first piece. Its so rare to see a character that is truly VERY busty without them being overly sexualized or made into comedy fodder. It makes me so sad that that's how some people apparently see my body and me as a person just because of something I couldn't control. But interesting and realistic and cool representation of people with big boobs or with body fat can really change the conversation and help ppl see us as fully fledged interesting people. Yet another flat chested anime girl, while better than the original design, wouldn't have been as unique or interesting or special.
This is such a good video! I love how you brought up more important and controversial design topics. I think you did an awesome job not just chopping off Ilulu’s chest, and really embraced a body type that we don’t get to see enough of. As for the others, I think that you are totally right about the stylization of black characters, and I really enjoy your redesign, as it fits so much better with her storyline, and isn’t singling her out for her race, style-wise. As for Becky, I didn’t even notice her lips at first, just thought there was a hole in her face 😂. Anyway, great video, hope you have a great day Hayley!
I just wanna say I appreciate how you handled the 1st one(haven't seen the rest yet). It really bothers me when people take a character like that and try to "fix" it by just completely removing their chest, implying that large bust is just inherently sexual/sexualised. Like people often act like just the fact alone that she's 16 and has big boobs is inappropriate, when really the issue is in how it's portrayed (esp combined with everything else about her character design)
I'm not sure about those videos of "fixing" character designs. I would rather watch someone make their own characters than watch someone arbitrary remaking existing ones.
I never noticed that the black woman in The Promised Neverland could be offensive, maybe because she looks so much like my aunt I just ignored the stereotypes . But now thinking about it, it makes sense, thanks for making me see through other people's perspective  with this video
one of these days I'd love to see a tutorial on how to draw anthropomorphic characters! I love the way you draw anthros and some tips would help a ton
8:06 The way it turned out!! I could never imagine her as pretty as you redraw her!!
girlie you slayed these designs tho
The first one definitely looks 16 with your design! Like moody teenager vibe who is edgy and more mature but doesn’t look like an adult because ,well obviously because she isn’t yet and is still a kid without looking like an elementary schooler
AAAAA YOUR ILULU DESIGN I love it, I really enjoy how you made her actually look 16 in human years, and didn't hack off her chest, cause when other people do that it's basically body shaming more busty women. Beautiful job as always!!!
a new video yay🎉😮❤
Initially I was pretty nervous when I saw the title of this video, but you actually didn’t go the route I thought you were gonna. Because a lot of people just go the route of being pretty racist when they do things like this.
the last design is so weird, like how did that get approved sndjxajaj
Holy shit based LavenderTowne???
10:56    wait *w h a t ?*
I dont really have strong opinions on anime or even se a lot of it, but still love the video
Oh I love what you did with Ilulu! I don’t even watch this anime but I feel like this matches so well!
For everyone else who wonder. Ilulu bust size isn’t from fat but instead her flame sac…  Technically those are organs, I mean all that mass and power has to go somewhere.   *Lillie shrug like Tohru*  Rule of basic Alchemy, she is also barely know humanity / chaotic faction. Lol.
I know this is dumb but I haven't even watched the video yet and I think I saw Tohru from dragon maid in the thumbnail idk I might be blind and my heart just broke</3 (it's fine if you dislike her or her design, I don't care that much)
This is one of the main reasons why I don't watch the first character's anime, I saw the first episode and I admit that the comedy and animation are very interesting, but seeing so many things that bother me make me feel like it's not worth watching at the expense of my psychological 😅 nothing against those who like it and can handle it better, but I don't like the kind of thing that happens in the episodes, it's too much for me 😌
I don't mind sister krone's design in the anime  at least
If I hadn't missed the community post I would have said Mike Meekins from Ace Attorney. I can't stand anything about that guy, but the fact that he's in a completely different artstyle is just the cherry on top. Seeing him in frame with any other character in the normal style makes me want to throttle him, especially when his expressions are exaggerated when he yells. Edit: I just looked up some fanart and when he's in the same artstyle as the rest of the characters I hate him significantly less. Inspired by the video, I tried to put him in something similar to the normal style. It's by no means high-quality, but it's linked in my channel description if you want to see it
Oh my gosh they are all so cute!
(Slight spoiler warning for The Promised Neverland)     When I first saw The Promised Neverland, I always just thought that Sister Krone was stylized that way to exaggerate how she was new and was symbolic to how the main trio saw her as extremely scary and unhinged ._.
i love these types of vids <3
I was pleasantly surprised on sister krone. lavendertowne did such an amazing job!!
"characters can def be built curvaceously without them being inherently sexualized" YES THANK YOU NOT ENOUGH PPL UNDERSTAND THAT
Your redisign of sister Krone is adorable!! The others are amazing too but I find sister Krone really cute! (maybe because she's the only one I know lol)
I’m sorry but I’ve never been a fan of the human Dragon Maid designs in general I just can’t get into it
I can’t tell you how long I’ve been waiting for a new vid lol
"Lop 'em off" *shing!*🗡
I love Michiko and Hatchin so much I’m so glad other ppl know it too
these are so cute
Oh no, I can already hear Hero Hei clattering away at his keyboard over this video. I just know it.
Haley's design is amazing and this video just proves how skilled she is. She is such an amazing artist.
I absolutely adore your art! I love the redesigns! <3
I adore your art style. And I agree, Idk why they made the first one look young.
YAHH
As a black person I dont think Sister Krones design is offensive because when i was in trouble as a kid, thats basically what i saw, a crazy mad black woman that im in trouble with. Just crank up the crazy and you get sister krone. I actually like her design, not that Lavendres redesign is bad but i dont really think that its offensive, but i do see why others think it is.  Edit: her design does stand out from everyone else but its kinda goofy, and i like that
I really do like how you designed the characters
I totally forgot how bad Butch Hartman's characters got.
Me: gets cat called Lavendertowne: posts Me: I'm feeling better
OMG 1ST TIME BEING SO EARLY TO ANY VIDDD I LITTERALY LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH
The first design genuinely infuriates me, thank you for fixing it
LMAOOO I REMEMBER TUFF PUPPY I TOTALLY WASN'T EXPECTING A CHARACTER FROM THERE
also in the anime, ilulu says that she's old enough to marry and have children. no hate, just pointing that out :)
well idk about giving her smaller lips, it's just like copping out with chopping off Ilulu's boobs. she can still have big lips, just don't exaggerate them, y'know? and this isn't hate towards Lavendertowne, but she also just kinda... made them small
*twitter has entered the chat*
I think that ilulu look so hot, pun intended you made her went from good to absolutely amazing.   It’s a drastic redesign but it fit her well.
As Black person, I don't understand the hate for Sister Krones design. I don't see the racist issues that ppl think, I feel her creepiness in looks adds to the grimmer tone of the story and she's just a lovable antagonist
All these anime designs are perfectly fine it’s just your opinion they fit Perfectly into their anime
pov: your day was incomplete until you got a notification that lavendertowne posted
YESSS ESRLY
Ok am I the only own who doesn't mind illulu is a really sweet girl who has a wonderful affect on the story
Oh hey, I think this is the earliest I've been to a lavendertowne video!
AH im so excited for this video
Okay; to explain Ilulu As I’ve heard, the entire point of her character is that she is bad at shapeshifting. Dragons hold their magic in their chests, and because she’s new to shapeshifting they’re big as she can’t get the right proportions. I can understand the hatred for her design though, but I find it really funny that people go in blind and start barking (Twitter, I’m looking at you) And also be careful, don’t use the excuse “it’s not possible/her back must hurt” because that’s kinda body shaming, that cup size does exist        PS: I’ve never actually watched the show so this is me going in blind explaining what I know. Terribly albeit
Wow! I really like your Illulu redesign. Looks a lot more fitting and more natural.
Ilulu is supposed to be a fully grown adult just felt like mentioning, everything else is great and makes sense, you had some very pretty redesigns :]
Ilulu is like when you put all your points in 1 stat in a game
yey you posted!    i just read all of your webtoon, I love you :]   Not in a creepy way, you rlly helped me find my art style
Early! :) sort of
I always thought Ilulu's design was a little ridiculous 😄
6:06 personally, i have no problem with her original design (coming from a black person). they actually did very well compared to a lot of animes. i dont know what fans would have wanted. a thin lipped, straight haired, small nosed black person? i think they got the features right, but i cannot tell anyone how to feel. edit: i haven't read the manga and it does look bad 😟 I understand why people think its offensive and can see it. (Cannon Busters is a good black anime with characters drawn properly if you'd like to check that out :])
Awesome video!
I personally think Li Lu's redesigns looks a bit too old now
That dog design is scary and jump scares me every time I see it lol. Thank you for making the redesign! It looks really cool
I like sister krones manga design....I dont think her anime design is that bad either. She has black features?
Literally love all of the vids that Lavendertowne puts out <33
I send nothing but good vibes your way Lavander. I hope you don't get any weeb creeps in your comment section.
Omg Becky from tuff puppy looks like a nightmqre
I've never been this early! :o
I like that you didn't just chop off Ilulu's chest and call it better. It always comes off as bodyshaming to me when people do that. Also, thank you for redesigning her cape. Her design was almost so cool and then they ruined it with that ridiculous thong. And her casual outfit is beyond saving… it’s so ugly.
The arm in the first redesign reminds me of chises dragon curse from the ancient magus bride
Ilulu looks so good!!!! I love the way you drew her
Great video
I'm not going to lie ,, nothing seemed to change with sister krone? All that happened is that her nose changed.
The first one- (I was definitely not expecting her lol, still love her though)
i love your art style sm!
Awesome 😎
You are cool 😎
FINALLY. SOMEBODY POINTED OUT THE OTHER STORY PROBLEMS WITH ILULU
earlyyyyy
I agree and am glad you pointed out how wrong the designs are. Also, are you going to be doing more of these, they are very well done! Edit: You made them all look beautiful and crisp when you did, I always admired yout art style. Its goth but creep cute in a way.
Anybody else agrees that listening to her voice is so soothing. In fact the channel is extremely soothing.  As for the video. The first design honestly scared me I thought it was photoshopped 😂 I still would recommend all these animes in case anybody wants to try them out yourself even if you don't like the designs lol.  The second design definitely hot different for me. As a POC I felt a little uncomfortable with her design. I appreciate the representation and the attempt but, I never found the reason why I didn't like it.
I just got the notification of the video right now
I love your art it keeps me to get going on my own 'art' :D
“Just lop em’ off” -Lavendertowne 2022
Just HOW did the wackiest anime designs get approved… 😂
NEON GENESIS EVANGELION ??? *beginning gifs*))
:D
YES I LOVE THIS VIDEOOOOOOOO  I HATE ANIME DESIGNS SOMETIMES CAUSE THEY'RE ALWAYS SO WEIRD TOWARDS KIDS OR RACIST OMG
Wow look it's like 3 minutes old
Ngl I was just thinking: Someone from The Promised Neverland is gonna be in this.
i love how lavenders design is both cute and kinda creepy
I'm almost predicting a cancellation by a character in that thumbnail 😭
Oh hype
I missed the notification since I was trying to figure out what to do
wake up babe lavendertowne posted
❤❤ I love some of the character designs, but ok
I thought I clicked so fast but I was the 150th like-
hey lav, i've been watching u since i was 7, love u sm! 😻😻
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Hello!
Beautiful designs ✨ thanks
We know it's a good day when Lavendertowne posts
Oohh
I get so happy when she uploadsss
Thank you god bless this woman!!!!
joe
AAAAH! Love your work!
𝙸 𝙻𝙾𝚅𝙴 𝚈𝙾𝚄𝚁 𝙰𝚁𝚃
Can’t wait to see your redesigns! I’m very excited
I love it!
I can already tell this is going to be good
Wow
*falls into room* I CAME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, I’M HERE, LET’S GO
Yay
Hiiii!!!
i cant wait to see the pissed off weebs in the comments
💕💕💕
:)
<3 love you Lavs!!
