Want more? Get my free YouTube Hack Pack with my best tips, tools & templates to grow on YT: https://www.YTHackPack.com
24 hours?
The lack of natural light makes me so sad for the crew. 😢
mom and dad???
They really came so far, God bless them❤
this is kinda funny to watch now that anthony's almost never on smosh stuff anymore
Ian's shoes are FIRE
This was really cool to see a tour of the space!
People dont give enough credit to how hard Iand and Anthony worked to make sure people could keep enjoying Smosh
HOW DOES NO ONE NOTICE THEY'RE MATCHINGGGG
Dam they have this much money
I love anthony and i am glad that he returned , but the way that Ian remembers the cost of many things and how important is to make videos in block make realize, after defy they were in a chaotic place and i am sure that mythical help them but Ian was there in all thise times
The thing that I find interesting is that Smosh and Rhett & Link still do a lot of stuff with each other. It really shows how much better the relationship with R&L as the owners over how it was under Defy.
I'm gonna have to watch this multiple times to build Smosh Studios in Sims 4.
You should be so proud of yourselves! I have been watching your videos since the start of food wars. Now my 15 year old son is a big fan. You guys have done amazingly. Congratulations from an OG fan❤❤
Since Anthony joined back, this channel has been better than ever. Ian and anthony, the directors and producers, great cast.
Going through all their old stuff and remembering their old videos you start to realise how creative they actually are/were they were just kids when they started and somehow produced some of the best stuff on youtube to this day
ian really did continue to build smosh up for the six years and i’m so proud of him
ian hecox is my favourite person alive rn
I'm so happy that Anthony's team was amenable to becoming part of the Smosh team and that he's been able to continue making the content he has been for the last while alongside contributing to his legacy at Smosh. No one had to leave anything behind and everyone is better for it. It is so incredible and I am so happy for both of them.
Need to find a way to join smosh
Brennan outside the kitchen 😂
Idk why but to me, ian got that Dad look while anthony got that Daddy look.
Not Snack Nickelson getting a cameo
I like how their clothes match as far as color😊
I like how there are two women in leadership, I hope there's more diversity to come
Ian looks so happy describing everything, with vivid details & references. I'm so happy Ian & Anthony are back together ✨✨
The shoot blocks thing is interesting, and it really showcases how serious and well-structured they have to be to create so much content.
i can't imagine having to film 6 videos in a day lol, especially with one of them being a low-key, kind of intimate type of podcast video lmao idk how they switch on and off like that, props to shayne and Amanda fr
300k is not so bad lol, or maybe i misunderstood and it was for only that one room lmao. cool space tho lol
I think this is something amazing for all of us that grow up with Smosh, and also for the internet itself? Because, Smosh was the first in a lot of things and this whole story is just, amazing, them making a whole entire company, Ian keeping it afloat for years, Reth and Link for being AMAZING and giving them the ability to keep going (Seriously, they are incredible creators and human beings) and Anthony coming back after he healed to join his kid basically once again. Life is good guys.
Those of you who are familiar with the Smosh crew know EXACTLY which AP put up that giant glamour photo of Ian. 🤣
its actually SO crazy to see how Smosh has evolved and how impressive this set is
This is insane. This has got to be one of the best studios that any YouTuber has built.
This is really like a professional theatre company and i love it
You guys hiring?
So inspiring to see how far Ian and Anthony have come since their early days when I watched them as a kid! Loved this video, great work as always Jon!
Meanwhile everybody who has watched smosh hide and seek is getting deja vu lolol
Advertising a scam therapy company because you gain money is just greed.
This guy at 14:45 was like "This is a significant moment, time to show my teeth!!" lmao
I really wanna know how you emply 30+ ppl even when cast members take on multiple roles like editor, writer and director. Likw what jobs do you come up with for the rest of the people
I mean I don't have the details of what they do but 36 employees to manage a social media chanel seems fucking insane
Why are the people in the office so dull?
8:40 SNACK NICHOLSON LMAO 10:10 JOSH IS HOLDING BACK A LAUGH BEHIND THEM LMAOOO  this video is amazing, thank you
miss the boxman era
1:30 is Anthony Seth Rogan's cousin? Anthony's laugh sounds similar to Seth Rogan's laugh. Am I the only one hearing this???!!
1:50 God bless the Smosh fan
Ians wax figure is straight up just Adam Devine
At least the leadership is balanced: 2 male owners and 2 female executives.
I love this video! when the next video release?
Congrats for 400k 🎉🎊
Now imagine if Smosh and Rhett and Link could work together and buy G4 from Comcast, and relaunch it it correctly and bring back some of the familiar faces from that.
#studioaspirations 😅 I would've just loved to see a bit more context for what their complete journey. Not knowing the full story I feel a bit lost.
Vxx
anthony is dressed like a jojo villain
1:30 why is this oddly wholesome
Smosh will soon be number one channel again
the fact that these 2 guys have fun while working is something you shouldnt take for granted and what they build
mythical was definitely such a good influence on them, mythical is run so well, so they just took a few pages from their book
10:30 As someone whose had to migrate on-prem to cloud for large media, *DAMN* I want a full video on that rig.  I assume it’s a split data rig for video wired to intranet, and also hosting their merch site. The combo of high-speed storage and hosting makes me happy seeing it all on-premises. :)
Ian explaining Snack Nicholson is so damn funny
10:00 the reason why we don’t get ian is bored videos anymore
Safe to say that anyone working at Smosh is never buying any Halloween costume lmao
Let's go Smosh
I really need to see footage of when they announced they were buying Smosh back
11:17 reminds me of courtney’s impression of ian
OMG OMG OMG! I have seen this and watch this video on YouTube and it was awesome! I love Ian and Anthony because they are two wild and crazy goats! 🐐🐐 I love the tour of the Smosh studio! If I ever went to the Smosh studio, I would be very happy! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
why do they have a Criket machine  set up lol?
is it just me who wants to see new Smosh do stuff with opera gx social. i feel like that would be super fun content.
Imagine now that Anthony is back Ian decides to leave lmao
13:30 I like the reference to Apple about sharing ideas….one company created the iPhone and the other made a video last week about a magic 8 ball.   Apples and oranges.
yo Jon when is the interview video dropping? legit cannot wait.
this seems weird with it being just ian and Anthony representing smosh since smosh hasn't been ian and Anthony for a decade now the newer cast and crew have carried all channels for years now and for Ian and Anthony to be like look at all the stuff we've done (especially Anthony since he hasn't even been apart of smosh for like 7 years) when it wasn't their work, just feels wrong and disrespectful to the cast and crew.
Saw the charlie the guinea pig plush/toy at 3:30, one of my favorite series of videos, would love to see a special appearance in the new smosh skits of him
I love watching this and seeing how structured and well planned everything is behind the scenes of the goofy content they put out for us. I was really impressed with how grounded Ian was and how much he knew about how everything operated. Just shows how he managed to make everything work during the years they were under Mythical Studios to now with Ian and Anthony both owning Smosh.
That place is epic! 😮
<3 awww molester moon 🌚
great video
Ian is a replicant
great video but do some background checks on your sponsors, betterhelp are a bunch of crooks
We gotta test the acoustics and see how the sound dampening works against shayne
Fuck Youtuber's mansions, I want THIS kind of flexing!
seeing ian as more than just the comic relief is super refreshing, he takes his time with his words and is very passionate
Anthony looks like he would sell Cocaine in 1980's miami
love how they cant contain their ideas :) i love smosh it gives me such a nostalgic vibe and i cant get enough
Amazing studio! Keep growing SMOSH and you too Jon! 👍
100k server umm i hope that he was joking and i just missed the joke cuz a good server would be like 1k to 10k max and i mean if someone wants to you can make a server for like 800$
Jacqi being like.. 😯
4:55 Ian gots that dilf vibe going on
Why did Ian dress like a dad in the video?
Great video! Subbed! It’s crazy and emotional how far Smosh have gotten from two young teens lip syncing theme songs and doing their own sketches in their parents house. Wild to know have actual offices and people working for them like a regular job! Absolutely fantastic! 🙏  7:30 Disclaimer tho, stay away from BetterHelp and stop promoting them! The therapists on it are not trained professionals, they are awful! https://youtu.be/jb8ha5MZGTY?si=AfWlD81SMe8Cdd7b and the company, which is now under investigation, threatens ACTUAL therapists https://youtu.be/pArM2GyHX4g?si=Ic2c5nRWU8cXGncK
I love how the Flashback with Smosh set feels a bit reminiscent of Anthony’s I Spent a Day With set with the fireplace and chairs
5:21 “unless Shayne screams” 😂
I love smash so much
They cloned Colin and Samir into one person
Better help is such a horrible company to work with/ do a sponsorship with. countless examples of how BetterHelp exploits people in a mental health crisis with unreliable, and sometimes dangerous "professionals" on the other end. Would NEVER recommend using the app, let alone working with the company for a sponsorship
what an amazing space - love the flashback stage! so awesome mementos from the past are displayed ❤
Unless shayne screams then yeah the soundproofing is good  lol
So proud of these 2. From their humble bedroom beginnings to creating an empire, bravo 👏🏼😄
Cowchop was ahead of its time
5:20 What I was gonna say. 😆💀😆
Honestly, while I was near Smosh content n liked some of their early stuff by virtue of being a millennial growing up in the late 90s/early 00s who was chronically online due to my hobbies and precocious nature...I never really considered myself a genuine "Fan" of theirs. I re-found them through their TNTL content randomly in 2020, and the last 3 years has seen me grow to love them, and in a way through them, reconnect with childhood memories and passions.  If you had asked 15 year old Eon, back in 2008, "are you a big Smosh fan"; I probably would've said 'Not really...kinda dumb and obnoxious at times. At least they're not Fred or Orange.' if you had asked 25 year old Eon, back in 2018, "Are you a Smosh fan"; I would've likely said 'wait they're still around?'. But now? I can genuinely say I'm a fan. And not only am I fan, but I think they represent the best of what a creator can be, and how one can utterly fuck up, and how you can still recover.  I'm jealous of the cast and crew of Smosh for what seems like a pretty solid 'family' they've built (I loathe to use that word because we all know how misused it can be by companies) but it genuinely just seems like such a great place to work and not just for the creative freedom. I would not be at all surprised if that sentiment is influenced by the vibe/focus of the Mythical company/crew during their time as the owners. I hope this time round goes far better for Anthony, Ian, and the whole Smosh crew...and this time, I'm along for the ride. They finally got me :^)
Live streaming will be sick!
Ian looks like a dad trying to be more relevant to his children’s generation but talking with his friends flexing about his garage.
Enough of these absolute cringetwinks and their mindless trash videos
This studio really reflects the positive impact Mythical had on them. I can see many similarities to ME. I love the history of Smosh.
I like how Anthony acts like he's been in this studio for years!!
what do you mean quitt yotube to do full time creator, , this IS youtube no??
SMOSH NEED TO LOCK UP THAT SERVER BEFORE A UNDERGROUND HACKER DISGUISED AS A DOORDASH GUY STICKS A THUMB DRIVE IN IT
Will we ever get mailtime with smosh again ?
15:34 fin.
8:22 sponsor skip
Absolutely adore that Ian basically shares his office with Anthony, you can tell that they are such good friends
So good to see Harry Osborne and Peter Parker back together again!
aughh this video was so gooddd
At the end of the day, they still go home to Ian's mom's house
Shouldnt their titles be founders not co-founders
Antwon wheres ghetto gamer
omg i remember when smosh the movie came out, me and my bsf at the time rented it tg :') what a time
You had to plug that Logan clip really?
I’m so happy it’s done!
people don’t give ian enough credit for keeping smosh going. his business partner and best friend left bc of menta, health and then defy media collapsed and he kept going!!
wow their studio looks cozy ngl
What do they need all of these employees for? The channel that gets them views requires like a group of 3-4 people.
Betterhelp:(
Amish has been industrialized. I’m honestly not sure if they’ll be able to keep an audience
Is there a video of them making that announcement to the Amish crew with Rhett and Link?
12:17 wish they had recorded that... No one thought about filming such an important moment of the company?? :/
10:30 really hope they have off-site backup of all of that 😅
8:44 SNACK NICHOLSON!!!  Courtney Miller: IAN NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
IAN AND ANTHONY WILL LIVE ON FOREVER IN EVERYONES HEART! AMAZING VIDEO!
Awesomr
i would love to know what the org chart looks like for a company like Smosh (or Mr Beast etc)!
i love how ian and anthony look next to each other. your well-to-do dad neighbor with a son who just got into first grade and your local emo overlord.
Its crazy the difference between Anthony and Ian 😢Ian is so much better 😅😊
I just love them.
i love seeing the everyone in the back and being able to recognize them  smosh is for real giving Chosen family
I will say this again as I have said it before. When Anthony returned to Smosh, it finally felt like it was healing again. There is no better feeling than to see two accomplished friends reuniting after so long apart.
Seing the Ian's enrichment area made me so happy
The fact that this all started as 2 friends shooting funny skit videos at a park in Sacramento is so crazy! Especially after everything else that happened.
14:35 no mention of tommy... lmao ok
It’s crazy to think that when I watch their videos, I never think that Ian and Anthony are businessmen with kid’s hearts at the end of the day
Everyone got real jealous of the Smosh Games set up after the make over 😂 Hearing that they did this out of their own pocket is incredible, and it sounds like it was an easy decision for them. I absolutely love the Smosh boys.
This makes my heart so happy. They were the first YouTubers I ever watched and now seeing hoe far they've come and how much the cast has grown it just makes me feel old and happy lol
Smosh thriving right now is helping me deal with Achievement Hunter dying.
I have a very important question, where's the LaCroix wall??
I'm so glad I didnt't kms now....joking joking.
Ok, Zoe is so fucking gorgeous 😍
I really love the Ian and Anthony dynamic. I'm so glad they were mature enough to reunite. So happy for them 😊
This was so cool to see the behind the scenes!!  Great vid!😊
Anthony came back and immediately makes one of his team the CEO. After Ian and his team kept Smosh alive. I love them both, but my intrusive thoughts won this time.
Honestly, if I was Ian, I would feel a bit of resentment towards Anthony. Ian stuck with it for years and Anthony essentially buys his way in after years of hardship than Ian weathered to keep Smosh a float. And the fact that Anthony refused to even collaborate during that time period and then all of the sudden become a co-owner again. I’ll admit, Ian is a better persona than I am if he doesn’t feel even a bit pissed off about it.
The love Ian and Anthony have for each other makes me so happy. Their love and friendship is genuinely so heart warming. I’m so glad they’ve rekindled their friendship. Ive missed them and im so glad theyre actually friends again.
Ian leaked how mythical shoots gmm!!!!
I know Smosh was great, but they beacme godly with the peaches.
really cool studio.  It's wild to me how many YouTubers are running legitimate media companies with tens of full time employees
ok but why does anthony look like a rock star on his day off and ian looks like his chill manager who happens to also be cute
It’s so crazy to me how many people thought smosh basically died when Anthony left. Their studio is MASSIVE! They did so well for themselves pushing content on all their different platforms. So happy they reunited and are running the show together again now though 🥰
this is amazing to watch, how these amazing videos are being made... always loved Ian and Anthony and their sense of humor appreciate the video very much :)
such a great legacy, dreams do come true
Maybe it's hyperbole, maybe it's not an apt comparison, I dunno, but I feel like Ian and Anthony reuniting gives me the closure I never got from Lennon & McCartney.
Anthony is ñike when steve jobs left apple and the reojined, LOL
Sucribed
omg, it’s the blue mole!!!
Oh shit…Guys…the Wi-Fi is on the whiteboard!!!!
That studio is so cool
it’s a sick ass studio ugh i love them
I hope they release the video of the announcement.
300k is stupidly good, in the UK you'd spend that on a 2 bedroom house
Sub cause of smosh this showed up in my feed I'll be binging your videos for the next few weeks good job guys
I’ve always been so obsessed with this Smosh studio, just the way every set could have multiple purposes, I just love it Sm 😭🤚🏻 And Anthony temporary pretty much sharing an office with Ian is just, god I’ve missed them together 😭🤚🏻
So they shoot 6 episodes of GMM in a day including the GMM mores for a week? That's crazy!
We need a 2nd smosh movie. Smosh 2: the smoshocalypse!
Ian is NOT beating the flat ass allegations
I'd never seen a video from you, but I really enjoyed it! I love when you can tell that a video has great quality, is really thought out, and that you'd done your research! Keep it going!
this is absolutely wild, i never realized how big that place was!
Let's go! So fun to edit this intro 🔥🔥🔥 Another banger Jon!
15:10 yea
14:30 yea interesting
14:00 interesting
13:28 interesting
12:50 yep
12:30 interesting
12:05 lol 😂
11:58 yea
11:40 yea
11:18 yep
10:58 uh
10:28 nice
9:17 lol
8:50 wow
6:58 yea
5:50 interesting
3:28 nice interesting
2:40 lol 😂
2:20 wow, yea interesting
0:50 interesting
Nice! /)
Loved this episode but please don't promote BetterHelp, they are very problematic
What
did everyone forget that BetterHelp is a scam? this is the third time i have seen an ad for them this week
$300,000 for the building studio they’re in with the additions they made? Honestly that sounds pretty good for the price and the size of their building
12:01 jon sounds SO MUCH like moist here
I miss the old smosh when Ian ran smosh alone without Anthony
Dang GMM shoots 20ish episodes in 1 week?
This fkin kicky walk all tours do going down a hall shows at Loc5
Shoutout to cuh dey boad guy
7:14 YouTuber talks about burnout while grinding an ad read. I just found that poetic
That studio is as insane as the story behind smosh as a brand and the changes it has had throughout the years, so stoked to see what the future holds for everyone in the smosh fam
They just have their server sitting out In the open like that ?
best youtubers ever in my opinion, i'm so glad they are back <3
Cool tour of the Smosh Office!! I was about to watch the newest SmoshCast vid when I saw this on the YouTube Homepage.
Give Anthony an office space now!
Its weird how ive got no personal relation to smosh, but i so desperately want to see them reclaim what they used to have. The whole story behind it all combined with a ton of nostalgia really just makes me root for smosh and i so hope that Ian and Anthony are happy with their decision
Sorry for taking away from Smosh but I didn't know that GMM shot all their episodes for the month in one week.
This is honestly my dream goal in life
Just an FYI better help has been legal issues with breaking HIPAA. I understand that you see others promote it like Anthony. Just because everyone promotes it doesn't mean it's a good company. Next time regardless if everyone promotes it look into it.
"Unless Shayne screams"😂😂
I honestly wonder what will have been considered "2020's fashion" a few decades from now.
ugh im just so happy to see anthony back in smosh. ive been a long time supporter, and even when anthony left i was still there watching smosh pit and smosh summer games. having anthony back and owning the company with ian is truly a blessing that no one thought would be possible
also this intro flows into the main content so seamlessly 🧠
shout out to Josh in the bg 👏
it’s like Jon read my mind lol. i’ve wanted this video so bad !
Their studio is amazing. The entire team's hard work and dedication made Smosh into this juggernaut that creates whimsy from hard work. I appreciate all their content and as a content creator, I go to them when I need a laugh. :D
8/9 videos EVERY WEEK?! Dude, the ca. 38 people working full time at the company makes sence 😯
Anthony looks like a club promoter and Ian looks like a fun dad but it works for them
It’s nice to see Jon, working with a new and small content company
Will Ian Is Bored come back? Will we see In Real Life videos for stuff like the modern Pokémon games? Will Cannon P3nis return with a vengeance?
I was expecting an actual new studio, but they’ve been using this space well before Anthony rejoined. This is Ian and Mythical that curated this space.
Yay! Ever since the hide and seek videos i just took those as a tour, I'm happy there's an actual tour :)
Idk why I thought they had like a crappy office building, but this looks sick
1:49 i couldn’t help but notice the typo on the date, it should have said 2011 instead of 2017 🤣  Anyways so cool that you got to tour their studio.👌🏼
The way they were looking at their plaque almost made me cry... those two have worked so hard for what they wanted in their lives. Them and the whole Smosh crew deserve nothing but the best.
Why did the ad read look like AI? It seemed like the fps dropped.
First time visiting this channel, but this was a great interview!
Can you get the old house back
at 12:00 minutes exact, that was very funny 😭
smosh sucks and anthony is a sociopath disliked
This is too niche for anyone else to like but I moved to Sacramento in 2005, sophomore in HS. Friends showed me Smosh and immediately thought they were hilarious. Met them at a local Dance Gavin Dance show in 2008 just randomly. NOW I watch Smosh back together and they use a 45 drive storage server that the company I work for invented??  I’m geeking.
You should of had 1 cast member hiding in the office during the interview Smosh for laughters
1:13 what the hell happened to the Ian bobblehead?? 😭
I honestly believe if Anthony and Ian want to make a second movie, they could base it off their real life story.
These days i watch any and all content with ian and anthony its like im emotionally dependent on these boys. this was such a great tour im rly excited for the interview
Ian and Anthony have opposite outfits on, how strange.
ok so the fact that anthony just shares ians office JUST MAKES ME SO HAPPY FOR SOME REASON
This is so cool!
This was so cool to watch! I love recognizing different sections of the set and recognizing parts of the office from the Shayne and Anthony hide and seek videos. It's so cool to see how far these two have come! Excited to see where they go from here, and thank you for such a cool video! Excited to see your interview with them!
The amount of well produced content that comes from so many sets here at around 300k really shows how much money is blown on those esports complexes
But where do they film the main sketches? It looks life they shoot them at a house and not at this studio
I loved the detailed look behind the scenes here.
It’s nice that they kept Board AF around from the old SG cast.
Amazing video! ❤️😍
i have zero idea how they got the money for any of this
Hell yeah! So happy for you guys! :D
Smosh the movie 2 except it's just about how awesome these 2 are
Impressive interview with very impressive people in an impressive studio.
this is so rad! i was watching Smosh Pit’s Hide and Seek video and I was very impressed with the studio!   i was literally thinking someone should make a tour of this
Super cool place, man. What a treat to be able to work on this. Loving those Bruce Lee posters!
Jon is out here consistently dropping some of the best content on YT about Creators and the 'Creator Economy'. Thanks for another epic episode and an insight into Smosh's BTS!
I just found myself here, hi guys 😊
I frequently get a sense of being a lone traveller in the world of YouTube, striving to  find a welcoming community. I sometimes feel as though the work I put my heart and soul into has vanished into a void of apathy. Even if the lack of motivation might be discouraging, a flame of drive still burns inside me. I'll keep making things and expressing my enthusiasm in the hopes that one day it may speak to someone.💔
