Why didn’t Debra Messing get this part?  I don’t understand!  She was made for it!
h
NICOLE Kidman best performance int opinion
It's "the little things" probably only I'd notice but cut to Madelyn Pugh talking about Lucy and Desi first meeting on RKOs Too Many Grils, 1940, camera cuts to RKO Studio gate and a 1952 Studebaker whips by, in 1940? Aside that it's a good movie!
音楽が素晴らしい
as a Hispanic that's had loved "I love lucy"...I did not like the cast portraying the characters. it should've been unknown actors that can exude the essence of that time and not be confused to us the other portrayal of their careers. I think of it as an extension of the honeymooners. only Lucille was the main character and Desi brought sing, dance, and sauve at the end. I get that the US had a very opiniated view of communism at that time but it was exagerrated because there were entities that did not like that they had over 50 million viewers. that being said...they owned that time and there's no point to crush that success. viva love! viva Desi and Lucille!
Watching the show is like watching family on old home movies. I grew up watching it..as a kid it felt like I was part of the family...don't get wrong, i grew up with a great loving family...i love Lucy just felt like an extension...we all watched it together
I just finished watching it and I really enjoyed it. I thought it was gonna be boring but it wasn't. And Nicole had Lucille ball's voice down to a T. But Lucy was gorgeous and they made Nicole look very old. Lucy didn't look like that at all. But Nicole did a good job and so did Javier . But to me there will always be one Lucille ball and one Desi arnaz.
Wouldn't it be fab if both Javier and Penelope won on Oscar night 🙋🏻‍♀️
She got her voice down!
Nicole had down the raspy voice. But there will only be one Mrs Lucille Ball. Lucy didn't try hard to be funny because it came natural to her, Nicole tried to hard. I used to love watching I love Lucy,  and those big eyes she had and her funny faces is what made her funny, I always thought she was so be
This was a very boring movie. Aaron Sorkin has become a mediocre writer/director. And above all, the casting is the worst. Nicole and Javier are great actors, but they were not right for this role.
She doesn't even sound like Lucy....
Wow, a person -trying to act like a person- trying to act like Lucille ball.
These are THE worse trailers I've ever seen!
T-Mac 1 61 million viewers per episode !
filming the fights tween nicole and keith woulda been more fun huh...
So exactly why wasn't Natasha Lyonne cast as Lucy since she is so obviously perfect for the part? Nicole Kidman is a terrible choice.
All i see is Nicole Kidman
Horrible casting! Lucy was in her 40s durning filming of the show and Dezi was 5yrs younger! She got him on the show! Trash
Im part of gen z, yet i know all the shows by heart cause my family raised me waiting all the old classics, and would have black and white movies/shows playing all the time. it was really beautiful how simple yet beautiful these movies/shows are. and do hope my gen gets into these like i did.  (edit) that being said i wont be watching this, i will only watch "i love lucy" and not the doc :))
Atrocious...Javier as Desi...just no
This new film is based on a true story about the first lady of television
Lucy started 'I Love Lucy' when she was 40 and end when she was 46, Nicole Kidman is 54. How peoples image of age has changed.
Being the Ricardos was a great movie!! Nicole Kidman was amazing as the rest of the cast!!! Bravo!!!
I just finished watching it. I loved it.
Can’t wait to see this movie. But she’s got to be the most annoying unbelievable actress I’ve seen outside of a porno or B flick. Her plastic surgery and lack of any thing resembling a human face really give me that uncanny valley feeling.
*I just watched this and i can only say one thing!!!! The best lines Sorkin had going for him on this one went right  up his nose...He must of snorted and smoked a railroad car full of Cocaine to produce this ULTRA WATERED down version of these peoples lives...OMG I was barely alive when all this was going on and he missed all the lite crap I knew*
Those upset that Nicole Kidman got the role because she doesn’t look like Lucille Ball smh you do realize no one is really going to look like Lucille Ball right.
I don't care for the two playing Lucy and Desi
Hell yah guys !!!!! You nailed it wow so excited
How come in the past everything was smoke filled like there's a fire
Cant wait! As a huge fan of I Love Lucy I still enjoy the I Love Lucy Seasons/Episodes on Amazon Prime. But, I wish they upload all the rest of the episodes.
I always pictured Debra Messing as being a great Lucy.  I hope the movie does well because I Love Lucy is one of the best shows in the history of television and will still be talked about 100 years from now.
Her voice it's just Satine she is Moulin Rouge and that's it idk why they keep casting her in these big things you already programmed me with her use someone else. Her other image is stuck in my head for life. That sultry voice and no Ewan McGregor around something is not right
I cannot picture her as Lucy. Lucy was goofy and had a loud mouth while Nicole acts innocent and soft spoken.
Javier as desi is an insult.
Through CBS, they were drug pushers for the CRIMINALS at Philip Morris. And the deadly and ILLEGAL TOBACCO DRUG killed all of them. Very sad.
we need more shows like i love lucy, quality Tv even by today's standards compared to the utter crap they're churning out every year today. Allowing idiots to become stars instead of finding people who care about their craft as actors, dancers and singers!! the last time we saw quality TV was in the early 2000's when people still cared about making an effort and trying hard not to copy each other to the point where every show & movie looks identical and does nothing to improve people's mood
Saw the movie today. Kidman kills it. Stunning performance
Nicole as Lucy?! NO...NO
Nicole's had too much work done on her sweet face, sad to say. Gotta stop, Nicole. There is a fine line between preserving escapism and true biography of the players. We really don't want to know about all their sad scars, and their personal pain. We just want to be happy and escape for a while and hold these iconic characters in our happy place... the actors would agree.
As a huge fan of Lucille Ball, I have to watch it. But this trailer makes me cringe. I’m not convinced by the casting and I absolutely hate the prosthetic makeup with a passion. The stakes were high so the disappointment rating will be heartbreaking. Lucy deserves the best! I agree with most fans, Amy Adams or Debra Messing would of definitely been better.  I’m dreading December 10th… ❤️‍🩹
As a huge fan of Lucille Ball, I have to watch it. But this trailer makes me cringe. I’m not convinced by the casting and I hate the prosthetic makeup. The stakes are high, Lucy deserves the best!
I remember my grandmother not liking Lucille Ball because she refused to perform at an event in Oklahoma City because enough people did not show up.  Personally, I thought she was very talented.
Important and timely. Lucy was not a commie. Thank you Amazon and Aaron Sorkin. We live in times when similar crazy accusations are rampant from the right. Very timely.
My idol!!!
I think Nicole nailed the voice for the most part. Nope I did not see the resemblance in the least. Lucille Ball was a drop dead gorgeous actress and was known for that. NK played her, but her features were too harsh and just did not have the look. They would of been better off in my opinion with another actress. Regarding Javier, I would agree with some about his age, however he did have more or less a similar look. Javier is from Spain. and although Desi was from Cuba he was obviously of Spanish heritage, so I think they nailed that and some of the acting. Their voices were good. I am sure many will think the movie was great.  The NK Lucy look..not the greatest :( but that is my opinion.
Should be a very fun movie to watch.
The way you all keep hating on Nicole is the reason the movie is outperforming the expectation and may actually end up getting more award love than it should. Debra Messing being forced to address her with respect on Twitter, that too was fun.
NK doesn't look nothing like Lucy. Her face looks plastic and her eyes are too. There was an actress who was close to looking like Lucy her name was  Frances Fischer. She played Lucy in a TV movie years ago.
why am i obsessed w this arrangement i need it on spotify
Nicole Kidman is Talented & Iconic..   But, I believe Amy Adams would've been a better Lucille Ball.  She looks more like Lucy
No me gusta Nicole como Lucy. Punto.
Words cannot express how excited I am for this
Can we get a gilligans island remake? Lol asking for a friend!  I loved Lucy as a kid, still do. Glad to see this happening.
Danny Pino was incredible as Desi and Rachel York was OUTSTANDING as Lucy in "LUCY" (which is currently on Amazon Prime as well) I, too, am a HUGE Lucy fan and it's very well done. It's kind of ironic how well they played their role, and their true lives were so different that what was portrayed... REALLY made it all the more tragic ;(
I’m about to turn 16 and I remember my uncle used to stay at our house and he showed me all about I love Lucy , Bewitched, I dream of Jennie and a lot of other sitcoms and I have to say that I loved all of them from the beginning and I wish more shows were like that now, so I really hope this is amazing and really represents their story❤️.
this doesn't look good
Looking forward to it hopefully it’s good cause there will never be a Lucy! ♥️
They should got another actor ms  kidman is beautiful but no lucy. Major lucy fan. I collect her stuff.
Yikes, this looks terrible! I wish they picked an unknown actress and not Nicole Kidman its so distracting and aggravating even hearing her talk- because she just sounds (and looks) like Nicole Kidman failing to render anything close to Lucille Ball.
Everything Sorkin touches turns to gold.
You already know the acting is going to be top-notch. Kidman and Bardem in the leading roles...That would be a yes for me!
I hope this will be bad, as both Nicole & Javier are SO MISCAST. not believable for one second.  Nicole's comedic timing is not her forte.  Debra Messing would have been perfect..
Bardem, really.  I kinda starting to believe Kidman may pull this off.  But bardem, cmon guys
The f is this
Notice how we can't see the dislike ratio...
Bewitched, YES, LUCY, NOOOOOO!!! She don't look or Sound like LUCY! You can even hear Nicoles austrailien accent at times!!!! This is not gonna be good! I love ya Nicole, but this is more than you can chew, sorry. LUCY is too special!
That was a disappointing trailer.  👎
Javier Bardem & Nicole Kidman. I am completely sold. I wonder if the movie will include the birth of their son.
I cannot fucking wait to see this
I've never been more excited in my life
Agent Coulson!
Holy hell!!! Cannot WAiT!...
WOW!! Nicole Kidman absolutely NAILED Lucille Ball’s Voice!!😊❤️
J. K. Simmons as William Frawley/Fred Mertz just fits
Debra Messing and Jaime Camil would have been great though...
Johnny Depp will always be my first choice to play Desi.
I believe in Aaron Sorkin. This must be good.
Okay. Here’s the problem trying to tackle this project. Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz are so iconic and held in the highest regards. You could have the biggest budget ever and the best of the best acting in it and it still won’t measure up. I’m excited to see this as a massive fan and one who still watches I Love Lucy to this day on a semi regular basis but I think at best it’ll be just “okay”. I really want/hope it does better but I just can see that happening.
Great job by the cast and Nicole nailed the Lucille Ball look ❤️👍🏻
Omg and I literally been binging I Love Lucy like crazy this week!!!!! It’s literally my favorite sitcom of all time!!!!!! And to think she was the first woman to really star in her own tv show like this. I caaaaant wait!!!! So glad I have prime!!!!!!
There was no other show like I Love Lucy, just about every big Hollywood star at the time guest starred on that show.
They had to get permission from the Pope to film a baby seen 😤 it was deemed very risque.
I can't wait to see this! Fantastic trailer. Theme song ftw.
What the fck is this..my idol has always been Lucille ball but it was because her and Desi worked well together... This is my biggest heartbreak since the Conners
As a massive fan of I Love Lucy, The Lucy Show, and Here's Lucy - as well as many other things Lucille Ball did - and as a massive fan of Nicole Kidman & Aaron Sorkin... I can not get over how bad of a choice she was. Debra Messing would have been perfect. This is not, and it's distracting the entire time. I'm disappointed, knowing this could have been better.
Don't try it, they can not be replicated, it's a waste of time and money, I will not watch, water downed faux Ricardo's......
I CANNOT FUCKING WAAAAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Was watching her in an old b-movie on youtube last night...she was an excellent straight actress too.
GIVE NICOLE KIDMAN THE OSCAR ALREADY
They couldn’t find a CUBAN actor to play the CUBAN Desi Arnaz? Nicole Kidman is great but I think Debra Messing would’ve been a better fit
Not sure if I want to see this yet, because I love the show so much now more than ever I don’t want to know what really happened behind the scenes it might ruin the magic for me
can't wait!!!!
When this trailer first came out, I thought she had the voice almost perfect.  I was surprised that people was saying otherwise in some of the comments.
OMG the actor you got to play Desi the dude looks like 1980"s Desi that's what always gets me about anyone who does anything about Lucy they always do everything to give her some kind of justice while given no justice to the people that was around her. You could of at least approached someone like Jaime Camil someone else that has a Desi Arnaz type vibe. They should both at least favor Desi & Lucy Looks more to me you all was thinking Fred & Ethel. Thumbs down for me!
Can’t wait
Hmm. We'll see.
Lucy Arnez previewed in the last week. She ave it 5's saying portrayals were incredibly well done and overall an endearing reviews.  She was gobsmacked. Can't wait to see it.
I grew up on I Love Lucy reruns, like, legitimately made me a better person. I had no idea this was happening, and I can't wait for it.
I liked the movie they made with the travel trailer. Lol. Probably the only person who saw that movie and loved it lol
When is the boys season 3 trailer coming out
I think we will all be overwhelmed by amazing performances all around.  I think the casting was genius.
I'm looking forward to this. I've been watching I Love Lucy for 48 years and it still makes me laugh. ❤
The genius idea the Ricardos had was to shoot I Love Lucy on film AND in front of a live audience. They were both - especially Lucille - used to movie sets and since they were also producers they wanted maximum comfort with production technique but also the live audience to get the atmos and timing. The result was that their shows could run globally for decades, while the production values of live broadcasts and taped shows from that early period dated so quickly they didn’t really survive.
Lucie Arnaz has given the finished product a huge endorsement and praised all Nicole and Javier. She said they really captured the essence of her parents. Like millions of others, I can recite the dialogue to every episode; I can't wait to see this film.
IMHO, Kidman and Bardem are great actors, but too old for these roles. Lucy and Desy were in their 30s when they started making I Love Lucy. Oh well.
This movie is NOT about Lucille and Desi RICARDOS… It’s behind the scenes look at the marriage of Lucille and Desi Arnaz, the actors, and what they experienced in one week of production of one of the I Love Lucy episodes from Monday rehearsal through Friday live tape .. about Arnaz experiencing racism as a Cuban. A scandalous tabloid headline about him and about HUAC’s investigation of Lucille Arnaz
Ohhhh I can't wait... 😳🎉
Instead of Nicole Kidman, they should have cast Nicole Sullivan.
Well that was a disappointment. It looks like every other show or movie about historical characters. Particularly this movie has the look and sound of Ryan Murphy's trashy and grossly inaccurate Feud series. I feel bad that those portrayed aren't alive to defend themselves or had had the foresight like Fred Astaire did to stipulate that their lives could not be portrayed (if that is indeed possible).
Already mad at whoever the stylist is for this film.  Lucy did not wear her hair that long or loose.  Was there a shortage of Aqua-net on the set?
DEBRA MSSING WOULD BE THE PERFECT ACTRESS TO PLAY LUCY BALL. NICOLE KIDMAN , IS A BIT CORNY !!! WRONG ROLE AND CHOICE !!!
Wow.
I think Kristen Wiig would have been a better fit. Maybe I'm wrong.
I'M EXCITED!
Lucie Arnaz   stated that they captured the essence of her parents and gave the movie a big thumbs up.
I cried when I heard the theme music...I love Lucy was such a huge part of my childhood. Can't to see this film. It looks amazing.
I don't think Nicole Kidman has the physical comedy skills to pull off the Lucy role, and Aaron Sorkin doesn't do comedy writing well.  I hope it beats my low expectations though because I love I Love Lucy.
LLLLLUUUUUCCCCYYYYY!!! SPLAIN!! Big I Love Lucy fan, have all the DVD's!! Can't wait to see this movie! I'm Cuban so chic-chica-boom, chic-chica-boom!
How nice to hear the theme performed in stereo high fidelity.
Lucy Arnaz just gave it a thumbs up.
I'm old enough to remember the first run of the show. I remember my mom telling me that in the 50s, our local grammar school had to change the night of the PTA meetings because no one showed up (They were home watching I love Lucy!)
Lucy Arnaz just saw this film and gave it more than a thumbs up so I want to see it.
Who is Aaron sorkin and why are the comments full of brown nosers?
The most well known and beloved television show for multiple generations. There is no other show like it. 😍  It was cool to grow up watching it as a latchkey kid. 😎
Lucy pronounced Desi with an s sound not a z.
Gonna be interesting
Really? Nicole Kidman. No one is asking for a body double but Lucy was powerhouse of a woman. Kidman just doesn’t hold up to the boss, brass, larger than life Lucy. The voice alone is so wrong.
Can’t wait!
I'd watch Nicole Kidman do anything! She is stellar!
I want to talk to the casting director, I just want to talk…
THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS
Kidman is very talented, but not sure about this- she did not do very playing Samantha in the movie version of Bewitched.   They keep saying it is not about the TV show, so why call it being the Ricardos??
I've got to say this teaser is great.
Just not sure about Nicole Kidman as Lucy.... Hopefully she proves me wrong.
Both Kidman and Bardem are great actors, i'm sure they will "kill" as Lucy & Ricky, in Ball's own words!
One of my all time favorite sitcoms! I have watched it for decades and it’s still funny! That foursome was awesome. They were quite the talent all four. They made it so special!
this looks so good can hardly wait to watch Nicole Kidman is such a great actress
nobody can compare to Lucille
It looks wonderful but I wish the trailer would’ve shown more of Nicole Kidman as Lucy. We only got to see her briefly in the grape stomping scene.
You know a movie about the Ricardos written by Sorkin is going to have some of the best dialogue of the century
Truly a powerhouse couple! Paramount Pictures owes a debt of gratitude to them! There would be no Star Trek or Mission Impossible without this phenomenal couple
I used to watch reruns of I love Lucy when I was a kid... Now I get to watch a major motion picture on My Amazon TV. Ha!
This looks amazing. Nicole Kidman is the greatest actress of her generation. I am hoping this will land her an overdue 5th Oscar nomination.
I Love Lucy still holds up today and it's one of my favorite TV shows of all time. It's such a classic and this brings back such heartwarming memories.
Mambo Kings with Antonio Banderas was about Desi Arnaz Jr.
In the preview she says she only did the show so they could spend time together. I don't find evidence of that. She did insist on him being her husband on the show, which was controversial for the times. But she was savvy, talented, and a good business woman. I hope Sorkin doesn't under-rate her. I love his writing but he doesn't have a good reputation for being able to write women. Except, with a few exceptions, CJ Cregg.
Looks awful!
if it's not coming out until december, why annoy me with this now?  by the time it comes around, I will have  forgotten watching this trailer and will probably miss something I would otherwise like to see. common mistake in media is starting the Hype train too soon.I really wish companies would stop doing this.
Totally the wrong actors to impersonate These beloved actors
Beyond excited 😭🥰❤️
It looks like they made a mistake in looking at the teaser. It shows Lucy covered in bandages and wearing a sling on her arm, it's from season 1 where Fred and Ethel are in a fight and make up then Lucy and Ricky get in a fight right after and Lucy plans to make Ricky believe she was in a car accident to make him feel sorry for her and come back but then Ricky makes Lucy believe that the apartment is on fire and she falls out a window and then Ricky helps her inside and on the couch, anyway in the teaser there's a window behind them but there shouldn't be because that would be there second apartment they move to in the 2nd or 3rd season of the show there should be a whole wall there and the piano only.
So, you have to have Amazon to see this movie? It's not at the movie theater?
Jessica Chastain would have been a better Lucy
She sounds like an older Lucy
KIDMAN
I love this teaser!
This looks like it is going to be quite interesting. Lucille Ball was accused of supporting communism and Desi's private life hitting the tabloids. This did not happen in one week but that is how it is going to be portrayed. I think any one who is expecting I Love Lucy is going to be disappointed. It does not appear that this movie is going to really be about comedy but real problems in their lives.
Give Nicole the Oscar.
I would loved Scarlett Johansson would of done Lucy.
Lucy ❤
The music at the end with the over use of that synthetic deep bass sound that vibrates everything... they over do that these days.
AMAZING CANT WAIT
Dumbest idea for a movie since Bridget Jones did Judy Garland.
I'm on the fence. I'll give it a chance. Lucille Ball is so beloved to me as is I Love Lucy. If they screw this up my head is going to explode.
Her voice is all wrong for Lucille Ball, whose voice was much higher and she talked much faster.  Nicole's never been strong on accents.
Wow I like Nicole but I’m kinda thinking she must be miscast if the trailer avoids showing her at all. Yikes.
Debra 😞
Never liked Lucy annoying not funny
_I Love Lucy_ is the ultimate comfort show for me. I love her so much, and in awe of her talent.
I've been watching I love lucy since I was a little girl....and now my girls watch it too 殺
I hope this series keeps Lucille Ball class and not ruin her.
Anybody remember Nicole Sullivan's portrayal in MADtv 😉
why the hell would THEY CHOOSE NICOLE KIDMAN OF ALL PEOPLE TO BE LUCY??!!!! SHE DOESNT EVEN LOOK AT ALL LIKE LUCY!!!! OH I CAN TELL SHE RUINS THE MOVIE!!! I CANT BELIEVE THEY CHOSE NICOLE KIDMAN TO PLAY LUCY!!!!
At first I was worried about Kidman as Lucy, but now I am worried about Bardem as Ricky.
I love Nicole Kidman, I think she's a phenomenal actress. I also love Lucille, and I am so excited to see this!
Lucille Ball was gorgeous as a young actress And an icon A carrear that spans generations
Ugh....can't we think of new ideas and not keeping looking into past shows and movies for ideas? Lucy is truly a legend and her memory should be honored and not made into a one hit flick. Pass 👎
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
This is a embarrassment to Lucy even though I couldn't stand her
im a strong believer javier bardem can still be recast lol like lets do some cgi magic
This looks really promising! Nicole nailed Lucy’s voice and looked just like her in the grape stomping scene. Can’t wait to watch this.
Javier seems like a bad casting decision because he looks nothing like Desi
She is a legend.
Is this another award only show?
Increíble Tráiler Amazon Prime video
Awesome to see Alia Shawkat
Oh my, this should be excellent ❤️🤘
Looks ridiculous…
I’ve waited so long for this!
I’m so excited to see this!!! Been watching I love Lucy since a kid and still watch it every night on Hulu. I’m just mad they don’t have all the episodes on Hulu
I'll hold back on calling this blasphemous, but Nicole Kidman had better do the best performance of her career and literally channel Lucy from the afterlife or else.
I blinked & missed seeing Nicole Kidman. Wow, this movie will suck as it is being O-V-E-R H-Y-P-E-D
I am over excited for this movie. I grew up watching Lucy in the Lucy show and I love Lucy and I still watch I love Lucy. I simply cannot wait! I love Lucy!
Ooooo the theme is still banging
Wel Well good
Based on what we can hear here I think she's nailing it. Particularly the part where she's saying "and all I have to do to keep it is kill" she has that husky smokey rasp Lucy had. And also you can hear her in the background of that part going "Ohhhh" she really sounds like her. I'm so excited to see this.
What stuck out to me was “I never expected it to be a hit”.   Goes to show that no matter what, do what you do as well as you can and you never know, you might be the next big hit.
Really good
Of course the weirdos wanna cancel the movie because the fruit fly Debra Messing wasnt casted as Lucy. But Kidman sounded EXACTLY like her. If anyone should have been up to the part... I was thinking Fran Drescher!!! Her and Kidman have to be the same age
Lucy & Desi: Before the Laughter (1991) is a more accurate telling of their life and the casting was  also spot-on despite what their daughter said about that movie ✋🙄 Their portrayal in that  movie is so accurate to their life & marriage. Watch both then compare.
Timeless series. I can't wait to see what Aaron Sorkin has done here.
The sequel could focus on how i the 60's she ended up RUNNING her own studio. And how it launched little art house franchises like Star Trek and Mission Impossible.
I wish they would show some of her in show speech, that will be the real test.  It will either come off as spot on or a joke (not the good kind).
Oooooh I had Goosebumps!!!! The nostalgia man!!! When the narration started at the beginning of the trailer I was mind blown, it sounded so much like Lucille Ball I had to pinch myself. I can't wait to watch it!
bad casting
I think her voice is actually pretty close to the "real" voice of Lucille Ball, and I was not a fan of NK in Bewitched at all - looks interesting to me. I am a little weirded out by Javier Bardem as Ricky; I can never get him as Anton in No Country For Old Men out of my head when I see him. Would have been neat to see Enrique Iglesias read for the role.
I will definitely be watching this.
I think Dave Chappelle would have played a better Ricky Ricardo
Never knew what CBS stood for until now.
Actors are not required to be identical to the people they portray. They are required to act, tho. We shall see...
Won't be watching this because Nicole Kidman is the worst Lucy I've ever seen. She is a terrible casting choice. U should have casted Debra. As usual studios never get it right an let down the fans
I've been watching I love lucy since I was a little girl....and now my girls watch it too 殺
I propose that we don't cast Nicole Kidman in any roles until she gets her accent figured out
well i wasn't expecting this
It's a no from me
They couldn't find a good looking Cuban man to play Ricky Ricardo this movie is not for me
Any Aaron Sorking fans present?
CAN NOT STAND NK!  I will never watch anything she is in. Horrible so called actress. The same face. The same voice. The same look OVER AND OVER.
I want to see if Nicole Kidman can make me a believer that she's Lucille Ball. That's a titan's shoes she has to fill.
I still think if given the chance,Debra Messing would have been great in the role of Lucille Ball.Let us hope this movie is worth watching.
Wait so they were married in real life??
Buttcised
Ricky was hot af. They couldn’t find ONE Cuban American actor in the entirety of the US?
Can’t wait to see this. Long love Lucy.
Debra Messing or Amy Adams would have been much better choice...love Nicole, but she is not right for this role.
She is a legend.
I can’t be the only one who is hesitant. I like Nicole Kidman but based on this voice over and images, she didn’t embodied Lucille Ball at all. Javier Bardem isn’t Latino and his voice sounds like an aging drug addict. The actors don’t look like them. Of course actors don’t have to look exactly like the real people they’re playing but little is done with makeup to convey Ball and Arnaz’s essence. I think Aaron Sorkin wanted a table read performance show. Maybe a full trailer will change my mind.
this better be good!! i loved i love lucy><
Her accent is weird and not right
One day we'll look back and say we were there at the beginning of the streaming wars!
Lucy I'm home ❤
I'm excited. I still watch I love Lucy
Anna Ferris would make a perfect Lucy.
Unnecessary black bars means an automatic thumbs down.
The Trail of the Chicago 7 JUST came out last year.
I'm not sure about the casting but I trust Aaron Sorkin's writing
GIVE ME PICTURES OF SPIDERMAN
I’m a huge Lucy fan and I think Aaron Sorkin is an incredibly talented dude, so I bet I’ll love this movie
Lucy's voice was much lower tho
Omg I can't wait! I've been listening to the podcast "The Plot Thickens" and this season they are covering Lucille Ball. On episode 4 and it's AMAZING. She had such a rough start in life and was a character for sure. I highly recommend!
Horrible!
I don't miss it for nothing, for nothing 👵👳‍♂️👳‍♀️
Javier as Desi????... ok
I am a HUGE fan of Lucy and Desi ! I can’t wait to watch this!!!!!
Meh... YAWN
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
I can’t wait
Could be worse,horse -faced Cate Blanchett almost got the part....
Me and my grandma love watching  ‘I love Lucy’ together, so we are so so excited for this!!! 💕
I wish Debra Messing played Lucille instead, I'm not feeling Nicole for the part.
Love the show
Javier doesn't look a thing like Desi honestly, as well as appearing to look older than Desi was at the time. But I'll definitely still watch this.
Cool how they got Desi and Lucy's real kids to produce this
I think Cate Blanchett and John Leguizamo would've had been better choices for Lucille and Desi. Hmm, I don't know about this movie.
Her eyes are too small, but she seems to have the voice down.
Boring
Let me just say           "I LOVE LUCY!"
This is going to be exceptional, I'm sure.
I’m willing to bet that Ms. Kidman listened to all of Ms. Ball’s radio interview show episodes from 1964.  Those were played on XM in August.  She sounds exactly like Lucy.
When you order desi Off wish .. he’s fairly larger & voice is way too deep .. that fake accent .. just why
I think Nicole could be ok but I feel like she and Javier are miscast.
Love this content!! Stay safe everyone 🌞
It took 10 years, but we finally have a Lucy movie ❤️
Nothing....I mean nothing about this swill makes me want to see it.  Nicole Kidman as Lucy is not even bootleg worthy.
Debra Messing would have been so much better!
Honestly this doesn't look like anything we basically haven't already seen before! in other TV movies like with Francis Fisher etc, We shall see...
She’s got the voice I’m looking forward to how much she resembles Lucy
She does not have the voice of Lucy. Hopefully she ahs the performance.
Excited to watch and I love Nicole Kidman but this was so Debra Messing role.
This could be a hit. It's a mini arrested development reunion.
Lucille Ball is my answer  when asked, "Can women be funny?" She is a legend.
"But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." - Rom 5:8 KJV
Yeahh.. i know technically Javier doesn’t look remotely like Desi (aka Ricky Ricardo) but you know.. I still wanna see how it goes! Hopefully he catches the essence of the legendary Cuban actor!
I will be watching
Okay I wasn’t sure about this until now. This looks amazing.
Kidman has definitely captured Ball's voice. I am delighted to see it's been written by Aaron Sorkin, too. Cannot wait to see it.
the closing music brought tears  to my eyes
Really looking forward to seeing Kidman as Lucy. Bardem is an excellent choice as Desi but it will all come down to the chemistry between the 2 actors. Lucille Ball was a brilliant comedian and a shrewd executive. She picked up and produced the original Star Trek after everyone else turned it down. She was a visionary in that regard.
I'm sure this will be of interest to today's generation. NOT.  Sorkin will of course play up on the accusation of Lucy's communist connection which never amounted to anything. Old fashioned TV with a leftist slant. How creative.
In no way is Javier Bardem believable as Desi Arnaz. Sorry.
Eu recebo eu agradeço eu mereço eu aceito está energia hoje agora na minha vida agora gratidão gratidão universo 🙏 gratidão gratidão fonte infinita da criação gratidão ordem divina ❤🙏 gratidão eu recebo a energia do universo e do dinheiro 😁💰💰💰💰 agora gratidão gratidão universo 🙏❤
You had me at Written by Aaron Sorkin. 🙂
I know people wanted Debra Messing but Nicole looks and sounds like she's gonna be amazing in this. I can't get passed Javier's voice in the trailer though, so hopefully my suspension of disbelief kicks in once I'm actually watching the movie.
I bet you .....Even though Prime is having it on it's platform for home TV 📺 the 11 days after it's in theaters 🎥 I love Lucy will still break box office records and prove the Movie 🎬 theater business isn't dead.... AMC 💥 TO THE MOON 🚀🚀
This looks interesting! I wonder how far back they'll go? Desi and Lucy married in 1940.
I thought Cate Blanchett would be the actress who would play lucy
😬
Not quite my tempo
I find Debra Messing so annoying, I'm just glad someone else landed this part, lol. It's not about looking like the person as much as capturing their energy. Cate Blanchett niaked Hepburn in The Aviator despite looking nothing like her. We shall see.
Her voice... I mean wow! I thought I was hearing Lucy herelf. Had to rewatch it.  Can't wait
When she stepped into the grapes I thought it WAS Lucille. So excited about this casting.
My story: I am a poor man and I work with my own hands
I want a double screening with this and West Side Story. I want a cocktail hour in between and I wanna wear a tux.. is that so much to ask?
I might be personally responsible for about a quarter of the "views" for this trailer. I CAN'T WAIT!!!!😍😍😍
Cool teaser, I really liked it 👍 waiting
i am so excited for this.  I LOOOOOOVE LUCY!
My siblings are watching an episode of I Love Lucy right now.
people!....why are all my comments by girls in underwear?...its not m watchin anything nasty...is it a virus or hackers?..
They no doubt had to add some serious padding to JK Simmons to play William Frawley. JK is in seriously good shape and Frawley was clearly not.
I'm a little put off that the showed only a split second of her in the trailer.
Hmmm....I don't know what to think. But because it has something to do with Lucille Ball, of course im going to watch, lol!  👀
I was very hesitant when I initially heard her casting, but Nicole is on a roll lately. I'm impressed from this, and she does her voice really well. Anxious to see it.
Why Nicole Kidman and not Debra Messing??? So disappointed.
Where is Daniel Riccardo tho
What stuck out to me was “I never expected it to be a hit”.   Goes to show that no matter what, do what you do as well as you can and you never know, you might be the next big hit.
Always hoped for a biopic of Lucille Ball played by Margot Robbie. She would have been perfect for the role as her expressive acting as Harley always reminded me of Lucy. Javier also neither looks or acts anything like Desi in here. But hey, they do have JK Simmons as a spot on Fred/William Frawley. And at the end of the day, you just have be sold on the movie as a whole.
Doing their best to avoid showing Kidman's face doesn't bode well for the movie.
People! This isn’t a remake! It’s a behind the scenes look of the I Love Lucy show and Lucy’s and Ricky’s real life marriage! Lucy was a no nonsense business woman behind the scenes.
We're really not going to talk about Javier Bardem being Ricky?  Nicolle looks a lot more like Lucy than he does Ricky.
Hiding her face throughout the trailer is not a good good sign.
I didn't know this was a thing. I am down for this.
The fact that they don't show her face really shakes me up :o
i'm gonna watch this because it gives me "studio 60" vibes and I miss it, a lot...
Great! Lucille Ball was so layered and such a business savant. She was quite the force given the status of women in the 1950s.
So are we gonna ignore Ricky’s perfect English? Lol
This trailer for the movie about Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz has a weird lack of proper shots of Nicole Kidman as Lucille Ball
Maybe and Buster working together again! 👏🏽
Someone needs to AI Debra Messings face to this just so I can see her as Lucy once 🤷🏼‍♀️
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
Javier Barden looks great as Ricky. Great casting.
"lluuccyyyyyy, you got some explaining to doooo" "wwhhaaaaaaaa"
Certainly not excited about Kidman’s casting. (Can she truly embody Lucy?) But Aaron Sorkin seldom fails to deliver. This is a big toss up. We shall see, we shall see!
I'm sorry Nicole, but you'll never be able to pull it off. Nor were you able to do Samantha.  The nerve. Here ya go. There'll only be one Lucy, and one Sam.
Certainly not excited about Kidman’s casting. (Can she truly embody Lucy?) But Aaron Sorkin seldom fails to deliver. This is a big toss up. We shall see, we shall see!
Written and directed by Aaron Sorkin?  I'm definitely in!
I saw written and directed by Aaron Sorkin….. will watch immediately!
This could be a hit. It's a mini arrested development reunion.
Nicole Kidman doesn’t sound like she can play Lucille. I hope they don’t ruin this.
hmmm. preview validates how badly casting nicole kidmas as lucy is.  you only see her back or shot from 30 feet away!
Definitely seeing this movie.  No doubt about it!
As a huge fan of I Love Lucy, I'm very excited for this movie about Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz's life. I can't wait to learn so much about the two of them.
Being the Ricardos?  Bad tittle!  Lucille Ball was the first female head of a major Hollywood studio.  She was the star and producer of sitcoms I Love Lucy, The Lucy Show, Here's Lucy, and Life with Lucy, as well as comedy television specials aired under the title The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour.  Notice that Lucy is before Desi, she was the star!  Lucy and Desi divorced in 1960. I've got a feeling she is rolling in her grave over this horrible tittle.  Here, I'll fix it for you, "Being Lucy".  You can use it, no charge.
Is this a movie or a series?
Ы
"He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give us all things?" Romans 8:32 Jesus Christ died on the cross for us all my friends, he is our Lord and Savior, and there is no salvation without him. Please, confess him as your Lord and Savior now! Believe in his death and resurrection on the cross, and that he died for your sins. Jesus is returning soon, REPENT, and believe. God Bless you all
I love Lucy and Desi but this looks awful. I'm sick of seeing the same faces in everything. Talented unknowns would have been 100x better. Hard Pass.
How should we deal with Iran's following  of Australia's purchase of nuclear submarines?
Debra Messing
Was looking for more excitement in the trailer didn't see any.
I still think Julia Roberts should have played Lucy
I need to hear Nicole Kidman's voice as "Lucy."
Terrible trailer. Can't even see Nicole's face.
My second thought is Nicole looks great and she's playing Lucille Ball. Not Lucy, and anyone who remembers L.B.knows how very smart and serious she really was.
Wow this looks terrific. Got chills at the end rolling credits. Cast is gonna kill it.
Not a fan of the casting at all. I just cant see Nicole Kidman as Lucille ball at all. Maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised?
I’m not to impressed with the trailer. It seemed like “Lucy “ was a little arrogant, hopefully the rest of the movie is not like that.
Eh. Nothing stuck out. Debra Messing would've killed it. If you'd have shown more clips with Nicole idk.
Sorry but no
I just spent 30 minutes comparing the original apartment to the new set D'Ohhh!!!
NO.  *Go with Debra Messing* instead, Rickeeeeeeeee!
Why do they not show her face in the trailer at all? so weird. So far not feeling it at all.
Luv the promo. I Love Lucy is a fav of mine since a kid.
Can’t ever expect much from crappy APV. It’s not like this will be submitted for an Oscar anyway.
For once a movie with the right cast!!!
Wooo this looks amazing. I’m very much looking forward to it. Nicole and Javier??? I’m in
Just dont like the title! We want Lucy, Lucy, Lucy !!!
when i saw the still  b/w of Nicole Kidman as Lucy on the internet I thought I was looking at Lucielle Ball! Looking forward to this film.
Many female biopics this with Oscar potential: THE EYES OF TAMMY FAYE SPENCER BEING THE RICARDOS HOUSE OF GUCCI
I am a huge Lucille Ball fan.  While I will admit Nicole Kidman was good in Big Little Lies, this is not the role for her.  I was looking forward to this premiering but knowing Lucy so well, it's going to be very hard to see Kidman playing her.  Nicole is not naturally relaxed...she appears stiff in most things she does and sometimes that works but this won't be one of those times.  Ugh I really wish they went with other casting.
Perfect casting 👍🏻💯 I love Lucy_____ I watch her every day on this channel here in ny called DECADES. She's hilarious. The best show.
What a bizarre casting lol
Everybody is worried about how Kidman can pull Lucy off, meanwhile, Bardem sounds nothing like Ricky.  I thought that was Brad Garrett at first.
"Smart Boy Gmix" © LUG
Imagine if Cate Blanchett didnt drop out of this project and LOL Debra Messing really wanted to do this.
Why does Bardem get top billing before Kidman?
It's art. Looks beautiful.
Schilinger is Fred Mertz! That's awesome.
yikes...
OMG It looks exciting !!! I’m really looking forward to this !!!!!! 👏👏
Nicole Kidman is not even trying to imitate Lucy’s rather iconic voice. Is this even a serious attempt? 🤦🏽‍♀️
Deborah messing should have been Lucy, Nicole is so botoxed and lifted its terrible.
Certainly not excited about Kidman’s casting. (Can she truly embody Lucy?) But Aaron Sorkin seldom fails to deliver. This is a big toss up. We shall see, we shall see!
No offense to Nicole,  she just isn't the right person for the part of Lucille Ball and neither is the guy playing Desi. I am an absolute fan of Lucy so I will watch. I just hope it is halfway decent so Im not dying inside while watching. I am not optimistic about this at all. Trailer doesn't even look good 😩
Nicole Kidman - wrong casting.
She sounds just like Nicole Kidman being Nicole Kidman...looks a mess
Excellent promo, let's hope the actual show is as good. They have a lot live up to.
Kristen Stewart. Jessica Chastain. Nicole Kidman. Lady Gaga. That’s four potential nominees and all play real people. The fifth might go to Frances McDormand cause why not?
Nicole can't do 90% of the facial expressions required to properly portray Lucy AND she still can't do a proper American accent! and she sounds nothing like Lucy!
Nicole's casting is self evidence that they're not looking for a lookalike. Nicole herself once decided against imitating Virginia Woolf's speaking voice, fearing that it would come across as more comical than anything (I actually prefer this option to something like Streep's Thatcher). She's never been known for fantastic accent works but her achievements in Big Little Lies speak volumes to her ability to capture the character's essence, who else could have received such praises with all those accent slip ups?
I’m kind of disappointed that Debra messing Isint playing Lucille
I still wish they had cast Debra Messing
Those who counted Kidman out just cuz she doesn't look the part? 🙄
Immediately had to send this to my mom!
I STILL see Nicole Kidman Not Lucille Ball. Debra Messing would have been the Perfect choice.
Her voice still sounds like Nicole Kidman. She could have changed it to make it sound like Lucy. Cate Blanchett would have been a better choice.
Oooooh I had Goosebumps!!!! The nostalgia man!!! When the narration started at the beginning of the trailer I was mind blown, it sounded so much like Lucille Ball I had to pinch myself. I can't wait to watch it!😍
Can't wait to see this.
I know people wanted Debra Messing but Nicole looks and sounds like she's gonna be amazing in this. I can't get passed Javier's voice in the trailer though, so hopefully my suspension of disbelief kicks in once I'm actually watching the movie.😅
If I can’t see what Nicole Kidman looks like as Lucille Ball, then IM NOT INTERESTED AND I WONT WATCH!  I need to see what she looks like BEFORE watching!!!
Looks fantastic!!!!!
That's right !! I love the opening !! Reminding everyone  what a BOSS Lucille O Ball really was !! Nicole Kidman nailed it!!
This trailer for the movie about Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz has a weird lack of proper shots of Nicole Kidman as Lucille Ball
mad happy
To be fair, Rami Malek looks nothing like Freddie Mercury but he captured his essence! I’m expecting the same from Nicole. And Aaron wrote it so I have a feeling it’s going to be great!
This doesn’t look good!
I don’t recall that Lucille ball had a shitload of plastic surgery back then. Plastic head on Nicole 🤦‍♂️
I cant wait !
Should have gotten Deborah Messing.
Been waiting on another Lucy biopic for a long time!
I think all of the people who kept complaining about Kidman being cast and insisting  Debra Messing should have been cast are gonna have their mouths shut.
The Ricardos movie looks like every previous Lucy TV film. And Desi Arnaz is miscasted in my opinion by a super older actor who did not nail the cuban accent( btw Desi was in his 20s and early 30 through most of his marriage with Lucille Ball. Why they cast an actor in his 50s??) Nicole Kidman looks promising tho. Sounds a bit like her. I'm over it. Everyone!  If you want to actually know about Lucy and Desi watch the home movie documentary created by their daughter OR just read their autobiographies.
I don't understand why everyone is being so harsh and nitpicking Nicole so much. She's an amazing actress and as long as she captures Lucille's essence it doesn't matter if she doesn't look or sound exactly like her. Besides Lucie and Desi Jr. are happy with her so who are we to judge?  Also I remember everyone went gaga over Renee's Judy Garland and she looked nothing like Judy, sounded nothing like Judy and definitely didn't sing like Judy. She ended up sweeping all the awards!
Hope she doesn’t mess this up like she did with bewitched
Looks ok.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS!!!!!!🤗💖🥰
Hope this goes better then her version of Samantha in Bewitched
The casting... 👀
That’s some shitty casting.
I cannot express how much I love this show… this better do it justice!
What a waste of an opportunity.  This would have been the perfect time give a female of color a chance to portray Lucy.  Instead, they had it off to a traditional pretty white lady, barf.
okay, I got a small problem. We do NOT see Nicole Kidman as Lucy. Her face is partly hidden. Are they waiting for some big moment to show her?
So excited for this!!! I can't wait!!!!
I hate to say it, but I feel like this is gonna flop. The casting is odd. I don't see Javier as Desi. Or Nicole as Lucy.
I can't wait, I can't wait, I can't WAIT!!!♥♥♥
LOVE it! But,  I don"t like Bardem. I hope he can convince !
i don't think Nicole was the right person for Lucy. all i can think of when i see Nicole is her being Australian. can't picture her as Lucy.
WOW. kidman talks, moves and looks EXACTLY like her
👍👍👍
Why is that in every Aaron Sorkin written project that the lead needs to endlessly brag about who they are? Christ, could you imagine if he made a Donald Trump biopic? The whole movie would just be one giant monologue.
Amazon, please do not blow this. Lucille Ball is too precious to play games with as you did  with the Clancy series.
This is going to be exceptional, I'm sure.
"lluuccyyyyyy, you got some explaining to doooo" "wwhhaaaaaaaa"
hellva cast
Bardem is just horribly miscast as Desi Arnaz.
Cate Blanchett was supposed to play Lucy!🤔
Looks great!!!  💗
Why is “Lucy” tuawking like she’s from Queens,NY?!?! 🤣😂🤣😂🤣
I cant wait, love behind the scenes movies
That'll be Exciting.
I am a HUGE fan of Lucy and Desi ! I can’t wait to watch this!!!!!
The Redhead actress shown in the trailer looks and moves more like Lucy.
News flash! Nicole Kidman is not Lucille Ball. And Lucille Ball was not Lucy Ricardo. That's how life works, folks. No need to write a novel about it in the comment section. 😂
is Nicole narrating the movie? and there hiding her as lucy. which makes me think they know Nicole is not funny. i hope this doesn't turn to trash
Disappointed in Bardems performance so far. He just sounds and looks like....himself
I love how they didn't show her face in a close up once. Because she looks nothing like Lucille Ball. Nor does she sound like her. Looked like Amazon just wanted a big name didn't care about how they looked or sounded.
Still wish they used Amy Poehler as Lucy!
Two words: Debra Messing
Diggin' the music in the background.
Sorkin? OK, that's interesting. Only problem is, I only hear Kidman. Bad, bad casting.
Still not convinced about Nicole as Lucy. I would have much preferred Debra Messing rather than Nicole 😔
This is looking very disapointing. The main actors don't really do them justice w/ accents and temperament. I hope they can salvage this some way
We have a release date! I repeat We have a release date!
The man gets top billing again.
OMFG!!  She already ruined Bewitched...& now she's messing with The Legend!!  PLEASE NICOLE....PLEASE!!  JUST STOP!!  Divorce ur fugly husband and get back with TC and make ur art house films!!!
Crap.. girl where's Debra..tf is this.
So excited to see Nina Arianda in this.
This could be a hit. It's a mini arrested development reunion.
Lucy I’m home :)
I'm only 18 years old, but watched every Lucy show ever made. It's my childhood and my present. I hope that this movie does the queen justice.
This the first Amazon Prime Video that is going to Theaters??
Have to say, Kidman's voice here in the narration is pretty darn close to what Lucille's was in the 1950's/1960's ... the accent, depth from smoking, and that mannish quality too. (Edit: We're talking about Lucille Ball's _real_ voice, not the character voices she used on her sitcoms. Just to clarify. There's a big difference.)  This should be an interesting production. Big fan of the Ricardos & Mertzes here; never get tired of those hilarious b+w episodes. My favorite one is Lucy meeting Bill Holden in Hollywood (remember the pie at the Brown Derby, and then her fake nose set ablaze in their hotel). 😄💖
One of THE worst trailers...EVER. 😳
I like the idea of employing Jaime Pressly too .
I thought it looked like Whiplash stylistically, then JK Simmons showed up!
A skinny Fred Mertz??? What the faaaak
I am equal parts excited and nervous for this!!!
AARON SORKIN AND LUCY????? ENOUGH SAID !  I know this is gonna be a nice one!!!
I've been watching I love lucy since I was a little girl....and now my girls watch it too 🥰
Didn’t even show Nicole Kidman lol just old clips of the original Lucille ball.
Lame
Very promising.
I look more like Lucy my mom was Swedish. But Desi Arnaz, is a distant cousin of mine. I never met him but still its cool!
Very excited!  Nicole is gonna be amazing!
Doesn't Nicole know how to say NO to anything?
Nicole didn't pronounce "Desi" the way Lucy did - with an "s" sound as opposed to a "z" sound.  I'm surprised no one (having to do with production) caught that or even cared about it.
I’ve never watched a trailer that doesn’t show the face of the star AT ALL!! What is this?!
Been looking forward to this all year! <3
Should of put Ramon Rodriguez, or jay Hernandez, & then Esai Morales as an older Desi Arnaz, 3 fine looking Latino men😭
She doesn’t even sound like Lucille Ball. Ball had a deep commanding voice. She just sounds like Nicole Kidman . I’ll wait until I see the whole movie to judge
Unbelievably, horrifyingly, wrong-headed idea.
I know what being a ricardo is like....it's hard
Lucy of Monaco
They are not showing her face, except in the 2 seconds black and white Montage clearly to avoid the controversy of her casting that could damage the interest in the film and create negative buzz. They will do private screening, invite the journalists and after they give Kidman raves(as always) they will craft the new official trailer with these raves in it to backup the controversial casting choice. By contraversial casting choice I mean the whole debacle over casting her instead Debra Messing, casting Kidman who looks or sounds nothing like Lucy and is not having any prosthetics, the fact that Kidman herself has changed her face again and it look unnatural compared to the natural faces in the 60s. That all said kudos to Kidman who still tried to pull this off(she is a great actress). I'm not a fan of the campaign behind this and whole rushing it to compete to awards and I fear this could be Lucille of Monaco.
Isn’t Javier Bardem Spanish lol that’s a European playing a Cuban
I’ll watch it but I still think Debra Messing and Jon Huertas would have been a better pairing just because I Love I Love Lucy
They should have used someone else as Lucy. She doesnt look a thing like her. Bad casting. Will and Grace woman should have been casted. Doesnt make sense
Don't know about Javier playing Desi. Although I cannot think of anyone else playing him at the top of my head.
This was a very smart trailer... hearing Nicole's nuanced performance of Lucy's non-acting voice takes the focus off of whether she looks similar to Lucy or not. I grew up watching all of Lucy's shows yet had no real interest in seeing this film before this trailer, I'm impressed with Nicole's voice acting, though, admittedly, a little wary about Javier's.
OMG this is going to be awesome. Nicole Kidman.... Always brilliant!
I am more excited about JK Simmons' portrayal of Bill Frawley than any other aspect of this production.
will they ACCURATELY portray Ricardo as the philanderer and wife-abuser that he was ? Numerous times, he beat his wife Lucy ( makeup dept CONFIRMED it ) so i hope they dont portray Ricardo as a saint when in reality, the guy was a despicable douchenozzle
I was hoping Cate Blanchett got the role of Lucille Ball.  She would have killed it.
I have many reservations that I'm too scared to comment on here because people love their nostalgia and get touchy on the subject. And I love Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz. They both had their merits and quirks...But all in all I see too much setup and payoff and not much of a story (based on this one trailer). But let's hope I'm wrong.
Love it! Nicole is actually a convincing Lucille Ball! Javier on the other hand...well I'll have to watch the film to fully analyze his performance. For those wanting to get a good look at Nicole in the teaser, change the playback speed to 0.5x or slower, then you can see her better 😊
Well, Babalu,...Ball and Arnaz were the first interracial couple to appear on TV and in front of a LIVE studio audience. She also announced her pregnancy on the show. Being TV Pioneers would have been difficult, considering and still to this day, even in reruns, she, her husband and the cast of this show are hilarious and our family never missed an episode! I'm a big fan. Yeah, ok, but can Nicole do "the LUCY Lip Curl and eeEWww face?  Not in this trailer !
Michael Pena would have been a much better Ricky!!!
Gee I wonder why the trailer didn't actually show Kidman and Bardem as the Ricardos yet.
You would think that they would actually show the Ricardo’s.
Magnifique! Can't wait for this. Nicole is killing it.
She is the absolute worst at accents. Travesty.
Respectfully, as a proud TCM and TV Land fan...*yawn*.
I can’t wait to see this! What a team of talented professionals! Aaron Sorkin wrote and directed this project?? Bring it on!!!
Wasn't sure about the cast until I saw J K Simmons as William Frawley. aka fred Mertz.
Why is everything so dark?  Old TV studios were blasted with light.  They weren’t filming in darkness.
I'm still not sure about this. Nicole Kidman still sounds like Nicole Kidman and I'm not feeling this yet.
I'm genuinely excited for this.
Looking forward to a jacked Fred Mertz. :D
I think Jaime Pressly makes a way better Lucy Ricardo; stomach-ache funny while cost-efficient, I dare say. But if a movie demands heart-pounding cold hard seriouso and some on-the-fly shape-shifting, then the more regal and expensive Kidman is THE one to carry that.
Is this Wandavision?
I have a feeling Nicole is going to be amazing as Lucy.
I thought Cate Blanchett was supposed to play Lucille Ball.
Nicole Kidman may well be one of the greatest actors of our time. Just listen to her voice in this trailer — and keep in mind that she is Australian putting on an American accent, and impersonating Lucile Ball. It's amazing.
Written and directed by Aaron Sorkin?  I'm definitely in!
Whoever was in charge of casting Javier and Nicole should be fired, this is just all sorts of wrong in every direction. Disappointing bc it looks like it has potential had the right actors been cast
A show about a show about a show. Looks good. I hope they won't compete for most foul mouthed as does seem to be the trend. That way, Mom and I can enjoy it.
I don’t know how I feel about this. Not going to lie: it looks nice but not sure about the feel
they def need to make the lashes longer! but looks like a great movie. too bad its only on Prime smh...
Even though I was born in 1996, I grew up with this show. I used to watch this show so much, Lucy and Desi sometimes feel like they could be my aunt and uncle. This looks very intriguing!
Smart move to only use one of her expressions.  You know it’s not even close on the casting.
Debra Messing, would have been the best Lucy.
YES!!!!!
I don’t like the casting choice of Javier Bardem as Desi.
I didn't know Aaron Sorkin couldn't make a movie so fast.
My favorite actress of all time Lucille Ball
I'm so happy for Tony Hale and Clark Gregg.
I saw written and directed by Aaron Sorkin….. will watch immediately!
I still think they should have chosen different actors for Lucy and Desi. Debra Messing would have been a great choice for Lucy! And the guy that plays Desi is much too old. Desi was only 33 when I Love Lucy started. I’ll watch the movie and I hope I’m pleasantly surprised with a great movie, but I’m still not sure. We’ll see
Casting an actual Cuban that looks like Desi would have been nice. Nicole looks great!
I’m not sure they used those words back in the 50s. Portfolio?
Nicole sounds like Nicole and Javiers accent is a different kind of Spanish accent it’s not Desi’s. I’ll still watch
I can hear the Lucille inflections when she speaks!
This looks great, and what a cast to chew on Mr. Sorkin's material!  Added to my calendar for sure.
it is releasing too early on prime video
This was a show from the 50s where the lead role was a strong-willed woman and her husband was Cuban.  That's pretty forward thinking for the time.
I’ll check it out. I’ve watched the show my entire life even tho she died 5 months after I was even born. Hopefully it’s good and not overdramatized.
Well, I've got to admire Kidman for even attempting to pull this off.
I wasn’t sure about Nicole as Lucy… but that grape scene sold me! 🙌🏽
Nicole Kidman’s 2nd Oscar 😍
Joe Biden looks for cabbage patch kids In a garden.
It has Lucie Arnaz's stamp of approval. I'm in!
I kept expecting a dramatic reveal of Nicole as Lucy at the end of this trailer.
I still love LUCY
I don't think Nicole has to be exactly 100% looking like Lucille Ball, as long as she can give an excellent performance and nailed the personality of Lucy, it should be fine for her
Written and directed by Aaron Sorkin? Prepare yourself for some fast paced incredible dialogues
Not bad ill give it a shot
Nicole Kidman is a great actress but no one can play Lucille Ball. Any actress is setting themselves up for disappointment.
Not sure that having an actress who's famously frozen her face with botox, is the best choice for one of the most facially expressive comedic performers of all time.
Funny that we saw a lot of Javier Bardem, but they didn't show Nicole Kidman very much. I'm afraid that they're hiding the fact that she doesn't play a very convincing Lucille Ball.
LOVE Nicole Kidman, but I would have liked to have seen an up and coming actress play Lucy. Maybe she will prove me wrong
can someone else hear d*bra m*ssing crying right now?
Ugh... no thanks!
It's very quiet here.  Like, A Quiet Place, or something.
But did this I Love Lucy theme remix give anyone else goosebumps?
Great, a trailer that no one sees Edit: it was a trailer that could be seen only if you have a link.
