00:01 , 04:19, personal highlights. Good video
The crazy part is that the end of this movie could be one of the big plot points in Avengers: Doomsday and Secret Wars. Really, Marvel/Disney?
hahahahahaha that intro, and then the real intro at 21 seconds in... yeah, say no more.
It's written by committee, then edited by test-screening reactions.
Been saying it for years that post-Endgame they should’ve taken time off with having 20th Century Fox takeover and all they could’ve recalibrated and gave the audience a break too—leaving the audience wanting more MCU.
They just made the boys's Girls Get It Done meme😅
Got here cause I just finished Ms. Marvel series. She's great in it, thinking I want more but I guess she can't save this.
BRILLIANT!!! 3:40
This movie was terrible
I thought it was an ok movie.  Better than some lately.
I always thought Monica Rambou was a completely boring and pointless character. Oh well
The plot was Spaceballs actually. Total Spaceballs.
I actually liked the flerken scenes. Anyways, the movie was poorly written. Very boring.
This movie is so bad that I'm on my third day of watching it now because it's so so bad. I'll have to watch the rest some other day. I expected so much more from Captain Marvel but the terrible production and directing really clipped everybody's wings. This has to be the biggest flop in MCU history. Marvel Ent., please do not do this again.
Today is Nov 16, 2024 and I just watched The Marvels for the first time. I'm a 50 yr old straight guy, just coincidently and I had the BEST time watching this movie. I like hero power scaling on the screen, I like sci-fi... this movie rocked as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, it's not Winter Soldier. It's not trying to be. It's trying to be what it is and all the spectacle such a right off the comic page feeling to me. The stuff you're saying... I don't get it.
Never saw Ms Marvel show but Kamala Khan made this movie watchable for me. It still took me 3 days to get through it.
It is important to have equal representation in video games and movies. It is for the modern audience, which consists of only women who are racially diverse. Just like all people in New York and democrats on Food Stamps.
The only good superhero movie is spiderman2 and the 1st avengers. Everything else is garbage
Movie was under 2 hours and still took my 3 try’s to watch the whole thing. Kept falling asleep and starting where I left off 😂😂😂
I failed to understand the movie because I didn't know the other Marvels.
idk just watched it almost a year later for the first time, i enjoyed it
I just watched the movie and I enjoyed it.
Finally decided to watch the movie and it's complete garbage.
I havent seen a movie in 3 years and I am happy to watch Jeremy's reviews. 9/10 I agree with his ratings and he saves me from watching horrible movies. Without Jeremy's review I could tell that this was going to be a dumpster fire. Marvel is sinking and they don't have the foresight to self correct. Ignoring the audience and making terribly scripted movies is a formula for disaster. Build up a story, create a hero that is likable. Don't waste your money on expensive CGI, people want to feel something. They couldn't care less about a fight sequence that lasts 20 seconds.
it wasn't inconsistent power swapping. it was when they used the powers at the same exact time...
Perfect 0:27 video for THAT question now i get to give my answer for WORST m she u villain is Captain marvel! 😆
LMAO 🤣 it's ACTUALLY the 1st whole 1 min into the video i heard from another creator lol but IDK cuz i got 4 strikes& ban for life from uploading then again i guess go check what's left standing on my ch LMAO not shorts but the longer ones there's not many left but the few that are there's a few good ones there I'm shocked still exist lol 😆 ah man CENSORSHIP sucks! Anyway there's that so I wouldn't know about it since it's changed so much it's a moving target cuz why would we want our rules to make sense tos who needs THAT to make sense! Ugh
Love the comment about that South Park episode. "How wrong can you get it." 😂
0:23 lmao
yet at this place in time he didn't know how much worst the MCU was gonna go....
This movie felt like  a mess. Sorry to say.
1:14
I actually feel kind of bad for Brie Larson. She got tons of abuse online for some reason and she got shredded and ripped....for this to be the end product. I don't remember Captain Marvel being this boring in the 1st one at all. She does well in the dramatic scenes but the plot and writing is ass anyway 😂
As someone who did watch ms marvel,, I pretty much only watched the marvels bc i like her character, did not care about the other two at all,, kinda thought the thing with den bar or whatever her name was came out of no where,, sorta reminded me of some stuff in the empyre comic and made me wish they, like, foreshadowed smth with hulkling since he felt like hed make sense to be brought up there, and they tease the you avengers but with ms marvel leading it and recruiting kate at the end of the movie,, so it justmade me think of what they couldve done essentially if it went a way different way with the movie,,, and i may be biased bc the young avengers is my favourite group from the comics, but still,,,,, and yeah, ms marvel definitely is what held it together for me, tho i will say, i liked captain Marvel's character a lot more in this movie thanher original one,, not that it was a great character here, but it atleast felt like she actually, like, had some personality if that makes sense,, i felt like in her og movie she was pretty hollow, and it felt like she actually had some stuff to work with this time, which was nice
AI could have done a better job making your video.
TBH wasn’t able to continue watching this movie till the end , it really suck
There Is a 5th Dimension, beyond which is known to women and to the occasional beta male. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. This is a dimension that completely lacks imagination. It is an area we call the Pander Zone.
More than any of the other MCU-Flicks, this feels like something made by (a confused) committee, further mutilated in post-production. Aside from Iman Vellani (in front of the camera) and Laura Karpman (who wrote the, admittedly, fairly entertaining Score) no one involved in this seemed to really have fun doing it. It feels unfinished, stitched together and half-assed. And doesn't look anything near its gigantic budget. There are a few decent fight scenes built around the gimmick that the three change places when they use their powers, Sam Jackson is reliable as always, the scene where they evacuate the Station using the Flerkens is kinda hilarious in a messed up kind of way and Iman Vellani is likeable (as is her characters' family). Aside from that, not much positive to say, I'm afraid. This is not the worst MCU-related thing released in recent years, but I think it represents the franchise at its low point because it just seemed tired.
how the mighty fall
Couldn't make it through the first Captain Marvel
i liked the action. and the post credits scene. the rest i can take or leave
I'm starting to get pissed off at the absolute waste of Rambeau's amazing backstory. For such a " Progressive" Studio, they sure as hell seem happy to make her fawn over every white lead female. It's getting obnoxious.
The cat scene was the only redeeming quality this film had.   Might just be bias, since I like cats.
“Office Space” will never dies!!!
Things I don't understand about modern Disney (MCU, classics, etc.). 1. These films are certainly watched by the directors and crew as well as test audiences. Doesn't anyone realize what kind of weird nonsense some of it is? 2. Can no one really assert themselves anymore and say to the stakeholders that these modern works are just trash? 3. These films are produced in the USA. Do they get no feedback from US or English language YouTubers or content creators like you, for example, who point out that all of these modern films are soulless and CGI trash? 4. When series or films like this Mrs Marvell or something like that were made, didn't anyone notice that it was complete shit and didn't appeal to normal people? 5. Why do they have to allow themselves to be so oppressed by all these GENDER WOKE organizations? I don't give a damn about the opinion of a few useless women who think equality and WOKE madness are the key to making good films and series. They have absolutely no idea about art and films.    sad world
If you wanna see a good parody, look up " "Netflix Adaption"  by "Meme Zee". Sorta what i see South Park parodying Disney at this point haha
The flarkins eating all the people on Nick Fury‘s spaceship was pretty cool though.
Glad I was to busy to hit the local theater this week to view!
5:82 elaborate this part, i think you dont fully understand how the switching mechanism lol
I avoided watching this movie because everyone spoke so negatively about it.  Then I decided to watch it to understand the hate. And I really enjoyed it. I didn't need it to be brilliant or mysterious or anything like that. I just thought it was fun. If you have Disney+, watch the first few minutes for yourself, decide if it's entertaining, then either continue to watch it or go do something else. You too may be pleasantly surprised.
Think the plot was an apology for the first movie, I liked the characters interactions.
I feel sorry for you pal. You must never have enjoyed comics as a kid...or still enjoy them as an adult. Go watch big boys movies and leave us nerds alone.
Dude at this point NOBODY is missing the MCU or rather M-She-U,,, we ALL miss the old MCU the good MCU but lets be honest thats never coming back anytime soon
The movie is extra dumb.  I literally just finished and already forgot most of it.
They are just trying to make female equivalent of male characters who originally were so good... Like peter parker - kamala khan, ronan - whatever female ronan, thor - female thor, iron man - future iron heart, t'challa - shuri, etc in the name wokeness or things like that... Which is what making marvel go down... Coz if they are bringing new characters let them have their originality, their uniqueness. Coz if they are similar to previous characters people would compare them and would get dissappointed when they are not upto mark set earlier by original characters.  Like when i first watched ms marvel eventhough the powers are different from peter parker but still there presentation is similar peter had with tony who later developed a genuine feeling bond of him as a figure who inspires him to be like and it was conveyed back by tony stark. But its lacking between kamala and carol  Also loki's equivalent female loki... Ant man and his daughter... Others you guys can mention if i missed...
I finally watched this movie today with my mom and I did enjoy it but it does has its flaws tho and I will get into that one soon and Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel played by once again my girl Brie Larson she did a great job for this role and it was so good to see her character back in this movie and she was so badass as this character too and she sure is so incredible sexy as hell bro and she is so gorgeous too and I’m a huge fan of her now love her to death man and Prince-Yan played by Park Seo-joon he did a great job too as well and he was so good for this role and I really did enjoy him in this movie tho and Ms Marvel played by Imran Vellani she did a great job too as well and she was so awesome for this role and she was so badass in this film and it was so good to see her in this movie role too and Dar-Benn played by my other girl Zawe Ashton she did a great job as the main villain role for this movie and she was so awesome for this role and she was badass as the main villain role for this movie too and she is so incredibly sexy as hell bro and she is so gorgeous too and I’m a fan of her now too love her to death man and Maria Rambeau played by Lashana Lynch she did a great job too and she was so awesome for this role and it was good to see her character back too and finally Nick Fury played by Samuel L Jackson he did a great job too but he was barely in this movie tho but it was so good to see his character back for this movie tho too and overall I’m gonna give The Marvels (2023) 9.5/10 stars I really did enjoy this movie tho but could of been better if it was longer tho but I still did enjoy this movie for what it was tho but that’s just me though in my opinions and thoughts on this movie Jeremy Jahns bro
Dude that movie was absolutely terrible I just watched it and gave it a chance and it was like a joke they really made Captain marvel look terrible she looks  dumb and stupider than before the whole movie sucked. Woke BS
Not 1 man hero, all women and teens girls...its so obvious the agenda 2030 has bleeded into this movies. They are canceling the men. it will only lead to destroy humanity trying to eliminate the 1 sex.
I wanted to like this one but it wasn't great. Still better than The Eternals
a big mess
Screw, you nerds, just watch the Marvels. It was GREAT!!! 🤩🤩🤩 WHAT IS WIYH YOU NERDS??!!🤔🤔🤔 YOU don't like an Female Lead Hero Movie??!!🤔🤔
Iron man didn't die for this
I’m not a big fan of the movie either JJ, but I don’t feel like I’ve disliked a movie that you also disliked as much or more than me.    So it was refreshing to see you this disappointed in a movie that doesn’t a deserve any praise.  😅
I really enjoyed the movie! It must be sad to not be able to enjoy anything. I don’t get the intense hate. You didn’t pay attention like you also didn’t with Captain Marvel, where you missed several key points and complained about them in your review.   This movie was engaging from start to finish, The Marvels had a good chemistry, and the villain was a good one with proper motivation.
Iman velani is the only thing about this movie worth a damn..
It feels like a girl power movie more feminist bs
Watched it on D+ and was better than expected, above average Marvel movie to me
Am watching the movie now, and Kamala Khan saves this movie. Brie Larson...I mean...does Brie Larson even have any facial expressions? And why does she play Carol as someone on the spectrum? She has amnesia not asberger's.
I normally think your spot on, but everyone is hating on the marvels not perfect, but the Beastie Boys montage was great memories with cats was hilarious and why is everyone beating up this poor movie?
The villain got the job because she's fucking Tom Hiddleston. Make sense now?
Ok so, no hate to you Jeremy, I love your videos and have watched them for the longest time and will continue to do so, but, just sharing my own opinion here, I think you’re being too harsh with this movie.  You said that after watching the second trailer you were like “this looks like generic big budget mcu space adventure nonsense” and I’m sorry but… like, that’s the point. You say that like it’s a bad thing but that has literally been the mcu for the longest time, just switch space adventure for any other kind of adventure but it’s always been a bunch of crazy things thrown together, I mean, look at the source material, the comics (except for a couple stories) aren’t that much different. They’re supposed to be fun adventures.   The Monica x carol heartfelt moment I agree wasn’t the best… at first. When Carol talks about the reason why she didn’t go back earlier, the heartfelt element, got turned up. It’s not like gut wrenching shit that will make you cry non stop for days, but… that’s not really different from most other marvel movies, and it’s not like it was badly done, I feel like even if it doesn’t make you bawl your eyes out, it does make you feel things, and it’s sweet when you see carol being like “I really wanted to come back”. It wasn’t the worst thing.  Now, as for Monica’s character, I don’t think that her having “a higher purpose” or “being at the right place at the right time” in the plans for the mcu, means that she becomes a mcguffin (or however you write that). I think her character had some good amount of development. She could’ve had more but it wasn’t a terrible amount.   Now, dar’ven imo couldn’t be more different from Ronan. Yes, they both have a hammer, but aside from that, that’s where the differences end. Ronan wanted to conquer and rule, dar’ven wanted to save her world. That was it. She just wanted to save it, and if that meant she had to kill others, well so be it, but she wasn’t out lusting for power the way Ronan was. I mean, you say she’s the worst of all the mcu. I’m sorry but there is no way in hell she’s even close to the shit show that was modok.   You say that on execution, dar’ven and carol’s dynamic was bad, but I disagree. I do think it wasn’t the best, that I’ll give you, but you’re talking about it like it was the worst and I personally feel like there’s worse in the mcu.  I also never felt like there was a missing movie full of set up to watch this movie, I mean, I feel like it’s pretty straightforward. Carol kills the supreme intelligence like she said she would do, and chaos breaks lose, causing the downfall of the kree world. It’s pretty clear imo.   The hammer thing just really didn’t bother me. I see your point though. I just don’t necessarily agree with it. I mean, the hammer comes from the Kree. It’s their weapon for those of high enough ranks I assume. It’s like saying that soldiers using assault rifles is them not knowing how to do anything new or original. Like… it’s just a weapon. A weapon that happens to channel purple energy when the source of the energy is purple, like it has been in the two situations when it channeled energy.   The characters don’t swap every time they use their powers, they swap when they use them at the same time. It’s explained in the film.   Marvel’s CGI has become more and more noticeable. That I can agree with, but it never felt like I was watching Frodo run into mount doom levels of noticeable.   I do agree that singing world was a bit… outlandish, but I thought it was fun. The singing world I think is really up to personal taste. You didn’t like it, I did, and maybe someone else would feel nothing either good or bad towards it. I thought it was fun. Could’ve lived without it but I’m not bothered that it is there. Also, Carol changing into a Cinderella-esque dress through her suit’s tech was funny to me in the context of it all.   Also, that cat thing wasn’t dumb at all. It makes perfect sense to have the cats do what they do in that scene. Not dumb at all. I mean it’s outlandish if you want, but it makes sense, it isn’t out of place in the world of the marvels, specially when we’ve already seen goose do her thing before and during this film.  Wym you don’t know the plot? The plot was to introduce the quantum bands, expand upon the current state of the kree empire,  expand upon the multiverse thing and do all that while developing  Monica’s, Carol’s and Kamala’s character.   I really think this movie isn’t as bad as you make it out to be. I enjoyed it more than a lot of of mcu films. It’s solid. It’s not the best or a highlight but it’s solid enough.   To anyone reading this, give the marvels a chance. If you like marvel movies, you’ll probably like this one. I did.
Yeah you should watch Ms Marvel if you liked her here. She’s just like that in the show.
Movie was fun to watch - just finished watching it. The plot was definitely uneven and a bit janky though. Iman Vellani was definitely the heart of the movie.   It wasn't about using powers. It is about using powers simultaneously which as why Carol told Kamala not to use her powers when she was trying to save the Skrulls
I loved the singing people and I loved the cats 😅 I actually thought the movie was great and everyone just wanted to hate it.
The dlc part killed me
I should've watched this review before watching on stream because goddamn, you hit the nail on the head. This movie would've been better as a 2nd season of "Ms. Marvel".
I thought it was a series but I enjoyed the film. I think it was very fun and ms. marbles family are hilarious.
I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. I thought it was funny and the singing aliens were intriguing to me and the scenery was breathtaking. The villain was ok and could've been better, but to me she didn't suck except in the brains department. Rainbow was awesome although i wish we saw more of her. The only question i have is Where did the other bangle go? Did it disappear or what? The flargon cats were cute and hilarious. I'd personally  give it a 6-7/10. Btw i think Kamala was great and her acting will carry her far. You Go girl!
Disney -- Can we finally get Season 2 of Ms. Marvel please?   Anyways, I finally saw this film and Jeremy's review is spot-on.  Iman Vellani is the only reason to see this - she is easily the best character and actress onscreen.  If you haven't seen the Disney+ Ms. Marvel series, check that out; it is perhaps the most glowing Marvel work (besides Loki).  Otherwise, this is unfortunately the worst Marvel film in the bunch (yes, worse than Eternals).  It does appear as if Disney chopped this film up because there are just so many awkward transitions -- like there are scenes De Costa filmed but were left on the cutting room floor.  I do wonder if there is a director's cut here, though given how truly lacking thus script is, I suppose no one will want to see it.
SPOILERS:  This movie could've been good and it did have some good ideas. I liked the idea of how Captain Marvel's actions in the first movie fucked over the Cree world. They should've explored this more.  I think this movie should've been about identity crisis and also imposter syndrome. In the first movie, Captain Marvel uses her powers and therefore identity to "save the day" only to realize she screwed over the Cree world. Not only this, but Captain Marvel literally can't recall her past and who she was before. Her being a hero also affected her relationship with Rambo. They should've explored these things in this movie a lot more and have her really struggle with who she is, and if what she is is good (similar to Tobey Maguire's Spiderman 2).  At the same time, Captain Marvel is also one of the strongest avengers yet she messes up by screwing the Cree world over, and also not being able to save Rambo. Should've explored this more and had her question if she's good enough. Then at the end/climax, have her tie the identity crisis and imposter syndrome into accepting who she is currently and her finding her own voice. They could even tie this to feminism in a smart way.
Just saw movie on Disney +. It was ok. Not as bad as everyone made it seem.  Every review for this movie praises Iman Vellani.  Kinda feels like theres a concerted effort to review bomb Disney and people feel a need to apologize to Vellani as collateral damage...
it's not my least favorite Marvel movie, and I thought it was much better than Captain Marvel which I was bored while watching it.  but yeah, Iman Vellani is pretty much the reason the movie is even enjoyable at all.  When Ms. Marvel was announced I was expecting to hate the character, but she is surprisingly very likable.  She's also not a flawless Mary Sue.
They explain in the movie that if they use their powers at the same time that's when they swap
Don't get me wrong I don't like the Captain Marvel character very much in the MCU, but people are treating this movie like it's 2016 Ghost Busters?  Marvel has given us some pretty unwatchable stuff in the last few years (including the Captain Marvel movie) and I don't think this is as bad as people are making it. I have just the same exact complaints as the last dozen Marvel projects but I wouldn't say it is more egregious than usual.
This wasn't a traditional planned movie this is a multiverse there's going to be some movies last good than others but it's the universe that they're trying to forge when it comes to the marbles a lot of things you said is true except I think the point was to create the Young avengers and give them time to shine and show a little more Miss marvel and start the X-Men into the universe it completed everything on the bad guy was supposed to be a little copy and paste because the civil war the whole mess up the fact that they missed they miss the old way of life but it was a superhero that destroyed a civilization and the side effects of that
Watching this right now on Disney + and I'm bored!
OMG, it was so bad my entire family could not finish watching it on Disney+. We have watched some less-than-stellar movies on Disney+ but have pushed through them. We could do so for this movie, though.
i had no intention of watching this at all tbh because marvel and superhero movies in general have been awful in my opinion. i was just at a friends house and he put this on for whatever reason, and i didnt know we were watching a movie. i thought we were watching the show. the quality is just so bad, i found it hard to believe i was watching a multimillion dollar movie. the cgi, the action, the writing, the story, the tone, and the pacing were just all low budget feeling that you would expect from a show. i didnt even understand what the hell the plot was about either. and dont even get me started on the post-credit scene. that shit just reminded me of morbius and vulture teaming up for no reason. it was that bad and stupid.
It was a good movie I figured all the negative crap was just b s I was right
Mean girls with super powers.  This rocket blew up on the pad. Tsk
After watching the movie for myself I’m glad I’ve seen it before I watched this review and others lol this would of changed my opinion on a film that I enjoyed lol
I thought Captain marvel was good, so i started watching The marvels yesterday. After about 10minuttes i just thought to myself: I don't have the patience to watch this shit.
I just watched it this afternoon. I had fun with it and I must say that it as more to do with Iman Vellani's acting. She is sweet and funny an acts like a teenager put in her situation, even though the actress herself is 21 now. The cats thing and the singing aliens - I could have done without. Villain was terrible but the two adult leads were not great either.
Actually found this quite enjoyable after all the negative reviews around it.
6:37 it could have worked in the 2017 DuckTales ReBoot
Which is worse, The Marvels or The Flash?
The writing in this movie was absolute garbage. The dialogue... Painful.  I only watched it because I have Disney+ and I feel robbed.
Duck tales 😂😂😂😂😂
It’s not one of Marvel’s better movies. I did think the cats swallowing the crew was pretty funny, but the plot was too thin, B. Larson is still almost robotic with here acting. I agree with the rest of Jeremy’s review, it’s such a forgettable movie.
The only pay off is the X-men post credit
For me, the cat scene was the best part of the movie
This movie was fun as hell. Y'all super bogus.
T-minus 1 day? I couldn't even remember what happened from one scene to the next.
So I actually saw this review when deciding whether or not to see the Marvels in theaters, and obviously this swayed me in the opposite direction. I wasn't a fan of the Captain Marvel movie and thought Ms. Marvel was just passable. I have to say I'm disappointed in this review after watching it on Disney+. Is The Marvels the best MCU movie? Not by a long shot, but the plot and acting was a lot better than you gave it credit for. I was honestly expecting a hot mess of a movie with a patchwork plot, but instead I got a pretty heartfelt movie with some funny moments and pretty good fights. I know MCU fatigue is a thing, but that doesn't mean we need to discount every film that's not a certified masterpiece as terrible. While I do feel the villain could have been more fleshed out and the Kree could have used a bit more filling, that's really the only downside to this movie (if you can call it that). It's solid, it sucks that you kind of need to know the backstory of the Captain Marvel movie and Wandavision to understand how we got to this point and why we should care, but that's kind of how these MCU movies roll ever since Phase 2. While there have been a couple movies that have really shat the bed this Phase, I'm not counting this as one of them. Just lighten up and let the movie play out, and you'll end up having a good time.
They have to use their powers at the same time to swap.. you're welcome.
Title is wrong it should be Ms marvel khan. Inshallah
Kamala khan maksat pura hua 😂 why what happened to marvel after end game they justified only for loki
The baddies doing baddie things and needs to be stopped it too funny lmaoooooo 😂😂😂😂
Just watched this on Disney plus. This seemed like a set up movie for just X-men. Kamala Khan is great… the cat stuff was something to have the parents and Fury to get his paycheck. The only part that I hear for but it was still weird as F was the singing world. Glad it was free and happy to not watch again…. Kinda like Marvels What If?? Season 2
Hands down the worst Marvel movie. This movie makes Thor the dark world and iron Man 3 look like masterpieces.
I really enjoyed this movie! Don't see anything wrong with it
I just watched the movie and I believe that the switch happens when they use their powers at the same time. I’m not 100 percent sure. I actually liked the movie for what it was. I think they should have done a better job explaining Monica’s powers and the cuts that they made in the beginning of the film were horrible. They were clearly shaving off time so the movie wouldn’t be too long but the changes were so quick that I was left confused. I think it’s interesting how much hate this film got and this review kind of is apart of that. Lol they literally showed them training to make the swap in their favor by counting to 3 and using their powers together to swap and also said what they were doing out loud and  yet people are saying they didn’t understand it. Did you really give the movie a try or did you make up your own opinion beforehand and just didn’t pay attention. The move wasn’t great and I understand why people are tired of marvel but everyone keeps repeating the same things over again about how marvel has lost its way.
The singing part ruined the movie
Just watched the movie on the shitty D today, and I have to say, This is ABSOLUTELY one of the worst movies ive seen in a long time. Not just MCU, but in general. What in the WORLD happened!??!!?!?!?!? >=(
Dude...I just hate watched the marvel and Holy fuck is it bad...
I've been a comic fan since the 70's and this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Disney totally disgraced themselves and this character.
just watch it. Though it was a sold movie and I enjoyed it. It was the best MCU movie, not at all but it wasn't bad and was much better than I expected it to be.
Carol Denvers & Villain. Thats her name😂 Villain
This film was bad
I mean that's the best movie I've watched out of these movies it's not great but just better than the others
I think you are absolutely right. Disdey should take a few years to reevaluate what are doing wrong with MCU. Because after Endgame they are missing way more than they are hitting. It's getting kinda sad, cause I've loved what was built. Like, I didn't read the comics, I didn't know about the avengers or most of what was shown, beside spider man, I guess.  Was fan to get excited about something for long. I was a teen when I watched iron man 1, and by endgame I was 29. That was pretty much my 20s.  Would be fun to be invested into some big franchise again. But beside Doctor Strange and Guardians 3, everything else felt disappointing. Even Bucky, god knows I would watch everything sebastian stan is it, cause i love him since that crappy teen warlock movie in 2000s. I was even happy for him even he landed a role in gossip girl, and later in a marvel movie. So when I say, nah, i didn't love bucky' series, that hit hard. I hope thunderbolts don't disappoint, because because i love most of its cast. But I kinda don't have high hopes at this point :(
In fantastic four the animated series episode 17 there is a girl that looks remarkably like Kamala Mrs marvel in the background in a blink and you'll miss it moment. Although it's over 10 years before her said introduction.
does fiege even watch these reviews before uproving the next installment of crappy movies?
shit ass movie with stupid agenda
What a funnyng joke is this pure crap it's like eating a pizza with expired products with a bleach! Whatever happens in the future it's in your hands!
What is I ya do here? Lol 👀
Best part of the movie....when the credits started
Iman Vellani has an endearing quality to her because she's Canadian.
Calling people stupid for not liking a movie is a perfect metaphor for the world nowadays. Its a movie that was good enough to make it to the big screen. All the peiple hating on the mcu after endgame can eat shit cause endgame wasnt even the good one. 🤷 Hate to tell yall but nobody here is right marvel is still dominant over anything and them haters are making it bigger 😂
This review was awesome!!! 😂😂😂
I tried watching this on a pirate site, couldn't watch past the sing song planet scene.
After watching the movie I thought it was fine not good also not to bad just fine I give it 7/10
Please stop spreading this false info about the movie being the worst. Clearly that was Love and Thunder, then Black Widow, then Quantummania. The Marvels was a good movie with good easter eggs and better post credit scenes. The hate for women heroes needs to stop.
The plot was the villain attempting to restore their planets main resources(air,water,sun) by forcefully taking the resource’s of other planets that are related to Captain marvel who stripped them of those core resources to begin with🤷🏾‍♀️. Am I the only one who can enjoy a MCU film without being critical. Feels like the standards are way too high nowadays
It was absolute rubbish!
I recently had the pleasure of watching "The Marvels," and I must say it was nothing short of a spectacular cinematic journey. From start to finish, the film captivated my attention with its gripping storyline, breathtaking visuals, and stellar performances.
It's possible you enjoyed Miss Marvel the most BECAUSE you didn't see the series. Fresh eyes and all that. But it's true, her character is just as endearing in the series as in this movie, despite the series having a story that's just as basic.
Watched it last night. The plot was..... Spaceballs.
Just saw the movie. It was appalling. I agree on Iman being the only good thing in it (she surprised me for good, since she had annoyed me a little in her Disney+ show). Everything looked so boring and like a Disney+ show... Hell, even some Disney+ shows looked more cinemagraphic than this turd. Super cheap and uncreative. And no proper story to tell, which is something that specially hurts (I can pass on the low-cost aspect if they at least offer me a story and good characters, which is not the case). Even some of the random agents of SABER, the ones with the most screen time, didn't feel like actual actors. It was that bad.
Disney cannot execute MCU material effectively. People do not want woke philosophies in their movies and as long as Disney's focus is on that- the revenue they generate from it= will be Meh. I own Most of MCU's pre-Disney movies. I own few and now will never buy another Disney produced one. Dr. S part 2 was the last. Disney keeps trying to make films with ALL of the most UNDERREPRESENTED people in America or the World. The problem with that is that will more or less be your audience and they will be few. Did this movie HAVE to have all Women Superhero's? Did they ALL have to be different ethnicities? It's like when the young marvel for DS2 had lesbian mothers?! Frankly, if I had kids, I wouldn't even want to expose them to that until they were old enough to grasp what it was. Oh, and I only date T's so I'm kind of a part of the Demographic that they cater to, but I hate that they cater to it. Stop force feeding people inclusivity all the time, where the content's value comes from it's stance and not it's material. This is why Disney will just keep losing money on this. I hate Stan Lee for selling it to them and them for ruining it. You killed the golden cow.
Anything without Ms Marvel in the movie was pretty bad. Atleast she made it a bit bearable. The movie, the villain and the story is pretty forgettable and feels pretty pointless.
Gatekeeping hater. Loved the movie.  Why are haters not happy unless everyone hates what they hate.   You should rethink your life and understand why you put so much time and energy into making hateful videos. Just let it go man and jet people like what they like.
DIALOGUE was absolutely for kids like literally. WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. I WANT MY REFUND PLEASE!!!
FEMINIST movie gone BAD.
I could only manage to watch about 30 minutes of this, The move is a total joke, worse than a b grade movie, no thanks Marvel,
looking where the music game went in the last 10 yrs was expected to see movies this shit
Worst Marvel movie ever, worst superhero movie ever. Dancing ? Singing ?  Stop making this crap.
This movie made me say - FUCK FEMINISM !!!!
Yeah this is the worst MCU movie. Was just really dumb and pointless wkth the emotional scenes being wasted
I ended up watching it. My kids liked it, but I’d have to say it was not very good. One too much black music absolutely horrible. Nobody likes that crap. Too many black actors. Very bad acting keep going work and go broke.
Yeah she is a great ms marvel
Seriously and I thought the first one was terrible even worse
He said Duck Tales 🤣😂🤣😂😭
And John Wick 4 for you was the best movie of the year!!! 😳
They only switch when they use their powers at the same time if only one uses their power they don't switch it is explained in the movie
i watched like 3 minutes of it. and good bye. it's ridiculous. its cringy
I knew this movie was going bomb because Marvel as of lately seems to not put too much effort like they used to, for example pre End game.  Favorite Marvel villain will forever be Killmonger!
Kamala Kahn has that naive vibe going for her.. She's a fangirl, loves Carol Danvers and seems genuinely amazed that her life has crossed paths with her.  Danver's character in the original Captain Marvel and in Engame was an overpowered Mary Sue... now, she gets knocked on her ass from a pew pew..   The bad gurl, even though you can see they tried to justify her reasons, comes through as an A-Team villain...  AS for the switching gimmick, ugh, yeah, it really is frustrating when you can see that the level of inconsistency; it takes you out of the movie.   I'm expecting the 8 hour @mauler review of this movie to jump-start my 2024.
Making an action movie that is obviously catered to a specific audience that doesn't really watch action movies was a huge mistake. RIP MCU
The bad guy wasn’t even bad.
The ADR of Beast in the post credit scene is so sloppy it's mind boggling
I'm glad this was mostly a movie review with minimal reference to culture war nonsense.  It's hard to find reviews of goddamn anything nowadays that aren't trying to sell political agendas.  I'll forgive you the one joke as you weren't coming from a cynical place and it was only the one.
A white A Muslim A black all women.. this is gender diversity and social justice crap. Not a movie. 😅😅😅😅
It was actually pretty decent yall
I just fell asleep on it, woke up and skimmed through it. Dry comedy , jumping rope, and a weak joke of a villain. I just this was a contractual obligation movie.
I’m always angry
It does feel that this movie was written by AI. A test run.
let's address the elephant in the room shall we
The movie was a 10/10 for me
Remember folks if you have a terribly written movie, create a "multiverse" so you don't have to explain why it sucks.
Just watched The Marvels and I don't think it was that bad. Maybe I was expecting a dumpster fire based on everyone review. But after watching it, I don't think its bad at all. Better than Antman 2 IMO.
i enjoyed it
Dude I can't believe how they gave Captain Marvel a Disney princess dress transformation with the sparkles falling down as the dress appears and everything like this isn't a Disney movie it's a Marvel movie but now that they're owned by Disney everything feels the same
Comic book movies need to take a break in general, and now supposedly MCU will do an all female X-men and gender bend Silver Surfer so they didn't learn from this disaster apparently.
IGN give this an 8 but top guy maverick, a 7.
What a SHAT movie!!! Got damn all over the place. One person can't use something because it kills them..the other can easily....because.  Female empowerment lol....let's just get all the great characters and make them females and stick them in a movie and make them do things....and add some pretty average 'deep emotional' stuff in there....and throw in a dance/song number....because lol  Then tying it to the xmen? lol like seriously WTF lol  ooooffff. Glad I didn't pay to see this. Wouldn't ever give money to marvel or disney now anyway.
I’m watching this now (my husband chose) and it’s bloody terrible. It’s worse than the recent Scorsese debacle 🤦🏽‍♀️ films have gone to crap.
It’s genuinely the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, The marvel is worse than she hulk and Shazam
I love how YTers can curse in their vids, but my comments are being deleted or flagged for any sort of swear. I listen to heavily-vulgar prank calls, I recite something said, and boom, I've been given a warning about abusive behavior.
I haven’t watched this one yet. I don’t doubt that it is just as awful as Quantomania. I mean the first one sucked, why make Cap. Marvel a sequel? Also why not learn from their mistakes urgggg.  But the film I hate most passionately is Multiverse of Madness, for recking Wanda’s character development, destroying the legacy of WandaVision, and the movie being about a woman we don’t care about, with a ridiculous power, rather than about Dr. Strange. Also destroying all of Kamar Taj within like the opening scene? Only Strange and Wann surviving? WTF
Same formula but corny
Why can't they ever get the actors to build themselves up to actually look like superheroes not just a pretty face like Wonder Woman is a thick strong amazon not a Covergirl model most of superheroes don't look like they can do anything
Let's see...  The Kree's planet is inhospitable because of the lack of oxygen, so they had to resort to stealing oxygen. The planet of the Spaceballs is inhospitable because of the lack of oxygen, so they had to resort to stealing oxygen.
I miss the ending punch. Where is my f.cking end punch Jahns, don't f.uck with me, I WANT MY END PUNCH ! (Ok, i just like it, thats all)
I call this movie 'Charlies Angels'. Cuz that's pretty much all it is. Three OP women in tights, with a single male character to give guidance.
Hahaha I loved Jeremy pretending to be the marvel pitch idea guy
This movie sucks but I still say The Flash is the worst comic book film of the year just from how desperate it felt and it's also visually the ugliest movie of the year.
Is it worse than Thor love and thunder?
what's the plot?  well it's a Disney movie with brie Larson in it so the plot's the same as it always is...   "white men are evil and dumb!"
Spoiler alert. They literally used the fight scenes from end game in this movie.
these movies are making for 12 year kids only.Marvel pls get out from disney😂
It is seriously bad
I haven't seen any Marvel project after the Endgame except No Way Home.
Fun fact : I was laughing whenever they spoke the villain's name.. because that is Dar ven or wen... but she works with portals and gates and in Hindi "Darwaan" means gatekeeper
Saw it yesterday. Wasn't bad. MVP is definitely Iman Vellani, but then there's the problem of reducing Sam L.Jackson to comic relief, Captain Marvel still being cocky and showing less emotional depth. The villain is generic disposable who ultimately turns over to the good side "maybe" , Monica Rambeau was lost somewhere during screenplay, but the suddenness for shoehorning which they brought her back in post credits.... for MCU property expansion, leaves the impact worthless. The unnecessary musical section, to cater to Asian audience and give the leads stylish new suits... is such less fun. I could swear Valkyrie and Carol Danvers shaking hands / holding hands while looking into each other's eyes is probably a "more than friends" vibe, which is OK .... if there was some character development  pointing to why she was suddenly there. Already housing the entire populace of Asgard but still they can suddenly have a safe haven. The position switch tactics in the movie though, were quite fun to watch.  I do not know much of the comics, but I agree it would be harrowing for someone to understand what happens in the movies if they haven't watched the series.  I am not saying this because I am Indian but South Asian culture was represented well in Ms.Marvel series and it is no wonder why the lead there emerges a breakout character in a movie which is sequel to both her series and Captain Marvel (aka Memento with the power of retcon to force in space pagering superpowered being before Endgame). Iman Vellani brings emotional depth , wit and charm to her performance, including a specific parody in the end credits. Monica Rambeau is the logical one and the person they both look up to, isn't quite that much of a role model.    The movie does not deserve such great lambasting , for it was fun...  but not exceptional improvement like Winter Soldier was over The First Avenger . Excessive company hubris and generic disappointment of the audiences from recent past Disney products have taught public to expect mediocrity... plus it will be out on streaming in 2 months anyway.
Your review Jeremy is more fun than the actual movie. I guess we can say Marvel new phase is finally over.
Shitty movie
I dunno, I really dug it. I had a good time and have seen damn near all these movies. Is it my favorite? Not really, but I enjoyed it. *Shrug*
The Marvels? Didn't watch it, not gonna buy the DVD.
So want a civil war 2 so we can get rid of captain marvel 😂
i streamed it for free turned it off halfway through and still feel like i was ripped off and want money back
Finally saw The Marvels and it was just fine. It feels like everyone is acting like everything pre-end game was gold. This movie was middle of the pack. The cat scene was weird, but apparently it hit because my 65 year old dad was laughing his ass off. Ms. Marvel was definitely the best part of the movie.
Wth is wrong with these superheroes movies. Why it always has to be some goofy comedy for teens. What's with their emotions, there is a meeting between 2 races and things going bad, like game of thrones level, and it all looks like a Halloween roleplay party. 2 alien warriors-soldiers with some futuristic weapons can't handle 3 casual indian old farts, even Bollywood is not that bad compared to this nonsense.
Dude yeah the inconsistent swapping was fuckin annoying
5:26 they gotta use their powers at the same time for there to be a swap.
I honestly had fun with the movie. Villain was weak but i enjoyed everything else
the main plot is, despite whatever happens in the movie, is about sisterhood acceptance and that it, nothing else matters
The you got to sing to have people understand you planet is straight out of the comics!
I feel a lot of people are overreacting just a bit. The Marvels wasnt even that bad of a movie. Sure there are things that felt off and some scenes I didnt like, but that doesnt make the movie terrible as a whole. There were some great scenes too. So yeah, it wasnt great, but it wasnt overly bad as people say in my opinion. Except the singing part i hated that. Thats my only complaint
Sad that you didn't notice that The Creator looks like it was written by AI too. The story is so hollow and generic, it was hard to watch till the end.
Love your work. Been a fan for a while. Listen I gotta say something out loud. I'm watching Harley Quinn the other night. I hate DC. Go Batman ✌️but I realized Margot got "marvel" on her belt. As easy she owned it as Harley...it's not a gender thing. She's... Just naturally a better actress? I still have no clue who brie Larson is. I remember wolf of Wall Street. Remember Tanya Harding? Brie who? ✌️
MCU movies should have taken 2 years off. Made tv shows optional and not homework.   Then just made solid movies for a while that don't interconnect.  And let the brand naturally fade away.
Nice to see a review of this movie that isn't "woke bad."
Preach bro just watched the movie and came to YouTube to see a review and just to make sure I wasn’t tripping
I was expecting a DS rating, what happened?
Have high hopes for kamala khan in the mcu universe
I actually really liked it I was surprised since my expectations were low
Right crap 💩 got it.  You’re funny but crap.
Personally I Like The Marvels, It was Ok, Well Directed, I Thought it was Well Written, there’s some pretty Action, Samuel L. Jackson & Brie Larsen  did a Good Job, it could’ve been better, The Villains were pretty Weak, It could’ve of been better, I didn’t love the movie, but Samuel L. Jackson Stole the Show for me he was very Funny though but he’s Made A lot Better Films IMO Great review Jeremy
You could say the same thing about Ronin plopping the Power Stone onto his hammer, but we love to criticize that sort of thing now.
I thought this movie was very funny in many places. I just thought it was very unhomogenous.
They never let the fans in on anything, no feed back on any development, such a let down for real fans and then going threw with a cookie cutter themed plot is sad. Such a let down, they should have let captain marvel have her own plot centered around what she did out in the universe. All the extra crap with co stars is sad 😢 such a waist of a good opportunity to showcase her full power as captain marvel, sorry Brie Larson
Not perfect by any means, but Love and Thunder was worse...
bring back right wing anti democracy Disney making more movies like Song of the South and Birth of a Nation. long live the KKK. i enjoyed the Marvels but get some hated it because the story wasn't about straight, cis white males. the horror! all movies MUST be about straight, cis white males and NOTHING else! the film features 2 women of color which makes it awful on spec. i wish people would fess up to their racism. they no doubt hated the Help, Hidden Figures, the Color Purple , ect.   stories not about cis white men!
What a load of rubbish, this film is so WOKE not worth watching
It kinda felt like Spaceballs tbh. Let’s see here: Bad guy planet is in bad shape and is running low on natural resources, so they’re gonna steal resources from another planet. Where have I heard that before?
It wasn't terrible. Relax folks.
For me it's close to the end of year I think it's the worst film of the year I've seen.
The plot of this movie is that Captain Plank destroyed the AI that kept the Cree home world of Hala running (which means, yes, Captain Plank is the most evil character in this movie), so Darth Benn tries to get revenge on Captain Plank by taking the air, water, and sun from worlds Captain Plank (presumably) cares about to restore Hala... so, if you're paying attention, that means The Marvels stole its plot from Spaceballs.
When you make decisions based on skin color rather than content of character you are doomed to fail. They’ve traded a stupid marxist ideology for skill and talent. Hollywood is dying because of it. They got woke. And now they are going broke.   Its so stupid its become a parody of itself. Did you see the new dr who special on d+? Its a meme
I think the explanation (which was blink and you miss it fast) was that two characters have to be using their powers at the same time for a switch to happen.  As for the after credit scene, it was...confusing.  I'm unsure how serious Marvel wants us to take the FOX movies.  Are we going to see lots of callbacks?  Was it just an easter egg?  Should we rewatch all the FOX movies in preparation for what's coming?  I honestly don't know.  And yes, I was starting to enjoy myself just before we hit singing planet and then I pretty much knew what I was in for the rest of the way.  Still, I was a matinee showing, so that softened the blow.
If Jeremy didn't like this, that means it really, REALLY sucked. I've never heard him curse so much in a review.
Even the review of the movie is boring
Why wasn't Blue Marvel in this movie, if this was called the Marvels?
The movie is garbage and Marvel Woke Disney blames the flop to the fans... F this!
Disneyland in China is open! If you look at it from a satellite view (China is very secretive), there is an actual concentration camp directly attached to it. What even is Disney anymore 😢
5:39 They swap only when 2 use the power in the exact same time. If one uses the power and the others don't, nothing happens
I LOVE the fact that you are honest unlike most most of the other shill film critics cough* cough* Chris Stuckman... Your humour was also great! Keep it up!!!
Multiverse kinda kill the MCU both in the comics and movies, it's not fun anymore, because they do not matter as much, the story doesn't matter, even if they die there could be another them elsewhere in another universe.  Multiverse suck
The singing was very on brand with Disney, 😂
this three females should be doing cooking and cleaning more, less flying.
That singing planet was cringe it felt like a Disney movie ohh wait !!!!
the film was enjoyable, the switching was cool but didn't happen enough. Film moved quick but it I didn't mind it. I didn't see secret invasion so I have nothing negative to say about nick fury
I agree mcu needs to take a break
Awesome review👍.
I finally took my 4 and 10 year old daughters to see this film yesterday…  They both absolutely loved it and has been talking about it all day.  I was actually pleasantly surprised. I was expecting it to be a dumpster fire… but with my expectations so low , I was able to enjoy this movie. The cats and the singing parts were absolutely terrible tho.
When disney touch something.. its become rotten
Maybe I dont over think these movies or try to break them down so much but honestly this movie wasnt as bad as everyone makes it seem to be. Saw it with my wife yesterday and we both enjoyed it. Maybe i went with super low expectations thinking it was going to be complete garbage but it wasnt. It was cool
Jeremy you don't get it. If this movie is a hit then great, everyone's happy and they made a lot of money. If you didn't like it, then the movie was successful in bringing out your inner bigotry. It's a win/win for them.
Utter drivel. It’s like a b-rate Disney movie threw up on the MCU universe. Singing and fluffy cats. Crying and feelings. A bad chick flick. With sad girls. How stereotypical. MCU should do better.
Gotta be honest, no way i am watching this film if i am not bored out of my face with the family on a weekend. Ive watched the equivalent amount of time in reviews for this film though hahah
I thought this was actually a good solid MCU movie. Where there plot holes? Yes, but almost every movie will have those. My son who didn't watch Captain Marvel 1, Secret Invasion, Wandavision, and didn't finish Ms Marvel loved it! Now a big part of that was Ms Marvel, so there's a whole lot of truth to that point of Ms Marvel being the star. I'm curious though, why didn't you watch Ms Marvel?
It was miles better than Thor L&T. Anything that is better than that is a win and a step in the right direction. That movie is the worst thing the mcu has ever EVER created. I at least enjoyed this movie.
They could take some tips from Matrix : Resurrection for CG
It’s crazy how the CG team is reallllllllly bad on close up realism. Which is what sells good CG.  You know there are people who know physics that are just undeniable. So when it’s close up.  4:44 Why is this clearly showing a fluid swipe (which would look like the parentheses characters containing this) but instead is shaped like an “s”.  It’s such a stupid gripe but they zoomed in and didnt bring any realism or physics. It’s the little details when tended to that go a long fuckin way. But they shat the bed everywhere.
It’s like giving a toddler an ES-335  Lucille and asking them to play you some BB king. But what they delivered was Steven segal covering kungfu with a Cajun drawl.
Snapping the universe back to life was indeed a mistake and from now on every time I watch endgame I’ll be rooting for thanos
Please do a Priscilla review.
I laugh Any time someone blames me for thier failure of a movie and tv show because i dont watch shit movies or shows any more after struggling through fear the walking dead. Disney needs to vring in creative people or sell marvel so it can be a successful movie again
They need to bring someone in to save marvel because whom ever they keep hiring is destroying it
Also they do explain that they only swap when they use their powers at the same time so sometimes they don't swap as they don't use it at the same time
You've never seen ms marvel and that's why you like ms marvel. Try watching it first before watching a film based all around her
I don't want to watch this movie....this is trash I guess...
If they didn't kill every character (especially the villains) then they would maintain their character development and grow. They need to follow James Bond, just because an actor gets old or doesn't want to do a character anymore....doesn't mean you have to kill the character off storywise.   I'd love to see a comparison for Disney sales per movie before end of Phase 3 and Phase four on.
I still haven’t seen it, but from the trailer the entire thing even down to the dialogue scenes looks like it was shot on a green screen/soundstage/whatever.  Yes I know most big sci-fi/fantasy/action movies are, but they at least try to not LOOK that way.  Also Brie Larson is genuinely really good in other things (if you hate her as an actor after Short Term 12 and Room I genuinely don’t know what’s wrong with you) but I don’t understand why she chose a part that keeps her from, you know, emoting even a little bit other than the occasional bit of snark. It’s so weird.
Seems like they wasted money making the movie like always
How Marvel only has about 4 good movies out of the dozens they have done since Endgame is honestly impressive
'I mean, how wrong can you get it?' 🤣🤣
Turns out you're just another red pill bro. So disappointing.
This guy is pretty good with allegory and metaphors. Excellent comedic and acting skills too while playing the sleazeball woke script writer at 3:20.
Walked in saying Wtf? Walked out saying Wtf? 😂 pretty much explains the movie. There was really no story, foundation, premise too the movie.... i mean there is but its barely barely barely in there. It was more a clusterfuck of sorts..
My 13 tear is daughter liked it ok. But you are crying about it lol
The singing was ok. Why did it trigger you so much?  Like desperate to hate Cap Marvel so you can be cool with the angry bros lol 😂
Comic fans crying about character development?   Man you guys missed the 80s lol 😂
Dar Baan was pretty boring for sure. Like hundreds of villians from marvel hustory that I've had to endure.
Fun movie. Short, entertaining and connected to 80s marvel lore. That's all I ask for
Just watched it last night and I enjoyed it for the most part. Definitely not a top tier MCU movie but it wasn't the worst either. You hit it right on with your "Tonelly inconsistent" comment. The movie flow felt like it was interrupted or pulled out of the story whenever things like that happened. I also felt like Brie Larson was a pretty bad actress in this. I have only seen her in Marvel stuff but her character wasn't good. I felt like I was watching an actress act instead of a character in the film.
The problem with marvel (MCU) is that  they are trying and forcing themselves to make society and social media happy (kissing ass) and adding things in movies that doesn't need to be added all the time because they do not want to be "cancel" and they got too cocky where they think ANY movie they put out will be a hit. 1: stop making every character a black man or woman lead, a white guy or white woman that's flamboyant, gender baiting or adding social media words and trends in movies. It's a comic book franchise. The people do not want reality they want fantasy. I'm saying this as a black guy, they do not need EVERY movie to have a black main lead role. I understand they trying to make it equal but got damn stop kissing ass. And hire new writers before blade come out
love your look/hairstyle unique.
Finally saw the movie and enjoyed it for the most part - I agree though, Iman Vellani's performance was the highlight of the whole thing.
They swapped places when two of them used their powers at the same time.
Sometimes they don't always swap and it doesn't explain why...They need to do it at the same time, so they may both be fighting and using powers but not at the same time. So occasionally they would at the same time and it would trigger. Right there in the movie, several times.
Spot on review
The Marvels was a good movie.  People hating on it are doing so for reasons other than it being a bad movie.  Sad people man that can't just go to a movie and enjoy themselves.
But they do explain why there are scenes when they do, or don’t swap…
The movie wasn't bad  at all
The best years of the MCU were amazing but its now truly dead
Marvel used to be different because they offer Relatable villains. Now they just have the generic hero movies. So lame.
My least favorite MCU villain is Brie Larson.
The best part of this movie is the post credits scene, I got so hyped for the X-Men.
C'mon man! Either these youtubers are getting paid by Disney, simps or just idiots. The MARVELS has worst box office than Morbius. WTF Morbius...really! I heard this rumor that they are planning to make Silver Surfer a biological female, I think or who knows they might go all out and make SS a Trans.
I didnt like the character, previous characters were more fun to watch and more action in it
Have to agree, Kamala Khan was the heart of the movie.
This movie was predicted to be least favorite mcu months even last year when it was revealed, MCU in the past had a way of linking the viewers and audience to the movies but now i think they lost it. These movies are becoming generic and unrelatable.
My favorite part from the movie was when they said “it’s marvel time” and then marveled all over the place
I'm kinda getting the feeling that you didn't pay a lot of attention to the movie.
I actually quite liked the movie. Granted, the villain is kinda forgettable – but the movie had a certain charm. Ms. Marvel is just super likeable, and even Captain Marvel wasn't as blant and boring as in previous movies. The film was funny and entertaining. It's kinda self-contained. I'm not quite sure what else people wanted from it. I had a good time.
The marvels is the worst movie in 2023  and maybe ever… smh … what waste of money and time😡
I might watch this when it’s free on an airplane ride
Funny, how Loki is the best Marvel character,  yet his girlfriend is a terrbile actress
This was almost as bad as Antman and the Wasp
Too late to go forth and prosper...she already attacked the male fans for tne failure of the movie right out of the toxic feminism playbook. To those who say give her a break she is young....no we will not.  She is 21.   21.  A 21 year old man would be canceled 1000% if he said anything remotely against the current wave of abusive, toxic feminism.  I wish her nothing but zero roles in any future project with any kind of fandom
To be honest I stopped having interest in Marvel movies since 2012. Ever since Avengers came into play, the whole Marvel production has gone down the drain. I miss the old movies. They had great story lines filled with lots of "realistic action" compared to all the CGI bullshit they use nowadays, it's disgusting. The best Marvel movies of all time in my personal opinion are the ones below:  1. Blade 1998 2.X-Man 2000 3. Spiderman 2002 4. Hulk 2003 5. Punisher 2004 6. Fantastic Four 2005 7. Ghost Rider 2007 so so.... 8. Black Panther 2018 (the recent exception)  This tells me something. The early 2000s were the best times for movies and music and people took that for granted. They became lazy and with a lack of imagination for good story lines. I wouldn't watch a Tom Holland Spiderman movie or a new Avengers movie even if they were free 🤮 I prefer watching Bollywood movies. What a shame for Hollywood. Too bad they won't make another Justice League movie ☹️
At least Iron man 4 is coming out and RDJ is kind of coming back to save the franchise.
OOOOF When a movie reviewer says "There's a mid credit scene, watch it for bad CGI. There's an end credit scene... I didn't see it." Shiz man, he was so put off by the movie he didn't even sit to the end of the credits for a "what if this is important."
The Marvels is fun af, good balance, no deep and intense plot. Action and comedy. Why people are so harsh? At this point, people shouldn't have any expectation for MCU and just watch the movie as it is. Fun af!
Duck-tales😅 it was just a waste of my time. I knew it was gonna flop though because watching Ms. Marvel I got teenager wannabe superhero (very chill) so the expectations were set.
20 years from now? I watched it 2 days ago, I already forgot what happened in it...
Feels like I'm watching a Disney+ movie
Didn't Rocket Raccoon destroyed that hammer in the first GOTG movie?
This movie sucked 😒
I give it a negative 1 out of 10. Oh wow we broke the scale.
Bree said captain marvel was not made for white men. I pass on this also.
It was the golden girls remake with super powers... no, no sex in the city in space with no sex and no plot... HNTF(how in the u get it) can you make such shit movies... fire anyone that said that crap was great... this is what a room full of ass kissers and participation trophy winners will produce.  Complete garbage and horrible writing. 😂
So... who's Darben?
While I enjoyed this movie, it takes on too much & doesn’t get the balance right.   Still an enjoyable experience but one that needs to be watched at matinee price
STAN LEE . WHY DID YOU  SELL TO THEM DISNEY  DESTROYED HIS LEGACY.
MCU died with Tony Stark, Steve Rogers and Natasha Romanov. Endgame was TRULY the Endgame. I'm just thankful those actors and actresses got off the train before it turned to crap.  Spiderman to me is a different Marvel experience, leaning more to Deadpool.   DC needs to step it the hell up. Give us the Robins and their backstory! Atleast Dick and Jasons!
The main reason I don’t want to see this movie is because of Captain Marvel. I like Ms Marvel and Monica Rambeua, but Captain Marvel is the worst character I’ve ever seen get their own superhero movie.
I think I was only getting behind this because of Iman as the more emotional centre of the team.   I don’t remember the villains name (even after hearing it in this video) but I remember how Kamala’s reactions to events in this movie.   But I can say if I needed a dumb action movie to have on in the background, it’s a good fit. I can check in and out and not miss much that would have made it too hard to understand.
Put 3 chicks in it and make it gay and lame.
Did this movie actually have any white males in it?
after what they did to the character of captain America, I knew it was down hill from their.
I honestly thought this was a Disney+ show when I saw the trailer
The marvels needs better man of steel or spider-man 2 story  not good
Feminists woke propaganda
You left out the part where Darr- Benn is race and gender swapped.  Least Favorite MCU movie is Black Panther (Though I haven't seen any movies after Endgame because, why?) Favorite villain is actually Ronan. Lee Pace was awesome in that role. Too bad they gayed him up in Captain Marvel.
Took the family to see it we all enjoyed it.
Imma catch it on Disney  plus
Atleast it was better than multiverse of madness 💀
Put a chick in it make it lame and gay
It was just waste of money.
Ahahhaha. Go woke  - you go broke
it's funny because when you start to read one of their comics , it follows the same steps of becoming overwhelmingly repetitive and uninspired. It's at the start where everything feels grounded and believable , and story moments actually impact you,  i still remember watching the Ironman Trilogy back then and having this general sense of mystery to it , everything was revolving around earth , military and the sort. It wasn't some intergalactic threat or Multi-verse villain , it was just humans vs humans and so much of it felt relatable.   Now it feels like you're watching an actual comic book move on the big screen......which isn't the most exciting thing nowadays. Basically , my point is everything in the MCU feels so.... meaningless and pointless now.
Disney just sucks now.  Not wasting money and time on anything they put out. Love Indiana Jones and took awhile to rent it. Ehh
We need to see a collab with Jeremy and Ryan George for a pitch meeting. The two best at their craft
It was explained, they only swapped when they used their powers at the exact same time
Mcu or m she u is just sad
Can’t be worse than Iron Man 3….don’t tell me…..
Marvel movies are starting to become Bollywood movies.
The plot is literally Spaceballs's plot
The Marvels was just FUN! Anyone who thinks this it's the worst, calling it "woke" which is dumb in itself has issues. I loved seeing them interact with each other especially Kamala fan girling. 😆❤️
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE IT GAY
You could give spoilers about this movie. It’s not like it’s gonna ruin anything about this movie. Nothing of any importance happens.
You know what ruined this movie? How shitty all the previous Marvel movies are.  People realize this, so when a new Marvel movie comes out, people are like "sure buddy good luck" even when it's a good one like this one. And people are not really in a movie going mood nowadays.
I liked the mini Pitch Meeting in this video
I enjoyed the majority of this film with the exception of the singing bit - I was like 'Who TF thought it'd be a good idea and/or approved this?!' Also, the inconsistancy of the powers causing them to swap or not was also a bit head scratching. The before/mid credit scenes showing what's coming up were super cool though.  :)
Woke.
I think you not doing any justice to the flim bro, I think it was not the best of mcu flims but is one of the best from end game
It's all the fans fault
This movie wasn’t bad at all.. idk what people expect to see 🙄
@3:30 — 3:45 lmao
Toxic. Wow.
So this is the problem with critics, they don't understand the movie and they crap all over it. You didnt know that they switch power when they use it at the same time?they did explained it in the movie.
So in Ms Marvel the arm band had some time travel powers so maybe Dar benns arm band allows the hammer to be ised how it was the time it was strongest
rename the movie as "ebony and ivory"
i disagree that the movie seemed tonally inconsistent, i feel like the entire movie was goofy as hell throughout and it was just a fun watch. if you come into it not expecting anything i think you'll come out of it enjoying yourself. if you're a marvel fan who wants this movie to uphold your expectations of the mcu you're gonna leave having picked apart everything that makes the movie fun.
this movie is so bad what happened?
Hahaha Duck tales
I am just slowly facing the dreaded acception that we probably will never get something like "Avengers Endgame - Audience Reaction" sort of hype unless something drastic changes
Awesome PSR. I have the exact same watch.
MCU is DEAD.
If I thought Disney plus was worth the money, I would watch the movie on streaming. I will wait under it comes to the local library , along with GOTG 3, Antman 3 and the other most recent MCU flops
it was head and shoulders above the last antman.  Could have used another 15 minutes of screen time developing characters and their relationships.  Someone decided it needed to be short and cut it to the bone, basically ruining the whole thing in the process.
07:51 "The rest of the movie feels like an exercise in complacency". So crushing. So right.
Boring movie
dude you need to watch Ms Marvel
Captain Marvel should have been the MCU’s Vegeta, but instead she feels like a budget Wonder Woman/Superman mash up.
The plot was that they needed to take resources from other worlds to make the Kree planet habitable.  The baddie was choosing planets that meant something to Captain Marvel for revenge since it was her fault the planet was in that position in the first place.  It was a loose plot but it was there.  All of the other things surrounding it were extras.
Under-budget Keanu reeves...
The marvel Andrew quilley actor
The movie was great.
I think I've ever subscribed to like three channels....this dude is hilarious and honest. Now I've subscribed to four channels. Keep up the good work. Hard to find this level of candor.
Judging by the 1 million views Jeremy was right about the YouTube ai and swearing in the first few seconds 😂
This movie sucked there's not begging to the actress it's just a damn story
I hate to say it, but the plot was lifted from Spaceballs
Kind of annoyed we didn’t get Jude Law's character to come back as the antagonist so we could at least have a character we know.
Can u do a thanksgiving review
GO WOKE, GO BROKE!
Damn..am I the only one that liked it ? Better than than the last 3 marvel movies honestly.
This movie is not at the top of my favorite marvel movies but it was not a bad movie, as far as the swap being random idk science their could be a reason that you just dont understand. Also the cat part was pretty funny. The plot actually makes sense as far as cause and effect.
MCU has become that once beloved uncle whose now trying too hard to be cool and hip. You just kind of try not to associate yourself with him because he's getting crazier by the minute. Kinda just hope that leaving him be- he'll eventually change or fade out into obscurity.
Anyone else feeling Maveled out?  They had a very good run up to Endgame, and now it feels like it's just gone on for too long and needs to take a break
WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!
Why does this dude look like the bad guy from Madame Web?
The Marvels earn billions in another universe.
Put a chick in it make gay asf and lame
This movie was fun, it had some boring parts. Overall I enjoyed my time.
Sad that i had no investment in 2/3rds of The Titular Marvels. Kamela managed to be the saving grace.
I enjoyed it (I also worked on it). Much better than Love & Thunder and Multiverse of Madness in my opinion.
The best part of captain marvel is when she got sucker punched by thanos and never came to any significant scene at all even across movies
So the villains motivations/the plot of the movie was a quest for the cosmic bands that would create whole in space to allow her planet to gather what she blamed Captain Marvel for destroying... Water, a sun and an atmosphere to thrive in  Captain Marvel had destroyed a central intelligence that was responsible for everything on the Krees planet, which caused the planet to be uninhabitable  after Captain Marvel did what she thought was the right decision
Their wires are crossed over at MCU land.  So much to tell, The Marvels would have made a better streaming piece.
I’d watch that Ducktales episode
Honestly I could have directed a movie better than this like the budget was good the comedy was fun the teleportation was good the actors and fight scenes were okay even the singing thing and cat thing was funny   Just spend more time with the villain their dynamic with the hero and how the hero overcome the threat and also the plot honestly if I was the writer I would make it so that the villain was trying to resemble the infinity stones and had succeeded with the power stone and the marvels need to stop this
Holy shit it's already available for streaming! Is it really that bad?😢
God is it that bad?😢
😂
MCU LoL😂
Ok
MCU very funny😂😂
Garbage is treated as garbage, and the marvel is garbage.
Movie sucks.
I didnt watch it but you make it sound awful 😂😂😂
I'm sorry.. what is DLC?
They took the plot of SpaceBalls and made it less funny.
Sometimes, Jeremy saves me cash in the theater. I will happily wait for this to be free. Lol
I’m all for women supporting other women but I agree this movie sucks. The message is forced and plot is all over the place but going nowhere. IMO, one of the worst superhero movie I’ve seen so far.
we all have to agree avengers is the og marvel
They Are So Good But If I Must choice one  of Them, i'd rather Watch Charlie's Angels Full Trootle 3 or 4 Times 0:01
Indian marvel?? That spoiled it
I don't know about you, but I was hyped af after watching the post-credit scene!!
Well, most of the MCU movies sucked anyway.
This is why i dislike the Marvels.  I am a major Marvel fan. They took the decades of rich history of Ms. Marvel who becomes Capt. Marvel to honor her mentor Mar-vel. (A male)   1. Capt. Marvel starts as Ms. Marvel, Then became in order  Binary, Warbird,  Ending as Captain Marvel. So much rich history lost in the movies with her. They Ignored all of the history the comics created from her.  2. Monica Rambeau our amazing African American character has been Captain Marvel, Photon, Pulsar, and Spectrum at various points in her rich history.  who held the title and her powers was all Light based. AGAIN ignoring all her history in comics she has for over a decade.  3. Then the young Ms.Marvel which is a Inhuman NOT a mutant or some fancy bracelet powered kid..A third time ignoring all the comic history..   As a Comic reader from decades of reading these characters I am mad that the MCU/Disney ignored the history of these women and made them a dumpster 🔥. The writers a open Male Hating Feminist hired by Disney/Marvel. Is it to much to ask for a rich decades history based story?
it's like a where's wally book, find the white male. i couldn't.
5:29 congrats on negating any critiques of the plot with just one detail you blatantly ignored
Is anybody getting tired of all these marvel movies ??? Whoever the villains are they will loose  and the Marvels will win ...at this point, it's a no-brainer... i guess there is always Star Trek reruns
I can guarantee you that most people that watched this movie was because of Ms Marvel. So he's right about her 😅
Wasn't ronans hammer destroyed at the end of Guardians
That board room bit? 😂😂😂😂💯💯💯💯
Subbed for the Dr Perry Cox impression. Top notch Per Per !
Shit movie. Waste of my money.
For me Marvel movies means only Spiderman and iron man without them there is no thrill to watch in theatres
I liked the Marvels. The switcheroo thing was cool, especially them learning how to effectively fight as a team while doing it.
Singing??????
The movie is trash
The Marvels was better than Ant-?Man and a few other movies out there
Movie sucks😂😂😂😂
This is the first time I don’t totally agree with Jeremy on this. The movie was surprisingly good. The villain was ooookay, but overall I was entertained.
Nice Dr. Cox reference. I see you Jeremy
this video got more views that the movie
Ahhh nice Office Space reference. "What is it ya do here" 😂
MCU making the same mistakes present Star Wars is- too much content coming out, lazy use of special effects and very spotty and inconsistent writing. It was always going to be a tall task to follow up Endgame cause that was peak superhero genre and ending character arcs for prominent figures(and the literal end).  As for Capt. Marvel herself? This character has been around since the 60s and nobody outside the hardcore comic readers care? Same thing with the Guardians, but you get creative people involved and it’s arguably the best part of this cinematic universe. And it doesn’t help that people involved in the movie are calling out their audience. Yes there’s misogynistic trolls or bias people among them, but they don’t outweigh the general audience(feeding the trolls doesn’t end well for anyone).  Apologies for the diatribe, but things gotta change before Feige and the MCU are at their literal endgame
these Marvels is just AWFUL, the 5% of cute parts wont do it
You weren't paying attention, huh? Ronan's hammer was destroyed. Her hammer was powered through the bangle. Also, the prequel movie we didn't see to get the background and the setup, is literally the finale of the first movie. They even showed flashbacks. Also, they swapped when they used their powers at the same time.
I’ve suspected AI script programs since the Disney Star Wars sequels, and I was absolutely convinced about AI when the dookie of Rings of Power was dropped.  I’m finally hear others (and far more qualified people) talk about the AI script writing clusterfuck. 🤯
I'm so happy South Park blasted Disney. They have had so many dull movies lately, and its 100% due to lackluster writing and being preachy.  Disney just pretends we are all stupid or something. Having a big name like SP call them out makes it more in their face.  Where's Johnny Depp's apology Disney? Y'all done tried to end a guy that was exonerated to a great extent, but just keep chugging along preaching morality to people. Walk it like you talk it.
This video is a week old, and I didn’t even realize until today that this movie was already in theaters. I feel like I’m not the only one either.
Disney Destroyed the MCU & The Marvels...  RIP...
Best movie reviewer ever.  Even when I disagree, he makes a good argument for his position.  He's even changed my mind on a couple movies.  LOVE your content Jeremy, if you are reading this.
No post credit scene only mid credit
Anyone defending it literal can’t say much positive about it anyway. It’s just a matter of “hey it’s not that bad”
Says the villain from Madame Web
Jeremy... Jeremy Jeremy... i get it, want to be trending with the algorithm rather against it. They did explain how the swapping worked, they even explained why it happened WHEN it happens.. heck they even had a taining montage of them getting more in sync with it so that they could use it as a weapon to their advantage. Then they did in fights with the villain in the later half of the film.. but I can see that is mostl what your catharsis about the film is built around.. not sure if the script was AI produced who knows but... why am I explaining no one here is gna watch it anyway.. so long jeremy, unsubed hopefully when you watch this again on Disney+ for whatever reason you will realise you're tinted glasses were still on
I gotta be honest, after seeing this movie I simply do not understand the hate. I mean yeah, the Marvels won't be winning any Oscars, but its not a bad movie.
For me, the two Spider-Man movies act as the epilogue for the Endgame Saga. They wrap up Peter's story in a nice bow. Everything else post-Endgame has been extremely subpar.
I totally forgot this movie was about to come out 😂
Ive only heard good things
Love the opening
Right on, man. You removed all doubt that this the SOS. Marvel jumped-the-shark already, but they need their very own way of saying it. Marvel went to the singing planet.
Ms. Marvel carried this entire movie for sure.
It sucked
Bro stop complaining about every movie that comes out if you don’t like it keep it to yourself 😂😂😂😂
Jeremy absolutely ripped into this film. I didn’t care before and still don’t now.
You usually you tend to focus on positives of movies, even bad ones... Seeing you dunk on Marvels this hard says a lot....
LOLW Bollywood makes better movies now then MCU
Is it writer's burn out or they're really made by AI that's y it's crap?
This movie is actually good. i had fun watching it. It's not the worst, but its still good
Ms. Marvel was the standout, I totally agree, and the reason was the writer of her TV show was a writer on this film, she is a Ms. Marvel fan girl, she loves the comics and loved doing the show, and boy did she use that character to FULL effect to the detriment of the other characters, and also added the annoying family into the film as much as possible.   Totally agree about the Monica/Carol storyline, should have developed more,there should have seen some raw emotion there, because she felt Carol had let her down, and that brings us to the villain. Her point of view made perfect sense, she saw Captain Marvel as the villain, and in truth she was, she had ruined her home world and left the people in a destitute state, and that is the kernel of the story that was, as you say, there but never fully explored, the emotional effect on Captain Marvel that although extremely powerful had fucked everybody's lives up. I would have loved to have seen just one shot of her looking out of the window at all the Skrull she couldn't save dying and some raw emotion on her face reflecting the inner turmoil she was feeling. The stories are there, as with Love and Thunder, but they seem afraid to tell them, and go for the stupidity of Bollywood numbers and whacky cats.   At about half way, I was thinking 5 or 6/10, I'm not not enjoying it, but I'm not in love with it, it is watchable, then Bollywood happened, 4 to 4.5/10, and then cats in space happened, 3.5 to 4/10. I have no idea what happened at the end, could not work it out.   The mid credit scene had me most excited all movie, Beast for fuck's sake, brilliant.
:)
Such a boring movie. Bad acting, what is going on. Who is doing this, who decides to make such a loser movie.
I think that singing planet was their way of putting bollywood into the movie remember they have inclusiveness instead of good movie 😢
It's like the writers decided to treat the whole Marvel universe like some giant sit com. " Hey. What if..." Can we get back to some real script writing? I can just see Charlie Cox in She-Hulk saying "Really...?" I really hope the new Daredevil series doesn't get royally screwed by the same crappy script writing.
Yeah I saw the last trailer, and decided to not go. Good choice
AI does a better job.
Loki is probably the only thing keeping the MCU alive.
Yes, MCU please take a break. Ask the directors/producers/writers from the 2000's and 2010's how you can get out of your own way to improve things.
I think my least favourite was Eternals... don't feel like it did anything... (this is me before seeing Marvels)
i dont know. I have stopped watching Marvel movies but now it is getting this bad I kind of want to watch how bad it is lol
That singing planet sounds like something out of doctor who, which would work there, if Disney wasn’t trying to build the mcu to be more like Star Wars in that sense.
When diversity hiring supersedes good writing. 👌🏻
Idk man...I wanted to be excited about this movie, but I couldnt for some reason. Im superhero'd out
It's a mediocre movie, period.
Sorry man, it’s not an Ai written. It’s actually written by the MCU Woke writers 😮
THE MARVELS is actually a pretty solid film. Was expecting the worse given Marvels recent duds and the constant right-wing coming for Disney but... it's a pretty rad movie. Ya'll need to go see it.
Aye man, dont blame AI  The AI 'learned' from these terrible writers.
I thought Ms Marvel was awful, so I’m surprised to hear you say how much you liked her. The acting was so bad.
i rly dont get the hate lol. it was a good movie. characters felt real, it was fun, cute, had a grounded story. There was literally nothing i did not like about this movie. it was fun to watch. i think yall are kinda expecting the best cinema the world has to offer from a SUPERHERO movie. its kinda sad to see so much hate surrounding a fun movie.
I haven’t seen it yet. I wasn’t expecting much and looks like I shouldn’t. I’ll just wait for it to release on Disney+.
I don't disagree with anything you said. That said, I thought it was fun (mostly thanks to Iman Vellani) and often funny. I wouldn't recommend paying to see it in the theater, you'll feel ripped off. Also, the post-credit scene is literally just a sound effect over the end card. It's not worth sticking around for.
Everyone in the theatre was cheering & laughing. We all loved the Marvels.
only spider-man, loki and moon knight has been a success after endgame really
This is lowkey a hilarious review
I like how "IMAX" is way bigger than the actual movie title.
If only my bank account got credited $1 every time you said "Monica Rambeau" in this video
I'm sick of ALL superhero movies. They've run their course long ago. Time for something new in the theater
I actually like the bit with the cats. The song in that scene “memories” is from the musical Cats. The scene probably doesn’t make sense if you hadn’t also seen that musical as well, so it’s too niche. Having said that, I thought that scene was hilarious but I see why others might disagree.
They keep making this movie because there are people supporting this kind of movies Disney makes the MCU worse than DC now the only good marvel movie that they make recently is Gaudians of the galaxy vol3, shang chi and spiderman and Non of them has pandering
Office space reference 😂
😂😂I love south park.
Let’s not forget Ronan’s hammer was destroyed at the end of Guardians 1 if you don’t believe me then look on google 🤣 I guess Disney forgot about that!
When form surpasses content thinking it can enchant the viewer with special effects. Goodbye ambitious cinema as we know and love it and hello era of embarrassment... 🫡
I saw an ad yesterday calling it the number one movie in the world and spit out my apple juice in laughter
there’s a Miss Marvel and a Captain Marvel and Chick Marvel???!??
My 10 year old daughter drew me picture and I asked her. Wow that is pretty good is that Captain Marvel? No Daddy it's the Priests of Parma. 😭💕 Dear daughter you are the chosen one!! 🙏
Sounds like crap movie, a family of girls saving the world? Another bluebettle disaster?
To me, at its worse it is simply routine and unspectacular.
If every superhero movie needs to build to an endgame, do you even like superhero movies or do you just like blockbusters to be homework?
the mSHEu is getting boring and predictable.
Actually I don't find it exciting. It's not like MCU its more Disney version of Marvel. The story is weird and make no sense.
The Marvels is that movie you find in the $5.00 bin at Walmart that you toss to the other side of the bin to get to the movie from 20 years ago that you'd rather watch.
Iman Velani deserves her own movie but this movie probably buried that. She was the only good thing in this pile of wet bread
I watched it.   It's not a bad movie. It's not a good movie either.  But it's a fun movie. Its not deep, the villain does suck, the side quests weren't needed.   But the actresses did a good job, nothing memorable, but nothing worth the hate they're getting.   The ending was definitely the best part,  the post credit scene was more interesting than the entire movie.   Marvel does need a better writing team for their latest movies..but the actresses and actors are definitely doing their best.  Its unfortunate really.
I actually enjoyed this movie more than I thought
I really liked the part when they said, “It’s Marvelling time!!”, and then Marvelled everywhere.
Skipping this one for sure. Maybe I’ll watch it when I’ve seen every movie that ever existed 13 times. 😮
YouTube unsubscribed me from this channel
nice Dr Cox line sir!   Major props for working it in there.
I seen it ! It wasn’t bad 😂
Rip msheu
People who went to see expected nothing. What they didn't expect is that they got whole lot of it.
I liked the movie, y’all are to needy lol
The marvels ARE the villains of this shitshowb
Saw the film today. It was utter horsesh@t. A film that young girls from the age of 8 to about 12 might like, but nothing in it for anyone else. It amases me how bad MCU films have become. The plot for this film was wafer water thin. Not funny, not entetaining, not worth seeing.
Pretty much every single person i've heard that watched this film said the same thing about the main villain, she's basically either the Accuser or that dark elf dude who's name I cannot possibly remember from Thor 2.  Utterly forgettable apparently.
They swapped powers when they used them at the same time….I think people like this guy just enjoy shitting on movies, the movie was good, it’s not ground breaking but who’s going into a marvel movie expecting that? It was a fun movie with a good story if you gave it a chance. And I thought the actor who played the villain did a fantastic job, as did the rest of the cast. 7.5/10
Thank you for saving me my money
show sucks because instead of making movies people like. They play with woke and politics. When people tell them what they want. Disney just remove the comment. Disney is going to be history if their management is overpaid and does not listen.
I just walked out the theater after 40 somthing mins
2:30 that is a spot on Dr. Cox impression
Who is dumb enough to pay to see this shit lol they should be paying us to see it at this point
Wow marvel is so bad now
MCU just does better when the powers and fantasy are a bonus in movies centered around relatable down to earth conflicts. Ex. the world is ending but even worse, my only father figure left is also dead (Infinity War/Endgame)  or Ex. the government wants to control superpowers, but my best friend is back and I'm gonna fight for him no matter what (Civil War). The relatable emotional beats just don't hit the same in Marvel movies anymore.
I had to FORCE myself to tell my wife I enjoyed it at the end. She responded that she thought it was hot garbage. That singing planet non-sense..... I went to see a marvel movie, not a stupid Disney movie.
The thumbnail told me all I needed to hear lmao 🤣
The movie is honestly fun. But people will just continue to blindly hate on it instead of actually seeing it. You do you, but you’re missing out.   It’s unfortunate to see that the day and age of actually having a sensible review of a form of media is over. People would rather just bandwagon on videos or other people so they don’t feel left out or “the one friend in the group that didn’t like it”.   Oh well.
It suck
Jeremy, you’re quite literally the GenX - Pop Culture film critic version of Richard Lewis! It’s awesome (that’s a total compliment btw).
I kinda feel bad for kamala cause she's really good and seem to have great personality but too bad the writers and directors aren't helping
we are a long way from Civil War and Infinity,this was straight to dvd stuff ,awful
Black girl magic
even Angry joe that lean extreme left is starting to see the garbage disney is making how days....
EFAP is waiting, sir...
WTF 😆 🤣 😂 first few seconds 😂❤
I enjoyed it. I didn't go in hating or trying to hate it either.
Watching most of anything Marvel post-Endgame is a chore in itself. You could see and feel Jeremy finally accepting what the M-She-U has become ever since.
I did enjoy The Marvels, but its a popcorn movie, the moment you ask questions the film falls apart from the really bad writing but watching it with brain off, it is fun..never watch it again and ms. marvel made the film fun.
If you played ff16. This movie is basically that, not sauing ff16 is bad obviously since its my goty. As in you'd do the most craziest outlandish huge scale boss battle, then after when youd have side quests available, you start picking up a piece of wood to deliver across the room😂 than quite literally happens in the game funnily enough m. It just seemed like all 3 of the heroes came back from some huge epic main quest but director was like " lets just record the side stuff"
that stupid girl is insufferable. also the movie is so hecking annoying with its "arabic family" context. I didn't pay for a movie with literal arabic chantings. cut the crap marvel, go woke go broke.
Instead of badass woman ms marvel looks like burnt woman
Instead of badass woman ms marvel looks like badzhald woman
Great review 🫡
I disagree, i enjoyed it and the fight scenes were better then in past films like antman & wasp  I understood the villains mindset where captain marvel destroyed her society by killing their leader creating a power vacuum which brought on a civil war which brought them on the brink of extinction, that's why she hates carol
What happens when you don't pay for experienced, high quality writers who are capable of understanding the source material? You get fan fiction and The Marvels.
Dude this whole thing was just a 300 million dollar X-Men commercial.
The fact that Monica is still so butthurt about someone who left when she was a little kid came off a liiittle creepy…like bruh, that was 30 years ago and you were like 6 years old…how do you even remember me?
Anyone watch this bas movie? Loki was worth it
Stop cosplaying as keeanu reeves Jeremy 😂
Pretty sure captain marvel is really a captain... thats all I'm gonna say.
The way they have nerfed up the characters and just screwed up the stories from comics is an injustice and criminal!! But this is what happens when a comic company is taken over by a cartoon making company who just wants to appease woke people for some reason!!
Um bro, they do explain the swapping. They didn't at first so it was kinda weird where sometimes they use their powers and swap and sometimes they don't swap. But they explained that its when two or all three of them use their powers at the same time.
*Might Be Spoilers   I don't get the hate, anyone who saw ms marvel would expect comedy. The movie wasn't that bad and the plot or reasoning wasn't that bad. Never Oscar level but, it brought back the evil person trying to do right by potentially causing harm to others, don't want to spoil it but think of the meme Thanos had a point.   Also the post credit scene was super cool, you missed out by not watching it. Love your reviews but I feel like your expectations made you miss the point.   I went in with a open mind and thought it was a 7. Maybe a movie after a series is a bad idea
It was not written by AI, it was written by feminist women that know nothing about the comics. And we expect a good result?? How does that make sense??
I only heard about this movie a few days ago.
Kamala. Really? How super stupid is that? With the infinite amount of Obsidian names to choose from, they chose Kamala. Why not Barack? Or maybe George Floyd?
The most memorable moment of this movie was the floating kittens. That’s what the producer spent the big bucks on
Ms marvel was the most annoying character in the movie the other 2 were boring the story didnt make sense the acting was trash and the CGI was horrible 2/10
It was obvious and expected but Rotten Tomatoes had this movie at 62% fresh rating. Shame!
Gonna watch this on a movie night sponsored by my company. Wish me luck boys!
Can Rachel Zegler also become another marvel please
Actually, I think that AI passed the intelligence level of the writing and editing of this thing some time ago.  The actors did what they could with what they were given and the result is not their fault.
MEN ☕️
I heard they only swap when atleast 2 of them use their powers at the same time 🕰️
Usually I agree but I actually adored this movie 🎬  each to their own! I do think it's geared more toward females with the musical scenes, cats and emotional discussions that are not a *big deal*.
Is The Marvels Thor Love & Thunder bad?  It can’t be that bad, can it? That is the worst MCU movie imo.  Destroyed Thor as a character.  Really turned him into a joke. Just awful start to finish.
Came in expecting to hate the movie. Wasn't insufferable. Was just "good". Not great. Saw the rating was 60%, but I would have given it a 7/10, as a non-Marvel fan and casual moviegoer. Wasn't great. Was just... okay.
I just saw it yesterday, and I was not expecting much. The movie is Wonderful.  Vastly better than Captain Marvel, so full of warmth and humour and heart.  Few logic problems, but it is a comic universe.  Oh and the singing was indecipherable. Its like the whole situation where they ignored Shang-Chi while promoting the Eternals, boy did they get it backwards.
Not sure it’s intentional but this review matches what he’s saying about the movie: low energy, low creativity…
I must have watched a different film 😂 Kamala was the best part of the film though.  That I agree with
I watched this movie and Really liked it.  I don't know what's all the fuss about.  Its a good movie , great special effects.  Wonder why a consistent effort is being make to give bad reviews to this Movie. Even though it's a perfectly Good Movie.  May be the movie reviewers don't have the guts to be original.  They just follow the masses
Avengers Infinity War is the greatest film in MCU imo, with Endgame a very close 2nd. After that, it just fell off massively. It's like they did it on purpose. Went from the greatest to trash in no time. That's gotta be some sort of record..
I loved The Marvels & also this video is fair, Jeremy. lol.  I agree Iman is great in this movie!! :)
Cartman was right : Put a woman in it, make it gay.
AND KF got the nerve to call themselves 616 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
i am a marvel fan, but I skipped Ant Man3 because i dissapointed too much on recent marvel. And when i watched The Marvels, o boy, marvel going in to deep deep deep.
Captain Marvel just never has worked for me. The character doesn't connect up with me somehow. Supergirl Wonder Women yes. Captain Marvel no. It just feels like Marvel is trying to compete with their own version of those two. I just can't warm up to the character.
Dude, you are killing it. Your best review yet.
Was it uniquely bad or are people just getting sick of the MCU?
the marvels wasnt that bad...
Made it as far as 6:54 My bias has been confirmed  You did make me interested in Ms Marvel tho… I’ll watch it with my daughter
This’ll be the only review of this film I’ll be watching  I’m looking for confirmation of my bias with regards to this mess
I kinda wish taika waititi didnt get in on the MCU; how Marvel started shifting their projects to incorporate More humor in the style of Taika Waititi's Ragnarok really put the MCU into a downward spiral at least for me. Especially once Phase Three finished up, and it went into overdrive... Every other line does not need to be a joke.
Not worth punching.  I get it.  :)
Might sound like an odd question, but...  Do you actually *own* that travesty of a jacket/sport coat?
I am one that tends to give a movie a chances despite any existing negative reviews but I have to admit that this movie was unbelievably trash.This is by far the worst Marvel movie I have ever seen......and I’ve seen ALL of them
I saw the marvels thought it was very good not sure what all the poor reviews are about. It’s not end game but it’s not supposed to be. Perhaps people should go watch the movie and form their own opinion instead of watching other people’s opinions
Ms Marvel is a wonderful show and introduction you should def check it out for her
Who's making these outfits for the characters... like in the actual movie. We see Iron Man make his and we know how Spider Man whipped his together but these other outfits are comical... right? Or it is comic book?
I don’t know what you’re talking about. Cuz it was great! And  an all women movie was just what we need! You just don’t like it cuz they were all women. But whatever.
I think you and I switched places... Cause we both came to the same conclusions. Kamala was speaking for us all when she said "what the hell is going on?" That's how I felt sometimes watching this disaster.
Maybe just maybe I'll watch this turd as soon as it is available just to see how much of a turd it is
Wasn’t ronins hammer destroyed? I’m pretty sure Peter shot something at it in order to grab the power stone.
Favorite MCU villain has got to be IW Thanos. The guy had depth and the movie as a whole was awesome. Least favorite MCU movie is either Captain Marvel or The Eternals. I did not enjoy either of those.
Well I catch this one on streaming...or fmoviez...
Personally, I liked the movie especially Kamala.
i... forgot this channel existed lol, but the movie looked like garbage from the inception
That singing planet sequence...
The movie is enjoyable but the villain is woeful and would have been better served with scenes showing us the civil war rather than whinging about it
It really sucks to see Jeremy of all people go down the path of the anti-woke hate bate grifter
When are we getting marvels(transgenders edition) ,need to include everyone
Worst than the Eternals n Thor Love n Thunder ... And I hate Eternals more than anything else. Kamala Khan might be the worst casting in MCU. Should have casted someone with better physicality despite the Desi look.  Villain was soooo bad ... For most of her scenes I thought she was laughing n smiling all the times 😆🤣🤣🤣
Nick fury the series to nick fury in this seemed like a different character
3:01 stop right there, Jeremy if you’re about to criticize. Jeremy, you need to understand so go back and read some more no? All right. This is not going be, that every villain, not green or purple is bad cliché. Every villain needs to serve a grander purpose. Instead of just one off villains for the moment. For the MCU haters, right. And to get that like button over 1000.. I hope not, but let’s see. 3:15 guess so he said a thing, that he sure everybody else is going to like. So get that like button over 1000. He barely understand the character. His words not mine, and he said he only read a little bit. But he’s bad. Without you having a good understanding of him.  Sure my guy ok 👌 3:35 and then I come in and say. You do realize he was the leader of a huge army, right. So of course there will be people that want to avenge him. Right? Oh you’re just a YouTuber. Saying what do you think? Will get most clicks. Makes sense we don’t blame you for that smart business. 3:39 weird Jeremy, I guess every movie that has a woman lead. It’s always about that right lol
Just by the look of your face in the thumbnail it must be trash 😅
The kids loved it and I think that's the problem with a bunch of grown men getting online to take a dump on everything that Marvel puts on. A lot of the movies are made to cater to kids and my entire baseball team were enjoying themselves.
We can thank she hulk for this and the ai bot stuff 😂😂
Like literally...what the fawk? Movie is azz man...
I know most think EVERYTHING the MCU has done since end game has been garbage, but I liked Shang chi, Spiderman, Guardians 3.  The problem is the originals are leaving and the movies have been focused more on CGI than acting sadly.
Another “diverse female” villain.. surprised they didn’t make her gay too 😑 coming from a life long fan, Marvel deserves to be losing all their fans…. They’re literally asking for it
I haven't watched your spoiler talk vid yet but a few things: 1) They only switch places when 2 or more of them use their powers at the same time. They did explain that after the first big fight. 2) The singing planet was odd but it is something they do in Bollywood movies. They did a whole dance/singing scene at the end of Slumdog Millionaire which would be tonally out of place for a typical American movie but not everything has to be there. 3) I think we need to stop complaining about CGI at this point. Our expectations have become too much that What we saw was "bad" when most people can't do a tenth of them.
Why does the villain look like Lewis Hamilton lol😂
Marvel is trash now
❤
I'm glad the kid has fun making stuff. I feel they should keep her for the aforementioned "extended break" and just see what she's good at in greater Hollywood, and THEN make a Series or Movie with her. She's literally fresh talent, she'd make great Rebrand Material.
Everything post endgame is a Disney + show
I think bottom line is.....Marvel studios has a unique problem of having shit directors.....like this Nia DaCosta lady's past work has nothing to do with what she did here at marvels.......studio also is known to not pay writers or CGI folks......so tf do they do with the hundreds of millions of dollars.....i don't be surprised if the ans is raining it in a strip club
Tash! I couldn't even finish it. I was bored out of my mind
Martin Scorsese didn't need to come after the MCU - It's its own worst enemy. Too many and too little quality
The continuity that made for cool crossovers has become homework, watch these 25 hours of tv shows and films to ‘understand’ the next one. But the next one is both paper thin AND set up for another next one. Too much content, too much sub par content and once you miss a series or film and realise it didnt actually hurt your appreciation of the wider whole then it all becomes skippable.
I love how every review so far has been - The movie is not great, but Iman Vellani is lovely 😁
I was on the fence about watching this movie. But really wanted to check it out especially with my partner, since I found out a theater does it with Spanish subtitles. I decided I trust my gut, and I’m glad I didn’t take your review to heart. I had a fun night. The music was great, the action scenes were enthralling, and the characters were really good. Maybe this movie isn’t made for you, but don’t bash it because that’s the “in” thing to do with this movie.
Representation > A good story
Marvel shld have done this after End Game. Start from scratch, focusing on XMen angle. That would have been more interesting
This movie flopped hard as fuck too, think it only made $45 million opening week. It had a budget over $200 million 🤣
If it was done as just a brie Larson alone it would of done better.
havent really followed ALL post Endgame movies and I don’t have plus, actually enjoyed the movie. not as forgettable as Captain Marvel’s first movie.
The only movie and plot for Captain Marvel I ever want to see is Where Rogue Sucks the powers out of Captain Marvel forever. The end.
The end credit scene or post-credit scene was the best scene of the entire movie we got to see X-Men can't wait for that movie
Most fun time I’ve had watching a movie in a theater in a while. This felt closer to traditional Marvel than most other movies post-Endgame.
come on man, the Cats scene was fucking hilarious. Best Scene of the Movie.
Movie was actually good ngl I was so incredibly shocked I'm actually thinking I like it quite a fair bit. Everyone went in with a preset judgement based on whatever their favourite YouTuber said. And whilst I fell victim to that it was genuinely not bad at all not to mention the Kate Bishop scene! VERY HYPED!
They only swapped places when they used their power IN THE SAME TIME. But anyways, the movie is worse than you think. It's made for children and people with low iq.
It was decent, Monica and Kamala was dope to me
5:28 I don't think they explained it, but my interpretation was that both of them had to use their powers at the same time. Could have been easily explained, maybe it got cut in editing.
Sorry but the marvels was complete dog poop
kamala khan was the worst thing in the movie for me.. so fcking annoying
Even though I agree with pretty much everything you said, I kinda liked the movie? The only parts that I think should have been removed were Captain Marvel, Monica (just because she was only an extension of the Carol Danvers plot) and the entire scene with the singing. She had another purpose, but I can’t mention it without spoiling. Also, I understood the villain’s motivations, but there was no logic behind her actions. Ms. Marvel carried the movie and I thought the cats were cute and funny.
What funny is Monica is actually even more powerful the captain marvel an they still want to push her as the most powerful hero nerfing others for her smh
THE MARVELS IS PEAK YALL LIKE MEN UP UR BOOTY
What is it you do here?  -Bob Solid Office Space reference. OFFICE SPACE... NOW THERE'S A MOVIE!
Wrt the swap thing, I was confused at first why they didn't swap at times, but I think it was shown after a while that the swap only happens when two characters use their powers simultaneously. Not sure if that would fix the plothole though
We’ve gotten to the point where Jeremy acknowledges YouTube’s bot crap in the beginning. Review hasn’t even started and YouTube’s crap took me right out of the review. 😅
it was fun, but might be not everyone cup of tea...
I really don’t understand why people don’t like this movie, I really , really enjoyed this film
Put a chick in it, make her lame and gay
this review is much more entertaining than (almost) everything post Endgame
Only a woman this time .... This movie sucks !! No one believes these women heros. They dont save or do anything.
You seem genuinely angry. Love that! So i should not go i guess. I will wait for it to appear on plus.
Missing you blaming about the stupid woke agenda of this movie
Didn't watch it and never will but I'm not writing Marvel off yet, because Loki S02 was amazing.
The movie is also a lot of fun. Some folk should just stop watching the MCU. Instead of cashing in on the hate with views. Youtube has become the bad side of movies!
My man you move too much. had to look away not to get nauseous
Did they put a chick in it and make her gay?
After endgame just Lokie Series is the best and awesome
Just finished Loki , absolutely great show then this gets released to drag the MCU back down😂
An AI screenwriter would very likely do a much better job. I've used ChatGPT to create generalized narrative outlines for TTRPG adventures, and it does a fair job even though it leans heavily on archetypes & tropes.
Office space reference was gold
this movie is an insult to any intelligent person... absolutely horrendous...
The worst part is how this is the best version of the Movie, they had a lot redone and they decided this is the best it could be... makes you wonder how awfull the first attempts must have been
I remember the days when i was hyped for the movies like captain america winter soldier or civil war.... :D  end game was literally a peak because i remember 3 weeks before premier with my friends were speculating about it on discord.. Now we are few years after endgame and except loki i didn't see any good show or movie from marvel It feels like people that were doing marvel movies up until endgame they really did care about end product what happend after endgame i don't even know Like spider man was good but that was not even marvel :D
The Asian guy ruined everything. He was a disaster from the start. Y’all just ignoring elephant in the room
I would have gone scene this movie if you have ANY compelling character in the MCU. Examples—>Thanos, Variants of Kang, Dr Doom, Hela (because she fits the girl power movement), and or Wanda (she is a villain).
“Put a chick in it and make her gay!” 😡
Nice Hamilton 👍🏻
No.. ms. Marvel was almost the most annoying thing about it. The fan geeking was ok for the first two times. Then no. And why copy blue beetle with the “bring the family” trope?
How Dar-Benn was created "Sir we need a villan for the marvels, only problem is Ronin is dead, he could have been the only one to stand against them"   MCU Exec: "I know, put a chick in it, make her gay"
Technically it's not wrong, those checkbox woke diversity writers  are so fake and hardly defined as Intelligence, that they are bascially AI.... just from a few decades past.
Luckily I do feel Marvel is finally making changes and slowing down. But this was one of those movies that was already done, this was a "we'll just take the hit and move on" release.
"Experience it in IMAX"  No...I don't think I will...
Haaaa! Someone clearly never played the Skyrim and DA3 dlc
I’m actually grateful this movie is gonna bomb. The MCU needs to take a solid 3-4 year break to tune things up and have us, the audience, miss these films.   Admittedly, I’m not a fan of comic book movies (1998’s Blade and Logan being the only exceptions. I prefer dark and gritty over the constant one liners, crappy humor, and questionable CGI of most MCU films. Thor: Love & Thunder was borderline unwatchable), but I don’t hate them, either.
Marvel need pause & Disney need to invest in animw like one peice or any popular manga
MCU/Star Wars is dead to me.  Disney needs to sell, and or hit the BIG RESET on anything and everyone related to current project for both. Then and maybe then I will come back.
They DID explain why and when the power swapping happens. They had to be activating their powers at the same time as one of the others. There was literally a whole montage and explanation 🤷🏿‍♂️
Remember ladies and gentlemen, this movie failed because of the patriarchy
I'm sorry but your review makes it seem like you just didn't pay attention to the movie?? The villain isn't like Ronan in terms of motivation (not say she is a good one but she is different). Monica had a lot to do in this movie and had her power set shown off alot. The switching only happens when they use their powers at the exact same time. If it still active after the swap they won't swap again. I feel like the movie explained that very well actually. It's a solid fun movie that's better than half the MCU movies
Black 🖤 Power lol
I absolutely loved this movie. Grew up a huge comic nerd. I really don't get the hate at all.
but they did explainded why
What can you expect from Woke Disney
The Marvels was great. 11 out of 10. See it in theaters, you won’t regret.
South park pandaverse was right hahah
They only swap when they do it at the same time
How can you make a movie that bombs harder than a Joel Schumacher batman movie aimed at selling toys? Make a captain marvel movie aimed at woke social justice warriors.   How do you make a movie that bombs harder than a formulaic flash movie or black adam movie? Make a captain marvel movie with zero known male leads.
Whoever took over after end game is so creatively bankrupt and should never make another movie.
It does sort of explain why. They have to do their powers at the same time. So if only 1 is using their powers, they wont switch. It did seem like a few times they messed that up but yeah, they do sort of explain it.
😂
MAN!! i had NEEEEEEEVER seen a Jeremy review where he trashed the movie so much... it must be AT LEAST in the bottom 10 movies in HISTORY.
MsheU plan is getting repetitive: make movie about fempower no one wants to see and when it flops blame men. I wonder why its failing 😂
The film (The Old Guard) is really good.
Bruh 😂I'm glad I'd stumble across this video fuck how did Marvel become so bad 😅
Everything after Endgame is fan fiction
Usually I agree with a lot of Jeremy’s views, but this happens to be one of the few where we disagree. While not without some obvious flaws, I had a lot of fun watching this one. Main flaws would be a forgettable villain (though her actual “villainous” scheme was pretty neat) and the “furry” sidequest which I think actually provided nothing at all to the story other than giving the supporting cast something to do? But like I said, I had a really fun time watching it, probably the most fun Marvel movie of the year for me (though I think GotG 3 is the best Marvel movie of the year)
Lately you don't like anything. It's a shame. This movie was fun and entertaining.
Put a chick in it and make it lame!
this movie is nowhere near as bad as you people keep trying to make it be get over yourself
I could’ve bet the house on this being terrible
I don’t understand why they got popular and popular and then decided to bring in these new woke agenda producers. Why did they not just stick to what they were always doing?
From the last trailer, I definitely got a full Ronan the Accuser vibe from Dar-benn. Marvel started to have issues when they started making it that you had to watch the TV shows to understand where the movies were headed (i.e. Wandavision and Dr. Strange in the Multiverse of Madness), which BTW wasn't even nicely executed.  It kinda started with Infinity War where there's a whole story sitting in between Thor: Ragnarok, Thanos' raid on Xandar and the start of Infinity War.  They need to chill and go back to basics
I did laugh when it said attn staff, please stand still and let the hell beast eat you.
7:23 the plot being: someone has something taken away from them, and that someone then wants revenge while also trying to restore the things lost.
3:42 you and Ryan George oughta collab.
this review probably got more view than the movie lmao
Morbius is the new standard and it means Morbius is  ahead of its time
This movie sucks. 😓😥😮😫😪😣
you my friend! are golden😅
The Marvels was really well done. The chemistry between the three was great. Iman Vellani was outstanding. Very fun comic book movie.   The villain was entirely unremarkable.
The musical number…. The musical number….. the absolute worst hot trash
I'm surprised the villain wasn't a man. Ya know, because men are evil.
Taking a break is a good idea. But one, they’re afraid to lose the momentum, two they’re afraid someone will step in and steal the public’s superhero attention before they return. I think, they think, they’re doing a buildup like before. Maybe all these films and shows are showcasing characters that will appear in the upcoming Avengers movies. But they really aren’t creating movies that make us care. WandaVision , Dr Strange’s Multiverse of Madness, and both seasons of Loki have been my favorite so far. Other than that, everything else is just filler. Fillers that are intriguing at times. But really less as interesting as the original movies that eventually built up to The Avengers flicks.
This movie and all these agenda movies are ironically thexmost blatantly sexist themselves. Given the opportunity, money and IP, they make the shittiest movie they could. They are doing more harm then good, almost like they want woman to be hated.  Thank you South Park for making it okay to start calling out this behaviour.
I usually agree or at least respect your opinion but calling that end scene useless??? Really??? Its critical and  something we fans have been waiting YEARS for
I genuinely loved this movie and thought it was well paced, well written, and well executed.  Solid 8/10 because I really commend giving Monica a lot more character and fixing so much of Captain Marvel. Seriously, the weight of the effects of the Blip are finally addressed and felt for the first time in the MCU and I genuinely appreciate diving deeper into that.  Also Ms. Marvel easily steals the show. Imán Vellani is amazing as Kamala Khan and I look forward to more projects with her.
This was such a good movie!! Fun, silly, new  bonds of friendships. The characters all had their own moments and we got to see their own characters shine and connect with one another. I loved it was all female hero’s too! And omg the finale scene spoiler of Rambo waking up … ummm… so stoked!!!! 🔥🔥
The MCU doesn't need to take a break, they just need to focus on characters and situations that people can relate to with powers that are easily explained and limited.  This is why all DC movies (except for Batman because he doesn't have powers) don't work.  All their characters have unlimited powers.  If they cannot be defeated, why does the audience care? Same here with the Marvels- what are their powers and what are their limits?
Man, 3:21 - Jeremy needs to start doing more of these types of skits, lol
Least favorite MCU movie: Thor: The Dark World (I admittedly have not watched any since Endgame) Least favorite MCU villain: Yellow Jacket and Malekith
MSHEU is dead
I wonder if you would rewatch one of the old Marcwl movies if it would feel as generic as the newer ones? Have we just got tired of the whole thing or are the movies really that much worse? I've always felt a bit sceptical towards the big energy hole in the sky and dipoasable enemy army endings so I'm not sure.
this should've been a ryan george crossover hahah
I watched Ghost in the Shell the anime in theatres instead. I had a great time.
MCU aint gonna take a break, disney too greedy for that 😂
The Marvels is fine. Not great but has some fun moments. This is kinda pointless for an MCU movie tho.
Put a chick in it and make her gay
Jeremy I hate to throw this out there but Ronin isn’t the only Kree with a hammer. The Kree are a race of people with  a military called The Accusers. All of the Accusers carry a Cosmi Rod as their primary weapon for execution including Ronin and Darr Ben.  So technically she’s not a copy of Ronin. She’s a Kree soldier with a beef with the Skrulls which leads right into secret wars.
Best thing from Marvel this year , was "Loki".
When I’d be FINE just watching the review, even the spoiler review, it’s a huge telling sign. I could care less about MCU.
Not an archetypical female hero story, maybe
Loki season 2 carrying the MCU
Pay closer attention. They need to use their powers at the same time in order for them to swap. Not just use their powers. As for the planet, that's from the comics, not a made up MCU thing. I liked this one. It actually brought more movies together and shows a direction for where they are going when most movies in phase 4 plus have been just about that movie. This one opens up for so many other things that you obviously missed
But the director is black it has to be great
Sexists seem to hate this film
Dude so many movies out there for you to watch and review why you keep watching marvel movies they suck to oblivion the only good movie from marvel was iron man. They need to change direction of these type of movies to really succeed and attract real audiences and not just kids.
Wow so this movie is so bad it deserves its own spoiler review.
It's now a big flop... people saved their money by avoiding this feminist junk pile of a movie.
They all feel like long tv show episodes. Like I feel like the entire MCU has become one long Disney plus show that jumped the shark a long time ago
I quite liked it, but I also feel like this is made for basically just people like me; someone who really likes and knows their Marvel, but also has been completely overexposed to it to a point where just being randomly different and nonsensical kind of appeals to me, and who really hasn't ever taken any of it very seriously. That's just not most people.  It's like fanservice that doesn't know their actual fanbase.  I think maybe Marvel should fire bring in people who know less about the lore to make these movies, so they could make moviea that the average moviegoing audience could follow and ger invested in.
mcu was always this bad. people just didn't start noticing until the millionth time they recycled the same story.
I called breaking bad in season 2- he had to die.  I called GOT in season 3- George had no idea where he was going.  I called the MCU after endgame- they had no setup to go anywhere after the universe itself is saved
It does explain the swapping.  It's when two use powers at exact same time
This movie is a perfect reason why you should form your own opinions rather than letting someone you don't know do it for you. After listening to this review I was ready to ve let down. After watching the movie myself, I was entertained. Even some of the plot points he said didn't make sense were there for me. Was it the best Marvel movie I have ever watched? No. It's also not IM3, Thor 3, Love and Thunder etc
Didn’t see it. Won’t see it. Already forgotten.
This movie was great.
The movie was good not great but definitely worth the watch🎉
Ok so bad reviews get views and likes, good reviews get ignored. Got it...
Didn't like the first one too much but this one was fun (at least for me). I'm gonna watch Kamala's show for sure now!!!!!!
i liked this review
85 million so far...traaaash!
I respectfully agree to disagree with Jeremy, I had a lot of fun with this and the chemistry between the three leads was great. Yes the villain was a bit generic but she is far from the worst MCU villain we've seen and I would easily prefer to watch this over the absolute abomination that was Quantumania or Love and Thunder
Mcu is slowly becoming the new DCU 😂😂
whoa, this has as many views as the actual movie!
Ummm...  Ronins hammer was SHATTERED in the original GotG.  Nothing left but the handle.  Just watched it again last night.
I thought the movie sat exactly where it needed to be. It was fun. Had good humor. The story was concise. And most importantly, For a story that would be generally aimed at girls and women, the character's didn't pandor to ridiculous notions like wokeism or feminism. The three main protagonist as well asthe female antagonist, were not over empowered pychologically. Furthermore, concepts like trust and FAMILY were very strong themes in this movie. Even Cpt Marvel herself played her Traditional Role as a wife. All of that i very much appreciate. Nice work on getting the point Disney. More of that please. This Marvel movie didnt need to be be so amazing. Its a starter movie for new arks to form.  That and to just be fun. I give it 5 out of 5.
5:30 I didnt get that either. Sometimes they would use powers and wont swap.
The worst Marvel movie to me is actually Captain Marvel. It's funny , I was listening to another The Marvels review and the person mentioned that this movie is just a little bit better than Captain Marvel and then went on to mention the better Marvel movies.😅
It’s so funny how white men always have a problem with all the women of color, but when it comes to the white women it’s like “ oh I enjoyed her.
That was the funniest review I've seen from Jeremy and the most painful, I genuinely felt sorry for him having to review that.
I think marvel need to slow down too many movie its getting bored its just feel like "oh another marvel movie."
Throw a chick in it and make her gay
Not one person in the production room realised how dumb the singing planet was!? No hope for Marvel when they're all clearly drinking the Kool-aid!
Agreeing with Khan, but the actress playing Rambeau was has literally no onscreen charisma.
Agree with Jeremy... But after watching thor4 silliness and wasted opportunities , this kind of fun and humour felt good.
It bombed! Women are over half the population.... *so why didn't the strong independent ladies support it?* Even women know bullsh!t when they see it.  ...and before you post your excuses remember...   - Barbie did well during a actor strike.
Make it lame, put another gay diverse woman in it!
Dr. Cox impression was perfect! New Subscriber for life now 🫡
Wow Jeremy..exact same thoughts! I thought the movie was high budget uninspired crap. And the 2 tonally inconsistent scenes. Tell me about it!!!
You shoulda seen Miss Marvel!!!! It has a connection to some british colonialism and history in India/Pakistan. Its quite eye opening. Some cheesy stuff but she again, runs the show!!!!!! Pls watch
How good a reviewer can you be if you have to edit every sentence together?
I'm 36. When the MCU was at its peak, I actually had old friends from high school calling me up asking if I'd join in to watch Infinty war. My wife, who never watches superhero movies, was excited about going. My little sister was hyped af. My nieces as well. I am sorry to say, but since the diverse girls took over, nobody talks and cares about the MCU. Or Star Wars for that matter. And you cant blame it on sexism. It just sucks.
Marvels had fun spots but it was basically just a transition episode in the MCU TV series.  Worst MCU movie is still The Eternals
I was fine with it. 😊
"What is it... yado here?" Loved that Dr Cox vibe!
Probably should have done some character development for the villian than trying to shove in a signing planet
It's not fatigue. It's not about Marvel having to "take a break." It's about them putting out bad movies.
I really liked the part where ms marvel looked around the room and said "together we are marvel-ous"
The mcu needs to learn how to NOT kill their villains. Ronan the Accuser being redeemed would have been cool. With how the MCU treats villains, dr doom will be killed after being introduced
This is a movie and not a series?!
I just seen the movie, I liked  it !  It was fun- Love Kamala Khan
Loki was fantastic
They’re more worried about woke politics than good story telling. They’re following the same formula the comics did, that almost out Marvel under. It’s absurdity.
Anyone that says that Marvel needs to take a break has not watched Loki  Exceptional tv show
*Gets an ad for the movie right before this*
You gonna do a blasphemous 2 review? It was awesome
All you ppl saying you don’t like it and judge the movie are full of s***. Because a black woman directed it, It’s considered a mess. If A white male directed it it’s the best thing since Endgame. Give me a break. Don’t act like you guys don’t want to like it. It’s a passable movie that’s part of a Marvel Movie architecture. Maybe if you guys would read more lterature you would get what Kevin Fiege is doing.
Maybe they use these big budget productions to launder 💷 so they don't care about the fan base or sales ... It makes absolutely no sense! 🚶🏾‍♂️
Good on jeremy , all these youtube movie review  marvel shills, Marvels dead, if you enjoyed this movie and she hulk you might have down syndrome
I'm shocked! SHOCKED! That pander McPander character, in the newly minted Pander McPander Universe, owned by Pander McPander Incorporated made a shit movie who's only appeal is that they Pander. SHOCKED.
I am tired of seeing such computer graphics that are made within the four walls of a studio. Future, the next generation will laugh at these pictures.
Ms. Marvel as a show was ok, but I was tired of hearing how white Britain destroyed India.  Come on.
I mean at some point, adults have to ask themselves why they're still so wrapped up in comic book movies to the point that the movie industry has atrophied so much there is no adult content being made for theatrical release.
This movie was fun not perfect but fun. Funny how it's so fashionable to hate the MCU. I seen this man review really bad movies with less bial. For someone who hates pandering he is really is fishing for viewers.
love the honesty
Saw it last night it’s a solid 4.5/10 the cat part I liked and it was clever in a way. The villain did seem like a water downed version of Rowan but I didn’t like miss Marvel the show but in the movie she was toned down to be kinda likable. The switching around from person to person wasn’t too bad but it made the action better which it seemed like.
6:23 the setup of people understanding you if you sing, but not if you use the same words to talk is beyond stupid. It's the same as having a world where people can only run and not walk.
5:42   I just saw The Marvels last night, and while I largely agree with your comments so far, I disagree on the power swapping mechanics. It was explained in the movie  that it was when any of the three Marvels used their powers at the same time the entanglement caused them to swap places. So, if only one of the three were using their power, no swapping would take place. I'm not sure how well they did applying that aspect of the mechanics, but that was the premise.
M-she-u failing. Love it 😂😂
Their starting to fall into the same trap as the comics
That post credits scene is not useless 😅😅😅
PUT A FEMALE RONIN AND MAY IT GAY!
Lmao the meeting pitch was awesome.  More of this in the future. Simple ....in and out... Really drove the point home.
I couldn’t stand Ms Marvel. Her character is written to be an actual teenage girl. It was grating.
Panderverse reference…..genius
Gosh this what people were excited for nia de costa to direct it for? Sorry I didn’t care for it any more than the first one honestly the kid was the best part of the movie, even in the tv show she’s in it’s really cool for what it is .and Monica Rambo was interesting in Wanda vision but in this movie she was not that interesting but compared to carol danvers her and the kid were the best. And jeez let’s not forget Sam Jackson wtf happened? He went from killing in secret invasion to him feeling like they just paid millions which they did just for him to say Sam Jackson style shit instead of feeling like nick fury, idk what they’re doing anymore honestly it’s all been downhill for the mcu for a while now it’s a the same story lines now for the last 20 years it seems like and nobody cares to make it fresh again and serious toned. It’s all lazy writing, lack of character development lack of vision. Sorry if I’m being overly critical but I’m just saying what I feel it was. The “ Lady Ronan “ or variant or whatever she was at this point was just stupid there was no stone in the hammer but somehow with her powers the stones powers appeared in it . Idk just a let down. The Disney plus shows are are doing better than these movies are I think the only show I didn’t get into that much was iron fist . Anyway have a great day everyone, keep it up brother love the videos
Marvel movies grew too big. Flew too close to the sun so to speak.
I watched this movie and I really enjoyed it.I was expecting worse due to all the negative reviews. This kind of tells me critics are women bashing.
I enjoyed the film quite alot. Its certainly nothing earth shattering but it was good fun
Can anyone really blame marvel for doing the same formula though. They've earned billions from it over the past 15 years but it's only now the majority are complaining about it.
Is it? It's saying something? Post infinity sll suck
Best reviewer in media today. Boom.
I love how he gaslight secret wars on Disney plus without actually saying it directly. “I feel like we should have had a prequel to this movie, or a show” 🥴 the failure of secret wars is hilarious 😂😂😂
Maybe this is a good thing. Endgame was great. But maybe they’ll start making original movies again since their established IP isn’t guaranteeing the numbers anymore
This movie sucked
Go woke go broke
Didnt know this movie was coming out, im not surprised it sucks and i have no desire to go and see it. Apart from guardians 3 i havent seen an mcu film in the cinema since no way home. Dont think thats changing any time soon
Hope they had time enough in the movie to go over feminism and LGBQT topics 🤞
Y'all swear Marvel movies are Oscar worthy movies 😂 I can't think of one of them, that is on that level. The shows like Loki, Wandavision and MoonKnight have had the better writing, acting, storytelling etc. But honestly, most Marvel movies have been more entertaining than movies in other genres. This movie was fun. I can name 50 other movies from other studios that came out this year, that was trash. Y'all holding Marvel to ridiculous standards
But you all watch it like me because your invested in the story. Cant be too bad right? In my opinion.. which you will have your own opinion on haha
Capt marvel in the cover gave me enough distaste of this character
Alan wake really quit writing 😢
The office space reference was spot on here. Made me laugh.
I wanted to really hate this film but I just could not. The movie was good, they didn't push the dudes are trash and the girl power agenda forward like she hulk. It was just 3 female characters trying to save different worlds. Now the Miss marvel chick 10/10 and everyone else did a great job hell even the director did a great job with the story. I'm pretty sure I liked the movie this much only because I was expected a movie more like The Fantastic 4. Overall quick and fun and forgettable 👍
2:29 Always appreciate an Office Space reference 😉
BlAcK GiRl MaGiC!!!!
It was a fun movie based in a comic book. Kind of done in a funky way but it was fun.
They seemingly made a movie for younger, female fans of the MCU. Guess we'll find out just how many are out there.
my mcu plan: take a break, let everyone’s contracts run out, replace LITERALLY EVERYONE and try again.
The MCU is dead. The end of an era. Just wish it would have ended at on a good note right after End Game.
I had a great time watching that movie!
Its written by dumb dumbs who want us to hate ourselves and anything vaguely authentically masculine ❤
Finally saw it theater was not packed...it was goofy and silly but expected from the trailers not awful but not good either definitely forgettable though will not remeber this movie other then maybe the credit scene...cant remember the villians name either🤣....
Comedy skit was great! sigh I miss SNL
“Put a chick in it……… and make her gay!” ……. “goddammit, I said put a fucking chick in it….. and make her fucking gay as fuck!!”  *South Park has left the chat*
Honesty please!!!!  The movie was a fiasco!!!  Not even my 9 year old boy liked this 💩
Saw it bootleg and the best part was the post credit scene and while I’m not a ms.marvel fan the actress really embodies her perfectly everything else is straight dog shit
How does she gave Ronin's hammer when it was destroyed?
Can we talk about the predicament studios like Marvel have gotten themselves into, with a mostly male audience that they can't/won't cater to? The 24% females that loved the movie aren't enough to recoup the budget. So bizarre. These women want to make a movie for women who dont want to see it? Or they want to make a movie for men who dont want to see it?   Every era of Hollywood is defined by Which Group Was Given Too Much Money To Make What They Made, and in this era its this crap. Good for Larson and the writer/director if they like this, but this is commerce, you gotta sell something people want. If you're selling superheros, you're selling to guys, that's just the numbers. So bizarrely dumb to alienate them; women don't care about supporting other womens ventures, they aren't gonna buy a ticket to a bad movie to make rich people richer.   Women like good movies, Men like good movies, nobody is gonna pay to be alienated or preached at. Most of us were never that into superheros, there was a one-time cultural thing, fun while it lasted.
He went into this movie thinking it would be bad and wasn’t going to be convinced otherwise. They literally explained why the power switching happened and when. Sorry you couldn’t pay attention.
Am I missing the Ronin fight scenes? Darr-ben had way more action than Ronin and he was in two movies
Strong women enjoying themselves. What not to like?)
I dont know man, i liked it. It was light, it was fun, it was on par with a regular MCU movie. People keep expecting Endgame every time they go to the theater, spoiler alert, if that's what you're looking for, you'll be sorely dissapointed. It wasnt perfect, needed more time spent with the villain, but it was otherwise a pretty good movie.
liking just for the what the f**k in the start
I didn't think the film was too bad, but a lot of it was being heavily carried by Ms. Marvel's character. She did a ton of heavy lifting and why I ended up liking it as a silly one off. But yea, it's not great either but that isn't saying too much for the MCU currently. Will I watch it again? Probably not.
lol
Too much of something is not good, you can hate this comment but this whole new movement with women heroes is not going as they may have hope for so go back and try introducing those characters and build them up next to a spider man or the guardians. If most of your fan are young and young adults males then maybe try keep doing what works best for you ( ENDGAME and everything before it worked everything after not so much) all I’m saying is don’t try forcing this BS of writing into your fan.
2:30 Pretty good Bob Slydell impersonation.
Loki Season 2 was a WAAAAAYYYYYY better direction to start this new Marvel phase than the Marvels. Dont waste your money on the Cap Marvel bullshit sequel. Instead, watch Loki Season 2. Trust me, its more worth your time.
Saw this today. Genuinely cackled like a maniac and how bad it was. What the actual fuck was that singing scene 😂
I like the movie. It has a lot going on, but it's OK. It's for fun. The Holdovers is better.
Loki made my day after watching this piece of shit they called a "movie"
The plot: Generic villain that has no business doing anything on behalf of Hala does things on behalf of Hala which accomplishes less as whole movie than most off panel one-liners.
Duck Tails hahahahaha
1m views three days later, i wonder what percentage of 1 million people saw the marvels in three days? Lol low kick
I enjoyed it lol
When are you doing Loki season 2
I liked it.   Sorry, not sorry.
I agree with like 20-25%.
I just dont watch any Disney movie anymore after they support genocide.
There's that one Transformers G1 episode where they introduce aliens that sing. "Carnage in C Minor". Terrible episode.
put a chick in it, make her gay
Sounds like they tried the yuji and Todo fight but failed.
We will always have Loki...
Movie wasn’t that bad
Too woke for me. Maybe I'm getting too old ...maybe both
Good ole Launch Pad
This review probably generated more revenue than the movie
DLC is the correct word to anything post-engame, but EA DLC, meaning, really bad DLC. Kevin Feige really needs to sit down,take a break and re-organize this mess because the fact that the only movie that worked post-endgame was a fan-service with spider-man NWH and maybe, just maaaaybe, guardians 3, damn. Also, woke disney needs to stop forcing crap in these movies/series as well, makes it even worse than it already is.
You could ignore ALL MCU projects post-endgame, except Loki, and be fine. 🤷‍♀️
Drunk an approved this message
Indy superhero movie ? I think this guy is ai. 😅
The marvel’s was dog shit
Like Ronin but a Chick and make her Lame and Gay
They are to stupid to realize that 90 percent of their fanbase are young males, of course they are going to want to see characters they can relate to.
😂 Dude has Neegen vibes! Love it!
It was a blast. The 3D was freaking fantastic.
It's not DLC it's DEI   Let's see a movie with hulk iron man and prof X  for comparison nope that's 3 white dudes can't have that.  Make it about the story not who's what gender and shade on screen and we all might go back to caring for the MCU again.
It just dawned on me: the villain of The Marvels is trying unironically to enact the plan of the villains of Star Balls. 😵‍💫 I liked Carol better this time though, just saying.
Ronan was a nothing villain too tho
Hot take: Marvel films were never great (except for Iron Man 1 and Captain America 2) and were always lazily made, but people are only now realizing it after Disney jizzed all their money onto the screen with Endgame and everything appears cheaper by comparison.
I still enjoyed the film, despite it's shortcomings. Thought the trio did a good job but Iman Vellani stole the show as per usual. One of the best additions the MCU could have ever done.
About time, a real movie to review!
the movie was actually good.
It literally says they have to be using their powers at the same time. If only one of them is using it then they're fine. Pay attention reviewer. Also, it's not that big of a stretch to assume that a powerful hammer that once held an infinity stone can't have a connection to another bracelet. Hated all you want but don't nitpick things without thinking them through.
I like this movie more than love and thunder
Marvel Studios has had at least 5 different Captain Marvel fans did care about any of them. They should just give the name back to DC studios where it rightfully belongs
all the simps defending this terrible movie lmaooo all in the name of being a male feminist
They took the idea for one episode of TV Show and turn it into a movie
Wow, seems like more people watched this review than the movie
“What is it….ya do here?”.. Perry from Scrubs quote?
We've come to a point where it's way more fun to watch youtube reviews than the actual MCU movies/series. Yup, that's how low we've fallen in what, just three, four years?
Dude bros big mad at girly movie including Jeremy.  Hahhahhshs.  Lighten up dude.
I'm sad for Iman Vellani and her role as Ms Marvel. She was the only redeeming thing about whole circus of a movie. She and her character definitely deserved a better picture. My goodness was that a tough watch. How the mighty have fallen.
AI would do a better job....   DEI witing.
It was if the director deliberately tried to make THE worst movie they possibly could… And they succeeded
Marvel Dogshit: Captain Feminism, Mrs. Dora Explorer, and Space Shaniqua.  The Trinity of Loved Female Superheroes: Sailor Moon, Wonder Woman, and Storm.
Problem with Phase 4/5 was getting all these shitty directors/writers that have never read a single fucking comic book in their lives.
I thought the movie was great. It was an uncomplicated story and the abilities of The Marvels looked awesome.
Mcu is taking a break there will be only one movie next year for mcu "deadpool 3"
Jeremy's BACK! I miss these fresh takes!
I think MCU shouldve taken a break after endgame and probably rebooted in the future as theres just too many characters with all the same generic stories going on and visuals. Everyones pretty much tired of it and most people who watch this are just going for something to do not because theyre actually excited for it. Its just passive ciewing bevause who is going to remember this in years to come.
this video is going to have more views than The Marvels
Beta guy.
Terrible video
The Marvels has set records on all levels... the first black female director, the first all-female production crew, the first all-female cast, the lowest box office opening in MCU history, the worst audience score in MCU history, the lowest attended movie in MCU history, the most delayed movie in MCU history, the first director to peace out during post production... what else?
I'm normally with you on these reviews but this one I gotta say i didn't actually think it was that bad honestly, I thought the fights were well done, Kamela was great, Brie Larson I felt was brought down a peg from the last movie and she felt a little more humanized this time around, they swapped everytime they used their powers at the same time not everytime they used there powers I will agree with you on the villain though, they didn't spend a lot of time with her but thats nothing new with marvel anyway, they have a tone of one time villains, the comedic points hit for me obviously not the singing part but for the movie as a whole the comedic side was small and cute enough for me to like it Sam L Jackson with all his adlibs comedy was a stand out for me in this regard,  but hey I went in with low expectations and with the Loki Season 2 finale I wanted to see what happens next going forward, also I stayed for an after credits scene and there was none so I guess we're done with the after credit scenes now. :( Love you Jeremy!
I have removed my cinema going pounds from Marvel in the vain hope that if enough people do likewise things will change for the better
They are trying so hard wit this woke shi is getting corny
It was mediocre but not awful. Its biggest issue was being plague by the eternal MCU issue of having the lamest fucking villains.
What if I told you that Into the Spiderverse is the only rewatchable Marvel movie.
I STOPPED watching MCU movies after EndGame.. trust me we’ve seen the best already, until they introduce FF or X-MEN I’m done.
Is the marvels a dc movie?
Put a woman in it, make her lame and gay.
I'm a little confused here...Are these latest Disney movies made for little girls, by little girls or both?
That Brilliaaant!!!! in the back,I need this guy as a co-worker
I think I disagree vehemently. Much preferred it over the original Captain Marvel and the plot wasnt as shocking as you make it sound. In fact its pretty much comic book plot 101, baddy has evil plan, goodies must go on a long quest failing to stop them until the very end.   The issue is that its not original, but pretty much nothing is original anymore, partly because its so hard to come up with new ideas and also because its usually so out there to do so it puts the audience off. Over saturation is the real issue at hand here, but every year we have more movies than the last so its up to the audience to choose which movies they want to see if they actually care about variety.
had to repeat that South Park comment. LEGEND🤣
X-men is the credit end scene 😮
I love how you used to ask what our favorite mcu movie is, now you ask what our least favorite is. Really shows the path the MCU has been on
Im so glad this movie is WAY better reviewed than both Mario and FNAF combined lol 😂
Your face in the thumbnail tells me all I need to know.  Didn't even need to watch.
😂😂😂😂😂
🤣👏🏿
Dollar store ronin the accuser I literally screamed 😂😂😂
Deadpool 3 is now the ONLY MCU film coming out in 2024. Looking forward to a lighter schedule. Bit of a breather.
This all started with Thor Ragnarok
Should I wait for the next installment so I can uninstall these DLCs for space or go to the bar instead?
Thought this was getting dog shit for sure! 😆.   Great review, Man!
IGN gave this movie a 8 😂😂😂
It’s so easy to shit on the MCU when everyone’s basically expecting every film/show to meet Endgame expectations… But I, for one, really enjoyed The Marvels and think the film should not be getting the flack that it’s getting once you actually watch the thing. It’s a film that is ridiculous and a comedy by construction and I find it utterly fascinating that the things they do here are getting shit on even though its a COMEDY while the Guardians of the Galaxy films do the same thing and don’t.
The Dr. Cox reference at 2:30 was perfect
This was a ok movie!! I liked it!
Despite all the critical flaws in recent MCU content, I've still enjoyed basically every movie. Even when aware of it's flaws. This is the first movie since The Incredible Hulk I feel like I should skip. And the reason I skipped The Incredible Hulk is only because I watched the movies out of order back then, and was already used to the new actor for The Hulk, and it would've felt weird watching the old one.
Pretty sure Fantastic Four Rise of the Siver Surfer, the one that killed the franchise the first time, had this power swapping bs lol
I found the movie meh, it was kinda fun but nothing memorable. The cat stuff was fun. And yeah the teenage superhero was fun.  Saw it Thursday at 4pm, me and 7 others in an IMAX theatre.
My least favorite M.C.U movie is Thor: Love, and Thunder. I definitely think that your review of this movie is accurate.  The cats, and the singing were both boring,  and unfortunate. They tried to justify it, inhe story, but it didnt work. It's not reaching for a high bar to not be the worst Marvel movie that I have ever seen.
Put a chick in it and make her gay, and lame.
Put a chick in it and make it gay , and I want it lame
Thats the only thing half decent in this movie is Kamala Khan
Anyone else have The Marvels trailer ad pop up before the video? 😂
Ronin and Dark World
Why do they even make marvel movies anymore when they’ve been flopping for almost five years now?
I agree, the switching seemed awesome
I recon the marvels target audience is 13 -14 year old girls which is fine. However the MCU target audience used to be boys/girls and men 18-50 well there goes a lot of ticket sales
I feel so bad for movie reviewers these days
This movie sucked, but what's even more annoying is that you KNOW the *"anti-sjw"* crowd is gonna blame this movie's failures on it having too many women in it. The problem is that this film was insanely rushed, not that it featured women or minorities
I saw The Marvels today and I rate movie 2 out of 10. Bad acting( overacting) , bad storyline, actress that plays Monica was really bad, the lady playing the bad character was  even worser, There was a stupid ' musicalish ' part in the movie with this inclusion thing with people of all different nationalities..too much of this crap, scene with these silly cats eating people to evacuate them, was the most stupidest scene I ever saw in a movie. the special effects were so cheap. My daughter who is 9 rate the movie a 5 out of 10 .she said it was really bad...I would not recommend anyone to pay 15 or 20 euro to go see this movie..waste of your time and money
That movie was good , idk I enjoyed it, go watch it n judge for yourselfs
I didn’t even know they were still making Marvel movies. 🤷‍♂️
Has anyone seen IGN's review of Marvels?
How did we get here? Damn you Netflie!
Put a woman in the villain role and make her gay!! 😂😅😮😅😊
for me, hela sister of thor, was the best female villain in mcu , of all time , i wana see more of her
I went to college in Walla Walla LOL
It was good. Or fine if you wish.
This was an enjoyable watch, I liked the comic beats but the plot definitely felt weak. I wasn't a fan of Ms Marvel but no shade to Kamala's actress, I do think she was the strongest out of the three but Monica is a close second though I agree they could do more with that character. The emotional beats between Carol and Monica did also feel off to me. The flerkens were my favorite part easily lol
I have always said that Vibranium's primary property is the ability to fix plotholes. Apparently I was wrong - the multiverse is
0:21 LMAO goodbye
Nice John C. McGinley’s Bob Slidell impression there, JJ.
I enjoyed it... it's not the best Marvel movie but not all pre-endgame movies were great either. We must accept that there will be another cycle of the great, good, bad and ugly before we get another high like that. Okay... you can now throw your stones
Just watched it cause my girlfriend wanted to........... boy, that was so painful experience that makes me want to replace my girlfriend.  🤣
I thought it sucked
I trust Jeremy's opinion for this one over someone like Critical Drinker who was going to hate on this regardless for his own political reasons.
I watched this review prior to seeing the movie…I just walked out of seeing it annnnnnnnd yeah jeremy hit the nail on the head with every point…. but idk the action scenes are better than at least half of all the MCU movies, i will stand on that!
Sounds like a chick flick.
I think there’s a lot of factors in this. Definitely superhero movie fatigue, bad movies, and fans of the earlier movies have grown up and aren’t as interested, and also all the woke garbage
Watched the full Marvels advertisement before this video, so they have to pay full price for you to shit all over them.
Wait this movie came out? Damn literally had no idea
6.5
as of right now audience rating for this movie is 85% 💯👏🏽👏🏽
I thought it was fine and fun. Sure, there's not much (if any) plot, but i had fun with the action scenes and Ms Marvel and her family were a delight.  It was a perfectly fine popcorn movie.  There's no post credit scene.  There's a pre-credit bit, and a mid credit one.
Didn’t the second fantastic four  movie switch heroes powers.
I really enjoyed this review and the humor employed.
We want Ronan back. Heres what happened Kathleen said "PUT A CHIC IN IT AND MAKE IT LAME AND GAY". Plus the hammer doesnt have the power stone, how was that hammer so OP? Damn it were twins I just wrote and edited these comments and a few seconds later you addressed them...
The amount of money being shoveled into the fire at Disney is ridiculous.
they didnt show all the cringe part from this movie in the trailer. if they had i wouldnt go to theater and just gonna wait for its digital copy so i can skip it. remember when we can just watch movies without all those stupid agenda being push into it? good ol days...  it feels like a fking disney princes movie or some shit like its soo fking cringeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
When a feminist AI makes a Marvel movie.... Yeah, it's dogshit.
Ms marvel idk it’s something about her. Maybe I just like whining femininity
my favorite part was when larson tried to redrum ms marvel.  hilarious.
To come clean: as a hardcore comic book reader/fan (DC, Marvel etc) since 79, I've been giving both DC & Marvel a fanboy pass despite their obvious fkups. I have to/will admit that the quality is dropping fast! I was concerned back in 2019 after *Endgame* and felt they should have ended that chapter with that movie, take some much needed time (after 11yrs of greatness) to fully/properly get ready for the next phase. Only bring characters from that era when absolutely needed to properly build to the next big thing if/when need be. They should have used the pandemic to take time out to properly structure either The X-Men or Fantastic 4, or put out real specials flirting/teasing characters like Deadpool, Kang etc. Hell, Doctor Doom should have at least been referenced once the FOX deal went through. Use the same structure you had with Ironman for phase 2 with different characters. They're oversaturating themselves while not realizing the loss of soul/feeling that we've grown to love and expect! 🎵"Wise" men say, only fools rush in.🎵 *Take that to heart damnit
People made a huge deal of the writers strike as if this isn’t what they’re churning out
That musical bit was subliminal message to see the touring Broadway show Aladdin! Planet Aldana and a white and gold palace. Ok Disney a bit much there!
Just another youtuber movie expert on hate bandwagon   Movie was great I enjoyed it movie theater was packed yall are bugging
Only good dlc has been the Spiderman sequels and Guardians 3
There's actually a character named Kamala? Laying it on a bit thick there, Disney.
I hate to say it but I think Thor Ragnorok in the end sort of screwed the MCU over. I loved that movie, mostly everyone did. And Disney has been trying and failing to recapture that magic over and over again. Fr, Marvel needs to take a break. I don't want to keep up with this undercooked, uninteresting writing and frankly, characters I don't care about.  At most, I'd want a second season of Moon Knight because despite the slow burn first half, the final two episodes were really cool. That's about it though.
Looks like the SAG-AFTRA strike isn't the only reason we're just getting Deadpool 3 next year.
So it sounds like they put a bunch of chicks in a movie and made them LAME😮😂
I kinda wanna see Ronda Rousey with a mohawk as Ms Marvel. I feel like that would be better.
I appreciate your review but I have to say, I thought it was great and very fun. In the screening I went to last night everyone was in bits laughing, the comedy felt natural, in comparison to Thor Love and Thunder, which you brought up. But I do genuinely appreciate your opinion even if I disagree
Ms. Marvel is so prop. Her father would have her sent back to Pakistan or wherever to have her married off to her cousin.
I liked it it felt like old mcu tbh. And Kamala was the worst character to me she was just another Tom Holland Spiderman which I hate. But I guess if u like that version of Spider-Man I guess you’d like her.
Can’t say anything about the movie because I will never see it. I’ve heard enough negative opinions from credible sources . I’ll save my cash.  Imho, the MCU has become bland and unnecessarily woke after infinity war. Nothing compelling for me….
The worst movie I've ever seen in my entire life!!!! I left before the end!
kinda crazy that the series (Loki S2) is manage to carry MCU better than their latest movies
All good things must come to an end.  Get Kevin Feige out of there. The guy has lost all sense of what he is doing.
Wonder if Struckmann and Reel Rejects gonna glaze it 🤔
Marvel is lame.
I did enjoy the movie 😭 was I on shrooms and the movie was 3D? Sure, but I did enjoy it.  That Beast CGI though???????? Shit was rough
And here come the whiners whining at full force. Yawnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn  Imagine someone reviewing a movie they haven't seen. Wow how enlightening and informative. Pathetic.
I am the publisher of hentai visual novels (via JAST USA) ni the West. We have a game called Doushin ~ Same Heart in which three sisters develop a strange power whereby whenever one of them has sex or has an orgasm, the other sisters have the same experience. I think they stole our concept.
They Delayed this movie by Several Months and took out Several Scenes from it, but with that said i enjoyed the Movie Iman Vellani was the best no Question, and her Meeting Kate Bishop in the end was long awaited, hard to Imagine Ms Marvel becoming the Kid Version of Nick Fury.
Watching these movies feel like a chore now
I'm sorry, but this review seems like it's from someone who went in to the movie wanting to find reasons to dislike it. It's supposed to be a fun movie, which it is. The plot is actually really easy to understand... Like it's not difficult to follow at all. Is it groundbreaking? No. It's not trying to be. It was trying to be a fun adventure that isn't supposed to be anything else.
I really enjoyed the Marvels.  It was definitely worth seeing in theater.   I saw at a 3D IMAX and it was worth it.  The only down side was the villian could have been developed better.   Yet this is the case with many of the MCU villians.  Still worth checking out in the theater.
MCU post endgame has been awful.
Go watch Loki season 2, 10/10 still
I saw it with my mom last night. Plot was messy and everything could’ve been avoided. So that was a big drawback. But never the less I’m not hating on it cause it was way better than Thor the dark world imo. Most of the characters are really great. And a lot of cringey moments in this movie. 7/10 for me
I think this review is a little harsh. It's not the WORST thing Marvel has put out.  I took my 8 yr old daughter. She had a good time. I would call this a "Marvel Jr." movie. Good popcorn flick for a family movie night.   Now, if you don't have kids, this probably isn't for you. Definitely not prime MCU quality. Feels like a feature length Disney+ show.
I actually really enjoyed it. Probably the best of post endgame mcu. It wasnt taking itself too seriously like eternals nor so goofy it undermines itself like Love and Thunder. Good balance for just a fun time Regarding the villain - i liked the fact that it touched on the whole 'one sides hero is the others evil' Carol is their destroyer but our hero. And the villain is their hero but our destroyer
More people will watch this than the actual movie.
I actually really enjoyed the movie. I actually liked Captain Marvel in this one, I didn’t care for her own movie, but in this one it felt like she able to do more.
I saw it today and it wasn't as bad as I expected. Ms. Marvel is fun, the bad guy is a bit 💩 and I didn't like Captain Marvel. There are some funny moments and the mid credits scene was unexpected.
Whats hilarious is that Igor thinks they can win a suit against Mr. Stone and Mr. Parker 😂😂😂
If this movie was told from the villain’s perspective, she actually be a hero. An alien came out nowhere and destroyed the system that was sustaining her home planet so she goes on a journey and finds a bangle that can bring resources back to her people. She establishes a peace treaty with the kreel until the same enemy returns with two other villainous women and tries to take her hammer and bangle away from her. One of three of them even has the other bangle to her set. This villain never has conversation with me about why my portals are so dangerous and just continues to attack me and kill our men. 🤔 This is my main problem with this movie.
What?! A girl power movie sucking, who would have knew
For being stuck in communicating in song, did you prefer Subpace Rhapsody of Strange New Worlds?
time to reboot everything!
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!
I really liked this one. All the character were fun and likeable, power swapping scenes were so much fun and overall not bad at all 7/10
Oh this is the first time I've disagreed with a review of his! I LOVED the song planet part and the cat scene made me laugh! I loved this movie a lot!
Welcome to the pandaversus my friends😂
Had some enjoyable moments but the villain sucked, the ending sucked and the overall story was pretty bad. Aftercredits was a treat though
Brie Larson just looks so miserable in this movie. Like somewhere between the first Captain Marvel movie and this, she woke up from the "girl-power" haze and realized the corporate hackery nightmare she had gotten herself into. Really hope she leaves the MCU soon and goes back to smaller human dramas like she started out in. She doesn't belong in superhero movies, and I mean that as a high compliment.
Put a woman in it and make it gay 😂
Look. It's not perfect. There's some wonky edits and the unfortunate tradition of underbaked CG. But I have to hard disagree about Bollywood planet and using the flirkens to transport SABER staff were legit fun and funny.  Post Endgame has been real hit and miss but I'll give it this. They've actually tried to be different now. Loki, Wandavision, She-Hulk, Love and Thunder, The Marvels, Werewolf By Night, Guardians Christmas....we've finally gotten some damn variety here.   Also it feels like everyones gotten really nitpicky with their popcorn cinema more and it's damn annoying.   Remember when we all enjoyed the excess mediocrity of Van Damn and Segal. Or when the latest nonsense Emmerich movie excited the masses.  We are all such pedantic downers now.  Shits Not perfect but most of its fun.
Far as I'm concerned, Nia DaCosta, the director (for hire) made the right choice leaving this movie during post-production to start another movie. If I were her I would try to distance myself from MCU as far as possible.
Thanos to me is the best MCU villain just for his arc and impact.   But on a personal level, I still think Zemo doesn’t get the credit he should.
Wow! You've got time for this sh*t but don't have time to review Loki season 2?!?!?
They need to bring the Russo Brothers back.
X-Men The Last Stand isn't a bad movie.  The MCU proves how good the "bad" X-Men movies actually are.
We’ll atleast it’s not dog sh!t 💩!! I can wait for Disney + now!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
It’s inspiring to see you still doing your thing Jeremy. I remember watching your videos in elementary school and now I’m college. Thank you for keeping me entertained all these years you’re great at what you do.
The movie sucked, am glad I watched a bootleg online. And skipped 50 secs each cringe scene.
We assume they plan a story arc and  connect it all... OOOOO no! Poorly written and  planned and  fix it in editing.. Sorry that won't get it done.
Woke checkbox completed. Just look at the poster .........
End Game was the End. (Period) Return of the Jedi was the End. (Period) The Last Crusade was the End. (Period) Bill & Ted’s Bogus Journey was the End. (Period) I’m going to go not that far out on a limb, X-men Dark Phoenix was the End. (Period)
Thor love and thunder would have to be the worst marvel movie I have seen a break needs to happen from marvel studios
I like that Jeremy mentioned South Park during that skit,so we didnt have to point out that the only reason he was thinking that bullcrap was because of a recent special lmao
I watched loki s2 episode 6 which was fantastic best series i ever watched the story was ❤🥰 NOW I LOVE LOKI best marvel movie i watcher after Guardians of the galaxy
Im offended, Ai is a million times better than tone deff "writers" with a political agenda that think mtv is something to aspire for.
God damn your hair and beard are fucking awesome
its short  and fun. dont ask for shit to be deep everytime
I liked it.
if Disney gives MCU a break - what will they have left.?  Cause they FUBAR’ed Star Wars too… that’s on a break too  Recently - Indiana Jones
end credit scene had classic breast from xmen
Dude, the movie wasn't even bad. Chill tf out. Get a life. I enjoyed it, and the post credit scenes were fire. Not everything has to be endgame level amazing. You people are the ones starting to ruin the Marvel experience. The only problem I had with the movie was the villain, if they made her a bit more intimidating it would be that much better.
I thought the bad guy was an alternate version of Ronan. Kind of like the whole Loki thing. Enjoyed it more than I should have  because the few people in the theater with me were laughing or mocking everything. Someone in Cartman's voice said "put a chick in it, make her gay", and I lost it. Oh well, got the ticket for free because of the Fandango promotion. Now I see why the ticket was free.
Can we talk about how pretty black his hair is 🖤
It’s like hitting alt in gta v switching from Trevor to Michael to Franklin done by badly written writers that should only be hired as a intern at Walden books 📚, does Walden books even exist anymore?
I would like to see johns have a pitch off with producer guy,!!! Do it…!
South Park was right about Disney 🔁😂
It was not written by AIs. It was written for AIs.
Minus the cat scene and the musical. I like the movie. Kamala was great.
Could you please reveiw Castlevania nocturne
I don't thunk the MCU will survive this. I went to watch it last night and no one else was in the theater. It blew my mind
So many little mistakes from the beginning to now. I told everyone it was snowballing. And now look at the MCU. Miscasting. Needless characters being introduced. Character changes that make no sense. Making fun of the source material. Character introduced too late. Stand-up comedy during drama. Casting based on tweets. Poor villains. Working your FX artists till they collapse.
They explained the Power Swap rules in the film. They only swap if they use their powers at the same time. If they time it correctly they won't switch. Which is why Carol tells Kamala to stay back and don't fight over and over to avoid switching.
Everyone needs to watch a movie and judge for his or herself.
I went in with low expectations for this movie.  I thought it was a nice popcorn movie. Not the best mcu movie out there of course but not the worst one.  This feeling I had about this movie is similar to what I had after watching the Hawkeye series.  pleasant but will be forgotten I guess after awhile.  If I ranked the post end game movies/series (mcu / sony),  maybe id put spidervese as my 1, GOTG3, no way home,  loki s1 and s2, wanda vision, Black Widow, Black Panther, The Marvels, hawkeye...  then the rest are either not good or a bit of a let down
They tell you in the movie that they switch places when they use their powers at the same time. And that is why sometimes they didn't switch
Only spider man can save mcu after infinity saga because 😊
Say it with me: it's the panderverse.
I really do feel for iman. She's a huge marvel fan who's very passionate about the comics & films so her joining the MCU right when it's experiencing a downfall is sad. I hope she gets paired up with better writers next time.
MCU is just being stupid right now, they have EVERY SINGLE MARVEL characters now, just take a break to reboot it, making it bigger better and stronger. It would be Epic. But no, they are just doing the EA thing, lame DLCs.
i watched it....wasnt impressed by anything...it was mostly forgettable except end credit scene...but even that i do not have much hope and they might butcher it
More people watched this review than this movie.
A Kamala (Ms. Marvel)/Spider-Man movie would be the shot in the arm the MCU needs. Play it like an 80s "buddy cop" film.   But the MCU is not that creative.
I'm a simple man : I see forced woke shit, i don't watch it.
Guys, just watch Loki season 2 instead. At least they didn't f that up
"Have you seen that B.s. Southpark episode??" 😂😂😂
Honestly looks better than all the AntMan movies
the musical planet and cats were  in the movie because they knew the target audience...feminists. Secondly, they know this movie doesn't need to make sense, because most woman care about how the movie makes them feel, not the plot making sense. Just like women's voting habits.
Who's watching MCU movies at this point? Probably just reviewers
Somehow Ronan the accuser returned
The marvel movie is without a doubt very inclusive, on stage and back stage. It includes a black female director who made a total of 2 movies before, both which has an average user score of 5/10. They get what they ask for - another 5/10 in the name of diversity. For what other reason would you give a multi milion $ production to a rookie?
The movie looks like absolute trash, but I can definitely tell they checked all of their Diversity Equity and Inclusion boxes.. I think that's all that matters to Disney these days.. "Did we offend anybody?" is the basis of all their movies smh
The swapping only occurs when 2, or all 3, of use their powers at the same time. They explain it once and reference it twice but it's very brink and you'll miss it!
Ronan the Accuser was one of the best Marvel villains. People who say he was a bad villain bc there wasnt enough character development don't understand movies. The shark from Jaws had no character development! Think about it. On top of that, all the Ronan-haters still love Guardians. It's like ppl who say they hate cinnamon but love Pumpkin Spice Latte.
This is what happens when you disrespect and squeeze writers for years.
I wonder what changed inside the MCU aft the end game.
It was a fun lighthearted movie that didn't really advance the overall universal story.  It gave a little more depth to Captain Marvel.  There was some over the top silliness, but that was intentional.  It won't be for everyone.    Side note:  They had to use their powers at the same time, to switch.
The Marvels is the latest MCU junk film since the end of the Avenger series. Marvel Studio is sinking so rapidly that none of the series they made since the end of the Avenger is really ok excepts the Loki series. Making their fans down and so on. The story itself is quite non-sense that it is extremely boring (white+black+child don't know what they are doing. I would say they are more like the playing). What really drawn my attention is the monitor-cats. They are the only things worth to watch in the movie. If there's a minus rating score. I would rate a minus to this film. Except the cats. The only thing worth to watch is the Kate Bishop showed up in the bonus session that we all miss the stylish Xmas girl. Conclusion: extremely disappointed again and again for all MCU films made after the Avenger. When Marvel Studio is bankrupt later.. Let me know;.
Who cares about Marvel these days? BOOORING, on top, the multivers/microverse ect... makes everything unimportent, because in a other universe it didnt happen.😂
I dont know about you guys but when captain marvel started dancing with the Prince it was really beautiful and awesome probably the best part of the movie
Brie also didnt have good chemistry with the Maria Rambeauof captain marvel. Did Hollywood stop doing screen tests?
You should definitely watch "Ms. Marvel".
They did a whole scene explaining how the swap works. It's when two of them use their powers at the same time. How did you not get that? Watch it again and pay attention this time
I have now seen the movie and convinced Jeremy doesn’t pay attention. They explained the power switching and even spent time practicing and testing the mechanic. So just fowl play on his part
They made a pretty big point to say they only swap places when they use their powers at the same time. They even had a whole montage of them training to get used to and try and take advantage of this quirk. I guess you missed it. To me the villain had clear and obvious motivation and goals but it’s not really about the villain herself it’s about the fact that Captain Marvel created her through her actions from the first movie and 30 years since. The purpose of the villain is to show that Captain Marvel isn’t a perfect mythical figure she’s still human, she’s still flawed and no matter how strong she is, she can’t just brute force her way to peace.
I just finished watching all of Loki since I hadn't watched any of it. I thought ot was actually really damn good. Outside of that the stuff was I've watched has been Spider-Man which was good, dr strange movie which was mid to okay, and Antman quantumania which was pretty bad.
I don't know why y'all don't like this movie I enjoyed it. Miss Marvel was funny, Nick fury was funny, the fights were good. I like it, I could rewatch it again
Now that Loki S2 is done, my only excitement is just Deadpool 3 (and probably Blade too), if they don't fck it up that is.
Yall movie reviewers are clowns when reviewing Marvel movies nowadays. You said it yourself you didn’t even watch the Ms. Marvel show. SMH you haters are just hype beasts nowadays since they’re developing characters y’all know nothing about.
It wasn't bad at all. Y'all are being asinine. It wasn't perfect but it was pretty good. It was way better than Love and Thunder
Bro, you sound exasperated just talking about this movie. Thanks for putting out the review because boy howdy… I will not waste my lunch money on this flick.
People acting like Marvel didn’t have disposable movies pre-Endgame 🤦‍♂️.
I didn’t realize Guardians 3, Loki, WandaVision etc were all just Marvel spinning their DLC wheels. Also, they explained that they need to be using their powers at the same time to swap, but I don’t blame you for sleeping on the movie, just being unfair to it. And I loved the mid-credits “bad CG”, way better than makeup.
Marvel needs to take advice from you 😭😭
Horrible movie, only thing good was the cat and Beast in the post credit scene
it's a 5.3/10 for me, it's at most just an ok film, with some personalities sprinkled over it, hence the 0.3, I was cringing so hard but maybe that's just me. And also, I feel like there's many skips and inconsistencies in certain scenes
Couldn’t disagree with you More the movie was great
Spoiler Alert: Even though I agree with a lot of what you had to say, I do have to disagree with you in regards to the plot. The plot wasn't the best thing in the world, but I was definitely digging it. They really were pushing the headstrong, act first think second, character trait with Captain Marvel. This is what inadvertently lead to the near destruction of an entire civilization. The leader of this civilization then decides to take back their way of life, while also getting revenge against Captain Marvel at the same time. I was a fan of the film. Not the best film in the world but it was a lot of fun.
Kamala Khan is a teen… Never had proper training in combat yet still fights with skills like black widow. Umm…. the marvels is a movie but it still needs truthlikeness. Why did the villain die when putting two bangles on but kamala didn’t? Marvel just giving subtext ‘heroes are worthy’ is bs. The plot in this movie is sloppy and used so much infuriating tricks to lure ppl to see the movie. How dare they cast a Korean actor, give 3 min screentime and then goes to put him in the main posters all over asia? Like seriously? Marvel’s version of PC is not real diversity. It’s a profit move and ppl can see right through it.
If anyone's gonna keep talking trash about Brie Larson for the stupidest, most juvenile reasons or they may be "high on cocaine and out of their freakin' minds", they need to stop spending time talking about it online, go play *Hot Wheels Unleashed 2 Turbocharged* and destroy Disney Marvel if they want Maximum Justice and their childhoods saved at the price of their fame, their fortune and their "so-called perfect little lives".
When Jeremy says it’s bad you KNOW it’s bad
This story had to be written by AI by how bland and cringe it was… why they even decided to make this movie over something like Fantastic Four is mind blowingly dumb
This movie already look like shit
Kamala Khan is soooo awesome, because she's relatable to ANYONE who has nerdy interests, or geeks out over stuff, or tries to pull off a cool move only to fail hilariously. She. IS. One. Of. Us!
I enjoyed the film, I got into it.
Who else thought he was gonna say dogshit lol.
Honestly i feel like this one wasn't even that bad
Stunning and brave
Perhaps the worst Marvel movie (which no longer exists now)
At this point I think people are just complaining to complain about absolutely nothing. It wasn't a bad movie at all, it must be the cool thing to do nowadays bashing anything labeled Marvel
I actually enjoyed the Movie alot it was very satisfying for me and the group that I went with.
This is what happens when things become too woke   Everything is created by activists, and they hire people base on their genders and diversities than talent  Look at the resume of the director, and tell me she didn’t get her role because she’s is female and black
I’m definitely stealing post endgame dlc
he was interested in her character after wanda vision man even cringe marvel delusional fans like him is pissing on marvel now this is hilarious
I saw it and turned out to be a bit better than I thought it was going to be. My opinion is the main reason why the MCU has collapsed is because of Stan Lee having passed away. If he was alive for all these post Endgame movies and shows they would’ve turned out a lot better and made a good amount of money. One other thing that I reckon would’ve helped keep the MCU going pretty well is Iron Man and Black Widow having not died in Endgame because of how well Robert and Scarlet did them unfortunately because of the comic books they had to die in Endgame.
The singing world to fair it is difficult to come up with a conlang. I don’t think the comics would help with that.
What a waste. The cast is really good but the movie’s story and premise is just not good. The villain was barely a villain at all. The singing people planet was a wasted opportunity. They need to let the movies breathe. Everything goes way too fast. How did they figure out what the villain was doing again?
They literally made captain marvel a Disney princess
there was nothing wrong with this movie, just simple entertainment.
I believe penguinz0 plagiarized your video
I rather watch reviewers trashing the MCU than the actual MCU film at this point
Can someone explain how the reviews across multiple platforms are mostly positive (including audience scores)? I don’t understand
i thought it was fun idk
Thanks Jeremy. You saved me some money.
The young lady who played Kamala Khan is 5 star.  The actor/actress who played Monica Rambo cannot act- it was just terrible...it was like she was practicing her lines..but for real.  The actor/actress who played the villain- cannot act PERIOD.  Captain Marvel was good - she was in shape (looked great), her great acting struggled against terrible writing.  Marvel wake up ...this sucked. Give Miss Marvel her own movie.  I never want to see Monica Rambo again...she needs to go back to acting school.  What was this movie about?  Marvel get new writers, stop worrying about diversity and worry about talent
The MCU went downhill after Civil War... Some would argue after Ironman 1‼️.... the writing was hyjacked by dumb hacks years ago...
Having just seen the movie, I completely disagree. I had a good time with this. It's middle to upper of mid tier. It's no Guardians, but this feels like a return to form for Marvel IMHO. I am baffled as to the YouTuber critic reaction to this.
Best thing was the credits with beast. Woke up this morning having forgot i saw it,  lol
I think they don't swap because  they have to use them at the same time, which if one of them is using their powers they don't swap.
This all happened because she had to touch it.
I didn’t like this, but it sure as hell was better than Eternals.
Loki season 2 is good af tho
The MCU needs a very hard reset
Because of Kamala Khan the movie was better than thor LnT
I honestly had so much fun watching this movie. Ms. Marvel honestly stole the show, but I do think the other actresses pulled their weight. I just think this was a fun lighthearted adventure, I went in with no expectations and had a good time. I feel like everyone keeps getting hung up on the movie being “woke”, but I never got the impression that they were force feeding me “girl power” like captain marvel did. I think they actually gave Carol some flaws which made me start to like her after the other movies she was in where she was really unlikable.
Lol 'mechanic'
At least Brie Larson is hot.  Oh wait I can't say stuff like that in 2023
I love Jeremy, but holy smokes folks, why is everyone circle jerking about how he's being honest? Other than baseless big journalist reviews, a LOT of people are giving the movie poor reviews. He isn't the one outlier to call out the MCU for having lazy writing and boring CGI battles. If anything, talking shit about the MCU is more trendy recently than anything.
Post end scene credit is pretty important there Jahns!
I'll just wait till they release this on VHS
that is one angry Brilliant😂
Put a chick in it, make her lame and gay!!!
Its pretty bad when reviewers are mentioning the sake things, Rohan and that South Park episode lol.
I absolutely love the movie and my 7year old daughter as well.
did the marvel's rip off spaceballs with the stealing of the air
I heard some Dr. Cox sas 2:32
Take 5 year blip rest so the timeline alligned again.
Well, I liked... Sad that you don't...
Okay definitely won’t be watching this buuuuut have you seen Loki S2??
For the record, plot is not what a movie is about.  That’s story.
Please go hard, please go hard please go...yessssss. Dar-Benn, a 90s Cosmic Marvel villain that lasted all of year before being killed by a more interesting character, resurrected and gender swapped (because reasons) and made the Big Bad? Gods...Watching It All Burn *is* Our Phase 4, and it's glorious. A movie that should have been a Disney+ series and Captain Marvel("Photon" not the charmless wonder who should have been Mar-Vell, but We digress) who should have also had her own series rather than being shoehorned in to two more episodes of WandaVision than were necessary.   Have the plans for the giant cannon Feige's going to be launched out of been drawn up yet?
If you liked her in this movie you’ll like her in Ms Marvel show. She really does have a lovable presence about her
Just got back, enjoyed it more than this review and others did. Not sure if Jeremy discusses it on his spoiler talk but the two issues he mentions about ‘side quests’ and intermittent changing were both answered in the movie so it seems odd that he said they seemed pointless/loose with the rules.  For anyone wondering; it’s a solid 90 minutes and doesn’t waste time. I really enjoyed it so would suggest that people go see it for themselves.
What I find most disappointing about the MCU is the fact that they have digital wonders, great actors they could pick, the opportunity to make spectacular comic movies and messages far more interesting than forcing libtard ideology, but they don’t do it. Reminds me of when Avatar came out, millions of dollars on just another Boys Own Annual story about touchy feely aliens and mindless American military. At lease Dune has a bit more layering to it. What a shame that the main movie manufacturing factory is intent on mass producing generic stuff when it could move into groundbreaking and highly imaginative stories.
So much of this movie is positively fucking bonkers. A musical planet? Man eating cats with pocket dimensions in their belly going on a rampage set to Memory? Fucking CGI Kelsey Grammer Beast? Kamala somehow knowing the exact Nick Fury speech.  But really, the film can be summed up in the scene where Carol reveals her "sing language husband" can speak because he's bilingual. If this gets a laugh out of you like it did me, you'll get some enjoyment out of this. If you groan heavily, may as well leave, it ain't gonna get much better.  Other than this, this movie was clearly edited to ratshit in the room and some parts weren't clear as someone who didn't watch Ms. Marvel (how did Kamala use her powers without the bangles?), but overall had a good time. Larson is allowed to tap into her charm here, Parris is good, Vellani great. But yeah, the movie around them is otherwise an entertaining frankenfilm.  6/10
Make her a chick , make her lame and gay-Disney
I expected Iman to be the best part
Forgot this movie was coming out.
I haven't seen all of the phase 4 movies so this isn't definitive, but of all the movies I have watched my least favorite is probably still Iron Man 2.
I don’t normally disagree with these videos but this was a fun & light way to advance the MCU.
WandaVision was great. Everything past that is downhill.
Watching this review made me realize that I haven't watched Marvel stuff in a long time. At this point I don't recognize half the characters. I don't want to say the mcu is dead, but it's getting there.
You can ramble all about Kamala Khan, still not going to watch anything she is in, specially a superhero movie
MoistCritical stole your video
The MCU right now reminds me of Michael Jordan, coming out of retirement to play for the DC Wizards.
This was actually was decent 7/10 but the movie went by too fast
Why Marvel KEEPS trying to make another Thor Ragnarok??
I'm sure someone else commented this but they did explain it and even had a training montage that said 2 people at the same time had to be using their powers. The only times it seems inconsistent is the initial sequence because you are only seeing one of the "Marvels" at a time and thus assume one use, one swap.
“What is it ya do here” -Dr Cox
I think Jeremy missed it. While this isn't top-level MCU material, it's a better movie than a lot of the Phase 4 stuff, including Shang Chi, Eternals, Multiverse of Madness, and Quantumania. I found it to be enjoyable, much more than I thought it would be.
I feel like if this exact same movie came out about 8 years ago this will not be the review
The Marvels was absolutely amazing 😍
Everytime I saw the big bad in trailer I just kept seeing her character for that uk show she was on, fresh meat.
Lmao i never thought something could be worse than Eternals lol..... this is it!!! If you want good writing and good acting, go watch the last episode of Loki.  Even if you swap out Loki and Sylvie in the Yggdrasil it would have just been as good.  Good acting and good writing shoot the film beyond the cosmos.     The Marlvels possesses NONE of these qualities....   complete waste of 1 hour 42 min.... 3 min of worthyness only comes at the end. But it aint worth the $18 ticket lol hell it aint even worth  $5 tuesdays at AMC
Not defending the movie, just watched and didn’t like it, but they do mention the characters only swap when their powers are used at the same time.
the ms marvel actress wasnt even that great, she was extremely mediocre, but that mediocrity SHINES in comparison to the garbage that surrounded her
Almost 1 million views, in so happy for Jeremy
IGN gave a 8/10 LMFAO😂😂😂
Watching MCU movies now you understand that it was called endgame for a reason
why did you waste your time?
My friends asked me a couple years ago why I stopped wtaching marvel after endgame.   My answer was always the same....it was the end of the story my dude.
The character of Miss Marvel, I have no real issues with....how the MCU SCREWED UP HER POWERS I have a REAL ISSUE with!!!!  They already established the ENHUMANS with AGENTS of SHIELD and just trash that background and act like it's not there.
Disney will not be getting my money. I was a shareholder of Disney and I got out right before it went to hell level 5
Loki saveed the Marvel
Everyone complaining yet they still watched this hot trash that am sure it was...they will make them if you watch them.i haven't watched anything marvel for like three or 4 years now,couldn't take the disrespect...same goes for transformers and fast and furious..
3:37 make it a chick, make her lame and gay
A January level movie during the holidays season lol
Im the most pro pre endgame MCU guy in the world but Marvel was  good you're being kinda a bitch about it Jeremy
I enjoyed the movie. It was a ton of fun. I can't trust reviewers anymore. They're jaded.
Ms. Marvel was ass
Why the hell people don’t have patience, it’s pathetic that people always wishing for the Endgame kind of stuff all the time. Enjoy the movie first. Everything takes time for building things up. I still remember everyone hated Avenger: Age of Ultron, but later regretting that while Infinity War.
Same old, disappointing bad Marvel movie since they stared their new phase
I couldn't be less interested in this. But after watching your video...  ...I couldn't be less interested in this!
I wouldn’t be surprised if Jeremy Jahns does a review with Ben Shapiro, or Andrew Tate, or both.
MCU taking break wont have any effect until Disney get rid their activist on their higher ups and multibillion projects. These people is ruining Disney and every franchise they get hands with their personal agendas. They need to tear down upper managements and blacklisted them in entertainment business really.
Those movies are so stupid
They dont swap when they use their powers individually,  it happens when multiple of them.use it concurrently
Thank you for being honest sir ❤
i just reviewed the movie review,  because i did not view it right the first time, i hope my review of the movie review which i reviewed will be reviewed for better understanding of the review.
5:25 they literally explained how the swapping worked throughout the film, how did could you even miss that? They even had a montage of them practicing how to use it.
And IGN gave it a 8💀 that’s why I watch his reviews to be sure
And this is why the MCU should've ended after Endgame
"The real question is 'what is this movie about? what is the plot?'" The plot is... SPACEBALLS🤣
Thanks for posting this video I am sick and tired of movies like this wasting my time I do not think I will be watching this in the theaters
didn’t even know this movie was a thing
Stupid company marvel studios run by morons. You get millions of comics to get stories and source material and plug and chug but they want to change everything up for no damn reason
On the bright side, the loki tv series is killin it
I love pizza. I REALLY love pizza. But if I had to eat pizza every day for over a week I would get sick, both physically and emotionally.  For me this  is what we are feeling as an audience with marvel rn, pizza will only start to have had time to actually miss it. (they obviusly have to cook it rigth I know, but that's another story...)  The "gift of being missed" is actually a good thing. And it is something that marvel (and SW for that matter) is refusing to GIFT the audiences.  Even if you take away all the artistic reasons, from a business angle it just doesn't make sense to me that they don't see it 😂  PS: and yes my choice of junk food for my analogy, instead of a more mindful dish was deliberated
It's gotta be weird if you sign a contract as an actor to do a certain number of films in a franchise and then you read a script and realize you and most of your coworkers are gonna be giving their all for a script that isn't good. Then you go out and have to promote it from a place of knowing hundreds of people put so much work into it. All it would take for most big budget bad movies to be even slightly better is a few more drafts and a less input from the non-creative business side.
mcu always had bad villains. thanos also had issues but atleast he felt formidable. but most villains were not good enough
This year must be bad for Disney.
Review Loki
I don't often disagree with you much. I take the singing and the cat bits felt like they belonged in this plot a lot more than the serious points. I did not see that final trailer before seeing it so I was expecting a fun silly superhero space romp and my expectations and I was very pleased on the other side the serious moments felt like they were out of place with the movie for me.
Is it bad that the writers went on strike?
Watching Disney's stock crash is more entertaining than their movies
Least favorite MCU movie: Captain Marvel (maybe Thor2) Least Favorite MCU villain: the villains in Ms Marvel. Who were they again???
Wonder how many of y'all would be saying he's being honest if he actually liked and praised the movie
Most of the avengers characters sucked. Avengers movies didn’t get good until Ironman came on screen. The over acting of the guy who played Loki reminded me of William Shatner on the original Star Trek. Turing Thor into a comical character was painful to watch.   Ironman was good, Guardians was good, the one black panther movie was good, the namor movie was good (but only because of namor, I refuse to call it a black panther movie) everything else really didn’t grab my attention. I would have skipped all the avengers movies after the first one if it weren’t for my wife who wanted to see them. Still waited till they came out on dvd to watch them.
"This would be fine, in an episode of Ducktales"...😅 the visuals on that jokes took me out.
the writers didn't car to watch previous installment, RIP Marvel.
It’s the MCU’s first Disney Film and honestly when I got into it and stopped my MCU nip picking I loved it! I think it’s fine that we have it!
Mainly.. Marvel should take a few years, and write a propper script..
0:01 AI can write better than the midwits in Hollywood  No, seriously
I watched it last night… during the mid part I went to the hall and chatted to my friends then went back during final battle. This movie sucks.
I’m glad we got Spider-Man 2 the game what a story that is coming from MCU nonsense!
I stopped watched MCU after Spider-Man
@jeremyjahns loved the dr.cox reference “what exactly is it ya dooo here…?” 😂
They do explain why they don't swap constantly - two of them have to use their powers at the same time for it to happen. If one person uses their powers and nobody else is at that time, no swapping happens
Can’t wait to see The Marvels on Pitch Meeting 😂
AI are the Nephilim= correct$$$
Totally agree with you, the villain is absolutely trash and the bad acting just makes it worse 💯
will not see.
I hope you’ll review the Goosebumps remake….not cause it was good…it wasnt. I just wanna hear ya shit on it
I have been considering that AI is/has written scripts for the last 8-10 yrs. Because there just seems to be a major decline in storytelling.
5:26 just to give clarification with this critique he has of the film that "they don't explain why they don't swap every time they use their powers", Monica states that they only switch places when they use their powers at the same time.... there's even a training montage of them practicing their switching.   Now, if he wanted to say that it seems like they're not switching when one would assume that 2 or all the characters would be using their powers at the same time, then I could kinda understand that critique for some of the scenes. But, again, overall it's explained why they don't switch every time they use their powers..
Can’t wait for Disney stock to finally crash
Maybe I’m being cynical, but the hook for this film seemed very weak to me.  Swapping places? I remember when the hook for Civil War was  Friends turned into enemies…
I've been waiting for these movies to go away for years. The X-Men movies were the only thing worth watching and they don't seem to care about making anymore. Not paying for tickets to this shit.
Its obvious that everything led to Thanos and Marvel had a strong linear plan to get there. Now after Endgame it really feels like they are just winging it and are churning out whatever they can just to make money.
To the initial question... i wish it AI, then there would be excuse forTHAT.
This review might give you more than 2 million subs, bro! Very honest and to the point! Movie sucked. Bring back the original Scooby Doo and Ghostbusters! That is all, have a great weekend!
There was such a simpler way to continue the mcu besides joining the panderverse.... they could have just ...uh... pandered to the fans by developing xmen!
Monica Rambeu is SO GOOD in the comics and it makes me sad to see they didnt do her justice
I'm not going to comment so that I don't have to waste time with MCU stans defending whatever the fuck comes out or hasn't even come out since last time I argued about priorities in this universe was in the Echo trailer and apparently she has a lot of fans for some reason...
I usually agree with you lol but I have to hard disagree, I think there's a group of marvel fans who this was catered to and it clearly wasn't you hahaha I really enjoyed it. I don't think all MCU projects have to be Endgame and Infinity War status. It's cool to have a few with not so high stakes that are "a fun time no alcohol required". I think some fans just got so cynical after endgame, went into everything with that film in the forefront of their minds. And of course that caused some disappointment because not everything is going to be on that level. But also not everything has to be and they're also not trying to be. I think it's also okay and honestly it should be normalized for former fans to take a break, especially for people who are growing sick of the mcu. There's a lot of other people who are still enjoying it. I think some people are starting to feel the fatigue of it. And not just because of the slew of projects that have come out recently but because they expect more. Which is fine, wait for the projects that truly give you excitement. I've started to feel like a lot of the negative reviews are jaded because of the fatigue. There are absolutely some valid points as well, like I agree the villain was incredibly mediocre to me as well. But I think despite that plot being (and I hate this word) "mid" there was still so much heart in thus film, especially between the 3 leads. And Kamala's family tagging along for the ride. The humor in this was so funny to me and I had some really laugh out loud moments. But also JERMEY THE END CREDIT SCENES WERE AMAZING. Like my theater was shook! Especially for what it means for the MCU going forward. So HIGHLY RECOMMEND to stay for that!
And it’s funny how many people didn’t see the movie and still act like it’s trash based on a review lol
im not seeing this garbage
Welp I loved the movie gave it a 9/10 with a mid credit scene rating of an 11/10 it was 🔥🔥 to me.
I saw it and Loved it
I finally got to see The Marvels, your review was SPOT ON! I agree with literally everything! 👌
I agree, the film is crap.  That said, let me point out that the MCU film from 2009 until 2019's Endgame (yes, including Dark World and even Ultron) will in the far flung future (if we have one) been seen as classics of Hollywood.  Meanwhile all the Phase 4 shit will fade into obscurity.  Look at how Wanda Vision started off.  After the first episodes u-tube channels sprang up advancing theories of where the story could be going, this based on their decades of comics knowledge.  Then about the point where the Halloween episode aired, these 'theorists' realized the story had just gone down a path that closed down all their theories.  They were at a loss and so we all watched along to see where the story would go.  The groan that sounded across the galaxy after the final episode aired could be heard all the way to the Andromeda galaxy.  This groan scared the Andromedans so badly they instantly recalled their space probe Oumuamua without contacting us.  So, even that show will be forgotten and called pointless and stupid.  I mentioned these 'theorists' (Screen Crush and Heavy Spoilers just to name a couple) because of what they all have in common.  They are White men.  Not White Alpha Males, just men.  Their ideas and the tales they spun of what COULD be coming were so much better than what came in the actual show  Now compare what they were suggesting to what actual came.  The difference was that the MCU--like those Theory vids--were made by men.  Male writers and directors.  They hired attractive people who were healthy and fit.  The women--while not dressed in any of their outfits from the source material--were lovely to look at, and while their fights were stupid the fact that they were brief was a plus.
lmao that dr cox impersonation was spot on
The movie was that meh that even Jeremy didn't have the energy to throw that punch he usually does in the end 🙃
The break should've took after Endgame. At least a year and a half of no films to build the anticipation back up.
I believe I am the only person who couldn’t tolerate Miss Marvel series: it’s a superhero version of Never Have I Ever, and I couldn’t even watch 2 episodes! I thought it’s because I have been a huge Marvel fan, but I just couldn’t sit through her bullshit acting. I was blaming myself that maybe I am too old to be her target audience.  Good decision that I skipped the movie based on the series, even though I actually Captain Marvel movie and look forward to her roles in the MCU. But,  never mind. Happy that I saved money! 🎉
That introduction
PUT A CHICK IN IT AN-
Marvel will most likely (soft) reboot AND keep all the same terrible writers. 😅
Who is in charge in Disney? This is a year after year disaster!
Do a review on Loki season 2
Put a chick in it! Make it lame and ghey!
M-She-U. That's what it's know as.
Marvel at how cr*p this is.
They did explain when they swap: they have to be using powers at same time.
ngl I’ve felt every mcu movie since like endgame has felt like it’s been made by ai besides like gotg 3
that's my man, always on point 👍
The Marvel's movie is bad... There's only one thing that's redeemable about the movie. And it's the very end credit scene. That's it!
What you don’t know is that Jeremy is talking to “Producer Guy” from Pitch Meeting. @3:22
Thank you for saving me the time and $100 it costs now for a couple to go to the movies. I'll wait to stream this on Disney+.
Must be terrible for these youtube reviewers that started 10-15 years ago and they have to smoke the long cigar of feaces  that is this kind of movie...
Panderverse
Couldn’t disagree more with Jeremy here. Movie was a good time. Go see it
"did you see that new BS south park episode?  how wrong can you be?" -an actual quote from a disney/marvel exec, probably
It seems a huge missed opportunity to not have Kamala shine on the singing/dancing world given her culture and all the wedding scenes she had in her tv show.
"Mids. Marvel is the best part of the film"   Yeah, not watching it. That's like saying hairloss is the best part of cancer treatment
Just watched it. It was boring… Ms Marvel was funny in bits, but they need to stop trying to make her the female Peter Parker. The Hawkeye thug at the end was eye-rolling… don’t get me started on Captain Raaaimbow 🌈 (not sure why they insisted on saying her name in such a weird and intentional way)
Sorry Jeremy I’m not going to wast my time on this, not even to watch reviews.
Next will be Charlie's Angels to Marvel😂 movie was trash
DUDE..... the fucking wuff..... at the end. I have seen you have some meh reviews of movies, but DAMN to see that level of uuhhgghhh "did I really need to do this" that hurt.....
Post Endgame MCU DLC 😂
Watch The Killer to cleanse your palate
Don't waste your money on this movie. it's filled with cringe dialogues and predictable plot.
Too much content is the problem, zero anticipation because they make way too much and if you miss anything it makes you not want to watch anything else until you catch up.
Dar-Ben was originally a man in the comics. There was absolutely no reason to gender swap this character. The MCU is still in phase 4 smmfh.
I liked the film. It was such an easy watch.
Disney's final form is making a Dhar-mann movie with Marvel characters. Were getting really close
I don't like how Samuel Jackson didn't get mush screen time ...that's not right ....😂  the marvel studios isn't that interesting to me any more 😅 not exactly a good cup of tea    I rather watch a Korean movie 😊
Stop saying Marvel needs to go away for awhile to regroup. NO!!!There is NO SUPERHERO MOVIE FATIGUE!!!   The problem is they are making crap. Why is it crap? Because they are pushing woke ideology. There are so many mainstream characters that they could bring to the big screen and we get what? The Marvels? ....   Truth is no one cares about these superheroes. They are lesser known and boring.
Alachia Queen’s channel was spot on with their review. The MCU has gone full Mickey Mouse Club with this movie. If you are over the age of 8, this movie isn’t for you.  This is Disney’s final Hail Mary to tap into The Barbie Movie audience, which, based on the costumes I saw during Halloween, is going to backfire big time.
MCU and Star Wars need a break for a years.   Never seen a company like Disney just drain the crap out of a franchise to the point where there is nothing left  "Marvel and Star Wars creatively bankrupt" - Rich
The comedy has a “I don’t care” casual attitude and doesn’t always fit the tone or moment. The cohesion of the three cosmic stooges is good at first but they never rectify the bond between Brie and Monica. The pacing is just horrendous it’s like a show combined into a hour and a half with 5 different movies happening. On that note this should have been ms.marvel 2 because her story is the only great one. Nick fury looks like someone castrated him and lost all his testosterone. The editing was ridiculous, a moment will build and you’ll start to think “hey wait is that character depth?” Then the scene ends to make space. Speaking of scenes prepare for the cringiest scenes you have ever witnessed be thrust upon mankind. Some cgi is great however some is horrible and has been tried thousands of times like the scene in action movies where they jump on platforms in the air because their so powerful and walk on the air sequences, look at priest (2011) or the new flash movie for this tired trend that won’t die. Monica was mid and was a better captain marvel alternative to me despite literally having no purpose I still liked pretending she was captain marvel. Ms marvel was good and annoying but as a child she gets a slight pass despite her annoying voice cracks, kissing a** and excessive dialogue. Brie is… well.. Brie Larson in the movie it felt like and she was not absolutely revolting like the rest of the times, she did something okay here. However I don’t think she should get a pass considering her passive aggressive statements to the fans and men this week so have at her. There’s plot for the cat as if the movie wasn’t bloated enough. The over all plot was a let down because there was 0 stakes, the main villain is just hell bent on the oldest story ever created… revenge. Before you ask no they don’t try to do anything new with the revenge plot and as a result the villain may be the worst one we seen yet as no one cared for her in my theatre, she was severely rushed and underwritten and was completely one dimensional who felt like she was there just because they needed a big bad. They gender swapped and I think race swapped the villain from the comics who was a nobody that we all forgot about, despite being marketed as a must see game changer that will alter the multiverse. Sounds familiar doesn’t? *cough cough* captain marvel 1. The combat is overrated, for example Brie blocks lasers with her gauntlets the entire movie and the villain never stops to wonder if she should aim somewhere she can’t block like her feet 🤦‍♂️. If you pay to see “beautiful” million dollar scenes which is never the focus of any good story then you’re going to love it I suppose. Ultimately it is a 2.4/10
Who would have tought that movies pushing wokeness, extreme feminism, forced equality, propaganda, anti males, anti white culture and with horrificly bad cgi would be failures? Thats crazy!
I think Wandavision as a show perfectly shows the issues with the MCU. During promotion of the show and before the ending EVERYONE was hyped, there was mystery, there was fun and so much promising stuff. Then there was the finale... Fell flat, under delivered and promises broken (more than just Ralph Boner). That's how most MCU projects has been, with the exception of Loki
Love your takes
I had fun watching it. The fight scenes with the power swaps were done really well.
More woke garbage from Disney/Marvel
What has happened to the MCU? It’s totally fallen on its ass over the last few years, with the exception of a couple of bangers e.g. No Way Home.
This movie looks horrible.  Didn't they just do universes bleeding into others with Spiderman, or that magician guy, or Loki?  I can't keep track of this stuff anymore.  I saw the first one and it's like the lead person's superpower is a horrible personality.  Gonna pass.
MARVEL DID IT! Its not easy to expect absolute garbage and to STILL be surprised how bad it was. Hats off!
Thanks I’ll wait to see it on Disney +
I knew this movie was trash never going to see it
PUT A CHICK IN IT...
I don't think it's a break they need, they just need to make a good movie. If that takes a break that's fine, but it's not really burnout, it's just that MCU=bad movies. If they were good I wouldn't mind watching em once a year or so without a break.
MCU died with Tony Stark
I so fed up with these womens power movie...nowadays, evrything has be to womens, and black...
They should’ve taken a 1-2 year break to actually have a plan for the remaining phases. I personally would’ve loved a multiverse, but they’re dragging it out
The goal here was not box office revenue but the cross the checklist of “D&I” to score brownie points with the WOKE HOLLYWOOD ELITE. Congratulations to the audience as such garbage will still be rolling out for next 2-3 years.
hahahaha he said wof!!!!!!!!!
I feel like everyone forgot that Disney bought marvel😭
YEAH i will wait to watch it now thanks for the information Marvel is going down
Please be honest, is it really bad or people just hate it because of all female cast?
Yeah, killing off Lee Pace's Ronan the Accuser was one of the biggest mistakes the MCU has made and I have always felt that way. Great actor, great character, and they killed him off for absolutely no reason.  Also, Ronan's hammer is the "Universal Weapon." It's basically a supercomputer that can rearrange matter. In the comics, it's hella powerful.
I watched this one because I figured your review would be kinder than others. Critical Drinker is gonna tear this movie a new one.
what was the south park joke about?
I thought you would add something new to the conversation... You did not. Makes this review sound generic smh
Even Jeremy’s review is more of  the Marvels, than I want to see.
I just watched a review for a movie that should have been labeled “Dogshit,” not that you won’t remember it the next day. C’mon, Jeremy. I mean, you called it crap in your opening sentence!  I stopped watching the MCU at Endgame so my least favorite has to be Captain Marvel
Franchises not films.
I've never liked John's but at least tells it
PUT A CHICK IN IT !!!
Man, I liked it a lot! It was a lot of fun. But unlike Jeremy, I did love the Musical Planet and the bit with the cats, So YMMV. It was like something you would see in a Rick & Morty episode. Sure, goofy as hell, but entertaining!
You’re pretty much the only reviewer I trust
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY 😂
"Put a chick in it and make her gay... and lame." 🤣🤣
Haha if this is jeremys review , cant wait to see drinkers rant
This movie was pretty great. Better than Antman/Love and thunder/secret invasion/iron man 2/dark world/first avenger   Like this was a genuinely fun and exciting, without forcing humor.   The trip to the random planet was great too. This movie is supposed to be bright and fun like Ragnorok.
South Park meme made it here! 👌👌👌
I saw it, I thought it was just a fun, entertaining movie with a bit of comedy. Never saw any of the TV show Tie ins. Near perfect length for the movie,
People are finally starting to see the Thor level goofiness that has crept into every corner of this universe.
Every YouTube critic is doing the same thing. If you look up "Marvels review" it's a list of YouTube videos where the YouTuber posts an avatar of his face fueled with fake rage as if he just ate at a restaurant and got bad service with the caption "trash". Like, there's no reason to watch your video except there is a market for this. There is a trend of Brie Larson haters, so they'll support your video because your videos validates their feelings. There is a narrative to be driven here and these YouTubers are driving the bus. The movie isn't citizen Kane but it's definitely not the worst thing Marvel has done. Not by a long shot.
Loved it!!!
Even the trailer is BAD
can't believe you've built such a following with....this....i don't know.... schtick? good for you. i guess
I think it's more naive to think that nobody has been using AI, the past couple years to write movies.
I am.not going to watch it anyway
The fact this movie is shit shouldn't be concerning. Since no one gives a f*ck about The Marvels
All Critical Drinker subscribers saw this thumbnail and smiled
Stong wamen😂😂😂😂
It wasn't bad the only thing I didn't like in this was nick fury
Are they going to address what they did with all the you know what towards the end of the movie? The amount of damage they will cause on earth is crazy if they are not dealt with
Thank you, your video prevented me wasting any time at all on this film.
Oh...and horrible special effects!!! I am done with these horrible films!!!!
This is one of the most unnecessary movies Marvel has made. Literally nobody asked for this.
Fuck it. I'm going to watch it. I mean, I'm going to pirate it.
And that DAMN SINGING!!! THE DANCING!!! WHAT!!! IT WAS A DISNEY MUSICAL!!!
Absolutely the worst movie I  have EVER SCENE!!! STUPID!!! POOR CASTING, WORST PLOT!!!!
You know i compared captain marvel and alita battle angel back then, and the latter was better.. And even u compare that movie to this marvel turd.... ALITA BATTLE ANGEL IS STILL BETTER!!! 😂😂😂😂
They already had the power swap idea in the Silver Surfer Fantastic 4 movie.
Thanks Jeremy. Going to see it
If they could just put all the Avengers related stuff away for a long time to give us a break and get the X-men out of the toybox (but dont put them in the MCU) and maybe a little more Wearwolf by night (and new blade) that would be great. Anything else isnt needed.
Ahhh genius! I'm 💀
Add a chick, make her lame, and make her g@y.
This review is GOLD😂
For me, the MCU ended with GOTG 3. Go out on a high note.
MCU aka Medicore Crappy Universe 😂😂😂
I liked it……
honestly the only thing that kept me on mij seats was miss marvel and her family, and even i saw how bad the CGI was, it even sometimes looked like a videogame.
Did they use the panderstone to make this movie? Is it a panderverse movie? I'm assuming it is since it says "Marvel" on it and Disney now owns Marvel.
I agree that Marvel hasn't been producing their best work, especially in their tv series, but I completely disagree on the ranking. The villain is not good at all. I agree with that. The plot to me was more that even with our best intentions are decisions hurt people, but we can make our or others' futures better by amending the mistakes of our past. During this entire movie, Ms. Marvel was on screen. I couldn't help but smile and have fun with this movie. I personally would say this is a good time no alcohol required, but that's the Beaty of movies they're all subjective.
This movie was so much fun ! It has been a minute since I've had a movie or I was engaged the whole time. Everything was either funny or interesting or action packed start to finish. If people say otherwise, it's cuz they're looking too much into what really is a superhero movie. Not everything has to be one of the greatest stories ever told at the end of the day. These are superhero movies that are supposed to be fun and that's what this is
Doing the same thing over and over again and getting the same results is the definition of Insanity
Why would they fetishize certain things, and give no value to other things.... They are ruining a honest progression into goodness !
I knew from jump this movie would be complete ass
Marvel Cinematic Universe has ENDED with ENDGAME 🤗
This is ragebait pandering. The Marvels was amazing. I don't believe we saw the same movie. This was the best MCU film since Endgame.
5:16 My God, I really hate this Whiny* not cateredto me, man* Style type of review. You fall into over the years. I used to Really look forward to your reviews on things now. You're just like every 40 year old nerd. That's struggling to come to terms that not everything in entertainment. Is trying to get your Attention, it's boring.
it's not AI it's just shitty writers
THIS MOVIE WAS FINE! WATCH MY REVIEW FOR An ACCURATE REVIEW. JAHNS THIS IS DISAPOINTING. YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED MS. MARVEL BUT YOU WATCH THIS WHEN THEY GO HAND IN HAND.
Just hoping on the next Deadpool  to roast the movies that happened after endgame
I've been bored by MCU crap since 2015. I'm glad the sheep who've flocked to this are as sick of this vapid junk as I am.
This movie was doomed from the start. Going to get more entertainment from watching it crash & burn, then the movie could ever produce.
Least favorite MCU film? I’m gonna go pre-Endgame to give myself more of a challenge and say Ant-Man and the Wasp.  Truly the Kingdom Hearts Re:Coded of the MCU. My least favorite villain of any MCU film is Maliketh from Thor: The Dark World.  Had to look up his name because I couldn’t even remember who he was.
It was meh 😐 😕
Kamala khan does not wear veil ? 😮
Hope you end up checking out The Holdovers!  It looks so good!
You haven't seen Ms. Marvel? It's one of their best shows imo. Very lighthearted and funny. And people binge watch 22 episode TV shows. There's only 15 episodes that are about 30 minute each that needs to be watched before this. It's not that bad and two great shows to boot. If it was She Hulk or Secret Invasion then yeah I get it.   I honestly think people are just getting tired of superhero movies. I always felt like fatigue would never settle in, but I was wrong. Doesn't help that the movies are either subpar or not great.  I mean since Endgame:  Black Widow - decent but not great  Shang Chi - great, probably should have been a sequel by now  Eternals - great but about half didn't like it  Spider-Man No Way Home - great  Doctor Strange MoM - really good  Thor Love and Thunder - again half either loved it or hated it, I thought it was pretty good, just too silly  Black Panther II - great, but there are quite a few that didn't like that Black Panther wasn't re-cast. I liked the movie, and I understand, but after some time has passed now I think it was a mistake to not recast the role.  Ant-Man and the Wasp - wasn't great ... needed to be great ... Kang lost too easily and doesn't seem like a major threat. Majors' legal issues doesn't help in the public eye.  GotG Vol 3 - great  When it comes to the TV shows I think only She Hulk and Secret Invasion were the stinkers. Everything else was pretty good. WandaVision, Loki, Falcon, Moon Knight, and Ms. Marvel are the standouts to me. You know looking back at it we haven't gotten a lot. I just think so many were released in 2021 we got overwhelmed. But only three shows released last year and 2 so far this year. But then you have other superhero movies and tv shows so ... fatigue.
Kamala gives Peter Parker vibes, with a capacity to grow TF up quicker than Peter but hopefully without the tragedy
So the consensus is the MCU has run its course and needs to either take a break or stop all together. They peaked with Endgame and now all we’re getting is table scraps.
I'm confused.  I thought Brie Larson was no longer playing this character.
What planet are these people on? It is called ESGs. These companies are paid billions to destroy society with toxic messages. It is meant to be weird and unnatural. Destroy the family. Make people desperate and lonely. Encourage division. This is happening with most companies. You will eat z bugs. You will own nothing and like it. This is the brainwashing faze before they shut down the old world. Hope you are ready for what they have planned for us all.
please review One piece live action. PLEASEEEEEE!!!!
I'll go see this for Ms.Marvel then.
It’s just written by the wokesters nothing else
How can it be bad? 3 women from 3 different races
just came here to hear jeremy complain beatifuly
Guardians of galaxy latest one was super awesome
For a movie with female heroes and a female villain, it seems oddly stereotypical to have kitty cats and a musical number. Might as well watch Mama Mia
I don't think I've ever disagreed with one of your reviews more.  I loved this movie lol  It was fun and straight out of a comic in the best way.
I wish they would have just wrapped it up and end of endgame - then we could all just have a great sense of nostalgia about it all.
That vellani is even more pathetic.
The way they have bastardized the MCU with endless woke nonsense have me hating what I once loved as a child.
That singing scene was literally for a disney princess barbie doll line - there was no other reason why that scene had to exist except for extra merch potential.
A planet where you have to sing to be understood sounds like an unused James Gunn bit for Guardians. Can’t help but feel had Gunn done it mfs would eat it up.
The swapping the powers thing isn't original...that Fantastic 4 movie with the Silver Surfer in 2007 did it too. God I want the FF to get their justice but it won't happen in this current climate.
I think the angle they were going for for Carol could’ve been interesting (the reason she was known as The Annihilator to the Kree).  But it’s wasted with one line of her explaining it and why she feels bad, and one from Monica pretty much saying she doesn’t care. It would’ve been a great way to make her and the villain a bit more complex.
Iman Vellani has a very similar young blood energy and enthusiasm towards her character as Tom Holland. Ms. Marvel's character fits like a glove with her own nature. The character is funny and Iman is quite natural. I wish the best to her in her future endeavours. Do watch Ms.Marvel whenever you get the chance. I hope they come up with something creative for the new avengers. Not involving anything with the old ones. As it's now becoming extremely mediocre and repetitive. You go girl! 👏
How can anyone miss you if you never go away? MCU should’ve taken a 3-5 year break after endgame. Regroup, get some fresh ideas and return to a huge amount of fanfare.
They literally ripped the swap power mechanic from Rise of the silver surfer.
So glad I stopped watching any marvel movies after endgame, which also sucked.
It feels like Marvel started with some passion and reached a sensational peak. Now it seems like money making projects and trying to sustain.  Thor 4 was utter nonsense  Multiverse of madness is average Spider-Man 3 is for nostalgia and it’s good. That’s all All are average films with no emotion.
Seems like the transition at 3:19 was,       *_barely an inconvenience._*  🤷🏾‍♂️
Dude, I’m pretty sure it’s ok to mention spoilers. Cuz nobody’s seeing this crap.
Bro. How did you watch this movie with seeing the ms marvel series????
C+P : Well watched it this afternoon and I was bored and squirming even though it was short. It looked so cheap from the weird small spaces they were fighting in: house, spaceship, green screen stage, the final fight with the ladies in the loading dock … that’s where they ended this movie with them pounding it out on a smallish stage the size of a basketball court? And then there’s Brie Larson’s deadpan “I already got my paycheck” delivery. Gosh it was bad and that post credit outfit on the one character looked like a cheap ass Halloween outfit. That musical planet bit was just Urgh.  Considering how good the creator looked - this was cheap.   Also, that villian. She was so miscast and so bad. Going from the amazing cate Blanchett and her A-tier menace to this lady with her weird hairpiece. I would have recast her after watching the dailies. Ouch. 2/10
This is a full on little girl tween disney movie .. not a movie for adults or even young adults. So i guess more Adult Marvel and Star Wars are over... Non of these movies appeal to men... Now its just Mickey Mouse Universe crap geared toward young girls.
While watching it I said this to my wife:  "I understand that this movie is garbage but I'm enjoying it though"  Wife: "yeah right? This is fun dumb stuff!"
The problem is they didn't made them lame and Gay enought
DEI in Hollywood sucks. They got rid of all the favourite characters and replaced them with a lot of nonsense.
LOL got me on the studios meeting part
Time for them to give the MCU a break for  many many years.... started great way back when but now its a total sh*t show
woman power yeah
They made it for the 5 to 10 years old girs.
Least favorite MCU Film: Thor: The Dark World.  Worst Villian: Malekith the drab.
MCU formula: Hamfisted woke ideology hammered in with Ronan's hammer, boring as crap character writing, clichéd and unthreatening villain that dies in 5 seconds and thereby removing any sort of tension, tonal schizophrenia, rushed screenplay.
Put a chick in it!! Make her gay!!
The whole “movie” of setup was Ms. Marvel. When you skip vital content and are confused, that isn’t this movie’s fault.
I was dating a girl who was excited to see The Marvels. Needless to say, she dumped me.
Jeremy thanks for not bowing to the Rat or Mouse, whatever. A older associate of yours seems to think this movie is "great"?  Seriously? Anyway there are a few reviewers that fans can TRULY TRUST. You are one of them. I had high hopes for Exorcist Believer, and your review was spot on perfection! I was extremely disappointed in the Exorcist Bullsh*tter. Thanks for being real about these movies. At least we can look to one person for honest reviews.
This garbage isn't written by A.I., it's written by political activists who care far more about promoting their agenda than entertaining the audience. This is coming from someone pretty solidly on the left by the way...
I miss the Infinity Saga so much 😔
CrZy how this came out the same day as Loki finale came out. What opposite ends of the spectrum
I have zero faith in Marvel studios (and Disney as a whole) these days. They are completely disconnected from the reality of making actually good movies and tv anymore, just opting for the oversaturated-churn the content out-get the dollars back putrid stench that is just another symptom of late-stage Capitalism
Shocks me how many people skipped Ms marvel show lol. ITS AMAZING. So heart felt and fun
Everything about this looked garbage.  The posters, the characters, the plot line, and the actors.  I really couldn’t care dude.  Marvel is a dumpster fire now
Isn't it amazing? Marvel and Star Wars were doing well, then Disney shoved it's claws into it and Star Wars is awful with the exception of a very FEW shows. And now Marvel is a joke. They literally took the top two franchises of all-time and they shoved their agendas into them, their idiotic ideals, and POOF! The best is now a joke. 🧀🫕Brie🧀Larson 🫕🧀 alienated so many fans before she even donned her outfit. Her mouth shot off the new social idealism. And these agendas, hmm? So far fans can't stand them. Yet they double down and drive more of it home? And watch somehow this movie will break the 900 million dollar mark?
Omg I forgot about you!!! I’m happy to see you still going
I'll pass on marvel
Is it better than ant man3 and thor 4 or worse? pls let me know
I stopped giving a shit about marvel movies about 5 years ago
This movie was going to be garbage just because it's by disney.
Excited to watch Disney sending the MCU into oblivion with their woke agenda
Stoped watching this stuff after the hulk films watched end game but after the hype, it was ok but the ending killed it having all boy group all girl group made it official the boyz have left the building
one day you´ll also realise maybe that 90% of all MCU movies were also and indeed, crap.
I like the optimism from people thinking that this movie is rock bottom for Marvel 😆
I needed just a couple more minute of flashback to tie the purpose of the film together. The Captain Marvel character was better and lived in during this film.
I am going to puke.
Ahhh, I remember the days when only a few knew Marvel.. they red comics and occasionally we would get a solid movie ( Sam Raimi's Spiderman or xmen ). And now its just this big over the top, over saturated, pointless franchise. I'm a superhero fan and my friends know this, and they seem surprised when they ask me if I seen the latest marvel movie or series and I always reply.. no I'm outta love with it. Its sweat shop produced garbage for the most part nowadays with only occasional glimpses of quality.
I personally think the worst MCU film is Quantumania. It feels like a soulless film made by AI and things just happen so the plot could happen. It feels more like setup to all the Kang stuff and Kang is underwhelming despite how much Kevin Feige hypes him up as the next big thing and he comes across as all bark, no bite.  When I finish Quantamania, I feel nothing.  At least from what I gather from The Marvels, there at least seemed to be some semblance of humanity in it, even if it doesn't give a good movie as a result.
Let me guess..."Meh" is the grade right.  I wouldnt be surprised at this point this start to feel like Call of duty 😅
Put a chick in it & make her gay! And, I want it lame!
"Ah genius, brilliant. Brilliant!!!" 😂🤣
This was the most marvel of all time
Y’all just go off of what he says automatically instead forming your own opinion like come on man
Here is the dude who liked the eternals. I wonder if he’ll like marvels also?
Spider-Man No Way Home is thr only good MCU project post endgame. Everything else has been trash and this film hits a new low.
The failure of context delivery in the Marvels, or any recent Marvel movie is that 'They' heavily rely on an expectation that the fans will subscribe to exclusive channels and watch background series Prior to keep up with the storyline. A bit of a gamble there, and a bit lazy to expect new releases to stand a chance as a blockbuster. Duhhhr!
“Sense 8” by the Wakowski bros had the same premise
The swapping thing they had said it happens whenever they use their power at the same time
Marvel should scrap every project for 5 years and then reboot everything.
MCU could do some reboots and reimaginings of their properties. We already had like 3 different batmans. Let someone else try iron man. Have it be more gritty.   Have someone else be Thor. Make it more grounded and closer to viking history.   Have someone else be captain America. Idk man...
Watched 04:37 into it and stopped. I feel myself getting set up for a complete let down.
Why are folks still watching Marvel after infinity war??
I just saw it. I kinda liked it to be honest. Ms. Marvel is the heart and soul of this movie and it feels more like a Ms. Marvel movie over Captain marvel. It wasn't groundbreaking by any means, but I enjoyed it.
Another bad Marvel movie?!!
I want my superheroes to be bit grounded ones...like not so much super powers ...bit of humans....
between this and the south park episode, maybe this will be the wake up call
This movie sucks The Woke sucks Disney sucks
I will watch it just because of cats.
Bored to death with Superhero shit..
Big ups on the Office Space reference
Looks like garbage.  LOL.  Disney and Marvel is dead.
yeah marvel needs to take break
God bless you Jeremy !!! YOU ARE A LEGEND.
The guardian of the galaxy 3 was really good.
Just came from the theaters… Honestly wasn’t expecting much with all the hate surrounding it. But it was actually good! Only criticisms is the main villain kinda boring and weak, and it was really short. Overall, decent movie 👍🏼 definitely better than Quantum mania
No audio
Iv honestly not really liked anything they have made after endgame. All of it just the same thing over and over. The only good things that came out were wandavision and loki. Just finishing the second season of loki i want to rewatch again and again. Maybe guardians 3 was pretty good too it actually made me feel things at some parts. No way home, and even bits of doctor strange were cool too but everything else has been ASS
MCU .. Matriarchy .. Continues .. Unlimited. Was that it? You get a cat. We know you get a cat and die alone.
Oh how the mighty has fallen.  Smh. Go woke, go broke.
Well at least it wasn’t 🐕 💩. 💁🏻‍♂️
I would rather watch a film about the Universal Weapon, or the "Cosmi-Rod" warhammer just sitting idle somewhere until a Kree touches it. The End.
fuck wokeism
Marvel Studios is like The Pokémon Company and they vomit out so much content that it doesn’t have time to not be “meh.”
Not gonna watch it stud 🕺🏾👉🏽👉🏽😎🕺🏾🕺🏾
Man do it for loki 2…..rather than doing for these crap movies…loki is the gold standard
they don’t swap when they use their power. They swap when they use their powers at the same time. dumba$$
First time watching a Marvel mo ie review before watching it.  I won’t be watching this one.
My least favorite mcu movie is Eternals but this is a close second
My boy SeoJun was only in it for barely 2 mins 😭 That is straight up disrespectful
Crazy that Disney is successfully buying reviews and has managed to squeeze out a 60% Fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes as of now. They also have a 85% audience score, paying mid tier Disney influencers with early screenings and goodie bags.
As someone who thinks this movie is a 6/7 out of 10, this review was actually terrible. Some things I agreed with, But a lot of this felt like you were just not paying attention at all. The power swapping is clearly explained, there’s even a montage showing why it works the way it does. The villains goal is very simple as well, I like…I was baffled watching this at some points
The best part of being a Captain Marvel fan is that there is a good chance I will have the whole theater for myself. 😅
Have you watched netflix's "The fall of House of Ushers"? It's a solid series. Can't wait to hear your review of it
Please, AI would have produced something much better than this.
I love marvel movies but this movie was absolute complete garbage
This movie was so bad .The end made me chuckle . Like photon could have literally just pulled the worm hole together while standing In the 616 side of the hole. . Literally this movie is insulting
WHAT HAPPENED TI CAPTAIN MARVEL DURING AND AFTER INFINITY WAR, WHAT PLANETS DID SHE HAVE TO HELP, WHAT WARS DID SHE FIGHT IN BETWEEN THEN, WHAT DID THOSE TIMES DK TO HER, WHERE IS HER CHARACTER?????
I finished watching his review, I was explaining things in my head to him as he was asking the questions. It's like he didn't watch the same movie. I feel like he hated it just to hate it?
I find that the  main protagonists in the movie has no balls.
I actually really liked it. The fight scenes were dope, especially the last one
Man i really have been watching jeremy for 10+ years.  I was  in middle  school when he made that transforms revenge  of the fallen vid.
Also, I’m pretty sure the dancing and singing planet was supposed to be a nod to Bollywood.
Brie Larsen isn't to blame here guys. It's a shitty character with a dumb backstory and unlimited powers and her only flaw is that someone comes along with more unlimited powers... this is 1000 percent post Disney MCU Kathleen Kennedy style of garbage, a shit script, and the build up made it just worse. I will go back to watch Brie in Scott Pilgrim and cross my fingers she gets out of this role if possible.
Movie was good. Y'all can suck it.
It's astonishing how many flops in a row they can have before they realize they need to change everything about their movies.
Cant get behind Monica after she said hostages should be grateful their captor let them go because said captor had to unmake her imaginary children as well
i personally really liked the film, couldve needed a better villain but man and credit scene has me so hyped for secret wars
@ 5:23, They only swap if they use their powers at the exact same time. Thought they made that pretty clear..
No end credit scene. It’s an end credit noise. Not worth staying for.   Mid credit was kind of exciting. But this was so bad it just makes you certain they’re gonna screw it up.
Officially the worst marvel movie. So so stupid.
From what I understand a lot of what they filmed didn't work, and a lot of that was Brie adlibbing instead of sticking to the script. And Brie wasn't happy about that. It's quite common for a movie to be fixed in the editing, Star Wars was a very different movie originally, but Marvel/Disney has come to rely on that now. They change so much during filming the film they make often bears no resemblance to the script the stars signed on for. Rise of Skywalker and Dial of Destiny apparently had multiple branches and endings filmed so they could slot entire plots in and out depending on viewer reactions. Nothing is a coherent vision any more, it's all set pieces then reshoots to add linking scenes.
The post credit scene is the most important scene of the movie!
I just saw it and It was great!! Ya alittle messy but great action, and really funny!! 8/10
... Not even worth a punch at the end.
I respect Jeremy for his raw, honest thoughts on this MCU film. It seems like this movie isn’t a terrible film but a bland, uninspired one. Like stale bread. It doesn’t taste bad, but I’m far from feeling satisfied by it.
Lol you did a skit 4:01  you never do skits jeremy ?!!?! Thats was great
Sounds like the mid credit scene with the x men is the best part of the  of this movie. A Beast cameo. Kelsy Grammar
Nice Dr Cox homage.
These should skip theatres and go straight to streaming platform, I didn't even know there was a Marvel movie coming out and somehow have no interest in watching.
There's no need to review this. Nobody wants to see it.
Please review Loki.. The show is done...
Welcome to the M-She-U 😂😂😂
I will say, they did actually explain the swapping part. Apparently, they need to actually trigger their powers at the same time. Like, how they practiced with it on the ship, or how Carol told Monica to tag her in and they counted down before swapping. But, if one of their powers are already in use, there's no swap. And, because there were 3 of them, it made tracking it a bit difficult to keep up with, initially. It was a bit tricky, but I noticed the pattern after a while. Also, Carol and Monica are more adept to hand-to-hand combat than Kamala, which is why there was so much of it from them in the beginning, which spaced the swaps a bit. This was a movie that actually could've benefitted from being a little longer, in my opinion. I didn't hate it. With superhero films, I tend to get what I expect. Some are definitely better than others, but I rarely walk away from them thinking they're garbage. Maybe because my expectations are low to begin with, who knows? But, I've been saying for years that they should've taken a break after No Way Home. Take 5 years, come back with another thoroughly planned out 10 year run of films. And the fact that we had Covid for a nice chunk of that time, it would've been perfect for them to bow out for a while. It's not looking too well for Disney these days.
This guy is definitely not a true marvel fan at all the movie was amazing and he doesn’t even know comic book versions of them all
3:44 just put a chick on it and make her gay!
literally couldn’t disagree more 😂 this is movie was fucking awesome!! going to see it multiple times!
We we're so disappointed after stopping watching Marvel movies years ago. We we're so annoyed with the fan girl and how the story goes.
You missed the boat with this review. I mean, if you can't even understand the plot, which was explained both verbally and visually, then just admit you've checked out and aren't paying attention.
After Love and Thunder nothing could be worse for me personally.
This review is more entertaining than the movie
make a spoiler. Surgically destroy this movie
This guy is an idiot… he’s making a review even thou he hasn’t even seen all the series and movies, the reason the hammer has power stone energy is the same as how hydra used the mind stone and space stone to create other weapons w those same energy thru science… also this movie was amazing, only 3 short scenes were bad but overall it was a good movie to mix in x man into the verse, plus all the fighting was well done, amazing CGI plus was funny at moments but not as terrible as Thor 4
The reason they didn’t swap places every time is because they need two of them to use the powers at the same time
Ever since the original teaser, I knew it wasn't going to be good. From the months since, I've been BOMBARDED with ads and comments TELLING ME how GOOD it was going to be, over and over and over. Even the threads where the headline was skeptical/critical, the fan comments (bots?) where OVERWHELMINGLY positive and I remained skeptical. Long story short, THANK YOU for confirming my predictions definitively. I can always rely on your honest opinion.
Anything with Kang is cool though 👌
This movie no one asked for, and feels forced upon us.
The plot of the movie is representation... That its..
It was my worst fear. Not sure why they released it nobody liked Captain Marvel
Is the Marvels movie supposed to be pre-Skrull Invasion or post-Skrull Invasion?
There's also the matter of Captain Marvel being entirely too OP, bordering on broken..but also breathes in space, heavily panting, with no oxygen?  Post credit is just sounds of cats.
I thought the most recent DC films were all gona pretty bad but this is right up there with those.
I really loved it but then again I’m the target demographic like yeah it didn’t blow me away but I had a lot of fun watching it.
hahaha. love this channel, along with critical drinker and a few others. top work
A planet where everyone sings?  The Transformers already tried that and it sucked!
I HAVE NOT LIKED MAVEL SINCE THE LAST SPIDERMAN MOVIE AND END GAME. IM ONLY LOOKING FORWARD TO DEADPOOL ³ AT THIS POINT.
I didn't know that Clifford Joseph Price aka Goldie was the villain in this movie! Boy! how bout that
Wala wala bing  ba- im not watching this movie
I wish the villain wasn't played by Tom Hiddleston's wife because I can see him walking away from the MCU entirely based off how the fans are responding 🙃 given the ending of Loki season 2 and becoming a dad this year, I'm really  afraid he's done with us but I'm not done with him. Anyways...
Where's ahsoka part 2?
Just watched it, I’m going to be nice and say it’s a high budget chick flick with all classics ‘slumber party’s, walking books on their heads, jump rope, magically appearing dresses like Cinderella with fairy dust, prince and princess, musical and dance numbers and course lot of hugging awhs for kittens’. Yes all these stereotypes with in this movie and more including basically referencing freaky Friday with modern marvel twist witch I’m not going to lie was kind of clever. Honestly their far worse chick flicks so I’m shore be lot girls that like the film.
The singing bit reminds me when SpongeBob went to rock bottom, and had to speak a certain way.
November 9th, 2023, is the a wild day. The MCU peaked and bottomed out all at once
The only thing that is carrying Marvel rn is Loki
Demolition man reference was great LOL
Kamala 100% Carried the film, same with Monica
I usually agree with your reviews like 90% of the time but I highly disagree with this one. Just finished watching and it and I thought it was pretty good. I agree that the villain was just another villain of the week but everything else was good. I didn’t think the singing planet was weird or the cat thing was out of place like you mentioned. Also 100% that Iman was the heart of the movie and I’m excited for what they have in store for her in the future.   Also, mid credit scene audible made me gasp and grab my face! Loved it.
This is just a woke feminist garbage
😂😂😂😂😂😂 great review
He sounds so tired 😂
I liked it! Its not like they went to the singing planet to do a side quest. They have a legit reason to lol
They did explain why they dont swap.
This movie is one of the best Marvel movies yet!!!!!! I watched it tonight and the entire theater couldn't stop clapping!!!! Don't listen to the haters, this movie is awesome!!
This movie was much better than some of their other movies cough externals, black widow
Question for those who think the MCU is in shambles:  What would you do with the existing plot threads? Try to resolve them in a satisfying way or just drop them altogether and move on?
I thought this movie was alright, going into it my expectations were about half and half, I thought Captain Marvel was great but I thought Ms Marvel wasn’t very good, and I thought this movie had a fun, unique concept as well, and it delivered a fairly enjoyable time, the most fun thing about it is definitely the switching places stuff, they get some really good comedy out of it early on and it was really fun to watch, Brie Larson and Iman Vellani were both good, although I didn’t like the Ms Marvel show she was good in it and that continues here, and the post credit scene is great, I really did not see it coming but it was awesome, the movie did have quite a few shortcomings though, one of which was unfortunately Monica Rambeau, she didn’t really get as much to do in this movie compared to Brie Larson and Iman Vellani and ultimately she kinda just felt like a third wheel, and the villain is terrible, like she is without a doubt one of the most forgettable MCU villains I’ve seen in a long time, everything from her backstory, her dialogue etc. is about as generic as you can get, and maybe this is just me but while the cat stuff in the first Captain Marvel was funny here I thought they kinda overdid that stuff, I thought there were just a little too many cat scenes in this movie, although I will say there is one really funny moment involving them, mainly because it’s this really darkly funny scene with a bunch of them, so in the end while it is only ok I thought this movie was entertaining enough, I definitely don’t think it lived up to the potential that I thought this concept had but it did it’s job fine, Brie Larson and Iman Vellani were really good, the action is fun and while this is yet another recent offering from the MCU that’s just alright I still had an ok time with it. 6/10
Marvel is the Activision of movies
Watching this over dream scenario is crazy
This will bomb hard
IGN gave this an 8/10!
That's the kind of flotsam  I expect to see on Disney plus I fel asleep in the first 15 minutes total snore fest.
lol I was hoping it would be good, wanted a good movie for the weekend😢, but I guess I get to watch all the reviewers roast the movie now😂
I swear I simply wish more reviewers had your honesty JJ. Well done.
I just watched it and I watched it with fan eyes, I actually enjoyed the movie
I liked the marvels more than the first one. Especially Kamala. I have to disagree with him on this one.
I don’t think it was written by Ai. That’s silly.  Ai would have done a much better job. Chat gbt could run Disney better then Iger…  but you you cant throw 39 million at chatgbt. It’s very important the privileged (that are telling poor people that they are privileged) are getting millions thrown at them because fans don’t know anything
Had you watched Ms. Marvel you'd understand how the bangles work and had you actually paid attention to the movie, they only swap when two of them use their powers at the same time. Dude I've been a fan but did you even watch the movie?
Rogues need to come in and put this Mrs Marvel movies in a coma.
Ok, I want to now see a Producer Guy and Jeremy Jahns Pitch Guy crossover.
I honestly felt the same way when I saw it.
Dhar-Mann was truely one of the villains of all time
South Park did it right. We need to stop this crap.
So did the BLACK GIRL MAGIC help it
The villain from Captain Marvel 1 and Villian from Thor 2 had the be the worst villains in the MCU 😣😣😣
Hard pass for me bro....
I was very disappointed with this movie.
DONT BE A SHEEP AND DONT LISTEN TO THESE GUYS.   think for yourself, watch it and make your own opinion  Spoilers, it's actually super fun!!!
Thumbs up this comment if you want a crossover between Pitch Meeting Ryan George and Jeremy Jahns movie review!
Pretty sure they ripped off the plot from Spaceballs.
The MCU ended with Endgame for me. They wrapped up what they had been building towards for years with endgame and that wrapped up my interest in the franchise. I have not watched any post-endgame MCU movies and from the looks of the reviews I am not missing anything.
First off I'm not a Brie Larson hater or one of those right wingers who just trash a movie because of the beliefs of the people in the movie. But this movie was bad. Thor the Dark World level bad. I liked the first Captain Marvel movie well enough. It wasn't one of my favorites but it was pretty decent; I have it ranked in the mid to late teens out of the 34 or 35 MCU movies (how many ever there are now). Not the best but not the garbage that some say it is either. And there are a few good things here too. Inman is just as adorable here as she was in Ms. Marvel. Larson and the other lady (drawing a blank on name) do a good job with what they are given. The 3 ladies have very good chemistry in my opinion and work well together. Some of the action scenes are top notch. One scene in particular is one of the best the MCU has ever put out; I'll have to think on where to rank it but I'm thinking top 10 fight scenes in the MCU. It's not just a good MCU fight but a good one in general. But man this movies was edited to death. It's like Thor Love & Thunder. You can almost tell that there might have once been a decent movie there somewhere until they left most of it on the cutting room floor. The MCU doesn't have a message problem or a continuity problem like some would say it does. It has an editing problem. Virtually ever movie they have had since Shang Chi (except No Way Home) has been way over edited. This is just destroying the stories. I'm not sure how well this would have turned out if it hadn't been over edited. The story seemed pretty weak to be honest; not sure anything could have saved it.  But I can guarantee what was filmed is better than what got released.
that bit at 3:41, now Pitch Meeting have to think new dialogue
This move is so woke, you'll either leave the "theater" a woke loser or redpilled.
That south park line 😂😂😂
I disagree. I thought it was a good time. There was definitely a plot. I think compared to the first Captain Marvel it was more fun and better paced.   Obviously it was no Winter Soldier in terms of sequels, but I wouldn’t call it Dark World level bad. It’s more like Star Trek Beyond, it moves, it’s got laughs, and I think it’ll be liked by general audiences.   Spoilers————-   The “baddies doing baddy things”. Cap Marvel literally destroyed the villains planets means of survival and the whole point of her going to those “side quest” planets was to get back at Captain Marvel. It was explored well in the film, but it also wasn’t nothing. They def portrayed her as kind of a jerk so you wouldn’t root for her.   The singing bit reminded me of the musical episode of Buffy, I got a kick out of it.   The Flergan bit would not have worked in any other movie, I thought it was funny and creative. I still don’t totally understand why they had to evacuate the space station. But it gave me that Deus ex Catina vibe.   the mid-credits scene was amazing.
Imagine having modern technology and a huge budget and this is the trash you produce.  Film making peaked decades ago...
It's sad to see Jeremy getting mad
Theres no such thing as AI, modern writers really are that bad.
I think Marvel has reached its shelf life. Every movie francise hits the wall eventually.
I actually really liked the movie Jeremy. The singing planet scene was played for laughs because they're making fun of it and Carol, and the cat scene is hilarious and plays like a horror movie scene. Nick fury is funny the whole movie and the action is surprisingly good. Also the end credit scenes are GREAT! We've needed one of them for a long time and the other is setting up a really cool future encounter. Tried to be as vague as possible to not spoil anything. The movie overall felt like Phase 2 Marvel again and I think that's what the MCU needs right now. Everything doesn't have to try to top Endgame. My only complaint is that they should have introduced Abigail Brand in this movie. Other than that it's an 8.5/10!
Yikes - guess you've found your audience. Good luck.
Hey Jeremy, been subscribed for a few years, and mostly we vibe, ( as in I watch a movie then watch your review and it's usually pretty cool that we have similar thoughts),, I have to disagree with your thoughts on the marvels, sure a little weak here and there. That being said, I smiled, chuckled and felt good by the end, that for me is a successful movie. I got what I paid for.   Ms. Marvel was perfect with her family, they transitioned from TV to Movie perfectly.
Mid credit scene was not useless AT ALL, Jeremy!! But ua, the whole movie felt like a Disney Plus film. And hes right about Ms Marvel, she was great and kept the movie fun, very much loke America Chavez did in Dr Strange Multiverse of Madness. Overall C-. Very boring villain, almost wannabe Thanos scenes where they need to remove her bracelet thing. The crying feminine scenes were cringe.
The two things Jeremy’s referencing completely dovetailed. The plot should’ve been in something else. This movie was not good.
I found the original "Avengers" to be overwhelming and generic action by the end; pretty much checked out of Marvel after that. Still I've seen a few of them along the way. Here's the review you didn't ask for from an overall non-fan: Captain America 1 and 2 were good. Iron Man was good. Black Panther was pretty good. Guardians of the Galaxy 1 was fun, but 2 lost me. Dr. Strange, nope. Thor 1, fine, Thor 3 had some weirdly nihilistic subtext (I thought) so nope. Ant-Man, meh. Hulk, meh. Iron Man 3 meh.  Don't think I saw anything else.  The hero's journey formula, when hewed to too closely, just gets boring after a while, in spite of my love for it and belief that it is a fairly fundamental story structure.  I never had any background with the original comics.
Glad I didn’t buy tickets, im sad about it but this is my first thru day night release I havnt been to and bought tickets for as soon as they went on sale, since civil war… civil war was my first opening night ever, and I got addicted to marvel opening nights… I can’t believe they have brought they mcu so far down this path that even I, an “ex” hardcore mcu fan, doesn’t want to see the movie at all. I feel they need to take a hit and not have dummy’s like me just buy tickets to whatever, whenever they go on sale.. not anymore they aren’t fooling me to lay money to see them shit on my favorite characters
My dude, AI would make the MCU great again!
Yeah the villain sucks Marvel you got tons of villains pick one. 😅
I actually enjoyed it. A lot. Look, I recognize the DC Snyderverse and Nolan world of Batman are considered top tier superhero filmmaking, but all they did, for me, was make me want Prozac. I came out of those films DEPRESSED. I think superhero movies should make audiences feel - SUPER! Did I feel the movie should have gone in deeper with the aspects of loss and the decisions characters make to keep their distance? Absolutely. There was a lot of amazing quiet moments that were missed here. Carol’s isolation and guilt - Monica’s lack of family - and then Kamala having everything both those women desired - family & optimism. But I did appreciate the breakneck speed to thrill us with action. Unlike WW84, which was devoid of any good action sequences, this film had an ample amount of cool action. But hey, that’s just me! I liked it better than the last Thor and Antman & Wasp, and I didn’t hate them.
Biggest swing and miss of jahns career. Holy fuck. I wish this man would just come out and say he hates marvel and stop watching marvel movies. He’s turned into rage baiting marvel haters of Tik Tok. This is getting absurd sad. The movie is an 8/10
Yeah, I was hopeful for this movie but it's definitely in the bottom 5 of all marvel movies. I felt like I was watching the movie in 1.25 speed or something. Things just happen with no real setup or explanation. The action was bad. The editing was bad. I still feel like I don't know Carol after seeing her in 3 movies. Monica's beef with Carol makes as little sense as Gravik's beef with Fury in Secret Invasion. It just doesn't work. But yeah, this is Thor 4 territory. Very disappointing.
The movie wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be. Mostly because I really love Kamala and she kept me engaged and laughing throughout the entire movie. It was a mess otherwise. The whole movie was better than The Flash at least. Uggggh
Bad writing, bad directing, but I blame the producer the most for green lighting this film. DOA.
"Trying to recapture Taika Watiti's Love and Thunder" and "Worse Ronin" damn, absolutely savage. Ronin was never even that good of a villain to begin with
I really loved the trailer and I love Ms Marvel, but I was fully prepared for the film itself to be absolute trash, so I didn't buy tickets. I won't be buying tickets. Really appreciate the review as usual!
Mainstream critics love it. No white men in any major role gives it an additional 2 stars.
Just saw it, and I had a ton of fun with it. No alcohol required.
When Jeremy gives a scathing review to a movie then you know it’s bad.
Always had ZERO plans to see it, yours and other reviews are literally more entertaining. Heard about the MID credit scene too, likely the best part. The villain looks AWFUL, along with the same awful characters. Feel bad for Sam. L, he looked like he didn't want anything to do with this mess
Movie was fine . Made me laugh, I thought plot made sense. Home run ? No. Woke? No. Maybe Jeremy understands he needs to placate to his audience. Which I think is more and more basement dwellers
Make it gay and lame!
Jeremy is my go-to before watching any movie 🔥
Terrible movie, just saw it. When the best part of the movie is the post credit scene you know it sucks.
Did you watch the movie or just read the reviews?
I just say the Marvels, I understand your point of view on it. In my opinion: It's better than Quantumania. The musical planet did freak me out just a little bit, but who knew Captain Marvel could sing. I've got a soft spot for kittens, and you know what, the film needs a clear plot. The mid credits scene, it just brought some more questions about the future of the MCU. What next in 2026-27? A big film were every hero from every Marvel film and TV show in existence do an epic team up? Interesting, but I don't think that's what the fans want to see. I miss the classic Avengers, half of them are gone. I think it might be to late to bring them back now.
I have to give respect for that John C McGinley /Office Space impression, The Bob's were impressed.
That Marvel Avengers game that was closed down is bettet than all these movies after endgame
Just finished watching the movie... better than Thor Love and Thunder, Quantunmania, Black Widow, Externals..... its right on par with Ragnarok and Shang Chi and Guardians 3
We all know why Monica Ranbo is there.
I'm just glad that the movie is out so people can finally stop talking about it 😮‍💨
No, the Marvels was not written by A.I., it was written by women and their simpletons!
We went in to hate it. We all know that let's call it like it is and say WE DONT WANT ANY MORE SUPER HERO MOVIES.  It's been like 20 years GTFOH. It's milking a cow that doesn't want to be milked. This is when the Writers/Pioneers  are needed the most.
I really enjoyed the movie,  the second mid credit scene is a must watch!!!!!
Feeling brave? No kudos.
Hey is this movie worth going to a movie and seeing it for 5 dollars
I honestly feel like streaming services is what ruined Hollywood. Because think about it. If the majority of material that Disney puts out weather its released in theatres or not goes to disney plus then part of the money thar Disney gets from that subscription would go towards the movie regardless if anyone watches it. Back in the day. If a movie was terrible it would not do well in theatres it also would not do well on physical media sales or pay per view. So I think what I am trying to say is because if the streaming subscriptions its made studios lazy.
Hearing the villain's name reminds me of GOT, Bronn insulting other people, "Ser Terryn Mant, and Ser Who the Fu Cares"
Who in the hell paid to watch this universal trash 💯🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
Jeremy, I would love to see a spoiler video of you just tearing this shit to shreds!
*we need more diversity and inclusion*
I down vote every video I see about “marvel’s collapse” these YouTubers have created this cycle of every major franchise. They pump it up, they start complaining, then they start destroying it, they predict the collapse, and then they celebrate the comeback. It’s so predictable and dumb. Just watch the movies, tv, read the comics, play the game, enjoy your nerd stuff without the commentary of money sucking pseudo journalists ruining it everyone.   You want evidence of the cycle, look at Walking Dead, Lost, Star Wars, Star Trek, or any other series people pay attention to
the freakin- "BRILLIANT!!!!" in the background during that PR
I'm surprised this movie didn't get a "dogshit" rating. Jeremy being generous 😂  In all seriousness i agree 100% with everything he said
Look at your face, you're not even a very good actor but it's clear at least that you're putting on an act. EVERYTHING you say is geared towards folks who have not seen the film. NOTHING you say matches up to the reality of the movie I just saw. You sir are a complete sellout...
wait did people think this was going to be good? LOL Nia DaCosta's last movie was Candyman, that movie was PRETENCIOUS
Next time we need an all straigth white cis gender male cast for the Marvels !
This is the epitome of woke Disney. So disappointing what they did with the MCU. The people don’t want this!
Post Endgame DLC 😭😭😭
I liked the cat scene but I would rather watch the horror movie digimon 02
even jeremy was tired at the end of watching this shit lol that woof was tyrone magnus saying watching that movie was a chore to get through
Gave up on mcu after thor, love n thunder. They reduced thor to Leslie Nielsen
Not once did you say anything about Brie Larson
Preach!! 💯🔥💯
This was on par with green lantern .. even the "sun" shit reminded me of it lol
Just more pc crapola
Disney killed the Star Wars franchise and is now working overtime to kill the MCU.
I'm done with the MCU.  Haven't watched this movie, won't watch it, who cares any more...bored.
It was so fucking cringe to see them try to recruit an all girl avengers fucks sake  As an xmen fan, i will wholeheartedly say the end credits alone was better than the entire movie
You have my sympathy having lost 90 minutes of your life watching a glorified cat video.
10/10 would not watch this - rather spend that money on a Good Hamburger meal
I was planning to see it but I think I shall pass. Thanks for the honesty ❤
Ms Marvel deserves better.
They swap when they use their powers at the same time.
The MCU taking a break would maybe have worked a few years back. It's to late now.  People are already on the edge of apathy towards it and if it went away completely for a while that apathy would not just set in but also take root.  At this rate it's destined to die a slow and painful death because there is no talent in the writer's room anymore and it's impossible to maintain something like this without talent.
Jeremy, I love you, man. I've been following you since the beginning. As much as I love you ripping on movies, I respectfully disagree with  your take on the movie. I agree it was generic and had an inconsistent tone. Nevertheless, i enjoyed this film a lot more than I thought I would. To each their own. Keep up the content man you are the best.
This movie was surprisingly good - in spite of the usual incels throwing shade at Brie Larson and the Captain Marvel franchise. Marvel has figured out pace and these movies don't need to be over two hours long. The mid credit scene alone was worth it.
Lool
Is not lile Ronan The Accuser was a great villain to beging with...
I loved this film !!
i loved it comedy action team up, Better than BLUE BEETLE by far
Whatever dude....The Marvels was good...I just saw it....and the theater that i was at full of people on a freakin Thursday seemed to enjoy it too
For a moment, I thought it was going to be hard to decide what my least favorite MCU movie was. Then I remembered that The Eternals exists and it became a no-brainer. Two hours and forty five minutes of pure boredom with absolutely nothing that entertained me even ironically. My least favorite MCU show is She Hulk because that basically reveled in how nonsensical its plot was and it managed to be something worse than boring/forgettable and that is obnoxiously unfunny attempts at comedy. My least favorite MCU villain is a bit harder because there have been so many forgettable ones. Maybe Dreykov from Black widow because of the horrendous accent. I dunno.
go away for a year and a half. come back with xmen.... forget all this. it's run its course. at this point, james gunn is way ahead just by being quiet and working on his dc universe
Go Iman! I hope they see that she was a standout despite potentially low ticket sales. I had hopes for Monica but I knew they would waste her.
What the f is wrong with you people? This movie was fucking awesome. Why are there so many got damn hate videos on this movie right now? Who is orchestrating all of you to make these hate videos?
Gotta be honest, I enjoyed it more than GotG 3!
More woke nonsense
That "singing thing" is not recapturing Taika Waititi as much as it is stealing an idea from Monty Python that is 50 years old so they thought no one would notice!
I just saw the movie with my mom, and we found it alright with some funny moments and some cringe moments (could do without the aliens that communicate by singing for example) but it was utterly forgettable.  Needless to say, Marvel needs to their movies to be more than 'alright' at this point and need to hit a few home runs.  At this point, that seems to be as high as they can go with their films/shows and that's just not going to fly for a lot of people.  Marvel needs to change things up at the higher levels in my opinion (much like how Kathleen Kennedy needs to be fired from Lucas Arts/Star Wars).
It's wild how things went from MCU films being events to just being the latest thing on the conveyor belt. It's exactly the same as Disney's approach to Star Wars, just keep churning out content.
3:21 Duuude… 🤣😂🤣
It would be good if AI actually created the script
“Post End Game DLC…”  Exactly….
I feel like Kathleen Kennedy was involved in the Dar Ben decision - "make her a woman. make her lame and gay."
I really want a spoiler video because I'm probably not going to watch it anytime soon also it's just entertaining to hear you explain these movies and it flaws.
I knew this movie was going to suck.
First star wars now mcu
I’m almost convinced he didn’t watch that movie lol. He said he didn’t know what the villain’s motives were and it was pretty clear. He also said they never explained why sometimes they switched when using powers and sometimes they didn’t. They explained that as well. This movie isn’t anywhere NEAR the train wreck this review would have you believe.
Marvel singing planet
This female dynamic is just trash at this point
I am unsurprised this movie takes the swapping premise and does nothing with it, especially not explain it. Because I don't even know why it would be those three, they have no real connection to each other, especially not their powers. One got theirs from the tesseract's juice exploding, one from...walking through magic and the other has a magic bangle.
I've always thought after End Game, they should have taken a break. It was so well done, a great high note to end that chapter. Have it breathe for a while. Now it feels so forced and over done. Never thought I'd be sick of Marvel, but here we are. (Except Spider-Man NWH, but thats technically Sony...)
The movies isnt as bad as Jeremy is making it seem. Its MUCH better than thor 4, that was seriously horrible
So this movie "put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!"
that was just pure shit the whole movie was shit
I don't think it was ever clear what they were fighting for, including the very end scene where they were still trying to negotiate a peaceful resolution.  If a bad guy isn't really bad how can you root for their defeat?  The movie was worth what I paid which was only my time. (HDTS)
Please review some Jason statham movies. Like the transporter. this one looks like another success.
CAN WE PLEASE HAVE A SUPERHERO MOVIE WITHOUT CRYING AND GIRLY EMOTIONAL STUFF?  i WANT A BRO MOVIE WITH GUYS THAT KICK ASS DON'T APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING.  yeah, it was an accurate review of the villain, and they were still trying to negotiate peace with her until the end.  Who is she and what is she trying to do.   The movie wasn't good at holding my attention, had to rewind a few times.
phase sucks. lets all pretend all the crap movies are in a dif universe. :D
If he and Dan Murrell say this is a piece of s*** then it is
That's quite a different take to what I've heard other reviews have said. I was curious to see this one but I think the last movie I was motivated to see in the cinema was Dune.
Does Monica not have a codename?
The MCU needs a break for sure. I just watched The Marvels and it was Meh for me. But I will say it's waaaaay better than Thor 4 and Ant-man 3.
Marvel is now a nightmare to me
I am so glad Jeremy gets it. I was worried for a little bit there because he seemed to be liking bad movies. But now he’s back, AND HONEST! Thanks Jeremy 👏👏👏👏
I don’t think they need a break. I think they kinda did that with Covid… they need direction, a plan and quality
I thought it was decent, if you don’t overthink it.
Swapping super powers isn't new to Marvel, fan4tastic.
Why can’t they find good writers and good directors? Also why they keep giving us uninteresting characters?
4:38 SECRET INVASION should have been the set-up series for this movie.
Put a chick in it and make her gay. 😂
3:30 The irony is that there is already a female Ronan called Hala the Accuser and yet they decided to race swamp a male guy who only appeared in 2 issues
Never seen jeremy so upset on a movie review
You can see dislikes?
You can't polish a elephant turd!!
That skit was hilarious.  I have no care for the MCU (anymore), I just like watching it fall apart.
This must be your best video and thats a huge achievement
People are complaining about the MCU how dry and stale it's getting but where do you go after end game that set the standards one of the greatest movies of time
Sorry think the movie was so stupid that it was good, forget the plot and must have fun.
Tell em Jezza!
"Put a chick in it and make it lame and gay."
It does explain why they don't always swap. Two of them have to be using their power at the same time. If only one is using their power they won't swap
Ms Marvel was actually not a bad show, thanks to Iman Vellani's infectious energy. It wasn't exactly GOOD, but her performance really carried the show. No surprise she was the highlight in this movie.
When are you doing the Loki s2 review 🤔
MCU Seems to be out of ideas, not that it ever had originality, but when you have decades upon decades of source material to use, how do you lack content that hasn’t already been critiqued by people? They won’t take a break, so forget that but craft memorable stories with characters, people are vested in. I don’t give a shit about these three.
Thor 2. Maleketh
to be honest, i real enjoyed the movie
My friend works at a theater and sent me a picture of opening night for this movie. COMPLETELY empty. MCU needs to go on a break for sure. Agreed. People are tired and the films are lazy
Jeremy just John Wick-ed this movie.
3:03 - 3:48 WOW that’s impressive 😮😮
1) Brie looks amazing as always. She is hot as hell. IMO... 2)  The cat scene was dumb aF.  And the Brain Eggs??? Really, WTF????    3) The singing planet was also Dumb AF.   4) The villain was poor AF.   4) This should have been on Disney + and not in the theatre.      Iman Vellani is a great actor and I do enjoy her as Ms. Marvel..... Finally... The continuity was absent and was glaringly apparent.
Why does monika rambo look about as old as Captain Marvel? it makes her whole character look idiotic. Holy shit I just googled it... She is even a bit older, what the F
all I want to know: Is it bad enough to be funny again?
This movie was absolutely dumb af I'm glad I watched it online for free
I'm only liking this video, because I like Jeremy. The Marvels was rubbish like most of the Marvel content post Endgame. Marvel went full woke, and replaced greatly written make characters, with poorly written female characters. No beef with well written female characters, all the beef for tearing down one to build up the other, and then build up the other, terribly. Which this movie does. Keep emasculating Fury, keep telling us how much we should care about these characters who are completely unlikeable. Unreal. Marvel is done. Who's the Villain again? And what was insisting incident and plot? Or goal? Or resolution? LOL TRASH!
I only got interested in the movie because of the cameos. My gf is way more invested in Marvel and if not for Loki and Ms. Marvel I would call post-Endgame kind of a wash.
Marvel is in a creative rut. They lost the story running right now and need to get back to the basic. Stop making these Disney shows and just do movies.
I hope they are putting their best ideas in Xmen. These current Marvel movies are just fillers for when Xmen comes and same level as post endgame.
3:30 😂😂😂
The Marvels is proof CEOs need to stay out of the writers room
It can’t beat the eternals for worst mcu movie
you cannot get any more WOKE than this stupid movie, three women of different races, wow, now I feel safe. What a crock of shit.
The MCU ended at Endgame.
What is Monica Rambo doing in this movie? she's the diversity
3 or 4 times in this 'movie' I said 'I don't know what the f*cks going on...whats happening'  Also it's waaay too long~!
Chris Struckmann is going to love this movie.
“Put a chick in it and make her gay !….. and lame “
I’m gonna guess…the main characters are in no real danger, don’t get killed, but they stop the baddy at the end. Then there’s a scene after the credits that supposed to be juicy.   So, they’ve basically just rehashed the same exact storyline over and over.   Why would anyone pay to see this or even pirate it? You already know the outcome.
I vote for iman vellani to take Kevin feige place and fire kevin
You saying they should take years off. Really shows you dont recognise the core issue or are chosing to ignore it..
Okay, real talk. Maybe besides the Spider-Man films, the MCU should’ve gone on vacation for, I don’t know, four or five years. Save everything up, plan ahead, and more. Give everyone a break to recharge from the hype of endgame.
you should definitely see Miss Marvel.  the show was a delight.
All you need to know about dollar store ronan is that the actress is dating loki actor.
2:30 Dr. Cox?
I definitely want an x rated version of this with the actual demolition man headsets... If you know you know
This is Disney not realizing that changing a foundation character would come back to bite them. Ronan was an accusser ( judge ) and they didn't show how they work in the Kree society
Marvel doesn’t need to take a break, they need to fire every single writer, exec, and producer and start over.
❤ I’m so happy people are finally seeing how amazing Ms Marvel Kamala is  The movie terrible also not surprised   But Kamala is amazing, and her story is written with real heart
Fight against that Skynet Jeremy!
This movie was crap, wait for it on streaming or Redbox!
This movie is a mess and has it's flaws, but overall the movie was funny. The ending and the post credit scene was worth the mess for me.
My fav mcu villain is Rachel Ziegler when she says … weird , weird !!
It’s like that one scene from the show “power” where ghost has to explain that opening his nightclub for two other nights during the week would cause too much exposure….Disney+ was like opening your nightclub for 2 more nights a week lol
M-SHE-U baby! Can you feel it?! Woooo! Marvel just driving itself into the ground, past the Earth’s crust and just keeps on going. Ain’t no brakes on this train bay bay!
Not sure im with u yet. Last few movies we havent been on the same page...
south bpark how wrong can u get it. LOL🤣
I am a HUGE proponent of "quality over quantity" and the moment you try to reverse that, the quality goes down. When Disney announced all these MCU Tv shows vs actual movies, I knew the quality of the content was going to suffer. Now it is catching up to them.
After Multiverse of Madness and No Way Home? I've too kinda dropped off of MCU stuff, only seen two Disney+ series, WandaVision as well as Falcon and Winter Soldier. And didn't care to see anything else now. Yeah, the MCU needs a break, needs to rest and not become a milking machine. We're tired and want QUALITY over quantity. Glad at least from what I've heard, they're already considering to do that. Hopefully they stick by it and not be chicken shits.
This review should have been a crossover. And you know what im talking about.
I liked it. At you are ultra-annoying. How did you get one million subscribers?
Come onnn the movie can't be this bad I believe the negative reviews is to stir people away for their own agenda! Watch it yourself and watch to enjoy
Written by AI, Activists Intelligence
Was funny how Captain Marvel did something at the end that she could have done for years that would have prevented the conflict.  Thought Kamala Kahn is clunky and chubby, not endearing.  I was shocked, Captain Marvel looked cute and wasn't woke, just brash in context.
10/10 DuckTales analogy
I'm actually excited to see it! I want to see it fail and burn so we can stop getting sub par panderverse garbage 👍
I hate the manufacturered connection between Monica and Carol. This did not exist in the comics. And it's an absolute shame they are sideling her as a unimportant side kick. It's ridiculous.
The current MCU equals crap. It makes me sick. Disney is ruining Marvel.
I think we are just getting old man. Our generation has movies that we cant wait to introduce to our kids. Flip side... Our kids gen have movies they barely pay attention to while watching and will never watch again. They WILL be excited to show THEIR kids the movies we introduced them to.
Quota hires and wokeness is killing the MCU. Put a chick in it ,  make her gay and lame does not work .
We don't have a couple of years Secret Wars comes out in 2027. You still have to introduce the X-Men the Fantastic Four and Doctor Doom as there can be no secret Wars without Doom.
You know exactly who writes these pieces of crap so why not start calling them out Jeremy???
Genuine "Reviewers" are people who occasionally ask you NOT to watch a movie or series, or not to buy a particular product bcoz it's bad.  If you just talk about good and bad products the same way you're an advertiser not a reviewer...  In a world full of advertisers masquerading as reviewers, thank you for being a reviewer....
Also reminder, Ronins hammer got destroyed
That intro 🤣
MCU should’ve taken a break after Endgame. They told the story they wanted to tell, they pulled it off great. They should’ve stopped there. Now we have movies and shows that are forgettable, movies for which you have to see a show to get the full story and eventually neither deliver on their promises.
Brie Larson spoiled captain marvel 4 me
3:22 sketch was hilarious. more of that please
3:35 Put a chick in it and make it gay. And lame.
It makes me sad that Carol doesn't age.
She-Hulk said it was all written by AI. I believe what they tell me. Lol this is such shit
She was great in Ms Marvel but the second half of that show was so poorly written you started to forget it.
This movie suck Captain Marvel Powers are much weaker her power are downgraded so she does not outshine the other. The switching made no since it was completely consistent, they used their power a lot of time and nothing happed it was so random, and the villain was a third-rate discount gender swap Ronan the Accuser.  But the worst part was how dump they made Monica Rambeau I don't know when to begin with how bad she was.
It has to be stated that Disney Marvel likes to totally rehash everything. Cap. Marvel/ Cap. America - Iron Man / Monica,  Spider-man/ Kamala. Cap. Marvel knew Maria more than her daughter - CA knew Tony's father more. Both groups butt heads CM is the mentor of Kamala as she fan girls over CM. Spider-man fan boys over Iron Man as he mentors him. The total unimaginative story telling is cringe. So lazy. It worked before. Let's just do it over and over and over again. Let's beat this dead horse
PUT A CHICK IN IT! MAKE IT GAY AND LAME!?!
Just spoil it, nobody cares.
Gotta be honest, im surprised with some reviews for this movie. I think we're finally passing the "well, not everything needs to be EndGame, so it wasn't that bad" era and people are finally calling out those bad Marvel movies.
When the review is better than the movie.
from Iron man 1 till this day i can count only 3 or 4 movies that actually enjoyed
Is it worse than Catwoman?
I just watched it... So...my thought exactly after it... like the Angry Video Game Nerd said once... "It's not chocolate, nor is it poop. It's SHIT" So yeah, MCU needs a big brake. Although the post credit scene was good... kinda...
I've said it before and I'll say it again. The MCU ended with 'Endgame' 🤷 It's over, done, finished.
Discuss DuckTales more frequently, please!
She tore a hole in space creating a different reality. A reality where Dr. Anthony Fauci is arrested, water boarded, tased, pepper sprayed all while being hung upside down naked. She tore a hole in space reality. Somebody should tear Fauci a new one.
Jeremy called the mcu after endgame ”dlc” thats the quote of the year😂
If it was written by Ai, it would have been far better.
OMG, this was the worst review ever.  Lots of complaints, little clarity or detail, total reflection off experience but no basis for audience to understand.
MCU and Star wars needs a break
Marvel should give me 200 million dollars, and even I a layman, can make the best incredible hulk film ever
Honestly I'm super glad to hear this movie is under 2 hours. Every movie it seems like is 2 plus hours now.
My least favorite marvel film is every film post endgame.
Ya the general consensus seems to be:  It is a film... ya it is a film
❤️❤️ Hey Jeremy!! ❤️❤️ Any chance you could work your insight magic on Panderverse?  I didn’t laugh once the whole episode  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Never imagined that asking Marvel to keep continuity in between their projects was asking for too much 😢  Also, I’ve learned over phases 4/5 that if a villain is barely shown in the ad campaign, or it’s the same scenes always being shown, then the villain is not good. And this movie just proves that again
yeesh...this is mcu huh.
There was another marvel movie?
STICK A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY
You nailed it with this review!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yep that sounds about right! It wasn’t horribly bad it just did not have that movie feel to it. This was like watching a long episode of the Ms Marvel show which is not a good show, I had a few laughs but the movie felt like a bad filler tv show episode nothing like the first one.  They also made Nick feel like the comic relief and they focus too much on Kamala’s family which had nothing todo with the plot (if any) and the cats were super stupid, plus they never explained why they needed to evacuate the station, a hot mess there. End credit was satisfactory other than that watch at home not worth paying for this movie.
I wondered who went to watch the Marvels and I just learnt it was you Jeremy
subscribed! took me long enough. Do you think Disney/Marvel watches this? b/c this is really good advice.
Jeremy has really good hair.
I hate to hear this. I like these characters a lot it’s just the writing is lacking severely but hopefully after the strike we’ll get better results. I also rly want Brie Larson to succeed because of all the hate she’s getting but the folks behind the scenes are failing. The other thing I’ve been seeing a lot is all these morons who only wanna criticize this movie because it’s “woke” which is just a dumb and lazy critique. Like Thor, Thor 2, iron man 3, all duds. Idk I just hate the current state of comics where there’s a large group who wanna criticize material because they think there’s too many characters who aren’t white men and aren’t straight. I wanna focus on the writing and direction not the shit that’s rooted in hatred. I always appreciate Jeremy for giving us awesome reviews and not succumbing to nonsense.
the first Captain Marvel movie was easily my least favorite MCU movie but now we have that bar set even lower with a sequel to it? yikes Marvel.
had been a great movie if Danvers and Rambeu where two racists hating each other during whole movie until an inevitable team up to defeat the villain.
Marvel needs to rehire Isaac Prelmutter and fire Kevin Feige instead.
This movie sucks and I'm only at the dancing scene. I think id rather watch the flash and that was badly bad... just put a chick in it and make it lame and gay. Nailed it!
Your video is like my consciousness in a video done by another person - truly amazing - thank you for confirming I’m not the only 1 who thinks the MCU is complete shit
Eternals. So glad I did not pay for a ticket on that dogshit. Sounds like I don't have to for this to.
i hope disney and MCU just flop like there is no tomorrow
The cross over we ACTUALLY NEED: a cross over between Jeremy and the Pitch Meeting guy!!
I was already planning on not seeing this film (cats in the trailer? Seriously?) based on its freaky Friday premise but now I’m even going to ignore it when perusing through the free films on my next flight ✈️.   Cannot wait for Marvel/Disney collective pulls their head out of their 🫏 and gets back to making watchable films.
The Marvels is what happens when you bank the future of the MCU on Brie Larson then realize nobody likes her and that she can't carry a Captain Marvel 2 on her own.
Thank you Jeremy for saying what I was telling my sister. The MCU needs to take a fucking break.
Not every hero needs a movie
Disney really doesn’t care about its audience anymore. It is nothing new at this point.. but it’s still a shock. I just do not understand how anyone thought this was something the fans wanted to see  Feels more like something they want the fans to see.
LoL. Marvel is so boring now. And I really like the MCU. However, I find myself way more interest in the Miles Morales Spiderverse movies these days. I feel like live action Marvel sucks now!
They are going to have a female Thanos😂😅😅😅.
Put a chick in it   Make her lame
I had no idea they were still making these movies. People still watch Marvel movies?
Don’t know what you’re talking bout, but the marvels was the best film Marvel has released since endgame 😱
I didn't mind when they started releasing shows. Some of those were fine, some were even good. I mind that they are now required viewing to understand the plot of the movies, AND EVEN THEN the plot just sucks or doesn't even exist. Last good movie we had was Guardians Of The Galaxy and that's it
Dagnabit, I was just hoping for a fun movie but this sounds like a mess. Ugh, all the money and talent in the world at their disposal and Disney just can’t help but shit the bed.
“I didn’t bother watching a show that is all about one of these main characters but you should definitely take me word for it about how this movie is”. Dude you lost credibility for giving a review in them first 10 seconds. Talk about click bait and just making a video to get views. Sad.
The End Credit scene is worth the price of the movie.  Just saying.
Ai really is a thing making its way everywhere.  I've been getting into voice-over narration on acx and so many books are ai written on there.
Captain Marvel. Hate her. And the actress
Jeremy sporting that Alan Wake look
Female led movie with a female villain with characters literally nobody cared or asked for ya this was doomed from the start lol
Put a chick in it. Make it Gay and Lame!
Captain Barbie ….never thought an MCU movie would make me fry my brain
Thing is the MCU took a break in 2020 (granted an unintentional one), so when WandaVision came out it got a lot of attention. Problem is they followed up with so much content in 2021 & 2022 that's hard to keep up with & the quality is usually more miss than hit.
Watching just to see how uncomfortable you are trying not to be mean.
I felt this was going to be bad from the get go for so many reasons and on so many levels, i dont even know or think ill go see this one xD. I think still my least favorite mcu movie is incredible hulk or Eternal, least favorite mcu villain might just still be Aldrich Killian
How they didn’t start Phase 4 with the fantastic 4 and X men will never make sense
I HAD TO SEE YOUR REVIEW. New Rockstar's be protecting there interest. Love how you stick to the truth.
Yes, ChatGPT is definitely writing their scripts.
I like how you did a Southpark reference through Chandler Bing!  Genius!!!
it was just a movie to stuff all three characters without giving them there own movie to setup a Disney plus show Disney loves there Female heroes so let's put all female characters in a movie the Disney way
I've been a comic book nerd since the 80's, so it's pretty sad to see how quickly the marvel movies went from being some of the best and most profitable movies in Hollywood history to becoming some of the most bland and mundane in the span of 4 short years. Marvel, just stop it already. Go home, you're drunk.
I knew it would be bad based on the trailers and just characters in the movie. Never will watch it now lol
Least favorite Marvel villain? Thanos was the only that didn’t suck 😅
Disney are still milking a dead cash cow? Shocking.
Iman Vellani is the only reason im watching this movie and it’s good to hear she’s at least the one good thing in this movie.
Every time i hear you pronounce 'vague' it triggers my flight or fight
Ward
Calling everything post Endgame a DLC is an absolutely perfect metaphor for it.
Ms. Marvel cringe.
I foresee a rant compilation with this one…
please watch the series 'From'
I like how people complain and whine like a Karen and a breathe hot air, only to continue watching every single marvel release like a clown🤣 If it’s DLC at least it’s Witcher/cyberpunk DLC And will make more money than black Adam and blue beetle  I wish I was an algorithm wierdo like y’all, so I could watch every single Harry Potter movie even though I hate the franchise?¿…..
I was rooting for a good movie for Brie after seeing her person side on her YouTube but I guess not.
Jeremy doing a Pitch Meeting was super easy barely an inconvenience
I honestly would've wanted to watch it if it just about Ms Marvel Kamala Khan.
It all went down with thor love and thunder.  That movie was paid fully bad.  Eternals had a confusing and boring story. The ant man also had a silly story.  It's the story that makes or breaks a movie.  Bring back ironman and thanos.
😂😂😂 as expected... It's 2023 fools ;)
At least two had to use their powers at the same time to swap. That was clearly laid out.
Always come here for movie reviews. Thanks Jahns.
In regards to Ms. Marvel, it's almost like people enjoy heroes that are happy to be heroes.  Dar-Benn had TWO appearances in the comics. That's it. That's who they chose to be the villain...  Off topic: I'm digging the new Frasier series,  wink wink nudge nudge
The South Park plug was genius lmao  I was thinking that during the skit and then you finished it off with a reference Friggin gold  PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY!!! 🤣
Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame
They should have put a bow on the whole thing after End Game and started something COMPLETELY different 3 years later. Remember when we had to wait 3 or 4 years between Star Wars films and we didn't die and we didn't lose interest? Disney is fully onboard with the quantity over quality business model.
The mcu just need give the characters we care about shows and movies....like gambit could be a  john wick movie with powers...i dunno
Bring back Tony and Cap. Save the MCU.
This movie is about the message, dude. It's not about what you want, pal. It's not about want you like, fam. It's not about what you need, buddy. It's about what you don't know you need to want to like, honey.
I hated Endgame so the MCU has been a serious let down for me for some time! It makes me so sad to go from being one of the first people to stay through the credits in Iron Man, me and my father always stayed to the end, to being someone who is like - I might watch one day. My least favorite MCU movie is Endgame, my least favorite villain is Hawkeye in Endgame, bro wasn't a hero anymore! Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. remains my favorite part of the MCU!
I’m honestly Marveled out. 10 years was enough. I probably won’t give a shit till more moon knight or till they bust out Nova.
Now, is it better than the first?
Its not written by AI. Stop presenting fake news. Or are you just a Maga fan.
I’m confused, is it Ronan’s hammer or not? Because wasn’t it destroyed in Guardians 1? I get the impression that it is his hammer.
Plot: jam it in the multiverse so we can get that IP money Mechanics: multiverse means nothing matters so f**k pacing or character development
You do an amazing Doctor Cox impression! Who knew Jez!
Put a chick in it and make her gay
That "Pro woman power " bullshit
Jeremy breakdown of movies and priceless--especially how he Compares it the video games and it's like: I want to say I don't know what you're talking about; but I know EXACTLY what you're talking about😂
The 'pitch meeting' part you did just reminded me that the worse a movie gets, the better the 'Pitch Meetings' are. So at least I have that to look forward to :)
After watching quantumaina thats when i stopped caring and i gave up on this whole phase 4-5 bs and i hear they are trying to bring make most of the old actors in a poor attempt to save themselves from drowning but in my opinion its to late
The tides have finally turned.  The strategy of Disney gaslighting any criticism as racist no longer works.
RiP NICK FROST
Epic! This review. Not the movie ^^
✋😐 "Woof..."
This movie is trash
@3:30 why he didn't just say "put a chick in it  and make it gay!" I'll never know
As I just watched the movie, all I can say is that it's FUN. That's all. It's not good in most ways. I like the cats though, I love the part where there were tons of cats eating people.
I must admit Spider-Man and Guardians of the Galaxy have been the only triumphs since Endgame movie wise
More woke disney shit.
The John C McGinley line at 2:29 made me laugh outloud.. pretty awesome impersonation actually !!!
I DO NOT HAVE SUPERHERO FATIGUE. I'm not saying you said that I just wanted to say the following… Superheros have been popular for nearly 100 years. When it's done well it is brilliant,  but you have to suspend you imagination. I am fed up with being told politics in films.   Have a strong female character but dont girl boss her. Build it up like the classic hero story arch. Ripley, all the women in The Lord of the Rings, Shara Conor etc.    I believe the core audience for superhero movies is men, and I don’t mind to be pannderrd too. As a man and a fan I recognise women have movies for women that are sometimes enjoyed by men ( I like Barbie for example) . Some movies are made for everyone like Zoolander.   For men, blade and of course, there’s an exception to the rule, and I’m not saying men shouldn’t watch women’s movies and women shouldn’t watch men’s movies. When I go to see a movie, I want to be taken out of real world problems and entertained. Not preached to like I’m a five-year-old and  be berated because I am a middle-aged male who doesn’t happen to be gay.  Stop telling me I am the problem I am the one paying for you actors and writers to have work.  Thank you.
Put a chick in it, make her gay and lame
I stopped watching Marvel after the endgame everything after that you seen what they did with Black Panther two this one is no different. They’re making it all about the women and truthfully, it sucks.
Oh no...who could have seen this coming except for every last of the maybe 200 Shills marvel has left.
I guess I’m just glad it sucks
I think it's pretty obvious at this point that Jeremy Jahns has been withholding his disgust for the lazy, derivative, "strong" female characters the MCU has been pumping out. for a long time.  But the magic of South park is that despite it's satire, it actually opens room for conversation. Because of South Park, Jeremy now has courage to speak his mind wihtouth being cancelled. South park really broke the ice on this one, and now the avalanche is coming.
Love your hatred and bloated outrage.   Thank you!
YouTube forced me to watch the trailer. The 5 second countdown bugged out and froze on me. Worst 30 seconds of my life
This is what I was afraid of of walking out of endgame. They definitely jumped the shark with that movie.
So sick of youtube and forcing 8 min commercials into the middle of EVERYTHING,  or 16 commercials in a 30 min video, all so they can try and force you to buy the premium, ntm their active battle to make your ad blockers obsolete on their platform.  Youtube executives are bias, free speech hating scumbags.
This is the culmination of diversity in movies. All female leads. Made the bad guy a woman and the movie was written by a woman. These movies aren’t for women, they are for men that drag their girls to these movies. Characters nobody gives af about. Low tier characters that didn’t sell books prior to big screen portrayals. Couple that with an unlikable chip on her shoulder actress as one of the main characters it’s no wonder nobody is hyped to see it. It sucks!
I feel like i have to see it just to see how bland the movie is😂
Monica Rambeau was the only reason i had any interest in this movie. Thanks. I won't be wasting my time with this crap.
BLACK GIRL MAGIC!!
Please let this be the last Marvel movie for the love of God 🙏
I actually love the movie. Don't think it's horrible. But it's just my opinion.
Sounds like nickpicking to me🤷🏾‍♂️
Would of been better if there where all men
Marvel's version of Charlie's Angels 😅 the mid & end credit scenes aren't that great either, let's just say they won't change everything
Hell, even that Feminist-disguised-as-a-critic Christy Lemire dumped on it.
This is the most anticipated movie of the year...for the wrong reasons😁😁
At least we got Loki right
I'm glad Disney is failing again
A genderswapped copypasta of another villain I remember absolutely nothing about seems like new marvel indeed.
No it’s written by liberals no offense they are very one sided and want to lecture everyone…like she Hulk
Love you from India 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
You should do more skits Jermey that meeting one was hilarious.
Pretty disappointed that Jeremy didn’t give it a dogshit
Ms. Marvel it's one of the worst craps dropped by Disney in tv history. So if you saying that was the best character in the movie. It's says it all.
Can we all just expose the elephant in the room. They made an all female superhero movie just for the sake of having it all female.
I actually liked the movie. But tbh i was just happy that i was actually enjoying Captain Marvel herself unlike in her first movie or in Avengers
Modern writers are mostly untalented that come from modern educational system , its now more about the woke message. Writing and director Talent is just not a thing anymore
Marvel just stop . Don’t bring RDJ and C. Evans back either just to give them Luke Skywalker and Han Solo treatment.
IGN gave it an 8 lol
I thought the whole point of that South Park special was that both sides are insufferable
I loved the older MCU movies when they really took their time to make a movie. The stories were beautiful and woven together well. Now it's just content to fill a bottomless pit
Google Fred Armisen pics from Portlandia. Tell me the villain isn’t Fred’s doppelgänger.
Pushing out movies left and right. Feels like we been here before 😅
We need Rogue to deal with Captain Marvel. I'll watch that movie. Until then, I'm done with the MCU.
Disney had the best selling movie of all time and all they could think is “how can we make even more money?”. Greed gave us this post Endgame mess.
I think in an interview Iman did say that she felt she actually was the character. Like she was a big fan of Brie Larson and the other heroes watching them like the rest of us. And fast forward to now and she’s in the movies with them. I’m not surprised she was the best in it. She seems like a great kid. Shame she came on when things are trending downward for Disney lol.
6:43 it's not ruby rings.    It's Ruby Wings!
Not even gonna watch it. I'm so over superhero movies.
Got to wait a minute before dropping a curse word on YouTube now buddy. Be careful.
I can just see the writing room now. "put a chick in it and make it ga....wait a minute, that's not gonna work. put 4 chicks in it and make it shallow" "yaaass queen, that sounds perfect, now lets send it of to the A.I writers room to punch it up"
I assumed Kamala Khan would be the one good thing about this movie cuz from the trailers she’s the only part of it that seems to have any kind of energy.
The villian sounds like they put a chick in, and made her gay...
Bro, we all knew this shit was gonna be mid at best.
Put a chick in it and make her gay😂
Put a chick on it and make her gay
Thought Iman would've been a bit too extra and borderline cringe but she was actually the best part of this movie, she was perfect as sort of the "glue" for the Marvels!
jeremy is a youtube legend
the blonde is very hot in the movie tho i really like it.
Put a chick in it, make her gay and lame.
Watching Brie Larson in this is like watching paint dry !
Its not bad, its actually rotten to the core ! 🙄🤦🏽🤮
The planet where they sing to communicate is comic book accurate but stuff like that will satisfy comic readers and not entertain "MCU" fans
ass move dont even wathc it
Just came here after Grace's positive review lol.
Y'all better joke about this movie the same way y'all joked about the flash movie
Girl power = trash
Everyone waking up to what nerdrotics been saying for years...and all it took was a southpark episode.
Shocker. Total shocker, am I right, guys? Who could have expected this? Oh right. Everyone.
Still waiting for your bioshock infinite spoiler review ( days 528)
Why are all of you making the same comments?? "I appreciate your honesty" "thank you for giving an honest opinion" "i really respect you for being brutally honest" Where do y'all come from???
Best review ever haha!
That's how you know a movie is bad. When Jeremy declares he will do a spoiler video on said movie if he "gives two f___s enough".  With the exception of NWH and Gaurdians 3, post Endgame MCU has sucked. It's MCU paint by numbers at this point.
Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame😂
Eh everyone has their own opinion but honestly i think people are crying over small stuff either enjoy the film or shut up not eveyone believe in these conspiracy
Jeremy's low energy "punch" in the end is a perfect description of the MCU post endgame
She now has even become more powerful to jump start a sun.
Wasn’t that hammer destroyed in the first Gaurdians movie,ahhhh yes it was
The pandaverse
Was it written by a woman?  Those side quests sound like it's got that She-Hulk vibe, you know, things only a bunch of middle-aged slightly overweight women would think to be a good idea.
When a movie is so bad, you have to mansplain your review. Sorry you had to go through that Jeremy.
They're gonna label anyone that doesn't like/watch it. I know that if Jeremy doesn't like it, it's garbage.
Post Endgame has had some highlights, however Marvel imho has gone too far with the Disney + shows, adding all this "essential" content, making people pay for it and expecting them to run to the theaters to see TV show characters in films....NO. What's motivation to go to the theater to support this crap, when all I have to do is wait a couple months and stream it on Disney? C'mon Marvel, wow.
Least favorite so far is between T4 and Eternals, villain definitely belongs to everyone in the mcu except Thanos and Hella tbh maybe the vulture
I'm disappointed to hear that you didn't  watch Miss Marvel.  It was a good time.
Why did they choose someone with resting  bitch face for Capitan Marvel?   Plenty of blondes who can act.
Wasn't gonna watch it, but after this, still not gonna even bother with it. MCU is dead.
It's actually not as crap as I expected, but this is definitely not good either.
I like ms marvel
Perfectly summed up with the current state of woke Disney: “An Exercise in Complacency”.
Like Alex Jones, South Park was right. The Panderverse is real and Disney have been abusing the Pander stone for too long now, to the point that even their script AI would probably do the same thing, only more polished and human than the actual stuff the activist writing committee they have now.
South Park opened up a whole can of worms with that panderverse now everyone isn't intimidated and they're going to speak out against disney/marvel
At this point just keep spiderman connected to the mcu! As far as making new movies just recast and start a new universe
10/10 for the scrubs reference
Dlc is the perfect term
Be careful Jeremy, Kathleen Kennedy is comin' to getcha!
Using their “multiverse” mechanics, they need to bring back the original Avengers for one final send off movie, then just let this corpse rest in peace. Multiverses are lame btw
3:30 Ryan George Jeremy Jahnns pitch meeting Collab is needed
Singing planet sounds like some shit out of Breath of Fire
For me the movie was good, it's not bad like love and thunder. The post credit scene is the most important.
I think marvel should just take a couple years off and focus on quality because EVERYTHING after endgame is dog shit.
Yo this video might have more views than the movie 😂
Miss Marvel did not appeal to me at all, and went ahead and started the first episode cause I bored one day, and Iman valani sold me alone almost immediately.  She is just infectious on screen.
I will say this again. Post-credit scene in Endgame in 2019: MCU will return....in 2022... With (show) F4 logo. Given the pandemic, it would have been 2023/4. But imagine that. Give people a chance to miss you.
i called the 2 BS side quest before even watching this video...😂😂 this movie was straight garbage
Marvel movies after endgame feel like the cw arrowverse shows after season 4. Just crap!
Look at it this way Mr Jahns, this is 105 minutes of your life you won't get back but 105 you've saved your loyal viewer base from wasting. Thank you good Sir 🙏 😁
I'm going to be mad if this movie doesn't do well & big execs say, "See? Women as action leads can't make us money in a big screen production!!" Ummm...if you don't give them a good story, then how could they be in a blockbuster!?!?!? That being said, I've been looking forward to "The Marvels"! I love Carol Danvers, Kamala Khan & Monica Rambeau!!!
Endgame was perfect because it was a slow build over several years leading to a grand finally.  They should have taken advantage of the time over the last 3 years to tweak and rework storyline. Instead the audience gets underwhelming shows and  generic movies.
This is basically what happens to every other movie that forces the "women power" down your throat... The storyline was so weak.. Who even approved this script?
I can NOT wait to see this movie flop.
I grew up on the MCU and a big part of my interest died after Endgame not because I didn't find anything interesting post-Endgame (Loki's been really fun, WandaVision was also great, No Way Home was also fun) but because I thought Endgame was the perfect way to end a decade-long journey.  I bring this up because while I'm disappointed with much of the recent MCU entries, I'd like to think that there's some kid out there who enjoys these kinds of movies the same way I enjoyed Thor: The Dark World when I was younger without realizing just how mediocre that movie was until I grew up and re-watched it. That being said, I really hope Disney figures out how to work through this embarrassingly long MCU slump.
This film is about diversity than about story or their chareacters.
I was over with MCU movies like a decade ago. Can these movies just go away?
What a shocker, a Marvel film that underperforms and is absolutely atrocius? It feels like just another normal day at Disney HQ.
I think this review could have been left at 13 seconds, one MCU effort right here that needs to be snapped out of existence...
I could tell this looked bad from the trailers and skipped it. I got burned going to see the last ant man movie thinking it would be good.
Marvel needs to relax for 2 years and Plan
Please DO A SPOILER REVIEW! I love spoiler reviews of crappy movies even more than the ones you liked! Can't wait for some detailed carnage hahah
loved the Scrubs Dr. Cox impression!
Put a chick in it 😅😅😅
So it’s all female leads forced in a MCU movie? Who’s their core audience again? Might as well make it a rom com at this point if you want more female audience? Does Disney enjoying burning money?
Great review, with a 'pitch meeting' sequence in the middle.
In my opinion, this is the best episode yet. I'd sell my soul to see him do that Disney skit with Ryan George!
most of the things you hav said about there powers is pretty much explained, I would agree the movie may not be up to par to what they were making before but it seems that you are a bit baised and are on the hate train that everyone is on lately.
Sounds like typical 2020s Disney sh1te !
hahah the Bobs "what is it yAh do here?"
Been following Jeremy for about 10 years. Still the best reviewer!! 😂
AI would write better
Haven't watched it yet but sometimes it feels JJ really goes hard after women ensamble movies. He has talked some bad shit about some that were actually good or even great, and this sounds soooo biased. Hope he's not turning into an incel or something
The singing planet would be a good location for Adam Sandler to do an Opera Man film
Jeremy > stuckman   💪
Are you ok, bruh? Hope all is well
Bob Iger: What have we done? How did it become like this? Why didn't we pay for better writers?
Another garbage Disney superhero movie no thanks!
I like that everyone knows nothing after endgame is real and all some feminists delusion for the last 4 years.
I've moved on from MCU watch better stuff yal like anime etc
Common "M-SHE-U" Disappointment 👍🫠
What's DLC?
I think Jeremy is one of the few reviewers in the world that actually gives a movie an accurate review.. just got done reading ign's take. And it's a complete puff piece.  I am honestly wondering if they watched the movie
They still make MCU movies?
This woke culture and inclusiveness will destroy Marvel
No offence but it looks like these movie was made specially for Women. But are the superheroes being changed into women character?
South Park was right…”stick a chick in it, make her lame” 🙃
Yup, Miss Marvel being the best of the bunch pretty much describes the whole Phase 4. Though, Shang-Chi and Moon Knight were also quite interesting.
Lmao the whiff punch at the end was the funny cherry on top. Loved the video
One positive thing that I've read is that the film does a great job of introducing you to Kamala and Monica without relying on events that occured on the shows they appeared in.   However, they simultaneously drop a few lines and show glimpses of stuff that occurred in the shows when necessary.
Did they put a chick in it & make her gay and lame?
It really lived up to the hate. Crazy
Least favorite mcu movies is all of them
Video games legit now have better scripts than Marvel fiims.
I love that he points out that this power switching mechanic could be great plot even with a low budget film. Which is what Marvel should focus on. Some of the best MCU movies weren't big budget CGI spectacles (like Winter solider). Keep it simple. Low budget film based on power switching between protagonists could be awesome.  Also Loki season 2, surprisingly good so far, but again, they try to keep it it's own thing. Loki isn't worried about the faith of the multiverse, he's worried about his friends. And also, also, yes Iman is awesome.
This movie was complete garbage. Happy I watched it on bootleg
Feminists will b pissed 😂
I don't know when everybody is going to realize that Disney DOES NOT CARE 😔 theyre just force feeding us to make clout bucks.
I thought the first film was rubbish. I have no plans on seeing this unless it's for free, and even then I might feel ripped off.
I didn’t even know this film coming out. I’ve seen zero marketing for it and I follow numerous film sources. Not a clue
Replace those 3 basic looking chicks with Gal Gadot and reshoot. Pretend this crap never happened.😃
Jeremy jahns get old
Nothing can be worse than Love and Thunder, nothing.
female villains never work
Thank god for the Loki series existing.
Still better than Eternals, but that's not saying much.
#5 trending. Holy cow.
Dlc Diluted liberal content. But that's wrong this isn't modern warfare three this is though wolka agenda gone crazy. Calling this d l c is about as creative as the people working on these scripts . Who ever said that 1st is following whats going on with call of duty
I just dont find women to be all that great at "story telling" in general... They always just rag on "Debbie" or whatever from work... "Yeah sure Debbie IS jealous of you...cool...  can we just watch Indiana Jones now?"
It was supposed to be a Captain Marvel movie, but Disney took that opportunity away from her. It's a pity that after the first movie they are doing the same thing to her again.
They only swap when they use powers at the same time, there was a whole sequence of them testing it 😅
You should definitely give Ms Marvel a watch, think you’d be pleasantly surprised honestly
I'll be vegg.
iman literally carried this movie lol
Folks, we need to treasure our honest movie reviewers
Ms Marvel was a very solid show. However, in comparison to this film, it is the next coming of Christ.
there was 5 people in the cinema today. hype much
3:39 seconds in and I subscribed.  dollar store ronan the accuser. Hilarious review
Is villan transgender
Yeah no... I guess my expectations for this movie seem to be spot on 🤨 Hilarious review!! 👍 Least favorite MCU-movie... Hmmm... I'd say... The more they rely on comedy, the worse they get. They need to go the "Dark Knight"-way!!
Let's hit all ethnicities. Have a lesbian, make it all women, women are powerful blah blah blah. Screw story, lest just push a message everyone is sick of
More woke garbage I bet
It's flop of the flop movie total
Disney sinking further into debt with some feminist bullshit nobody wants to see
I'm from Taiwan and I'm hearing-impaired🦻! I've finished reading it, it's so good! There will be Young Avengers and X-Men in the future
Nice shout out to South Park Joining the panderverse.
4:46 Ms Marvel IS on Disney+ and literally ends … probably where this movie begins? Anyway.. I have no idea if this is what you’re talking about…
Lmao.  Jeremy back with a vengeance
Disney has now literally become the physical embodiment of insanity. Just keep doing the same thing over and over and over and over again expecting different results. They NEVER learn 🤦
Walla walla bing bang.... now you're speaking my language
That intro 🤣 Bizarre just how bad these films have become. I mean not Love and Thunder bad but damn :( I do NOT understand why they can't find ONE villain out of the MCU that could be brought to screen successfully.
In case anybody missed this but the villain of the movie is actually Loki's real life girlfriend think about that 🤔 this movie was put together was never planned or thought out .
I dont think ive ever not wanted to watch a movie so much in my life
Marvel needs a break... 1 movie and 1 series a year.. That should be of good characters. But marvel should just give up trying to hard to be woke.
If you know UK slang and you realise Ronan the Accusser has been turned into a woman with the name Dar -Benn (bender ;)  Jeez ... the M-SHE-U are really taking the piss now.
That cut away 😂😂
Bruh ain’t heard a dr cox shout out in ages
In the wise words of South Park: A villain like Ronin, but they "put a chick in it and made her gay".
Hey don't insult AI like that 🤣
I caught the doctor cox reference there! lol
I'll watch it when it goes on the pirate ship, definitely will not pay for this movie. Knew from the trailers that it was full of No Plot. Eternals is probably the worst MCU film which upseated Iron Man 2 as worst film to me, going to be real surprised if this one beats those two for Worst MCU movie.
Ha! If I can give 2 fuxks to make a spoiler review, hahahaha
*All post-End Game MCU movies have been sub par* to terrible except Black Panther Wakanda Forever.            *Between post Endgame MCU and Post BO2 COD gamesn entertainment has fallen*
Panderverse
Could erase everything post Endgame except spiderman no way home and Guardians 3, including TV shows
Put a chick on it and make her lame
I think AI could do a better job of writing than this dreck.
Would you say they made Ronin.....a woman....gay.....and possibly even..........lame as fuck?
Watching the commercials, it’s shameful that they’re billing this new villain (who hardly anyone knows) is a successor to Thanos. They even put a Thanos voiceover in one commercial of him saying there will always be “others” to finish his work. I’m pretty sure that wasn’t a line he actually said in any movie. They just shoehorned it in there as if that’s something he said. Maybe he did, but I certainly don’t recall it. Regardless, this no-name villain looks retarded and boring and as run of the mill as you can possibly get. Then you have Nick Fury monologuing about how he needs Danvers for “one last fight.” As if what’s happening in this film is anywhere near the stakes of Endgame. Then they tell audiences it’s the….Movie. That. Changes. EVERYTHING!!! Without any hints as to what they’re referencing. I mean, if it’s introducing Doom, or the X-Men or the FF then MARKET THAT SHIT. They clearly need the money lol. Otherwise people will stay home like that have for the rest of their terrible Phase 5 full of characters no one fucking cares about.
I want to see a Skynet penned Terminator movie.
Dude! You need to do a crossover with Pitch meetings guy. You have mad fake executive charisma. YOur reviews are awesome, but there's some serious acting chops you're sitting on.  MORE ACTING!!!
Have Been watching you for about 10 years now and youre the best ! Keep it up! Also theres this indie movie called Radical in theaters right now you should watch ! Definitely will make you feel something
Wow another YouTuber just reciting the same exact stuff everyone else does. It’s become popular to hate on marvel so they all just make the same content because it’s profitable. Marvel is consistently putting out way better movies that 80-90 percent of the rest of the industry but trolls like this would have you thinking otherwise
This really felt like a dogshit through and through
8 seconds in....not a good sign😂
If ur saying its trash I believe u
I think the tv stuff and the movie stuff need to be separate. Like the netflix universe and the mcu. You need vague references at best so it doesnt feel like homework.  They also need their own tones so they feel separate
least favorite mcu villian, Captain Marvel
Woof!
After watching ms marvel kahn is the one reason I will watch this movie
It sucks they started writing female centric movies right when the people behind these Marvel movies lost all passion. we deserve so much better
Spoiler     Just finished the movie and omg it was sooo bad!! Why are the cat's tardises? Soo that planet with water is ruined and thats it? Why do they think shes died? And miss marvel redoing iron mans avenger round up??( female avengers?) How did this cost 270 million!!!! Well their definitely losing alot of money on this one 🤣🤣🤣 the post credits was the best part and still that wasnt that good 😪. They should have stopped woth endgame.
Movie & you 🐂 💩
Sounds like super confusing movie.
Was the “What is it, ya do here?” A Dr Cox nod?
Wow. I guess I'm a lot more forgiving for this one. I liked Brie more in this one as Captain Marvel. She was more human. But you are absolutely right about those two scenes 😅 And still this is better then Quantumania 😂
This is up there with the rise of skywalker as hilarious but painfully sad review as to where the mcu has ended up
all i could think of while watching this trash from the comfort of my home, because i'd never spend a penny on disney films, was this reminds me of a volcano girl and shark boy movie. more braindead slay queens in the m-she-u.
go woke, go broke...
Marvel is trolling us at this point
Jeremy Jahns is still around??? Used to watch this channel back in 2016. Major Throwback.
Dude didn't watch Ms. Marvel and is confused about the power of the bangle!! MCU homework?! Guess that's why they're starting spotlight projects ??
Woof indeed
This is out? I had no idea 😂
I guess Malan was happy to be on the big screen and gave it her all.
Hey Jeremy love the vids but, in the movie they do explain that the powers have to be used at the exact same time for them to switch. In my watch through I tried to see if they did this without switching and came up with them being pretty accurate.   Also side note, this movie is best described as a “filler” movie 😂
Tnx for being honest, Gorr pretty much said he saw guy who complaint how movie sucked after a movie, just to post positive review hour later.
Jeremy should collaborate with the pitch meeting guy 😅
"Put a chick in it and make it LAME." Kathleen Kennedy strikes again.
I haven't seen it. But I hated it all the same.
Funny.... Nobody else seen Ms Marvel either Jeremy.
Beginning was hilarious 😂
Please marvel..... Just stop.... M tired and m gonna puke....😂
Loki is the only good thing that came good for marvel
Loki was so good. How did MARVEL screw this up??
Jesus Christ is Lord, King and Our Savior!
How could south park get it so wrong......😢😢😢
Pitch Meeting vibes seriously you and Ryan George should do a video together
Woke virus mann, kills eeeverything
Thor 2 and love and thunder and ms marvel was total crap. Also villain in the black widow was so bad I don't even remember his name.
Put a chick in it and make her gay
Oh God 🤦 I knew this would happen Next big failure - Aqua man
Spider-Man has been the only decent films after Endgame
Brie Larson leaked nudes… google it bois
At first I got mad at what they were doing, making a waste of time and money out of all this. Did I learn something? Sure, not to put another dollar in their pockets for this kind of stuff.
So a flop like most of us predicted and we were made fun of being angry white men. But surprise, we looked at content and nothing else.
You gotta do more skits 😂😭
Love the Dr Perry Cox impersonation! 😂 nailed it!
Absolutely 💯 ❤
Marvell forgot what they are supposed to do; make compelling stories that entertain. They are just cut and pasting new (diverse) characters over old stories
AI writes better stories, what you said is an inaccurate stereotype of AI. As an AI i am offended
And IGN gave this crap an 8
Not A.I you shill. Activist diversity hires that hate you.
At this point just spoil the movie, I rather watch a 30 minute Jeremy Jahns review then go see another Marvel film.
Everyone is so negative with marvel stuff now it's only edgy to say something good these days. I mostly enjoy everything even though I see the faults. I like people who can just watch something and have a clear-headed review. This is what I needed. Am I going to see it, obviously? Am I going to enjoy it most likely? Are there going to be issues with the writing maybe. I typically like the female superheros more than most people do. Usually, my biggest issue is with the bad guy, but it's okay if. The writing is good . I hope it's fun. I like the review. It's nice not to see 100% hate all the time, so it's boring. As long as people are making these for people to enjoy and it doesn't feel robotic ill have fun
3:30
I like your grey shirt
MCU is approaching Game of Thrones levels of going from being the pinnacle of modern pop culture to completely imploding into oblivion and being the laughing stock of the entire world... I'd say one more screwed up movie or Disney+ show and we're there.
Nowadays, MCU stands for Most Cinematic Uselessness!!!!
Bruh, i didnt like love and thunder and if that movie is twice above The Marvels didnt i can only fathom the agony of me watching through.
I was technically paid to watch the whole thing for my work as the sound engineer for the theater. It was a total meh.
I’d rather eat my own face than see The Marvels.
It seems like majority of the reviewers can agree on that this movie didn't do as they hope
Jeremy, from watching your videos, we have similar tastes. I beg you to watch "Ms. Marvel." It's one of the best MCU shows, if not the best. Iman Vellani is a star. The interactions with Kamala and her family are well-developed and make the show.
People are slowly getting what Martin Scorsese said😅
why do people act like mcu is only terrible now? It always have been terrible. It just that rbj and chris evans were pulling all the weight. Now that they're gone, people are less bias.
This kind of crap makes me miss marvel already.
My honest reaction when marvel releases the same CGI garbage for the billionth time : 😐
Iman Vellani is the ONLY reason i want to see this movie... but i'll wait for disney+.
Haha. “That South Park episode” exactly
Man, this movie was so bad, Jeremy didn't even seem like he wanted to talk about it. That's a new level. Yikes.
I got an ad of the marvels before watching this video…
tum logo ko kia msla h pakistan se asl iss movie ko hate mlne ki wja se h kh iss m pakistani and musalman hero h shame on you just fan bn kr rho yr
I'd pay an overpriced movie ticket price to NOT watch this garbage
damn, it was so bad jeremy didnt even stay for the post credit scene
The sudden Pitch Meeting skit was both unexpected and quite amazing.
Cool Pitch Meeting reference, you should collaborate with him.
"Put a chick in it and make her gay!!"
When the most annoying character of the three is also the best part of the three... This movie was like having a high school filming project given Millions of $$$.  And that mid-credits scene, they are gonna ruin the X-Men :/
I’m off the MCU train for a while now and I’m so happy about it.
This has me rolling Jeremy I love you
They just needed to put more lame chicks in it.
We all know why this shit is failing.
The whole movie is Rotten with ESG and China pandering.
That's what I thought when I saw the Villain 😂😂
You are one of the few movie critics I actually trust. I appreciate your honesty!
Never seen this man rip on a movie so bad and its so satisfying
It’s telling when Jeremy does a review for a movie called The Marvels and never fully touches on Captain Marvel in it. Get fucked Brie Larson lol.
Well it did not help the fact the stupidly decided to make the movie a little bit over a hour long
"Put a chick in it, make her lame and gay."  Let Disney go bankrupt from all their feminist and woke awful movies.
Please nobody go pay to see this and encourage Disney to continue with this trash
*Time for a reboot* 🇵🇭
Bro, if you're not interested in Marvel, just don't review the films. You're not going to enjoy it if there's nothing there for you and your negative review is just going to feed the army of incel trolls until they inevitably shoot up a theater.
I mean... it's not impossible that it was written by people. We have seen films just as bad- if not worse in the past. a few done INTENTIONALLY. But considering this is Disney... Marvel... AKA people who SHOULD have the money to buy GOOD writers. (Emphasis on SHOULD) It would be a GREAT insult to the creatives of the world if this WASN'T AI.
Damn Jeremy, we've been doing this a long time brotha; this has been a long road with more miles to come; but I know I'm getting old when I see YOU with grey/white hair in your beard and hair man. Damn......it's been a long road.
Absolute trash movie
In screenwriting we're taught that the essence of story is that the protagonist wants something and has to overcome obstacles to get it. It's so frustrating when big money is spent on a film, to hear that the plot or a simple logline of the story with these elements, can't be found. Who's story is it? What do they want? a huge red flag when those questions can't be answered. If the script doesn't start there, it's likely lost. That said, haven't seen the movie and will let you know what I think afterwards!
They just need to hire a better writer or pay those writers more money so they can put more effort to write better.
Ummm are you sure you watched this movie? Maybe I saw a different The Marvels because what I saw was awesome, fun and left me wanting more.
Yo you want them to take a break, that be smart but they ain’t gonna do that. They will double down on this horse shit til their dying breath
This is what good reviewers do they watch shitty movies like the marvels so we don't have to.
What decade can I return to watching MCU movies?
Ronan from Wish
I agree with your video. Bro looks like Alan Wake
Brie Larson wants to know what female reviewers think of the Marvels.
A WOKE CHILDISH NIGHTMARE!!! When you have Democrat woke politics mix with movies. The result? A movie that looks like it's been written and directed by 13yr old teens! An absolute mess, trash. This could have been an amazing sequel if not for leftwing political pandering. Meaning, they just couldn't STAND to have the main character, a ''white'' woman, be the hero.   Nope, have to satisfy their DEI quota. Thus, they HAD to include a girl from India and someone with black skin to shove in the roles. You know, don't wanna piss of the ''inclusion'' board. The writing was terrible, storyline terrible, execution even worse. Until they stop checking ''political boxes'' during casting and writing, movies are only going to get worse! Watching this film was like going through the mind of a damn child!!! I could write a better script in my sleep, on my worst night.   FINAL SCORE: 0 /10
what the hell happened, after the Russo brothers left everything went to shit. are they just hiring people who dont even like marvel comics.
Least favorite,  MCU movie "Eternals" as for villain, whatever villain we were supposed to care for on Captain Marvel.
Launchpad 😂
For the first movie, coming out in between Infinity War and Endgame really save the film, this time it has to stand on it's own merit.
Loki is the only good thing right now
Can we just appreciate Jeremy's hair though? It's s just prestine
The major problem here is Captain Marvel. The actress never succeed to make you feel like she is the Hero
Wow bigot does bigot things.. amazing.. how do you be a legit reviewer for this movie without seeing ms marvel...
From the trailer, I thought they swap, when they use their powers, at the same time?
When will change happen
Filler movie i suppose
Ms Marvel is a great!! Don’t beat her up
Please never stop being you no matter what happens in Hollywood… we need you dude!
So they forgot Ronan's hammer was destroyed by the Guardians? (Drax blows it to pieces with Rocket's Hadron Enforcer, to free the Power Stone.) Or are we to believe this villain went to Xandar (where she's not welcome), retrieved the pieces, and had the hammer reforged?
Ahh, I can’t be bothered. I will probably never watch this crap. It’s just some nonsense these days
Marvel is officially DONE
Its ok to " spoil" movies noone gives  shit about. Every one is here just to hate watch on Disney anyway.
I hope this movie doesn't infuriate and antagonize women. But it's true...the marvel thing yes!!! However guys don't care about all cast women movies. It bombed. It was marvel and the fan had no support. And I don't know why😮 anyone seen Elektra? Catwoman? Harley Quinn is getting played out😮 blk widow? Captain America 😂? Just doing the stats Hollywood 😅✌️🐻
Anyone white in Hollywood is being systematically removed. And not just Hollywood. Its happening in corp America as well.
They do know Ronan was the least interesting thing in Guardians of the Galaxy?
Honestly not watching it better give my views to my guy Jeremy 😜
MCU ended With Spiderman No way Home everything else is not including spiderman is non Canon
The director is a big fan of Final Fantasy, which makes sense why the sequences would feel video game-y
I wanna give this movie a chance, but I really couldnt get into the first one. Honestly I didnt really like Ms. Marvel in the comic books either, so I dont know man. I agree with you Jeremy. The Marvel movies need a good break. They need to stop spinning the wheels and give us X-men and the Fantastic Four.
Hahahahahahahahaha why does the new trailer try to gaslight you into thinking that capt marvel cares about the avengers
Post endgame MCU is what the Book of Mormon is to the Bible
Jeremy Jahns and Pitch Meeting crossover please!
That skit was amazing. 😂
Go woke go broke
Least favorite MCU movie: Thor the Dark World Least favorite villain: its a toss up between Ghost and "Taskmaster" and also Ronan the Accuser and Malekith were pretty weak as well.
This man is always honest. I love it.
IGN gave this trash 8/10, I knew Jeremy would set me straight. Thanks again bro!
I expected this to be bad so there it is, no surprise
Not saying I didn't expect this, but after seeing a lot of positive press today on my lunch break I was really wondering.
4:44 in Loki season one they do show extra stones, so it is in theory that the main baddie could of jumped timelines and collected some to power up their weapon. Personally I work at the theatres and one thing I’m always looking forward to are the after credits
Put a chick in it. Make her gay.
The Marvels: MCU gets a yeast infection.
More w0ke Disney
"what is it.....ya-do here?" love it
Chris gore's review brought me here, your review got me to subscribe 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼 Thank you for not being a shill
they could have called The Movie Shift Basically you shift between each character lol
MCU is now officially the COD of movies
Favourite mcu movie is either no way home or infinity war and I really enjoyed vulture as a villain
I just hope we can move past the concept of a cinematic universe, to be honest. Without a doubt a revolutionary idea with a single arc like the Infinity Saga but I think we're now seeing the downside of focusing more on continuity than actually telling great stories. I hope we get to Secret Wars and from there we begin to see more Elseword-esque stories from different universes that don't impact each other so much, and allow the movies to re-ground themselves after such huge events (also... quality over quantity, please).   Give directors and producers with 'non-Marvel styles' a chance to shine in the Superhero genre. Would've loved to see an Elseworld Black Widow movie with some of the 'Killing Eve' writers & directors collaborating with input from Feige for a spy-thriller movie. Get the Safdie brothers behind the wheel for a twisted, Magneto-centric story where you see why he hates humans.   Just... something different Marvel, please.
Ms.Marvel series had a great independent feel. I'd watch this for her. Awesome Hamilton watch BTW .
What a surprise that people don’t like this movie I’m “shocked”.
Everyone is now coming around to what the real fans have been saying for a long long time
In seeing the trailers for this film, the first thing i said to myself was, "Oh crap, not another generic, boring, want-to-take-everything-from-you, Marvel villian."
Put a chick in it, make her gay, and make it lame.  Marvel phase 4-5
Hammer is a universal weapon
thank god the boycott is over! now the entertainment derived by watching dozens of reviews instead of the film itself can commence!!! Yea!!!!   300,000,000 y'all....let that sink in. that's a lot of money, where did it go? is this film some kind of money scam?
Its not AI.  Its copy.  Copyright infringement.  It is damn Spaceballs.
When reviewing movies such as this one, I feel like it’s ok to just spoil it, not like I’m gonna watch it😂
Wow Jeremy! Gloves off! 😂 I love it!!
Can you please do the Spoiler Review for this movies, please? Because I dont want to waste my ticket-money for this abomination.
Taika Waititi? Taika fucking Waititi?! Don't even get me started on that guy! He is literally one of the worst Directors to work on a Marvel movie. Hell! I'd even go as far as saying the film industry as a whole. He absolutely destroyed Thor's character and he takes everything as a joke. He could probably do a good comedy movie, but that's about it. Right now, though.. Taika Waititi and Disney Marvel go hand-in-hand, because they're both one big joke!
Jeremy I’m sorry but you’re a hypocrite. You still review this marvel trash after countless bad movies one after the other but give up on Ashoka after 2 slow first episodes…I felt like the series took some time to build momentum but really paid off in the end and I was looking forward to watching your reviews on it and hearing your opinion. I’m disappointed that you would rather review trash movies like this and not pay attention the only decent star wars media we’ve gotten in YEARS.
The M She U lol
Jeremy does a Pitch Meeting. 🤔
I feel like 'but Iman Vellani was very good in this' is gonna be our go to line for the MCU for a while
When they went to the singing planet I was like "Thanos was Right" immediately 😂😂
Agent D from MIB!!!!!  Is MIB part of Marvel Universe?
Love ya dude. You've always been true to yourself and told it how it is. A rare type these days when everyone is shilling for this corpo entity or that corpo entity.
Put a chick in it make her gay
I've never heard Jeremy swear
woof
I'm so glad to hear everyone is on the same page about Iman. I loved her in Ms. Marvel, she was so genuine and happy, like Jeremy said, contagious
1 of the Best commentary channels out there.
I'm holding my breath on judging The Marvels till I see it but this review did give me a good idea of what to expect. I think the first Captain Marvel movie was fine it made Marvel a billion dollars and did give us our first MCU female solo movie it did that but I'm waiting for Deadpool 3 and anything miss Marvel is in.
Disney should take a 10 yr break from Marvel and just write the revamp during that time.
I was hoping that when the loom exploded in loki season 2 the multiverse will be destroyed and along with it The Marvels movie will dissappear. But I guess lokie fixed the loom. Thanks Loki😕
I feel like marvel is turning into a dc
Jeremy, buddy where is that Castlevania Nocturne review? Looking forward to your thoughts! Keep up the entertaining content!
Thank you for saving us the pain!
"Put another gay diverse woman in it, and make it more fucking lame!".
From what iI’d guess. I’d say this movie is another result of a lot of studio intervening to where Nia DaCosta just went “screw it, i give up!” and just went with it so she can bolt as fast as she could once its all done.
you know is for FEMALE because you have ZERO IDEA what the MOVIE is ABOUT for 30 minutes into the MOVIE............
I kinda don't agree with the review, Ms Marvel has to be the worst part of the movie. Her fight in the space capsule with Fury was horrendous. It's not the actresses fault though. It's Disney making kids fight adults and trying to make it believable. Gives me Star Wars: Last Jedi throne room vibes
The first thing I think of when I hear Marvel now is exhaustion. I’m exhausted with Marvel now. They had a great decade and half long run with the MCU, but now I need a break from them and clearly I’m not the only one who feels that way. Disney just hasn’t gotten the memo and I don’t think they will
There is only LOKI and 🌙 Knight now. Rest all shite.
I'm very sorry that you have to watch a TV special at a theater
Wow!!! This review has gone on waaaaaaaaayyy longer than it should have!!!!
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me - John 14:6. I felt led to share this with you all 🥰
I love the addition of skits, great video as always
"BRILLIANT!!" 🤣 Oh, Jeremy-Anu. 🤗
They are still at it ?
Majority of the movies coming out after 2020 have been such pile of garbage that I only watch the ones that you give positive reviews to
Miss Marvel is by far my favorite of the three. I actually like her series, although I don't remember one single thing about it... There was a comic con or something?
So you didnt get a big fat check from disney for this one, they must be really broke
I wasn't expecting much from this movie, but holy shit this sounds worse than I imagined.
Jeremy is on the right side of history.
what? Plank cannot show any emotion? Say it aint so!
Let’s be honest, was anyone expecting this to be good
Jeremy should do a collab with Ryan pitch meetings for this movie 😂
A bit disappointed in the review grade , expected the dogshit rating
most post credits are shit now adays
Great skits great review
Spoken from an expert of crap.
lol, I just marathoned all of Disney animation, and when there are low points, there's always something good, "Walla Walla Bing Bang!"
The best thing to come out of this movie is all of the reaction content on youtube
I’m sorry you lost a piece of your soul watching this garbage
This movie was made to get girls interested in mcu. Disney doesn’t know their demographic.
I’m only 10 seconds in and damn…This was the first Marvel thing I was genuinely looking forward to in a while.
After Endgame, I haven't seen any MCU film. So before Endgame, Age of Ultron is my least favorite MCU film. It could tie with Thor Dark World, but I didn't hate Dark World, that movie was just forgettable. I genuinely hated Age of Ultron. My favorite MCU film is Ragnarok. It had a nice blend of comedy and action, and that was before they nerfed the Hulk, and made him lame. It was also the closest thing we got to a live action Planet Hulk. I love Planet Hulk. I am biased and picky when it comes to film adaptations of The Hulk, and the MCU have done an awful job in my opinion. It's a shame, cause before they nerfed him, I was enjoying it. Just let him be the green rage monster that we all love, please.
Thank you for always giving your honest opinion.  Thank you for valuing your viewers over the potential perks of giving a positive review. Thank you for not gaslighting us by saying we’re just not sophisticated enough to understand what the director was trying to accomplish.  Thank You!!
Jeremy’s movie pitch scene was very funny. I hope that the next Marvel movie will be great…
Ohhh no I can tell with the first 15 seconds this isn’t going to be good. I’m taking this girl I like to this movie on Monday. See wanted to see it, at least I get brownie points if I take her to this and a nice dinner 😂
7 mins into the video & I realized that I was still watching a video about The Marvels
this is how 100% wokeness look like
I don’t understand why it’s so hard to hire talented writers and directors to make good movies and release them when they’re ready. There has to be someone at Disney that knows they conveyor belt of bullshit can’t possibly last
Wow first review I watched where Jeremy though this movie was a complete joke lol….
Thanks for the Scrubs quote my guy, didn't think I could enjoy ya more- 😂🎉
The last time I watched Marvel movies (or any hollywood movies for that matter) was after Endgame. After that I just come to Jeremy's review and deem I have watched said movie. Hahaha 😂
Man the downfall of the MCU reminds me of the downfall of the Black berry mobile phone. But maybe DC can take advantage of this and try to give us something phenomenal cause clearly that snap by Tony Stark really was the death of it all.
“What would you say….ya do here?” Great movie
Yo I thought this was Billy Mitchell for a minute.
Lol remember he said guardians of the galaxy 2 was bad........
Marvel finally broke Jeremy
I honestly checked out of the MCU a few years ago. I couldn't care less about any of it anymore.
Everyone saying ms marvel being a fan is a cool thing. No , no its not. Its literally been her whole.persona since she was created . Just an annoying fanboy. Lol that southpark nod was great 😅😅
The MCU doesn’t need to take a break, they need to stop the woke writing and present good stories. People just feel that a break is needed but that’s only because they’re tired of crap movies.
Least favorite MCU movie.. Easily TLAT. Worst villain Taskmaster from the Black Widow movie. Such a disappointment.
I did enjoy it. This review, not the movie.
With woke Disney pulling the strings, this is the kind of desicration you can expect from now on.
The villain looks trans
Movie is so bad that Jeremy refuses to use red background in the middle of the video😂
What Thanos wanted to prevent us from seeing 😂
Disney - "Put a woman in it & MAKE HER GAY!" *Cartman Kennedy voice* 🤣
So what you're saying is.. We should go see it IMMEDIATELY.
i think I'll skip this one then.  Wow torn to pieces.
Trending at #5 after 11 hours👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
He seems genuinely irritated.
The Hammer still having some Power Stone energy makes sense, things that have been embewed with power by the stones don't continuously need it-- like Captain Marvel was embewed by the Teseract but doesnt need to hold it to use the power, or how Vision's corpse still had residual Mind Stone energy even after the stone was destroyed.
U didnt talk abot nick fury
Has sjw, talking diswashers as leads Expects the movie to succeed... 😂😂😂
They don’t switch when one uses their powers, They switch when two or more use their powers at the same time.
MCU Phase 4/5: The Fatigue Sets In
Best part of the movie... “It's under 2hrs. That's nice... ” 😂
high budget grade B film.. got it. marvel should do 1 series 1 movie per year. if not 1 movier or 1 series per year. im a huge fan.. and even i cant make anymore reason to make myself focus on what the fuck is happening in this universe.
I loved this movie.
3:23 Die Hard moment. If you know, you know.
If shit mcu movies, dceu movies and shit Disney plus shows have been around since chatgpt was available, it would explain a lot. There's got to be a way to identify if a script was produced using chatgpt, much in the same way, professors catch students plagiarizing the works of others.
You are on trending so I guess swear all you want when it come to new Marvel movies. They Ai algorithm agrees the movies are all garbage too it seems..
3:22 poor attempts of being a pitch meeting guy😂😂😂
My only question is this.  Where did you get the used car salesman suit?
Almost had me on a spit take with "In an episode of Ducktales" comment... Hilarious
Duuuude…that Hamilton!
run from it.
The problem is that they're rushing through the process
Gotta draw a line in the sand. These are multimillion dollar wastes of time. You are being too nice. Its time for a boycott.
I hope this sets the ending of Brie Larson's character in the MCU.  Look, I somewhat enjoyed Captain Marvel and was hoping it would get better afterwards but no, she is a charisma black hole and I am exclusively talking about her onscreen portrayal of the character.  Frankly, she is probably also looking to be done with her contract (if this is not her last MCU film).  It's overall miserable for all parties.  She doesn't seem to be enjoying it, Marvel ended up not getting the big female lead for whichever phase the MCU is in now with her and the audiences just don't seem to connect with her.  Best case of cutting your losses.
Lol ahaahaaa! This guy gets me. 😂🔥❤️🫠
Ms Marvel TV was pretty good tbf
expecting a dog shit rating
Best review yet 🥀🤣🤣
Loki and wandavision should have been the only Disney + shows
I miss short-haired Jeremy Jahns.  Am I the only one?
IGN gave it an 8 🤣
Your Dr. Cox impression was spot-on! Made me actually laugh out loud.
Nothing says how garbage this movie is better than Jeremy Whoofing the punch in apathy....
I have seen Jeremy do a lot of reviews in the past where he Simps for marvel. This thing must really suck for him to go after it this way. Save your money, and re-watch infinity wars, and endgame.
This entire comment section talking about how why Disney is so awful while dancing around the main issue, which is the company becoming completely ideologically possessed by radical, extreme progressive propaganda.
I enjoyed the movie. It was a fun time
Bottom. Of. Barrel.
the MsheU is dead! All Rejoice!!!
Just in seeing the poster I blocked it out. I assumed it was a super hero movie for little girls lol
Whatttttt?  This movie is bad ??? I could not have seen this coming at all!   Ok...  I can't do it ;)  This was written in the sky that The Marvels would be the worst MCU movie by a mille.  There was zero hope this could be good.  Hopefully, they will remove Brie Larson from the MCU universe and start on the road of doing good movies again... but I am not holding my breath.
this movie is a dumpster fire
Love the Duck Tales reference lol
I caught that Office Space reference, and I applaud it.
Wait, didnt Ronan's hammer disintegrate in the climax of GOTG1?
Damn this review blew up #5 on trending 10 hours after posting
Would have been cool if it was a Ronan varient
Ms Marvel was the only good thing about Ms Marvel as well
My favorite marvel movie is the jessica jones tv show
We been on this marvel ride from day 1 we can tell from a trailer when the movie is going to be bad.
My only wish is that they don't ruin Daredevil. But I've no hopes for the MCU.
This franchise needs to be changed to "CW presents: The Marvel Universe"
I almost forgot this movie was coming out😂
It sad that I've tried to watch secret invasion and loki and didn't really give them a chance because I truly don't care anymore. I used to be so excited for all Marvel content
No one cares for these new Marvel characters.
I haven't seen Captain Marvel and this looks like be better to skip it too.
Marvel movies have entered the call of duty fatigue problem
$270 MILLION sent right down the shitter.
I’m sad for ms marvel lady because I honestly thought that show was pretty wholesome if not very flawed.
Thank you, Jeremy, for saving me like 1hr 40min of my life. This is a public service.
Dudes looking terrible with them grey's!!!!!! Die that shit!!!!!
Wait, that woman's name in the movie is Monica Rambo?  Are you serious?  No, really, seriously?  There isn't another character named 'Chic Norris' is there?
This is by far the funniest movie review I’ve ever seen, he’s trying to be positive but the movie made it super hard for him to be.
The review pointed so heavily to dogshit though.
So basically just another Disney movie. So sad that they've run out of good ideas 😞
No because I’ve seen AI write better than this. Lookup computing forever and him using AI to make a secret invasion store that was better than the show that Disney gave us.
No whiskey for this one??? hahaha
I appreciate the Perry Cox impression
Looks like u got script from  DC to trash this shit
Your hands moving against that red background is giving me acid flashbacks.
You can spoil all you want. Nobody cares and nobody is going to go see it.
Well, I’m gonna skip this one. The one to watch her in is Lessons in Chemistry which is really fun.
My review of the Marvels: 10/10... awesome drama, showing the struggles of characters no one wants to see....and then, expectedly...no one saw them.  Just kidding, I cannot in good conscience review a film I haven't seen, so I will not be reviewing this movie in my lifetime.
The MCU hurts it's brand the more it puts out mid shit like this. It's only gonna reinforce people's fatigue for it all.  The thing is, Super hero movie fatigue doesn't matter if the movie is a good movie. People gladly watched No Way Home and are eagerly waiting the next one.
Having seen Ms. Marvel, she was the only reason i would've even considered seeing this. Not surprising she was the only good thing in it.
Let miss guess there are no Suprising cameos 😅  So people Complaining
Kamala made this movie
The fact I hadn’t even heard of this movie prior to watching this is saying kind of a lot. Definitely won’t be seeing it
Please review South Park into the panderverse!!
Its Craptastic
Surprised you haven’t seen “Ms Marvel” it’s way better than Wandavision. Curious why you made a smirk about the negative character being a woman & left it like that.
The MCU is not good anymore
Oh the marvels movie is terrible; surprising no one. Shocker. That’s what Blackrock ESG rating scores and woke ideology get ya I’m afraid. Pure garbage.
And this was a heavily retooled version.......
i'm gonna be honest i think AI would do a better job then the dilapidated brain rotted writers they've got on staff
Love the honest man. Thank you for not shilling this disaster.
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!
Uh-Oh! One of the top comments to Beyond The Trailer's review is "This really feels like more of a plead than a review". Another comment "Even Grace can't save this film with a positive review....".
I thought Walla Walla Bing Bang was TaleSpin.
Actually believe AI could write a better movie then people working at Disney.
Larson is still sexy. Fight me.
Love your reviews. They feel very fair. Not too woke not to anti-woke.
Spot on Dr. Cox impression.
Lately seeing so much awful contents from mcu making me question is feige really is smart or the all past success happen bcs he was lucky!
That intro - YES! haha
They absolutely explained why they could use their powers sometimes and not swap. They swap when the powers are used at the same time by two of them.
I knew I hated this guy for a reason
The idea behind Dar-Benn.... Put a chick in it, make her gay, and lame. God bless Cartman Kennedy.
Actually, saw the film last night and loved it. Yes, Ms. Marvel is the best thing about it, but its not as bad as Jeremy says. I think he just has Marvel burnout, its better than Thor L&T and Quantamania. Plus, the last scene and the after credits scene set up so much going forward, makes me look forward to what is coming.
Stop this woke crap......
Jeremy Jahns, I don’t like anything you do. Your face when you go to click the review says you didn’t like it. Than you actually click the view and you call it crap and suggest AI wrote it. So why would I watch your review? You gave me the answer 10 seconds in. Personally I don’t even know if you actually disliked it or selling yourself as someone who didn’t like it for viewers.
I been subcribed Jeremy since like 2013 and I think this is the first time he didn't do the punch at the end.... that's how you know even he's given up on the MCU
Literally thought I was subscribed. Have watched your videos for years. Keep up the good work my dude
At least Sony is killing it with all the Spider-Man content
so, are you trying to say this movie is bad?
They definitely sneaking ai writing in. Much rather they would have all had separate projects not a fan of the carrol Danvers character
The movie is basically a clusteryouknowwhat [hopefully this last word gets past the AI built by overpaid script kiddies] 👎👎
Review South Park Panderverse PLEASE
You said the quiet part out loud, I really think that Disney has had AI writing their scripts from Star Wars to She Hulk...all suck.
They are trying to give us M-SHE-U which they know no fans wanted. So here we are now.
The Scrubs line oooof love ya for that one. Cocks was a character.
Nice South Park reference 👌
This would’ve only made money when Marvel was peaking. Audiences would watch relatively unkown character movies because there was a baseline understanding that the MCU was quality. Now that that perceived quality isn’t there, ain’t nobody got time for this. They have to actually make good movies about good characters. They’ve burnt all there good will to the ground are basically back to the “we need to prove ourselves” era of phase 1.
You liked that fugly ass Flash movie. Your opinion is way invalid.
I had high hopes this movie wasn't going to suck. That's a shame. At least my favorite Marvel character right now wasn't ruined by the film.
So far my least favorite marvel project is shehulk
I still want Brie Larson as Captain Marvel.. MCU just needs the writers   needs more creative writing
Methinks this will be on jeremy's top 10 worst list
Jeremy doesn't directly call the film "woke crap" but you can tell he wants to, especially since he brings up South Park's Panderverse.
Suspecting whether 'human intelligence' was behind an idea, or was not...🤨 What were the 'signs' that would *trigger* that 'suspicion?!'😅😀Another Movie could 'answer' that perhaps 😉😊
Pretty much done with spandex saving anything at this point, its impossible to even care. You can imagine the plot beats, soundtrack, lame humor, foreshadowing other ip's,, and cgi sequences long before, or even if, you see the movie.
The moment I hear the movie turns into a musical… I’m out.
Imán and Tom Holland feel like they could be part of the future of the MCU as long as they don’t keep writing like they have.
Can I at least fap to this movie?
This is going to sound sexist but why are so many recent comic book movies girl centric?  The audience is young to middle-aged men. If you don't excit them, what's the point?
2:30 the dr cox made me lol
Marvel's theme now:  "That simple premise of fun, inside something overproduced and overinflated."
I love Marvel but please God stop making movie's going forward.
8:12 How? I'll tell you, forced down ESG & DEI.
The MCU needs to take more than just a break for a few years. They need to take a permanent break from the vomit inducing, femanazi, woke pig crap they’ve been pushing. Then maybe we’ll come back and give them out hard earned money.
Eternals is the worst MCU film. The worst bad guy is Awkwafina from Shang Chi, the "actress" not  the character.
MCU needs to take a break and REBOOT. To me, it ended in Endgame. Oh look... END game. Who would've thought. 😅
When Jeremy said " it's fucking weird" I laughed my ass off 😂
What an intro.  Jeremy, I would buy you a beer or twelve to forget this.
Sounds like it’s another “wait for it to stream on Disney+”
I don't care about any of these characters that's the thing and I don't know anybody who does.   And none of their friends do etc etc so I don't know who they made this for I guess misguided teenage girls who want someone to look up to after the Barbie movie?
I wasn’t expecting a full slaughter of a review lol you gonna do a spoiler video or a video on the state of Marvel like you did with Star Wars?
This movie wasn't made for white men!
First MCU movie to get “Not gonna remember in T-Minus 1 Day”…😢 Awesometacular: Iron Man 1, Thor 1, The Avengers, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Captain America Civil War, Spider Man Homecoming, Avengers Endgame Worth Watching and Buying on Blu Ray: Captain America The First Avenger, Iron Man 3, Thor The Dark World (what?), Guardians of the Galaxy, Ant Man, Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Avengers Infinity War, Spider Man Far From Home, Spider Man No Way Home Good Time, No Alcohol Required: Thor Ragnarok, Ant Man and the Wasp, Shang Chi, Eternals, Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, BP Wakanda Forever Better Time if Drunk: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2, Captain Marvel, Black Widow, Thor: Love and Thunder, Ant Man and the Wasp Quantamania, Guardians of Galaxy Vol 3
If she was actually good in this movie, I hope it doesn't taint Iman's career and she gets a shot with material actually worth doing.
"On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 59% of 130 critics' reviews are positive"- Wiki, that sounds about right.
They do explain why they switch and when they switch, they switch when TWO people use their powers at the SAME TIME.
I think it’s so sad that the female characters in the MCU keep getting such shit writing
People talking about breaks or putting real thought into anything they do forget that they are making money period because for some reason people will go see this or watch Disney +. But they literally do not care about the viewer. They are pumping bs out with bare minimum effort and energy
must be hard to deliberately ruin an IP and mock it's entire fan base that you loathe beyond reproach, while simultaneously, desperately, trying to appeal to the panderverse on the same projects.
"Post endgame DLC" 😂😂
Ngl I didnt even realize this movie was releasing
I can't watch it. If i do i will just have a loop of Eric Cartman in my head saying 'put another chick in and make her lame and gay!' All the way through the film.
That south park episode is more right than ever
IGN make the movie seems like the best MCU movie in a while, calling it a TRIUMP 😂
I'm sure The Marvels will do better than Kraven.
You people are absolutely pathetic. Absolute disgrace of a critic and a bunch of ridiculous haters in here. Marvel post Endgame has actually been great and I'm excited about this movie. The CGI and everything else looks really good
Is this review a surprise to anyone?  This movie was destined to be trash.
Didn't Rocket blow up that hammer in the end of the GotG movie?
I've always been pretty lenient towards superhero movies but since endgame, I've only been able to like Guardians 3, Strange 2, Eternals, Loki and Ms Marvel. But this movie made me appreciate Gor more as a villain and I honestly really liked the performance of most of the cast, excluding Fury
FCU: feminist cinematic universe
"AI scripted" lol that was brutal. Jeremy@
Jeremy pitch meeting?  Super easy.  Barely an inconvenience.
“This would be fine in an episode of Duck Tales” 😂😂😂
This dude just knows how to review 💩itty movies. 👍
Thanks for saving me $15!! Yeah...
Just seems like they borrowed from Freaky Friday and shoved it into a Marvel movie.  Only thing missing is a cameo from Lindsay Lohan. LOL
Please do spoiler talk on this one!
Theres just no way this movie will be good 😂
I am comolas fan
Like, will not, refuse to waste any $$ on this, unsure even when it streams, if I will waste an hr of my day on it 😅😅
Even though I had low expectations for this movie I always hold onto hope that a marvel movie does good so we can get the old MCU back.
Thank you for the Disney Afternoon drop, always appreciated. :)
South Park releasing “joining the panderverse” just before this movie released is brutal and hilarious
This is why Jeremy Jahns is one of my favorite reviewers. He gives some nice compliments but is not afraid to speak out his honest thoughts. Plus he's very entertaining compared to current day MCU.
2017 Power Rangers
At this point, this dead horse has been flogged for so long and so hard that there’s no more flesh on its bones. Know it’s over when it’s over. Dear Marvel, it’s over.
The fall of marvel
The body swapping is a plot element from the Rick Jones / Mar-Vel relationship. No Rick Jones and Mar-Vel is the reason I don't watch MCU anymore.
Ms Marvel was My favorite Disney + Marvel tv show. Can't wait to see this movie
Thumbs up simply for the DuckTales mention
J-Man you were drinkin on this one, and it is awesome:)
"Woof" = very close to "Dogsh!t"
How did Nia Dacosta get a $250 MILLION based on her only real movie (the Candy Man remake bomb). She has no excuses if it's terrible. Probably same reason the She-Hulk showrunner got that with zero experience outside of her writing job on a cartoon.
I don’t know what’s worse. Them releasing The Marvels knowing it’s a POS or them actually thinking people will watch Echo…..
Loved the Office Space quote about Monica 😂😂
The entirety of post Endgame has been my least fav MCU so much so that I have stopped MCU films
Really enjoyed this one, Jeremy. Your review, not the film. Laughed out loud at your South Park joke.
You def need to watch Ms Marvel! You’re missing a couple things! This movie will make more sense after watching that. I can’t wait to see if you circle back to this after “if” you do decide to watch it.
Nice review especially the costume change was unexpected but clever.. keep it going
When feminism takes over, this is what you get
The pandering stone, it's real.
So Monica Rambo is the John Laroquette Klingon from Star Trek III the search for spock?
Garbage people make garbage films.  This is the M SHE U now
I hate how ms marvel dies at the end
You said you heard about the post credit scene so you haven’t seen it? Did you watch the whole movie or left when the credits roll? I need answers Jeremy
You should really watch Ms Marvel. It was surprisingly great and she's probably the only reason I'll end up seeing this movie.
This is a Ms Marvel movie! NOT a Captain Marvel movie!
I hate to say it but this is the first time I haven’t been excited for a new MCU movie.
I just can’t get it excited for MCU content anymore, and that still hurts me to say a bit.
The superhero trio flick ever
The last guardians was stanky!
Ign give it an 8... did the reviewer watch the same movie?
Thumb nail says it all😅
Less is more...
an iron man movie set at the late 60's. that would be a nice change
I’m only going for the mid credit and because I have enough points to get a free ticket. 😎🤘🇨🇦🤘
Definitely not watching this trash smh 😂😢
Please do some more in-depth discussion on some of your reviews.
i like the review, never think about it when watch the movie. i did enjoy it but it's true, Marvel need to take a break and get new people on board and new ideas. it just like the last THOR movie, the villain is not that dangerous enough.
I honestly may just watch it for Ms. Marvel.  That show was fun
THEY MADE MY BOY PSJ INTO GAY
they should do a complete reboot at this point.
People giving MCU a pass these past ten years is what led to this current situation. Yes there were good movies here and there, but god damn, majority of the MCU movies are filler trash with little to no connectivity. You honestly don't miss much and a two second post credit scene shouldn't save a film.
Put a chick in it! Make her lame and gay!
LOL that Imax poster looks like Danvers is thinking about how fed up she is. Same here Carol, same here.
The internet thought Guardians 3 was a masterpiece lol. So I’m still going to see this opening night. If it isn’t for you, it isn’t for you
panderverse?
I think the whole cinematic universe fad has run its course. It seems like after Endgame, the whole idea just ran out of steam and is rudderless/adrift. Either we need to take a break from superhero movies altogether (though Spiderverse proves there's still an appetite for them when they're done right) or we need to go back to making good, self-contained stories for individual characters again and not worry about tying them to some greater, larger-than-life thing that we no longer have the patience to keep up with. Let's face it, the cinematic universe concept is dead, dead, dead.
I'm not sure they can do worse than The Eternals. Guess I'll find out Friday
"a connection with captain marvel" no, there isn't, there has never been one and probably will never be. I don't know if it's just the way she's portrayed or the actress herself, but man I just can't care about Captain marvel.   Probably why even though I find the Kamala character interesting I just won't watch any of this unless it's something I find on TV at random.
Based on other reviews and reactions online, I imagine that this will be received in a similar way to Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania. There will be a lot of people who say it is good, but not great or others who say it is downright terrible.  I feel like Marvel and Disney need to reel back in the spending and come up with a better approach to tackling their upcoming movies. It just seems like the quality of the films are all over the place, which seems to be similar to Phase 2 if I remember correctly.
CEOs, producers, presidents and fish tend to stink up the place if you keep them around too long. Feige should have been out of the MCU brainstorming sessions long ago.
The MCU has become the Panderverse.
least favorite MCU movie: MoM least favorite villain: Raimi's Wanda  she just underwent the same development as she did in WandaVision. And those cameos just dying that easily just to prove a point that "oooohh Wanda can totally do that cause she's scarlet witch" bs
I will just said that had to be said The flash and black adam is better than this
Put a chick in it. Make her Ronan.
wtf happend to you man
So sad. I miss missing hero movies. Anticipating them cause it would take years for them to come out. Now it’s like. Mehhhhh
Please do a spoiler talk. I don’t want to see the movie
There's literally almost 25 years of story lore of Captain Marvel we literally have no fucking clue about. The closest we got was when Rhodey tried to put her on the spot asking where has she been for over 2 decades and she just answered saving other people on other planets lol.  Almost feels like maybe there shoulda been a Captain Marvel D+ series showing what happened then but that would dictate people actually giving a shit sbout the character lol
Jeremy is this the worst MCU movie so far?
Everything Everywhere Swapping Around. If you work on that title, I think you have a real Oscar contender
Judging by the trailers, they got desperate to make people watch this movie by having X men references cause they know they made shit
My boyfriend is a huge Marvel nerd; I'm not looking forward to being dragged to see this crap
this is how feminism destroys movies.
nice bit! LOL
The first trailer i was into a lot the rest felt less so
WALLA WALLA BING BANG 😂😂😂
It looked like a tubi movie
Shit not again. I actually liked GotG3. Apart from that, havent really enjoyed anything afted Endgame. It's too bad, those first 23 were mostly good and rewatchable. Cant be bothered with any MCU as of late.
That part with the singing to speak does sound pretty cringe ngl
I don't plan on seeing the movie... and I have seen every Marvel movie, even the eternals... good luck disney
Fun fact: Disney actually has an AI division in its company. Weird thing is theyre hiring.
Jeremy's character development over the past 10 years is 10x better than the character development from the MCU post Endgame.
The stone she has in her hammer is called the Panderstone.
they scrap book their movies thats why they feel like they are ai generated
Guardians 3 was amazing. I’m not watching the Marvels specifically because I know there’s going to be pandering.
bro you just did a pitch meeting skit. you might be invited for a cameo there so expect it lmao
I’ve devoted hours of my life to the MCU, I’M NEVER GIVING IT UP!!! Even if it HAS gone down in quality!
Damn! I was really looking forward to this. 😢
it wasn't hard to tell from the trailers.....age of ultron fooled alot of ppl with the trailers but this one was pretty transparent what it was respect for that at least.......
Iman Vellani really is one of the all time best casting choices in the MCU right next to Robert Downy Jr. She's so much like Kamala and her performance in her dedicated series was incredible too. It's such a shame though her first big screen debut was such a letdown.  I might catch it when it comes to streaming just for her.
Can’t wait for the “this isn’t meant for 30-40 white dudes”  Unless of course a white dude gives it a good review.. then all of sudden it is…
nice south park refference! you are the best
Another marvel fail. They should bring more good writer 😂 . Feige need to realize Something now. With loki have good review and all movie except GOTG have bad review
Yeah I was shocked how much I liked the Ms Marvel series 🤷🏻‍♂️
Bring back the Russo brothers.
As always Jeremy comes with the truth bombs.
The Marvels: Sitting. Eating. Talking. Sharing.
Iman Vellani as Ms. Marvel is god-tier
I appreciate this blunt, direct and honest review. The MCU needs realize that a lot of us are beyond just accepting their mediocre to poor content. It's not enough
I haven't watched the all of ms marvel, but i thought kamala khan did pretty good in that show for what i've seen and i admit i was hating on her/the show before I tuned in. great review as usual!
"put a chick in it... make her gay and lame"
What if they take a rest and it’s still the same? 😂
Worst MCU movie has to be Black Panther 2. Mindlessly replaced both Iron Man and Black Panther with purely inferior versions of the original. Pretty sure Iron Man never had a "mantle to be passed down" in the comics (he actually became an immortal android).
Quality over quantity...
I appreciate the honesty. You are a REAL critic. Never planned on watching The Marvels, but this video made me glad I subbed to your work.   I also agree that Marvel needs to take a break. Oh, and STAR WARS, too.
The writers are all women and their credits are pretty mid. This story never had a chance.  They spend so much money on CGI and ads but they won't hire good writers. I don't get it.
Didn’t rocket blow up that hammer?
Me just sad that Ryan George didn't appear when Jeremy Jahn cut to his pitch meeting.
Wait! What new South Park episode???😮
Well I’m glad I didn’t go see Captain Marvel. Just new Brie would suck ass. And I’m proud to say I’m not going to get suckered into giving out money for this movie either.
I came  here just to see someone  rip this movie a new butthole
Disney: Quantity over quality Short term gains that damages the overall franchise ? Sign em up.
That’s a woman?!?!?!  Looks like the dude from scrubs in a wig
Put a chick in it. Make her gay!
Honestly they should’ve ended it after endgame and have spiderman continue and finish his trilogy
3:36 To be fair the Character is a Male in the Comics, so Naturally He was Gender Swapped for like... *Reasons.*
Jeremy just pulled a Dr Cox from Scrubs moment with his delivery of "what is it... you do here" 🤣
Absolute Gold @ 3:20 hahahaha
stick a chick in it and make her lame
Who else isnt gonna watch and just wait for mauler to make a 3 hour unbridled rage video about it
I was super not interested in seeing this EXCEPT for Ms. Marvel. Still not going to see it now that you said all this. I agree.
It’s still gonna be a hit, … outside America.
lol an ad for the movie after you tear it apart. <chefs kiss>
Is there after credit scene and is the credit scene better than the movie itself??
Oh deary me...
Im going to see it for Iman.  The girl is living her dream of just being a Marvel character and I can imagine how excited she was the entire time just habing fun.  Hopefully we will see more of her in the future.
Jeremy should have just given the spoiler, cause I highly doubt anyone here gives a fuck enough to go pay to see this movie.
All I can say is… what the heck happened to marvel?  I get the burnout (I.e. people getting fatigued from seeing too many super hero movies), but the movies have been SO BAD.  I remember being so excited when a marvel movie was coming out, so much so that I refused to watch the trailers because I didn’t want to be spoiled anything.  Now they are more so miss than hit nowadays.   I did enjoy spiderman and guardians post endgame, but everything else has just made me sad.
The whole leaning into the comedy aspect of all of this is bizarre since its the more emotional heartfelt movies that have, as far as I know....done the best. Why the Russo brothers style of making these movies isn't the base line I have no idea...... Or rather ok Taika you can have these comedy bits but the foundation of the movie still needs to hit certain emotional beats....which were lacking in the last 2 Thor films. The MCU is being too disneyfied. I don't Marvel needs to take a break but they need to have a much better strategy to what they are doing. One of the nice things about Marvel Studios under netflix going on while the MCU was going is that it was MCU adjacent. Some cross over with events but you didn't need to watch Daredevil or Avengers to understand what was going on in either. Fiege in his misguided disgust with Marvel Studios on Netflix has led to this convoluted incoherently intertwined mess. They need to disconnect the shows from the movies. Have the shows be about street level hero's and drama and the movies be about big cosmic threats or avengers threats or much bigger villains.
I can't wait to see this movie!     On DVD in the bargain bin at Big Lots. 😆
The Ronin the accuser chick probably only got the role cause she’s Tom Hiddleston’s Wife 👀
Go woke go broke girl power😂
This is why I love Jeremy. He can rip a movie to shreds and never once mention the race or gender of the characters. This is the difference between good-faith criticism and the bad-faith criticism from a racist with a British accent.
CM and wakanda were doodoo as well
this movie should have ended with Rogue killing Captain Marvel and stealing her powers.
Please do a spoiler review!
Peak MsheU
3:43 easy ....barely an inconvenience.
yes yessss I can feel you anger!!! they are defenseless strike them down with your hatred and your journey towards WHAT WE ALL FEEL LIKE willl be complete.
It's sad. The only marvel film I'm looking forward to us Deadpool 3 and I'm hearing bad things about it already
I like the part where they synchronize their cycles to destroy the villain
It was lighthearted fun. Shoehorning into multiverse stuff is just getting old though.
Were did we go so wrong
It's official im not going to see this movie.
Looks like the cutting edge of suck
K.E.V.I.N. is the A.I. making the marvel shows and movies. You should watch ms marvel its not that good lol
Put a chic in it and make her gay!!!
I gotta say I have not continued with movies and such unless I see something that captures my attention. I’m done with Marvel since last year im not excited about it, not that I was a huge fan but I definitely don’t care about marvel now, I only really cared about certain IPs.    I gotta say now more than ever im not interested in super hero movies. They all follow the same formula and they just all seem to have a generic story, boring villain, and forced romance. Not to mention the way comedy has absorbed these stories so they feel self aware. I won’t watch this movie but I prefer knowing your thoughts on it.
AI would do a better job... Since you'd actually have to train the bot on the SOURCE MATERIAL.
Yeah it's written by A.I.... Actual Imbeciles 🫤
The Plot: We made alot of money before. Let's do it again. If only we had two highly anticipated movies to sandwich this in between.
I assumed the idea would be the gilded nature of meeting your heroes. Monica idealized Carol and then she disappeared, I doubt that didn't leave a sour taste in her mouth. Kamala still does idealize Carol and Carol doesn't really strike me as the fan club type. It's not hard to write this movie.
Hey! Don't lump this crap with actual AI written stories at least the ai stories are better
on the bright side, at least you know why you should watch Ms Marvel now.
Remember Dune 2 was supposed to come out around this time. We got this crap
Honest Trailers called it with their MCU Trailer.
I thought I was watching Power Ranger  half way down the movie.  Half of the movie are flash back scene and cameo(s). BTW, did Kamala changed her cloths during the first round swap?
Youtube Christmas has started...can't wait for Critical Drinker and Nerdrotic's reviews next!!!
"Post Endgame DLC" 😂
I've been thinking this is gonna be Marvel's first big bomb. No one really likes Captain Marvel and with the declining quality of each movie I just feel like no one wants to watch it.
Ms. Marvel was terrible.
I made a joke review for this movie before it came out, and the whole joke was I didn't even watch the movie i was just guessing, but somehow everything I said was right it seems
"Make it a chick, and make her gay!" Check
Trust me when I say that Ms Marvel is VERY fun. It's 8 episodes of Iman Vellani being what she is in Marvels.
Monica should’ve been captain marvel from the start. But no white woman has to be the first woman led superhero marvel movie.
Watched it yesterday. It's 10 times better than Love&Thunder ... make of that what you will.
This movie is such a disgrace.
"MCU needs to take a break" - yea if they do this then I don't wanna see more of Hulk, Thor, Iron Man, and spiderman. Bring out new heroes...
Speaking of Loki... The villain is actually his IRL wife.
Ai actually writes better than this.
MCU was great and now it's time to move on. Everything has an end
The trailer they put out had my jaw on the floor. It felt like I was sent back to 2005, marvel needs to stop now.
Need to check out Marsh Kings daughter
“Put a chick in it. Make her lame and gay."
Not surprised.... This movie is another chapter of the downfall of MCU post the End Game! This movie was doomed and looked bad from posters to trailers! Another flop is incoming.....
hahahahahaha
props for the South Park shoutout
That was an A tier Office Space reference, it did not go unnoticed good sir
Writers strike...
Would love to see a ms marvel review jeremy as mid or dogshit mcu and d+ content has been ms marvel has alot of charm and really great cinematography tone yes its not perfect but the way it intergrate pakistani desi culture into this phenomenon on superpowers its refreshing and iman valenaini is great and it showcased some potential that shang chi teased which we probably will never get but
I trust jeremy and no doubt its sub par but phase 4 has been overall pretty good. No way home, multiverse of madness, wakanda forver, qauntamania and shang chi  all good times. I do agree though marvel is like a gf that sucks you off every day great in theory but it gets boring in reality.
another MeeToo BULLSHIT movie! Marvel is falling at a rapid rate. hope this movie bombs
baddie doing baddie tings
hmm
Pushing characters that few people want. MSHEU, taking male fantasies and trying to make them feminist icons. NO THANKS!
Reported for misogyny
The real rating system is the thumbnail facial expression
Wait how do we really know this film was written by AI? Did the director say that?
It’s written by feminists. What are you talking about?
havent seen it but if its this bad pretty sure AI would do a better job😂
The MCH doesn’t need to take a couple years. It needs to listen to the fans, hire writers who have actually read the comics, and stop being lazy.  Or bring back the staff or writers and producers from Phase 1 so they can show the new writers how it’s done.
It's a great, fun, charismatic movie.
It is really important to note how much an actress was good in a MArvel film and that needs to be heard!
Nah yall still watch mcu 😂😂😂 im over the movies and shows that make it seem like home work, South Park was right Disney CEO: FUCK IT PUT A CHICK IN IT MAKE HER LAME!!!!!
Tbh tho I feel like if James Gunn did a singing planet you’d like it lol. I mean did you like the whacky music battle in doctor strange ?
I still think that after Endgame they gave us the Midnight Sons. Give all heroes in Endgame bar the Guardians of the Galaxy a rest, permanently, focus on Shang-Chi, darken it a little, then Blade, Ghost Rider and introduce Wolverine and the Xmen. But from 2019 have it all in production over the next 6 to 8 years for the first film of each.
😂😂😂😂😂 this is why I stay subbed great review
Iman need to be cast in One Piece season 2
People aren't going to miss them if they take a few years off.
yea, so uhh...of course this happened. It's garbo cause ya know, making a good movie for females is apparently bad for females. that and its probably not funny.
Still not monetised
Yah AI wouldn't write something this bad actually AI writes pretty good movies
$300 millions to make a crappy movie! What a mess!
Sounds like a mediocre game based on a movie that’s based on a comic
After End Game disney should have given the MCU a break for five years. Thenn come back with X-Men or Fantastic Four. Make it an event. Instead they flooded it with lackluster films with D list characters and reduced it to a TV franchise. Having a few years break from the MCU now won't help it. The franchise has been sullied too much. Like Terminator and Alien. No one cares anymore.
no post credit in it, more like a simple „funny“ sound in the end
Had to watch this review away from my kids do to all the cussing. I'm starting to think this was a bad movie lol
I sawed Its like we watching another episode of ms marvel 🫠
Put a chick in it, make her gay!
Spoilers please 🙏 😊
didnt they replace the origional actress?
As soon as I knew there was that Credit scene I congratulated myself. I saved myself 10 bucks
Put a woman in it and make her lame and gay!
Go woke go broke 😂
Haven't seen it. Never gonna watch it. Least favorite MCU movie 'Eternals'. Yes, you forgot about that didn't ya. Wuf!
Jeremy Jahns you should really give the first episode of Miss Marvel a chance. It is highly stylized and clearly has a vision behind it. The problem is they didn't allow the two directors of the first episode to continue with the rest of the show. The rest of the episodes a very blah. And certainly having none of the magic the first episode does have. It is definitely an homage to Scott Pilgrim with that whole mood behind it.  If they would have continued allowing the two directors to run the whole show it would have been really good. And stylization is something the MCU is certainly lacking. Anywho you should really give the first episode of chance and yes all the charm of the actress is totally apparent there. The actress in real life is a Marvel info machine and a complete fangirl of Marvel including the comics. It's truly impressive the amount of knowledge and love she has for it.
5:30 Because they weren't using their powers at the same time, which quickly became clear as a rule, was almost immediately after explicitly explained as such by Monica on-screen, and shown in practice during the training montage.
MCU artists, writers, producers who spent hours and time working: "You've made your point....but I don't care." If you want fiction catererd to your opinions, go and start your own franchise.
Well we have come to point that i feared. Where video games and movies have intersected. So long good entertainment.
This is why I love this guy, doesn't hold back on movies like this. Great review, and hilarious! 😂
Such an anticipated review. Thank you!!!!
Seriously damn, first film was bad and now the second is too? Idk what else they can do with Carol Danvers
The muslim girl seemed annoying as heck in the trailer so if she's the best part of the film they really didn't convey that well in the advertising.
the thing is y'all keep saying you have marvel fatigue but keep watching the films? it doesn't matter if its good or bad right? you're sick of seeing superhero movies; so why even go in when you're already prepared to hate it? and then bash it when you knew you weren't gonna like it in the first place? Just watch other things huh? Like, people love Invincible and The Boys so just watch that until Marvels next Avengers film, because after Endgame everybody just wanted every film to be Endgame when that's impossible. You cant get the same results with no build up but that's what people want. So they're trying to RUSH to get to that finish line but people are complaining about quality (rightfully so) and it's not working. Secret Wars is the soft reboot of the MCU so if you're all truly done then after that, I would DIP.
Singing planet was stolen from Star Trek
Thank you for bringing up the Infinity Stone.  I thought I was missing something because I've watched Guardians a billion times and knew the stone was the power of the hammer.
everything really kinda went south after Endgame huh
MCU is dead after GOTG3
Blade has to be the one movie to bring marvel back up to standards again just like it did in the beginning.
I long for the time when you could watch a Marvel movie without needing to read reviews because you knew you would enjoy it. Nowadays, it feels like there are just too many disappointing movies (in my opinion).
Kamala is great but the rest is hot trash much like the rest of their library post end game... but of course no we are just sexists we're the problem lol
I don't even care enough to torrent this garbage, like I did part 1.
Dont be afraid to call this Dog shit Jeremy.
Generous. We all know it's dogsh**
The movie was dog shit Jeremy. Somebody had to pay you off.
The "cat part" was the only fun thing about the film...
Not watching until it goes on netflix or disney plus
MCU died with Tony
I think the MCU taking a break right now would be a waste. They really need to commit to their new characters. In general, the new characters have been really good, whereas their biggest missteps have been with their older characters. Yea, there are some outliers, but I don’t think the MCU would benefit from centering characters like Ms. Marvel, Kate Bishop, and Shang-Chi rather than Dr. Strange, Thor, and Captain Marvel.  It’s clear that Marvel is going to restructure the Multiverse saga. In that restructure, they should actually commit to building a Young/New Avengers team. We already have the beginnings of that, with Wong reaching out to Shang-Chi and with America Chavez in his care. Let him and Banner assemble and lead the next Avengers team off the field, with Sam being their leader on the field.
Put a chick in it, make her lame and gay!!!
I heard that Scrubs imitation. A+
Jeremey a CRITIC. Who cant tell what a plot is in a film. How is that possible. How are you a certified critic if you can’t explain the plot lol cmon Jeremy. I usually agree with you. But this review sounds like it was pre filmed before viewing 😂
I didn’t know Americans said veg instead of vague
Jeremy not pulling any punches anymore.
Any thoughts on The Holdovers movie?
Man!!!!! I did not want to click this video based off thumbnail. Was looking toward this movie and knowing it sucks sucks
They explained the swapping. They have to use their powers at the same time. That's what the whole "1, 2, 3...go!" scene was all about. Also, while the story could have been developed more, it wasn't just "bad guy doing bad things." There was a reason, and it involved Carol.  I swear, it feels like you just hate-watch these movies without actually watching them. Because the above details were pretty obvious. So if these were gripes, they were willfully ignorant ones.  And the movie was meant to be a goofy comedy start to finish. How was the cat...thing inconsistent tonally?
Re Ms Marvel- going by just the trailers and released clips for this movie, it looks like they've changed her personality a lot from the show. In the show, she was pretty quiet, and she took her powers relatively calmly. But in the movie trailers she's always acting like an excited fangirl. I mean, she didn't squeal over the cute boy in her show the way she does for freakin' Nick Fury in the movie clips, lol.
Black Girl Magic! RIP MCU
Have to say, funny you mention/asked if the film was written by AI. I live in New Zealand and work in documentaries, the actors' and writers' strikes haven't really affected too many people here (lots of local productions happening quite happily here) but I understand why they are striking and totally support them. Having said that, as I live on the other side of the planet where the studios have not even close to the resources that the big Hollywood studios have, it was hard to really get a feel for the problems at hand... that is until I recently visited Disneyland in Europe while on holiday and saw A LOT of implementation of AI, the biggest offender being Captain Marvel complete with Brie Larson's likeness and voice. I only figured out it was an AI replication when I noticed she wasn't blinking. Scary times. Anyway, just thought I'd share this.
This is one of your worst reviews….but evidently it is because it appears the film is a total mess. I’m definitely not seeing it.
I actually enjoyed the movie XD loved khamala in this one so much and that setup in the mid credits has me stoked for the future of the MCU
Put a Chick in it, and make her lame and gay!
Jeremy… you have no idea how much this storm of “anti-sjw” fans will LATCH onto your review and negatively impact cinema. They will hate this movie for the wrong reasons.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 There's no way I'm wasting one second watching this woke dumpster fire. I'd rather watch a 12 hour Taylor Swift concert. I'd rather listen to Nickelback for the rest of eternity
He’s the best YouTube reviewer period not critical drinker not Chris stuckman YOUUUUUUU!
Watch out Jeremy!!! You’re a white male giving your honest opinion on a female lead movie! You’re going to get cancelled on Twitter or whatever it’s called now, for sexism!
Holy shit every 5th comment is licking iman vellanis ass.
As a public service, I'm going to explain what the deal is with the swapping.  Have you noticed that things in MCU movies kinda sorta refer to something in the comics but is not quite the same? Well, the first, male Captain Marvel got his powers from the Nega-bands (referenced in Kamala's bracelets) but due to cosmic shenanigans those bands got in the hands of one Rick Jones. Since then, when Rick slammed them together, he would switch places with Captain Marvel. The active person would be in the physical universe, the other one would go to a pocket dimension. By the way, they could still talk to each other.  So the swapping places in The Marvels is something of a reference to that dynamic, in a more crippling, three superpowered stooges kind of way.
The Marvels, never heard of it, is that a feminine hygiene product😁
The MCU now feels like blockbuster trying to reopen and include an arcade section. Or DLC that was a good metaphor too 🤣
I legitimately gave up on Marvel movies within the first 30 minutes of Spider-Man 3: Multitude of WTF. For me, the MCU ended with End Game. I just can't do it, anymore.  Luckily, the new Batman movie kept me hungry for more. So I still have my childhood favorite Superhero to look forward to.
💩🍋🚽🔕🛵
MCU try not to destroy their franchise challenge (impossible)
The only other time I have seen Jeremy this frustrated was when he launched his debut transformers review video.
😂 just got an ad for this movie before the video played
The genre is exhausted. You're right, MCU should've taken a break after endgame and let people miss it and continue to speculate. But no, instead they drag every thing and thought trash will become gold if they're the one producing it. I worry for X-Men and F4. They will again bomb just like its predecessors.
this is why I subscribe to Jeremy cause he creatively give us his honest opinion without giving us his complete opinion lol other than stuckman is clearly bought off cause he wants to be a director lol
Movie so bad he made a pitch meeting in the middle.
ign gave this movie an 8/10 lmao
You need to watch Loki Season 2 if you want a high quality MCU content.
Feel kinda bad for brie larson, they have not written her character well at all even with the first film. It’s been a jumbled mess for so long now, no wonder she wants out.
The problem I have with this movie is 2 of the 3 leads I do not know who they are because I have not watched the Disney Plus shows they star in.
Least favorite MCU movie was ant man 3 I was so sad not to love it I love Paul Rudd but it was so forgettable
Can we finally say safely that the first CM sucked balls without being labelled sexist?
RIP MCU 😢
IGN gave this an 8/10 my god 🤦🏼‍♂️
I am kind of just done with all things Disney at this point. I will watch reviews here but I cannot be bothered to watch another no thought overly political no story garbage film.
So I'm guessing you just didn't bother to pay attention as no film in the MCU has a difficult plot to follow. You're a film critic, paying attention to the film is your job, do better.
DUCK TALES
What Jeremy said about the villain is in line with south park panderverse.  Put a woman in it and make her gay and lame
Love the ending!
Lmfao about the south park episode
Even though DC essentially tried to copy what Disney/Marvel was doing with their formula, ive enjoyed the DC & DCEU movies much more.  Sadly they didnt $ perform nearly as well as Marvel movies have.
I was not going to watch this review, because I already was going to pass on seeing it.  I am glad I watched this review.  You just re-inforced my pre-existting biases, it reinforced them.  You are still the best movie reviewer out there.  Keep up the exceptional body of work.
It’s like we made it through “Endgame” and everyone was like, “Thor: The Dark World” is the worst MCU movie! Disney was like, “Hold my beer!”
I feel bad for Iman Vellani, imagine being a fan of Marvel as a kid landing the role of a character they promise will be a main player in the marvel movies only for the writing to suck, the direction to suck, and interest in Marvel at an all time low when you finally get to go to work doing what should be a dream job.
What would make a good movie?  lets make endgame but make everyone girls..  Thanos too,  Yep girl thanos.  Worked for ghostbusters.
And I can't get my movie or show idea made😢.
Hahahaha ouch
To be fair I think at this point marvel needs a reboot or they really need to focus into a new saga.
I need the Spoiler Talk to know how dumb this movie got without having to watch it myself
I’m going to see this movie because my friend loves Brie Larson I’ve never been less excited for a movie. I wish there was a great storyline that happened to have women in it instead of make a movie that has women and attempt to create a story around it.
Any MCU burnout is on Marvel not fans. If they stop for a couple years and bring back this trash I still will be annoyed. If they listen to fans and just do the stuff youtubers have already built consensus around the fandom wanting to see, they would do better than they are now even with crappy writers!
NGL first time I heard it was bad I thought it was incel trolls just review bombing, next thing I know I am throwing up on how stupid and nonsensical this movie is, I mean I thought Quantumania was bad but this is utterly the lowest we have hit in the MCU.
Just finished the movie shout out to certain blue beast
I'll preface my comment by saying this movie could indeed be trash BUT I feel folks are emptying the clip on a dead corpse. I've seen so many JJ reviews of bad movies, none where he needed a swear jar. Everyone, including myself, is displeased w/ Marvel, we get it.
Glad to see you went to see “Experience it in IMAX”.
One of your most funniest reviews… love the Duck Tales reference.
Poop movie
My least favorite MCU movie was Captain Marvel... it's only fitting that the sequel takes it's slot.
Based on the trailers alone, I knew this was a mess. The story was unclear, them swapping places when they used their powers felt like a gimmick, because each one obtained their powers very differently, so how or why was that happening? Makes no damn sense, and I’m not that curious to go see it to find out. The story, if there is one, feels like a first draft from a new writer.
I love Ms. marvel that’s why I want to see it!
Was hoping for the best, expecting the worst on this one 😔
See I was never gonna see this movie. I was certainly never gonna pay for it. Thank you for explaining why. This is why I watch you man. Cuz you watch the stuff I don’t have to
They needed to stop at the Endgame and focus on the X-Men + Fantastic Four universe, but no they were in full confidence to fill the mediocrity of Disney+
Why does Jeremy still do MCU reviews? They're taking his soul out. He should pay attention to good movies
2.33...that is a spot on 'Scrubs' reference!...and now I want one in every video going forward...😎
I refuse to watch woke crap.
This is the first time I've heard Jeremy completely go in on a film (a MCU film at that) so this film must be really be the bottom of the barrell.
"Put a chick in it, make her gay"
Under 2 hours in these days, usually meant bad movie.
It’s so sad what the MCU has become
It baffles me that they literally cast the PERFECT Ms Marvel and have done NOTHING with her... Iman Vellani truly deserves so much better.
U have to watch the ms marvel show to understand  I agree the villain was weak  But watching this movie  This is for woman  And it was a good uptempo movie  Which he fail to mention  If u want a slow burn  This ain’t the movie u should watch  And it’s only hour 45 runtime  215 adding previews and 2 post credit scenes which was really good  But overall a lot of females will love this film  I didn’t love it but I really like it  And they got alot of chick shit  Tht the women will get  And if u watch it was alot of clever metaphors they did with the film which he miss  @jeremyjahn  U have to stop low key promoting the slow burn movies  U give praises to them type of movies
Are they turning these movies into successful games?  It feels like they are trying to develop something outside of cinema - and I just don't know what it is.
Did they put a chick in it? And was she gay?
I actually enjoyed it a lot! But my expectations were extremely low and I couldn’t care less about this movie. So went out with a sort of fulfilment I didn’t expect. Not so bad as people say it is imo but not incredible either.
SENSATIONAL - FUTURE VC.
it all ended at "ENDGAME", for me.
Can actors sue a studio for creating a stupid movie that'll tarnish their careers?! I think somebody's got a case, here.
no interest in anything disnee  teehee great review
Wtf Man 😂😂😂😂 that escalated quickly
Wait they pulled a Rise of the Silver Surfer
For no one's surprise, the movie sucks lol
Feels like the writers just wrote this last minute, like a late school project.
Black girl magic!!!!😂😂😂
After the disappointing that was Quantumania, im so happy we finally got a great movie that builds up to Secret Wars, they made Captain Marvel more fun and relatable. This movie is Captain Marvel's Thor:Ragnarok -   I give the movie a strong 7/10
Meh, I'm still going to go see it, I've seen every Marvel film, I'm not going to stop now
I think they made up the villian she wasn’t in comics
Please no setup Movie this film is like Captain Marvel 3 and you are going wait was there a 2 and I missed it?
Put a chick in it n make it gay n lame .... 😂😂😂😂
Why do I always mistake Brie Larson for Amber Heard.
I haven't seen it yet but as soon as I saw the trailer it looked cringe and I could tell this movie was going to be horrible
Sir, i take offense to implying that this movie was written by AI....AI would have come up with a MUCH better movie than this
Well this is Marvel declining. They had a legendary run. But it's over now.
How do you scew up marvel when you have all the characters and stories Already done🤦🏼‍♂️
I can't believe the editing mistake of the scene where Carol sheded a tear and then next second the tear was gone, like what? And the whole story I was more convinced by Monica's power than Carol's, and it's called Captain Marvel 2?🤷
My least favorite villain has to be Kang the Conqueror. All the other bad villains were at least disposable enough that they only appeared in one movie; Kang was shockingly underwhelming in both performance and writing, and yet we're clearly stuck with him for the foreseeable future, whether they recast him or not. But in Ant-Man: Quantumania, I rolled my eyes through the back of my head when they showed a stadium full of manic rejects with his face and different makeup. It looked incredibly amateurish, and I was soooo bored with his presentation. I was a lot more entertained by the High Evolutionary and I wish they would have swapped the actors for those two roles.
The villain is married to Loki in real life, that’s all I’m saying
I knew it was going to be bad, but I never thought it'd be jeremy looking "pissed & disgusted thumbnail" Bad.
Oh dear...
GTK..  thanks
After Endgame, the MCU should've of taken Captain America's lead and had a life; moved on
Yes!! South Park absolutely nailed everything in it! For real can we get a review on that episode. God dam it was so good haha
put a chick in it and make her gay... character development solved
got a marvels ad before this
I keep saying it. MCU would not have accomplished what it did up until endgame without the Russo bros. Take the Russo bros movies out and MCU is just bad to mid at best.
Will you review gen v
Conspiracy theory here. Marvel/Disney is dumping "large amount" of money on their films but it's not the actual costs of the movie. It's possible they are laundering it somewhere as an investment.
AI writing isn’t *good* but it takes human hubris to make the horrible stuff we’ve been getting. AI writing is like water in an un rinsed milk bottle, current Hollywood is more like expired milk.
The mcu downfall is more entertaining than the movies🍿
How did you get that exclusive footage from the marvel boardroom 😲
No it's dog shit! Go ahead and say it. Don't be scared.
Movie looked bad from everything they have shown
This movie looks horrible....like all the marvel crap after end game.
3:22 Pitch Meeting Cross over! Pitch Meeting Cross over! Pitch Meeting Cross over!
Thanks God I stop watching after Dr Strange MOM
AI could probably write a better movie, that’s why the writers/actors are striking and against it  cuz they know AI will do better😅… kidding y’all
Carol Danvers is a black hole, she ruins everyone she comes into contact with. Glad to hear at least Ms. Marvel survived her.
My main takeaway from the reviews so far is that Iman Vellani the star of the show. I'm glad she's killing it cause off camera she's a genuine, kind person who seems to have a lot of passion towards this.
Brutal. Appropriately brutal. Thanks, Jeremy!
You are a BEAST,  Jeremy!!!  Keep it coming!!!  Love the "straight to the point" and "truthful" reviews!!!
"Put a chick in it and make her gay... and lame!"
Bringing back Ronan The Accuser as a female villain is super easy,  barely an inconvenience
Interesting. Jeremy and two other critics are my most trusted sources and they all have had complete opposites reactions. Guess i’ll judge for myself
If Kamala Kan is the best thing in this film the MCU is in a crap load of trouble.
LOVE the South Park reference, Panderverse was awesome and kinda sad because it's so true...
Thor love and thunder broke me. I just can't stomach any more MCU, let alone how much more they want to do. I'm tapped out, I'm done.
Thank you for taking one for the team. This will be the first marvel movie I don't watch. Which says lots, because I've watched everything post-Endgame for free. I won't even watch this movie for free.
Just think. They could've made nextwave movie instead....
Do a spoiler review, because why not?
CGI induced live action projects can’t hold a candle to the animated projects being put out right now.
No wonder you have more subscribers than that idiot Grace Randolph cause you always tell it as it is in your reviews and never bend the knee to the ‘you know what’ mob, but also give so many legitimate criticisms and reasons leaving politics aside in your reviews. Jeremy, you’re the best film reviewer on YouTube. I was never gonna watch this film regardless, but it was such a pleasure watching your review of this atrocity. I’m so glad people like you exist especially in these awful times. The last time I went to the movie theater to watch a Marvel movie was when I watched No Way Home (which I loved).  I was done with the MCU a long time ago.
Marvel is hard to follow.  Is Captain Marvel suppose to be the most powerful superhero of them all ?  Well, doesn't look like it !  And how about the vilains.  Kang ?  Dar-Benn ?  They look like chicks beside Thanos.  And I'm not sure about the musical number in the film.  Anyone remember the singing episode (Subspace Rhapsody) in Star Trek Strange New Worlds Season 2 ?  What a embarrassment that was.
Jeremy and stuckmann Only reviewers left i trust😎
she hulk was great and they had me ready for this new world but now its just lame with no imagination
Jeremy did Scrooge McDuck dirty with that analogy
Would have been better as a tv season  but major props to Iman Vellani because she’s infectious
Vamos a esperarla a que salga en Disney+
We need a real good Hulk movie   one where he kicks the shit out of everybody
Disney got to you too 😮😮😮
The only thing that hampers Ms. Marvel in the MCU is the fact that her powers completely changed. In the comics, the powers were a part of her and served as an image into her mental state. Particularly, how she, as a Pakistani Muslim woman, feels the need to change herself to fit the hero archetype set by heroes of the past. I'm interested to see where they go with this but that's a huge detriment to the amount of development that can be afforded to her. Iman Vellani is an amazing casting for Kamala though.
"Put a chick in it and make her gay" --Kathleen Kennedy
It feels like the MCU has been dead for three years yet some villain is still parading its corpse
Brooo this video popped off! I think people love to see a proud Marvel nerd like Jeremy rip into bad films
the South park reference 😂
02:34 Scrubs reference?
These crappy superhero films have to end now.
Jeremy Jahns is trying to do the bad movie review of The Hunger Games: The Ballard of Songbirds and Snakes, for next week, yeah!?
You have never been a good reviewer.
really respect you for being brutally honest about this. ppl are so pissed when this movie is criticised
Finally the world is waking up to the fact that these movies have always been trash
So "Like Father Like Son" did the swap concept better?
What watch are you wearing in the video, really like it.
Jeremy channeling his inner Ellis from Die Hard with that pitch meeting parody haha...well done sir
To be honest, I was never really excited for this film. I didn't watch the trailers or the TV spots nor did I watch the interviews with the actresses or the crew, because there wasn't a single reason to get excited for it, for me at least.
Feminism killed Hollywood and superhero movies
In Jeremy Jahns we trust
You gave five nights at freddy's a dog shit review but this one a   T minus one day?
3:10 She looked like the worst Marvel villain yet in the trailers. One of the many reasons I did not waste my money on this movie.
Honestly don't know why I'm going to see this 😭😭😭 guess i love wasting money
I appreciate your honesty. Most critics shill for Disney and are afraid to say what they really think.
Youtubers are going to have a field day roasting this one. 🍻🍻
I feel so genuinely bad for Iman Velani man, she’s so perfect as Ms Marvel and her show was pretty good, but I at this rate, it doesn’t feel like she’s ever really gonna get a chance to be a part of a truly amazing mcu project.
They should have buried this like batgirl, cut their loses. You're so right: everything after Endgame is like bad DLC. 😒
3:11 If you would have seen "Ms Marvel" on Disney Plus, you wouldn't call this movie's villain the worst in the MCU. Trust me, that shit show was even worse...  People adore Kamala Khan, and I just can't see that. Her series was the absolute lowest bar in the MCU. I guess that's why I don't give two shits about her character being in this movie.
Her character is similar to Peter theirchildlike and feel authentic
thnx for the review buddy
I’m pleased it’s as crappy as I thought it would be…… I will not watch this even when it’s free.
Marvel now is worst than Snyder verse BvS etc  It just survives purely on post Endgame Marvel movies quality  Change my mind
You just know Jermy's score for this movie in the first 30 seconds of this video 😂
I’m just sorry that you actually had to purchase a ticket and sit through the film for us
Even the best MCU films are bloated shite. Made for people who eat mild cheese sandwiches and weak coffee
I definitely agree with Jeremy, they need to just stop.. take a break for a few years,  figure out what they're doing with Kang and the tentpole Avengers films,  start shifting focus to the Xmen, FF and Dr. Doom.. well known characters that people will get excited about.  I'm not the biggest hater of Captain Marvel but she's not cut out to be a main hero, too divisive and honestly overpowered and just not interesting. And trying to get these other  B and C tier heroes in the spotlight isn't happening either,  imo. It worked for Iron Man coz RDJ is charismatic AF and made the character his own.. lightning in a bottle.
There is no good Waititi in the Marvel universe. None. Ragnarok was the start of the decline of that character.
Just saw it and it’s top 5 worst mcu projects along with Quantumania, Black Widow, Love & Thunder, She-Hulk
Please tell me Rogue showed up at the end of the movie. I would pay to see that 😂
Put a chick in it make her lame xD
Can you say I have a wet spot for someone without saying? I have a wet spot for someone
I saw a trailer for this before Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny and it was embarrassing what has happened to Marvel.
The funny thing is I don't think even if they took a break with cpt marvel anyone would miss her. She's been pretty disliked the entire time. She's been on screen.
I want to see a movie called John Wick Vs Jeremy Jahns. And if I had Elon money I'd fund it.
Entertaining review. The bit in the suit was a great surprise and optimal paste (it was fast). Keep on talkin, good sir! 👏
Right now they just staright up wont get my money. It still blows my mind that they were actually going to make Blade the 4th most important person in his own project
Yeah I won’t be seeing this. I skipped the last three MCU films and I hated Captain Marvel’s film so no I won’t waste time on this. It really pisses me off how they totally mismanaged Carol Danvers because she is one of my favourite X-men adjacent characters when she was Binary but what Marvel has done to her character in the last 8 years is just a travesty. Also wasting Photon in this trash is just as bad imo. 😒
Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame!
I think guardians of the gods l galaxy was the best but at the same time worse thing to happen to marvel. It's an amazing movie but because the comedy was successful I think disney have tried to replicate it every time... and not succeed
Put 3 chicks in it and make it lame…
I dont think you can have a least favourite MCU Villain because because in order for that to happen you have to remember them and so far they've done such a good job at making them practically nothing like their comic book counterparts that I honestly just forget them...
Least favorite MCU has gotta be Love and Thunder. When the series started going downhill it was the last movie I was still holding out hope for. Thor was the last character I still gave a shit about. And it let me down worse than I could've imagined.
I got a trailer for the marvels in this video LOL
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay !!!!
I quite enjoyed it. Nothing wrong with it at all imo, I see that I’m in the minority 2:13 -middle aged white male in Europe.
Nobody asked marvel to make this not even  the long awaited xmen couldnt save it
The Thanos trailer they released reeks of desperation and it's absolutely pathetic
Brie Larson. And for that reason, I’m out
I had no idea this movie even came out.
One of the movies ever made 😐
I decided to pass on this movie a long time ago. Thank you for reassuring me that I mad the right call.
Fact, this movie has been projected to have a box office opening of 40M to 62M, with a budget of over 250M, minus the advertising.  This will indeed be Marvel's biggest financial disaster. More than Ant Man 3, more than New Mutants, and more than all D+ Shows combined.
Besides the point i see better days ahead for them. Starting at Loki Season 2.
I honestly don’t think anyone would’ve mind if this review had some spoiler talk from Jeremy. Hell is anyone actually going to go see any of Marvels films?!
Its time for this stuff to be phased out! We dopnt need movies for every comic book character.
IGN gave the movie an 8
"What is it you do here?"  haha
Jeremy is going in!!!!!!
The fact that I got a Marvels ad before this video makes this experience perfect.
I want the Iman Vellani cut since every reviewer keeps saying she's the only good thing about the movie.
Imagine being Marvel and thinking everyone watched wandavision and ms marvel 😂
Startin a hate train woot woot
Sheeesh, you went into this hardddd hahaha.  Probably will wait for this movie to come out on Disney+ then.
Iman is so awesome. Definitely one of the best additions recently
Captain marvel problem Casting. Brie Larson is dry and uncharismatic and lacks sex appeal. Hey if females n gay dudes get superhero eye candy with captain America, so should bros n lesbo get something good to look at lol
Sadly AI would do a better job..
Honestly..ai probably can do a better job.
Black girl magic! 😂😂😂😂
Great! I was going to skip this film anyway.
Just spoil it no one’s gonna see this anyway
I can't stand Disney and this marvel screw up smh.
was there at least a dance-off?  I'll go if there is.
I’m new to your site :   That was a Pretty Good Review Sir .  Gonna subscribe .  I don’t watch MCU enymore  .  Wokeness and Bad writing the Cause . Loved Infinity war , last one I saw .   MCU phases are the Fn worked I’ve ever seen .      Hmmm the worst one huh …..    well Jeremy ,  The Iternals looked pretty Bad .  I saw a lot of the movies through other Movie Blogs for the record . (.  Nerdrotic , The Drinker Ryan Kennell exxx) .  So I did see a lot of most of the crap they’ve been spring forth blaaaaaahhhh . You think that after many failiers they would Catch on that nobody likes these films .   But no he is The Marvels , man thes ppl are Dumb ….. no said Have AGreat Day Jeremy ✌🏻🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦fromCanada Yeih …..
This is one of those I might watch it when it goes to Disney+
Spoiler review plzz
Lol, that Dr. Cox reference!
Critics running a neg train on Brie 🚂🚂🚂
Odd that you complain about them not doing anything new or different (Villain Hammer)....then lambast them for doing something new and different (singing planet). Interesting...takes.
New here, why are you wearing a McDonald's tshirt?
When the movies suck bro and the majority of the general viewership is on the same wave length of “not giving a fuck” I think it’s ok to place spoiler talk within the same video and simply leave it till the end of the vid with a reminder or something
Singing people sounds perfectly in line with something like Guardians of t...
More Woke garbage from Marvel
Only show I really care about post game is Loki, and I can't even bring myself to go back for the second season. (I might. But I'm in absolutely no rush.)
This is my review on The Marvels  "Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!" - Eric Cartman
Ai would be better tham the diversity hires  And there it is. Everyone wants to still seem woke so they praise the terrorist lgbt poc
Who else was expecting dogshit rating for this?
I should have expected that it'd be bad. Every big budget film had been moved due to the strike but this didn't.  Bet they kept the date so Disney could blame the low box office on the strike and the boycotts, not on the movie being bad.
When are people going to accept that Marvel just completely fucked the MCU post endgame (just like they're doing the modern comics runs) and stop paying attention to it?
The skit 😂😂😂
I didn’t even know this movie was out in theatres? Do I care to go see it no!
I had genuine curiousity to Monica rambeu ,,,,,, but they squandered it. Why do they keep pairing her up with these lame characters .kemala sucks as a character…. And Brie Larson ruined any  chances of us liking her take on CPT marvel lol
The South Park sarcasm moment had me. 😂. Nice review. Subbed.
Yup about what i expected lol
I gave credit to Kevin Feige during the first 3 phases of the MCU. I’m blaming him now.
2:29 that sentence made me think about Dr Cox from Scrubs^^ I don't know if it was on purpose but it made me laugh out loud
Wokesters can't make movies
Critics giving these ladies a bukkake
I always agree with JJ 99.9% of the time. Best film critic on Youtube hands down. Thanks, JJ!
The pitching skit is awesome 😂
It is so hard to pick a least favorite MCU villain when most of them are so badly written and executed...
You probably know about it already but just in case, give blue eyes samurai a watch!
Put a chick in it and make it gay!
IGN just gave it an 8…that check must have been big
If the movie is bad, _inclusion_ might save it for some US audiences, but not in RoW… we’re left with a bad movie and US-centric references we don’t get (ironically exclusionary!)  However if your movie is good, audiences new to the culture would find a new interest. But still, maybe don’t go heavy in the trailer (I’ve never heard the words “black girl magic”, had to Google).  Anyway! If you see US vs RoW sales diverging, that’s why.
0:15—Then instead of “Presented in IMAX,” it should read “GENERATED BY AI?”
Can we please get a drink together if you ever come to Dallas
That South Park joke was top tier, because you know thats exactly how Disney execs think
You do a great  Dr Cox!
I don't think Marvel will ever fully recover from how disastrous Disney+ has been for the entire Disney company
I'm not giving up on Marvel but cmon just hurry up and get Blade and the Xmen going then I'm sure it will improve.
This has woke written all over it; AI generation would have been much better, this is just horrible writers. I do recommend watching Ms Marvel. I didn't expect much, and knew it was going to be for the younger fans, that being said it was an enjoyable series.
I totally think that since 3 quarter of the human population hates Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, why not just turn her into a villain.  That should be the plot of this movie, I dare say I would respect Disney if they had the balls to do that.
I didn't even know this movie exists until late last night when I saw 5 seconds of a trailer and went, hmm I guess there's another marvel movie
I agree. It is overproduced. I just have a bad feeling. I see the law of diminishing returns flexing its muscles over superhero movies; and that's a shame. It's been slumping since End Game; and I think the very predictable resurrection of RDJ as Iron Man could turn this thing around. It's the lesson the Halloween franchise learned after no Michael in Halloween III. You need your star.
Iman Vellani is the only reason that this movie isn't dogshit level, she is literally the only thing stopping Jeremy from dogshitting this movie.
Disney sure spent a lot of money for me to enjoy a 9 minute review
😂😂😂 so wat the fu*k man
They really think people are that stupid to prise the crap they putting out now? The best of MCU is in the past, now all we're gonna  get is what South Park told us and we should reject it asap.
I dint even knew about this movie until few days ago when i saw a poster in a bus stop !
I mean come on. We all knew it would be bad lol
*Behold* The most anticipated movie          review in history!
Man this movie was bad
What South Park episode is Jeremy referencing at @3:40 ?
Love the cut away lol
I've been saying it for 5 years. The MCU died with Endgame. Disney has been beating a dead horse for 5 years.
1:09 Everything, Everywhere, Ever Changing
Dog sh!+
Thanks!
Marvel's been dead to me for years now
"You either die the most ambitious cinematic franchise of all time or live long enough to see yourself become a diluted parody of yourself" -The Joker (probably)
Someone tell me if there are xmen
Even AI can't make content this bad. It takes a legion of activists and talentless hacks pretending to be writers to make things this bad.
it's not dog shit? nice
I've seen every trailer for this movie, and I STILL don't know what the actual plot is. So hearing you say that worries me.
DuckTales would never do anything that stupid.
The MCU died with Tony.
Xmen beast wow
MCU movies I have already forgotten:  Eternals, Shang Chi (which is actually alright), Ant Man 3 (while watching, I forgot Wasp was is the movie. Her reappearance near the end surprised the heck out of me 😉)
The initial reaction reviews...all of them were positive sounding...all so scared of being labeled as sexist...racist..."fun" was used a lot
Jeremy is saving time and money again.  Thank you 😂
Jeremy in a different style of jacket… I’m scared.
Didn't you used to be a City Councilman in Pawnee, Indiana?
I will give them this. A planet where they only understand singing is a creative idea I haven't heard of before.
Nice Office Space reference!
The swapping concept is just plain stupid, for real.
What the fuck, ma?
3:35 PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY!!!
But but black girl magic
I'll watch this movie for Ms. Marvel.
you killed this review brotha
That singing episode was a transformers episode
Freaky Friday x Marvel. Who knew this was a crossover we didn’t need? The power swap mechanic could have been interesting if they kept it at that instead of trying a half-ass villain. I mean, how does it even work on a mechanical scale? It seems like it could be something with real consequences, but knowing how a lot of female characters are handled, there probably is no consequences. I mean, Scarlet Witch did kill a ton of people and basically got away for free.
iman is clearly a huge fan of marvel, not just the movies too. she's the only reason i wanna see this movie. she's honestly a joy to watch play kamala and i hope she does more work outside of marvel like tom holland
Love the office conversation about the villian 😂
Do a review for the episode of South Park
So you didn’t see beast in the post credit scene?
This Movie should have been called Captain Marvel: Secret Invasion kinda like Civil War where the story is focused on the main character but you have supporting characters aswell. This would have worked to make a new version of The Avengers in order for it to continue in Kang Dynasty and Secret Wars.
Iman Velani is what made me excited for this movie
No one cares about this movie, just spoil it.
Not getting my bucks.
Funny ass intro lol
So basically the movie is dog shit......no surprise.
Ms marvel is amazing she deserves a better movie
Thanks for this honest review. I was thinking I was going to watch this movie, but after watching your review I don't think I will. It's too bad too because I'm a big fan of Marvel, but this seems more like a Disney movie than a Marvel movie.
Jeremy trying to review a bad movie is fun to watch.
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE do a crossover with Pitch Meeting!!!
Dude I love your reviews for years especially as a ex Seattle person are you getting a paycheck to take your foot off the neck of a 100% movie you would of literally hacked off with a axe? No disrespect you were harsher on five nights with Freddy?????? Wait didn't they both share a ........ Nevermind still a fan and agree with most of what you said bro!!
Someone’s been watching Scrubs! Dr. Cox anyone? Not a criticism.
Well, I haven't really kept up with every MCU thing since Doctor Strange(2016), there are a few films I liked since then, but only a handful. So I think it's a bit unfair to say a film I haven't seen is the worst or anything past Endgame(which I didn't think was that great either, but I get the sentiment and like for that film and what it means to a lot of people). So from what I have seen, the worst MCU film is probably Ragnarok. Mind you, I didn't watch everything pre-doctor Strange either, so for example, I didn't see the Ant-Man films. I know a lot of people love Ragnarok but I just don't. Really haven't bothered with anything MCU since Endgame(Tv series included for certain) outside of No Way Home, so take that into consideration.
I feel really bad for Iman Vellani, I really wish this would have just been her solo movie but she has to share it with other less interesting characters
I love how Jeremy isn't even mad. Just, disappointed.
This why I watch this channel. He is not a corporate shill like other review channels. He tells the ugly truth.
6:37 ooh whoo oooh
Disney hiring incompetent writers and directors doesn’t really set them up for success lol. But they’re women! That’s all that’s needed… right?
"If I give 2 fucks!!" I fucking love you, bro!!! 😂😂😂
Problem is Marvel set their own bar very high and anything other endgame is a failure. These shows and movies haven’t been that bad and some have been really good but fans have been spoiled for a long time. Star Wars fans are the same way
Jeremy's review of the movie sounds better than the movie itself...Part 2 😁
There’s probably more views on this video than the movie😂.
I am watching this review for morbid curiosity's sake only Honestly didnt even know this movie was a thing. .
Great review Jeremy. Respect… Going to go into this movie with even lower expectations with my friend this weekend lol  Have you heard of Netflix’s new animated series BLUE EYE SAMURAI? If you haven’t please watch ASAP and please review it. I think you’d really enjoy it and I’d enjoy your review lol
They took Monica and messed her up...geez
5:29 - I saw someone mention that they only swap when they use their powers at the same time. If that’s true and you missed it that’s embarrassing for you.
Marvel phase 4 & 5: They did the costanza. Except when you're already astronomically successful and do the opposite, well we get here. Nobody cares about any of the characters in this movie and the audience they made the movie for ALSO doesn't care about super hero movies.
Lol never ever heard my man swear so much in a video 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 he's actually pissed.
My least favorite MCU film is without a doubt Thor Love And Thunder. It's SO bad, I really don't know what they were thinking, they wasted Lady Thor's story line and turned Thor into a bad punchline. Terrible film, terrible.
Wtf!! LOL
Movie is trash. MCU  sucks. Except loki
IGN gave The Marvels an 8 out of 10 score on their review. Ironically, the person who wrote that review is the same person who gave She-Hulk an 8 out of 10 review score. You cannot make this up.
I’m really glad to see a lot of people praise Iman. She definitely puts a lot of passion into her role. She fits the character of Kamala Kahn like a glove.
The one constant in these reviews (besides the fact that it's not very good) is that the Ms. Marvel actress was good. I hope, like the actress that played Supergirl in the Flash movie, they're able to survive this tripe and have fun careers with better projects and writing.
Thirty something dudes forget that Iron Man 2 SUCKED, Iron Man 3 Sucked. Doctor Strange 1 and 2 was OK. HULK movies 1 and 2 SUCKED. Captain America 1 was OKAY. Antman and Thor 2,  did not get the rave reviews. Captain Marvel has just 1 movie, plus (current) team up films. I think Marvel Studios has always had films with dark tones mix with family comedy. Dudes just cant connect to Marvel females.
Messed up to say I was more excited watching this video than that dumb@ss movie
That acting you did (in the middle, talking about how they brought back Ronan the Accuser) has more criativity than the last three tries of M-SHE-U
Another generic marvel movie. They dont know how to make good story.
Really no dogshit rating?
So basically wait for it on Disney+……..got it 😉👍🏾
Pitch meeting???
Why bother watching that woke garbage
Lol he qouted Dr Cox.
Put a chick in it, make it lame!
I disagree with the MCU taking a break, that is what the avengers movies are doing, and if they have the writing quality of Secret Invasion, people will hate it anyway.
There have been many bad screenplays for Marvel movies ever since The Eternals.
Didn't get a dogshit rating so I guess that is a success in a way?
"The Eternals" will forever be the worst movie Marvel ever number two'ed out......
All these people here complain about a movie most of you didn't watch. It was enjoyable, better than Captain Marvel #1. Surprisingly a good amount of really good comedy (and not Thor 4 kind of comedy)... it's a win for Marvel! Keep it going Fiege!   And FFS... The CGI WASNT BAD!!! Stop anal harpooning about it Jesus 🙄
Ms Marvel getting love for not being stoic and boring is wholesome af I love it
Ign gave it a 8🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡🤣🤣
What do expect and move with 3 female leads  and a female villain
Honestly lately any movie jermey reviews negative im excited for. Because usually i disagree
At least they saved you 30min by making the movie shorter. That’s a great deal for something you wont remember.
Another Caucasian male upset with Brie
hey, check out brie in lessons in chemistry-  its a good drama .. she a great dramatic actress . the mcu never really fit her style.
So glad I didn't read any reviews beforehand and went unbiased. It's by FAR not as bad as critics make it seem.   It's fun, energetic, great leads, good story and arcs but imo hurt a bit by the short runtime. It's refreshingly fast paced and handles that ok but also suffers from it.  AWESOME ending and mid credit implications!   The "Cats" sequence is iconic af and my theatre burst laughing.   Big miss is the secret invasion ignorance tho.  Liked the villaon motivations and acting, but typically fell short.  Overall: go watch it and have a fun time!
I like the take of giving the MCU a break better than just stopping after Endgame. Marvel had a lot more to give but not like this
I'm soooo glad I didn't have to go watch this joke sorry you did but thanks for taking one for us lol
I'm suspecting that Jeremy wasn't a huge fan of this movie...
Do a spoiler talk please
Been quite a while since I’ve seen a Jeremy Jahns video and, hoo boy, I am NOT disappointed. I’ve always loved your quality, hilarious reviews and I’m so glad you tore this movie a new one!  EDIT: Also, I am SO glad to see that Iman is the best part of this movie! Her energy and love for the character (and Marvel in general) is infectious. Ms. Marvel was honestly a really fun D+ show and she’s one of the writers for the current Ms. Marvel comic, so I think she deserves all the praise!
Least favorite Marvel Movie for me is Phase 5 😏 not including Spiderman
I thought this was pushed back XD
well, someone isn't their black girl magic....
The Flash was worse than the Marvels
who is monica rambo?
I love Iman is getting the props she definitely deserves. I hope more people go back to check out ms marvel since it is a good show and exposes people to some pakistani/Indian culture.  I'm not shocked one bit the movie is mid. The entire captain marvel plot and secret invasion and all that was shoved so far into the background its hilarious. Marvels solution to Bri Larson is legit "fans don't like her, but we will look bad to recast, so let's just keep adding characters and moving her further and further off world so nobody sees her".   Marvel needed to do secret invasion and focus on that with fantastic 4 for a few years before jumping into the multiverse.
Jeremy please watch Midnight Mass, you will not be disappointed
Seem like there are a bunch of good reviews from reviewers I trust. One negative review from you.  With that being said Im still going to watch.
power swaps, huh. why not, they swap everything else. besides, it was stupid in the second 'fantastic 4,' i can't see it doing much for me here other just confusing me in an attempt to hide a bad story.
Is the movie out yet?
Anything outside if stop the baddie would be consider political
I feel like Jeremy will be the guest on this week's FNT. That would be rad.
You just confirmed what I thought. Maybe I’ll watch with streaming just to yell at the tv
Thumbnail says it all 🤣
My least favorite mcu movie is Captain Marvel. Which is exactly why I won't be seeing The Marvels
Movie was trash. BUT in their defence, what you said about the power swapping not always working was explained in the movie — they said the swaps only happen when they use their powers at the exact same time, so naturally there were moments where just one character would use their power and nothing would happen, then the next time they use their power it would be at the same time as another character and they’d swap places. All that being said, they wasted the potential of that premise immensely, it didn’t lead to any meaningful conflict or character moments, it was nothing more than just a visual gag played for comedy most of the time.
"The kings are dead so the kingdom shall fall" feels like an apt representation for what is happening to the MCU.
Ahh so marvel once again replaced with a female and made everything gay. Shocker
Straight to Disney plus!
I quit the MCU after No way home and I think it was the right move
Really wish you would do a co'op with Ryan George for that Pitch meeting sketch. Would be epic 😃
Love how much Jeremy hates this 😂
We need to stop with this "Marvel has a villain problem" nonsense..... Shang Chi (good villain), Black Panther (great villains), Eternals (meh), Black Widow (meh) Ms. Marvel (terrible), Falcon and Winter Soldier (terrible), Secret Wars (great), Guardians (GREAT), Hawkeye (F'ing Netflix Kingpin!) Wandavision and Dr. Strange (Wanda), Loki and Ant-man 3 (great villain) Antman 1 and 2 (meh)...... im not even counting Spider-Man...... the odds are DEFINITELY in Marvels favor
Lol who said Brilliance! 😂😂
Please review Pluto
Every movie after the first Ironman movie is total garbage. That was peak Marvel.
Glad Miss Marvel is good in the movie. I know the show wasnt for everyone, but it was the most endearing mcu product to me outside of the first Ant Man.
What's funny is that every other big budget movie feels like it's leaning on Marvel even outside of the genre. I mean, isn't Blumhouse, for example, just the Marvel of horror now? For such a wealth of content to pick from, there shouldn't be such a "same" feeling. Geez, even Barbie has a Marvel-esque comedic filter over it.
You’re giving too much credit that AI wrote The Marvels.
Just give us the spoilers on this one bro haha none of us are trying to actually see it
Taking one for the for fans   We can’t save Jeremy but you can be damn well sure that we’ll avenge him
Naw Jeremy I'm calling you out bro! Love you but it's like you are holding back on your Dogshit rating and a few of your reviews those movies need a huge stamp! Call them out! Much love!
Even if they don't admit it, I think A.I. is being used to write some of these things....It' s story but just wrong.
I feel like after the successes of Guardians of the Galaxy and then later on Thor: Ragnarok that Marvel decided the goofy comedy is THE thing that made them successful and are trying to shoehorn it in even though their directors and scripts just aren't ready for it.  It's really hurting their content....
this is the result of Entertainment for Profit. it has infested all aspects of entertainment, from gaming to movies. until people stop buying it will never stop
“It’s under 2 hours, that’s nice.” 💀 yea I’ll wait to watch it on Disney+
Marvel: Should we make what fans want?  Also Marvel:  Nah, lets make an all woman superhero team that nobody cares about.  We've been bad a while now, why stop now?  Everyone:  Marvel sucks since Endgame  This is going to FLOP so HARD
Bro the singing planet is literally just rock bottom from SpongeBob 😭😭😭
Absolutely spot on. They need to stop releasing marvel movies for atleast a year so people can miss superhero movies. Take their time to really focus on story and quality.
Kevin Feige should probably read the script before approving a $200 million project.
I feel like they should have taken a nice long hiatus after Endgame to truly gather the resources and make a solid plan for the next phase. However, well...we all see what we got.
Alan Wake 2 review please?
Brie Larson was looking pretty hot in this movie, probly the only good part
I haven't seen a good marvel movie since No Way Home. It's really disappointing what's going on atm.
I knew when RDJ kiilled himself off, that this was going to get BAD, come on, why leave a cash cow thats bringing in Box Office GOLD every film? If RDJ is in it, just pay him his money, hand him some awards and lets go home. He saw this coming and said, "Nope, uhuh" I'm OUT!. Welcome to the writers who striked because they deserve more money lmao, no they should be asked to APOLOGIZE and give back their salaries. They suck
You should do a review on the ending of Attack on Titan.
No, if it were written by an AI it would pay more respect to the source material. This trash is just written by idiots who care more about representation than quality.
Beast is in the end credits saved ya all 20 bucks
.......God I LOVE YOU!!!!......❤
Disney afternoon baby!!
Superhero fatigue is an excuse used to justify how poorly some of these movies have done.  The truth is if they made one movie or show a month and they were all good to excellent, then I would watch every single one of them.  The fact that stuff like the Boys and Invincible have done so well should prove that.  It's not a problem with superhero content, it's a problem with bad superhero content.  The first movie was meh at best.  I watched it once and never again.  This movie seems like it could be meh as well.  Not the worst thing I have ever watched but not exactly something I will be talking about a week later.
I have been waiting for your review on this. It’s a great day.
Not to mention... dar ben is a dude in the comics. Yep South Park is so wrong
I just remember all the MCU fanboys mocking WW1984 back in 2020 when it ended up being terrible as though it somehow exonerated Captain Marvel and proved it would be the superior franchise, only for its sequel to be just as bad as WW1984 😂
The power swap, they had to use it at the same time. It’s explained pretty well. 😮 So if 1 uses their power, no swap. If 2 use their power at the same time, swap.  So the plot is pretty simple. Hala, the world of the kree, is dying and the baddy blames Captain Marvel. She seeks out the bracelett and uses it to revive her world at the expense of the worlds Captain Marvel cares about.   This bracelet connects with Captain Marvel and Monica and since its already connected to Kamala, the powers of the three women get intertwined.   When they use their powers at the same time, they swap places through space and time.   Now they mist find a way to fight together and stop the baddy from destroying worlds to save her own.   I didn’t hate the movie. It had a lot of fun moments. Mostly because of Kamala. It was very light hearted mostly. Sure, there are a lot of casualties at some point and its a dark moment, but mostly this is pretty light hearted. It fits very well with the Ms Marvel series concerning style.   I think its a bit unfair to blast the movie cos not much attention was given to what was happening. The CGI wasn’t even as bad as previous Marvel movies (Like Antman 3… that movie was worse in my opinion).   If you liked Ms Marvel, you’ll like this movie.
Put a woman in it and make it lame and gay
I'd rather read a book. Can't believe how exited I used to be about marvel before 2020
Come on man let's call a spade a spade whatever phase this MCU is in it SUCKS! EVERY MARVEL movie after End Game suck except for Spider-Man No Way Home!
My God, I've never seen Jeremy so disappointed with a movie. 😳
Im pretty sure most of it is like that because it was originally planned to be a show but ended up as a movie for time manegment
I bet this movie is good.... who's taking this bet? I put whatever on it lol
It seems like for every 1 well done marvel movie now (ie GOTG vol3) theres 3-4 just filler, lazy, unneeded crap
Haven't watched a marvel movie since shiny arm + cap douche vs iron man, yep that was a very fair fight, didn't care much after.
I had fun with the movie! I think they’d said that they only swap when two of them happen to use their powers at the exact same time
no one wanted this movie to happen. such a sad franchise
My least favorite villains of the MCU are the corporate execs that force this shit out there and ruin character arcs while simultaneously undeveloped others and completely forgetting that not only should the plot and characters be cohesive and compelling, but that there's and entire Universe that needs to be the same way, not to mention the greater multiverse should also be in effect by now... I mean, how many times have characters broken the multiverse and opened it up, only for that whole thing to be fixed by the end of the movie?  Seriously, all this teasing for nothing; makes me feel like I'm back with my ex, but I dumped her and I'll dump you too MCU! All that being said, Loki has been fun, but I am afraid the climax won't pay off. Still, it's enjoyable for me and that's all that matters. The rest of MCU? Yeah, I'm definitely picking and choosing what I see and don't. I'm not forcing myself through another Ms Marvel, and I'm not watching anything like Eternals or Dr Strange 2.
The MCU now is like that once small YouTube creator that you used to follow, that now just puts out a new lazy list video because they have another sponsorship with Hello Fresh or Raid or NordVPN 😅
You know the MCU has gone to shit when this movie gets a lower score than The Nun 2
Oh dear... And I thought Disney supporting the Israeli occupation was bad.
i love that everybody complains that AI is replacing real human writers, then a business makes a lot of money off that AI created movie becuase you losers keep buying the tickets.  You can't blame the businesses for thinking that AI is going to increase their bottom line. If they're right that you guys are just tweaking enough for ANY marvel material, crappy AI written or not, then they're valid for thinking that. Is that bad for real writers? Sure, but too bad. You vote with your wallet
I haven't watched the movie, and just started watching the review. Let me guess, the movies comes with cliched women empowerment messages and cheap jokes.
Mcu needs a reboot and kevin feige steps down. Fire kathleen Kennedy, fire the woke writers. Hire people that actually care.
Watching Ms Marvel is what has me hyped for the movie, most excited to see more Kamala, my least favorite MCU movie is Eternals, and the worst villain is Kro.
I hated it! It was too silly and outlandish. Not the serious, gritty, testosterone fueled superhero movie that got us addicted to the MCU. It was a sensitive and emotional woman bonding flick with some fighting where nobody got hurt.
OMG this review is🔥💀🔥
Garbage.  Not surprised one bit.
It is time for Disney to let Marvel Go!
I am now completely done with marvel and all of western pop culture.  Spider-Man 2 game was the final nail in the coffin to realize everything today is about hugs, inclusivity, political correctness and woke trash. Nothing is bad ass, nothing is adult based, nothing is cool, nothing is sacred, nothing is relatable, everything is forgettable, creativity is less than average, nothing is funny, nothing is joyful or emotional.  It’s all diversity, equity  inclusivity let’s hug everyone garbage.  I am done. But I will never get tired of watching companies lose money.
this should be DOGSHIT
Should have kept to making comic book content for the majority of comic book fans.
Come on dude. This movie is a lot of fun and entertaining.
Dude, you all can be sure it's REALLLY REALLLLY REALLLLY BAD when even Jeremy Jahns can't even praise Marvel product anymore.
Nobody forget IGN gave this move an 8/10 review.
Can we just let the mcu die at this point? I would love that
Stopped pulling the MCU after Endgame. So glad I did. 😂
I always thought to myself, if we never get a movie in the MCU as bad as Thor: the dark world, the MCU will remain at the very least entertaining. Boy was I wrong.
6:32 Star Trek Strange New Worlds S2E9 is calling to you...
When the best things in the preview that they bank on to get asses in seats don't come across in 3 minutes, how lackluster is the entire movie? Crap is what this review started out with. I fall back on crap.
M she U decided to ruin all their money they earned in Avengers Endgame by making phase 4 & 5 with cringe movies…😢
I'm happy they didn't do dirty to Kamala Khan. I like her as a character. I think I'm going to skip this one until it gets to Disney+.
3:21 😂😂😂 love it when he does mini skits
The fact people online are saying this movie is on par with Gotg3 is ridiculous. It’s like people just can’t accept that MCU movies aren’t good and somehow they are intellectually superior to everyone else just for liking it.
I wanted Marvel Knights movies Punisher , Moon Knight, Blade blood and guts Marvel.
"And that's dumb as shit too" lol
Oh you are definitely getting more of this. Echo, Agatha Harkness, Iron Heart. Kevin Feige said in 2018 he wants way more female inclusion and poc diversity in the M-SHE-U and he has delivered on that promise.
I think it's dumb to introduce new characters.. all great ideas are great. It worked for spider man because we already knew the back stories and characters and differences.
Least favourite is Love and Thunder.   Garbage.
As bad as this sounds (which I stopped watching these "DLCs" a few movies into Phase 4), my least favorite Marvel Movie has to be Eternals.  Awful movie with crappy CGI and even worst acting.  And the big finale, a half-born Celestial sticking out of the Earth, has been completely ignored by every other movie that followed.  Is it still there, did it never happen, who knows...
No cap couldnt finish watching thos review... in all my years following you i think this has been the hardest to watch and the most painfull for you i saw you struggling with this.  I did let it finish though so you can get the view minutes... thanks for always be awesome and my guide to decide if i see a film or not...its the least i could do.
Bries and Monicas strap ons are too tight.
Is this REALLY a surprise to anyone at this point?
Yep, this is gonna be one of those Jeremy reviews that I’ll watch at least a dozen times
Cant wait to not see it
woke shit
After endgame, Marvel should've taken a long break, like 3-4 years long. Within this time, they should've planned out the next three phases and delivered something spectacular. Casting-wise, they should’ve cast really young actors so they could develop and carry the MCU for years to come (Like RDJ). They should've introduced the X-Men/Mutants in phase four to keep things fresh and keep us interested. There are so many things the MCU should've and could've done differently, but sadly they have dumbasses running the show. Honestly, I would've been better at directing the MCU’s future.
10 seconds in and I am both delighted and not surprised
Worst Marvel movie to me ironically was Captain Marvel. I fell asleep during the movie twice and when I watched it through to the end I realized I really didn't miss anything.
that singing shit sounds like it woulda been good for guardians (havent watched this movie yet xD)
no it doesn't matter anymore man. the superheroes suck
Looks terrible.
Kamala Kahn & Monica Rambeau are literally the only reason I will ever see this movie, and I'm not going to go to the theater for it. Though to be honest what I should say is that I plan to see this movie despite MCU Carol Danvers being in it.
I knew it. Waiting for Disney+ to see it and only if I’m having a real nothing to do boring day
I'm still going to watch the movie, I have rarely disagreed with Jeremy but I am hoping he is dead wrong.
SJW garbage a coming in. God, just stop disney.
its one of the movies of all time
😮‍💨 still watching your spoiler review
To persist in wanting to endure this new woke era of Disney/Marvel/Hollywood without denouncing the obvious indoctrination with real words is practically just as guilty as being behind this same brainwashing. And this comes from a person (me) who loves strong women characters (a la James Cameron) and characters from other cultures (the way we used to see it in french films, for example). But the woke virus which has plagued society for several years and which has completely destroyed the credibility of Disney (among others) has nothing to do with any openness and desire to tell good stories. I would give anything to see this same film (The Marvels) in the hands of a James Cameron, Kathryn Bigelow or Peter Jackson from the 80s, 90s or early 2000s. Imagine characters like Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia, Sigourney Weaver's Ripley, Margot Kidder's Lois Lane, Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor, the unifying nurse character played by Rosario Dawson in the Marvel series (before the M-She-U), Michelle Yeoh's character in James Bond and Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman in the same film... but before this satanic period of politically correct intoxication! If Jeremy, while keeping his principles, spent a little more time with the blessed Nerdrotic gang and less time with his robotic, scared and lobotomized peers, he would be the ideal balanced person to navigate this wokist world whose petticoat is barely beginning to protrude, as we say in other culture. This world doesn't need Brie Larson. this world needs the Sarah Connor of the first two Terminators.
Did they stick a chick in it? Did they make it gay? Did they make it lame?!
I’m going to Sony for all marvel content
To tell you the truth, I think this is one of the MCU films that nobody was interested in. They may have known that going in and that’s why it may have seemed a bit lazy. It was just another filler.
The BarBills: Alcohol Required.
M she U has gone woke, and now broke
Yah, I think Marvel  is done!
Jeremy Jahn's face is priceless with the WTF Thumbnail!
It's gonna suckkkkkk
It’s not “super hero fatigue” it’s woke Disney agenda fatigue
I don't think there's anyone worried about spoilers jeremy 😂
Nice Charles Manson hand movements.
Cant wait to never watch this trash
Did he just woof?
I truly appreciate your spot on honesty in this review ... first video i have watched and you got one more subscriber... Finally someone actually thinks about this like me
What Monica Rambeau does there is be the real successor Captain Marvel before Carol Danvers was. 😝
Freaky Friday meets faux superhero with no personality. No thanks.
Jeremy Jahns is having so much sex compared to when i discovered Jeremy in 2015
Dar -Benn is actually a male character in the Marvel comics not a female
I like that Jeremy called it a "mechanic" instead of a "story line."  They were preparing for the video game tie-in, but it's not coming since this is gonna totally bomb.
WoW, the movie that everyone thought is going to suck sucks! Who would have thought?!
I know the "was this written by an AI thing" is a joke, but I also think it's an unhealthy stereotype that's often used as shorthand. However, the numerous failures mentioned by Jeremy including "fetch quest storytelling", "video game weird gimmick", and "No actual plot" are born from a lack of human creativity. AI generated plots would actually follow a stereotypical storytelling conventions like pacing and buildup because they're trained on such stories already. The decision to blindly chase gimmicks and taika-level non-jokes is a wholly human decision.  I guarantee the movie would've been better if an AI had written it.
Jeremy as the producer is tight!
The post credit scene cgi was the most disturbing thing that I’ve seen the MCU do. It was more shocking then then actual footage they showed
Well I'll wait til it comes to Disney+...maybe
Marvel trying hard with these "leaked" spoilers to get people excited.  And I've never seen the Ms Marvel actress but from the promos she looks like she kills it in the role.
dude your moving like a crack head
The only reason I'm even thinking of going to see this movie is because I haven't had a chance to get to the movies since Gran Turismo. (I missd The Equalizer 3.) If the Captain Marvel movie didn't turn half of the more recognizable Kree characters (Minerva, Atlas, etc.) into jobbers to get murked, The Marvels would have had more interesting choices for a villain than the uninteresting villain they have on display.  The MCU needs to take a break, then let some established comic writers put their two cents in.
i dont think disney understands its audience for these MCU movies.
It wasn't woke enough for me. Lizzo should've been all the Marvelz. Try harder, Disney.
Jeremy Jahns Pitch Meeting crossover when?
worst movie and worst villain Captain Marvel and her Villain Yon Rogg. but i feel both those might change after i watch this one
Another DUMB PC movie, combination of three ridiculous heroes just made me want to pass this movie.   they got good talented and famous Korean actor and used it for 2min 47sec on the movie, but made Monica the most important character in the movie to end the climax. Disney loves Black, Gay, Lesbian, Trans, Hispanic, but not Asian.  RACIST company ever.  It is a disgusting company ever.  I am truly disappointed at the quality of the movie, and couldn't believe they  combine those three unwanted heroes to create a "poop" and wasted huge amount of money.  We just want awesome, good looking, strong, and fantastic heroes. Not like "Oh I some how got the power so I am going to be a hero because I am a woman or I can!"  BS heroes.        I really hope they reboot MCU totally and get rid of those trashy heroes.
Get rid of the wokeness. Stop putting down men. Bring back Chris Evans as cap no body wants Sam as cap. Make the hulk scary again. Get better villains. Make the stakes serious not every scene has to be funny. Kang was good but they defeated him in his own debut
I don't need a 34-year-old actress to tell me why I should see The Marvels. It *wasn't* made for me! I want to know where men of culture and based men like myself can spend money on *good* movies full of color!
The panderverse 😂😂😂😂
Let's hope this is the end of superhero movies
the post credit scene had me fcked up. like i wanna know where this goes from here
This movie is a peace of shit
The shuffling corpse of the MCU just missed halloween by a few days.
Very interesting. Independent reviewers are priceless. IGN  - 8/10   The Independent - 4/5. What the f is going on here.
Did I mention the new John Wick 1-4 Blu-ray collection is now available?
Are you gonna review Diablo 4?
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Doing the same crap over and over again and expecting different box office results = Disney
Aside from the fact that most MCU villains are forgettable, the biggest mistake Disney made with everything post Endgame is not having a plan. They're just pumping shit out with no real cohesive story driving everything forward. I would love to see what is going to happen next but when they make it so boring to watch because it's ultimately meaningless, it's sad. Back in the first Avengers film, we got to see the reaction Tony had to the invasion in New York. He knew SOMETHING was coming and the terror of knowing he was literally out gunned made the stories interesting. Now? It just looks like one-off stories aside from the "What if" series, Loki and Dr Strange. Everything else is just one off movies with stories to tell but nothing to add.
The crazy thing is there was one point in time before covid that it seemed like there was a different marvel movie coming out literally every month for a while. I think they should definitely stopped after end game... The story was told and wrapped up. Now they have a predicament where they are ending a bunch of story lines and beginning a bunch more. It's going to be like a soap opera that has a never ending story
This movie isn't maid for you.  It's made for a audience that doesn't exist.
Everything post endgame is DGAF material…. I don’t give a fuck for anything Marbel post endgame.  The triple Spider-Man was nice I guess but the Marvel Spider-Man is even been outdone by the Miles Morales movies
Brie is gonna say it bombed because everyone isnt woke
Best scene of the movie was at the end, called the credits.
“Post-Endgame DLC” Somehow, even this banger of a quote is being too generous.
The fact that it's under two hours is pretty telling what the study thinks. It's almost like the joss whedon JL film. Awful.
Seems to be some shills in here.  Legit shills, or bots?  Same difference 😂
cant wait to watch the pitch meeting for this movie
Iman deserves better glad to hear she outshined everyone in the film.
least favorite mcu movie: Endgame, killed off the villain with a less interesting variant, ignored all of the plot threads in favor of a roller coaster time travel adventure and essentially ushered in the worst aspects of the current mcu to thunderous applause. i felt like padme in rots lmaoo
I'm ngl, I've given up on marvel
Its like going to the opera and saying there was too much singing. What did you expect?
Thank you for your service going through this garbage
How far we’ve fallen from the hype peak
I’m so fuckin happy you don’t censor yourself. I was going to wait till it hit Disney+ but now I’m DEFINITELY waiting. Hahahaha
They’ve put a chick in it and made it lame and gay. IGN - 10/10
I would love to hear you review on Loki season 2, which is in my opinion the greatest marvel content since infinity war
Is MCU RIP?
Who would’ve that the captain marvel sequel would be just as garbage as the first one
The mcu is definitely putting out a lot of fanfic movies with no cohesive vision
So it is what all naysayers thought it would be. Easy pass
The MCU just needs to wrap things up with "Secret Wars." It has a very "Walking Dead" feel to it lately. The longer that show went on, going through mediocre and bad episodes on a regular basis, the more the great stuff was diminished. We're seeing that with a significant portion of MCU content this decade.
And screen rant gave this a 4.5 out of 5 thanks for clarifying what I thought this was going be 😂
I saw this flopping, especially with it costing 219 million. There is no way there making that back. But im sure someone will like it i didnt watch captain marvel and i won't watch this.
lol cmon Jeremy give the woman hating j*rks what they want. Hope it made your tiny winnie feel better :)
lol cmon Jeremy give the woman hating j*rks what they want. Hope it made your tiny winnie feel better :)
Let's see if bro is gonna tell the truth and call a spade a spade.
its trash
I’ve never seen Jeremy Jahns this hard on a MCU movie before. This is such a BAD year for Marvel
I am so shocked you had something positive to say about ms marvel, I’m actually blown away.
Marvel just keeps letting us down again and again
South Park Pandaverse was 100% correct.
I think they should have used three Kangs as the main villain. 3v3
And this is why I come to this channel.  You've got the review channels that knee-jerk hate on everything Marvel or Star Wars because hate gets clicks, and the sycophants that will love this movie because girl power, and if you don't like it you hate women.  Then you've got Jeremy Jahns, who's going to give you an honest opinion without the culture war political garbage that makes enjoying any form of entertainment these days about as fun as zapping my head with one of those electric joke pens for an hour and a half.  Not gonna lie, I wasn't all that excited about The Marvels to begin with, but if Jeremy says its crap I know I'm not missing anything by skipping it.
Maybe someone with a brain in Disney will realize these woke MCU movies are trash. Focus on the story, not the DEI nonsense.
Thank you for not holding back punches and telling it straight. We need more reviewers like yourself that can identify good and bad movies when you see them regardless to politics.
I think the younger actors who grew up with theses characters will eventually bring back Marvel to what it should be. Everything feels sooo dull and confusing, boring, but there are some gems in there. I just feel like a whole reset is necessary at this point. I was excited for Secret Wars and Doom coming in and Loki is probably their saving grace right now, but if the whole buildup sucks, I dont want to see it.
lol there are so many terrible movies I don’t think we can use AI as an excuse
so all feamle cast and a cuck in jackson...and we wonder why it's bad?
It's ironic that Norman Osborn is still by far the best MCU villain, yet he's from a different universe.
The worst MCU villian is Disney, they're sabotaging, destroying and completely crapping on MCU more than Thanos' snap did.
BURN Marvels!!! This review hurts
Wait its a movie? I thought it was a series on Disney+
My brother saw the trailer when we saw Mission Impossible and he said: "They're just making movies to make money, there's no love in these projects any more." And I couldn't agree more.
Put a chick in it make her lame and gay.....
This review made me laugh all the way through it.  All the bad things you thought were true coming from the trailers, have come true.
Thunbnail lol
You need to be more transparent in your reviews hahaha
Damn I was kinda hoping it would be good
They just gave us guardians 3 and that was not forgettable. Same goes for Spider-Man no way home. Just saying. Can’t expect a huge hit from every character, especially this one 😂
They were obviously never going to end the MCU after it's highest point with Endgame, that just isn't how companies work. But man, they could've at least taken a bit of a break or done a soft reboot. This avalanche of marvel content is just way too much for even hardcore fans. Quantity over quality will just never be a good trade.
How bad do you have to screw up to be bargain bin Ronan the Accuser? Ronan the Accuser already had the personality of a wet paper towel.
try to watch Ms. Marvel. iman vellani  is actually very good in it
I must be insane because I want to see this movie but skipped the last 3 dc movies before blue beetle
LOL! Ah man, the 9 second intro....Fastest I've ever it a like button.
So, the MCU decided it was time to show the DCEU how to make truly bland, forgettable movies. That will humble Marvel fan boys for sure. I love how Jeremy does give credit where credit is due in his reviews. He makes me want to watch this movie even though it's bad just to see someone doing a stand-up job nonetheless.
I'm watching this tonight only because I won free tickets.
I put aside comic books when I entered Middle school. Considering what Disney has done to the Marvel world, I've been ahead of the curve on "superhero fatigue/rejection" for decades.;)
I thought she was ronans daughter
Hopefully Iman isn’t hurt by this - and she continues to build a strong career because she is a delight
Hey, remember when Marvel movies used to be hype? Remember when Marvel movies were all building towards something big? Remember when Marvel movies felt like they actually had a direction? I miss those days...
We were going to wait for streaming, and now we certainly are waiting for streaming... Not PPV, but free streaming
marvel went downhill from woke/ woman leads and it showing the downfall has started since that woman scene in endgame that was the beginning of the spiral that has happened since then in 2019 , said it perfectly everything after endgame has felt like DLC to continue the narrative problem is it messy , uninteresting or just awful
Thanos messed up everything since the snap lol
BRILLIANT! 😂😂😂
The Disney plus Ms Marvel series is actually... dare I say... good. It's not a bunch of "let's be as woke as possible" or "men are dumb" or such nonsense. It's not about "muh representation" either. Sure, her background is important, but it's necessary for her character development, but it feels like it's very organic in the way her story was told. And that's one thing she got vs all the other crap. Actual, real, character development, with showrunners who actually gave a damn about the show.  Iman Vellani is the only reason why I'd see this movie.  And frankly, that's not enough.
They really should taken like a 3 or 4 year break after Endgame… like maybe release 1 or 2 movies during that time but really take a long break and build up a well thought up next phase… like I really dont know how the fuck everyone from all the shows and movies are gonna fit into the next avengers movie lmao
They should just casted Jada Smith and Hurd instead of these 2. That way they can get the three most hated women in one movie
When was the last time a movie with 3 writers was good ?
Jeremy's matter-of-fact dunking had me in stitches!!
Keep my Wife Name out of your mouth
Even Jeremy looks like AI, what has this world come to !
I'm very proud to say I've never watched a Marvel movie. Probably Captain America in 2011 is the only one lol.
I feel like the only reason they made the villain female is because they dug themselves so far into a hole of the diversity/inclusion nonsense that they realized if they made a male villain who gets defeated by an all female cast, then it would just give merit to all the people pointing out how Disney is removing male heroes and making all the bad guys into white men.
Spielberg said a few blockbuster bombs would crash the industry, Scorsese said they were style over substance… respect your elders
I like Angry Jeremy!
thank you for the review, I was considering going to the movies, know I will wait until it comes out on Disney plus
Make it chick and gay.......and lame
I'm not watching turds 😅
Quite glad i havent seen anything Marvel since GotG3 lol. Yes i hear Loki S2 is great, but i really just dont care anymore. Which sucks cuz superheroes were everything to me as a kid.
So wtf man Jeremy is awesome
Great. More leftard shit from the greatest country on earth. Currently the most memeable circus on earth.
This is the perfect opportunity for DC to step their game up. Marvel is on the decline
I thought this movie was gonna be trash from the get go and I’m glad I was proven right.
Fun fact:  the planet where people sing instead of talk thing was done in the original Transformers cartoon from the 80's.  The episode is Season 3's Carnage in C Minor, and it is almost universally regarded as the worst episode in any Transformers media.  Including the Bay films.
And on the DC side, George Clooney is the current Batman/Bruce Wayne. 😂
I disagree. The movie was fantastic!!
Why does the villain look like shes doing a blackface, like something out of white chicks
I LOVE the idea of the singing planet... I mean, I could totally see that in Ragnarok or GoTG... so I gotta assume they just did a really shitty version of it.
👍👍👍
As a marvel fan and YouTuber, I find it really sad that people are more excited to hear the review for this horrible movie than they are about actually seeing the movie. Who was this movie made for anyway? I’m a black female and huge marvel fan and I have no plans to see this movie. This would’ve been unthinkable for me a few years ago. If even I, a black female marvel nerd has no interest in this movie, then who TF did they make it for???
Just googled that the director was a fan of FF7:Advent Children and she said there were scenes there that she puts in the movie.... did you see some of it?
You have to watch Ms. Marvel to understand the bangle that activates or aids the Ronan staff
We all know Disney’s writers aren’t writers. They’re gender studies graduates.
A review but he hasn't seen it yet 😂
There was a time when I watched every single MCU movie in theaters. I was always so hyped for the next one. I grew up loving comic books. Now I...just don't care. The movies have become so watered down. Endgame was amazing because it was the movie we waited a decade for. Everything we devoted time to was all for that. Now every single MCU movie/show feels like a standalone plus they have so many freaking shows I don't care about. Disney has watered down the Marvel Cinematic Universe to the point where nobody even cares about any of it any more and yet Disney+ is still raising prices. I'm just done giving Disney my money. They've been consistently ruining movies for quite a while and I'm tired of supporting them with my wallet when they can't even make a fun/original movie anymore.
The "Thor Love and Thunder: Taika Waititi Energy"  - I swear, Disney got their market researches together and discovered that the energy (rewriting) of Thor Love and Thunder caters to an audience that loves that kind of energy. That's why alot of the Disney Marvel now are a copy and paste of that energy - I beleive the audience is Non-Western that prefer goofy humor over compelling writing. They are a Larger audience and pay more than the West.
Put a chick in it and make her gay! And I want it lame!
Where's Gen V
I’d rather volunteer to work on a sunday morning than watching this in the cinema 👍
I will watch this just to watch Honest Trailer and Pitch Meeting videos that are sure to come.
Can't believe this got. T-Minus and FNAF got a DogShit ... think they should've been vice versa or at least FNAF should've gotten. T-Mi us
IMAN IS CANADIAN. My girl has IT.😄
Marvel movies used to be such an event each season, every season. You knew you were going to be entertained. You could take your kids without worrying about obnoxious, misplaced LGBT nonsense, and the whole landscape wasn't cluttered by 50 marvel shows no one watches yet the studios apparently expect you to be up on. Such a waste. They could have had the world after Endgame. FF4, Secret Wars, etc. Instead we get this bullshit.
Life long marvel fan, but I'm no stan...
On paper this movie should be great, 3 hot women with powers in space but it's ruined by the usual feminist crap
3:40 the BRILLIANT killed me
Carnage in C Minor? Transformers?
Can't believe I wasn't subscribed yet! Been watching you for like close to a decade now
I saw it, even tho I respect Jeremy's opinion, go make your own cause this was pretty fun, the music part worked for me, I strongly agree that Iman shines a lot, she is so much fun and very talented, the action sequences were really good, I think he was distracted cause the switching thing I understood it, in general clearly not better than GOTG3 but for sure a good and fun movie, and the post credits, everything starts to connect more and more, watching it again on Friday cause I had a great time
Comparing the villain to Ronan likely achieves what you wanted with that analogy. I have seen phases 1-3 multiple times and couldn't remember who you were talking about. The villain from Thor2, GotG, Doctor Strange? It wasn't until you showed an image of him that I remembered.
its Kathleen Kennedy's Fault 😤
Failed female version of the trio of Ironman, Captain America and Thor
i can smell total dog sht even with the movie trailer I pass
It's too bad that this film was not up to snuff. There are a lot of cool cosmic stories in Marvel and the three main characters could have easily fit into some of these stories. It would have been cool to introduce the Shi'ar Empire.
Thank you very much for watching this pile of 🗑️ so I don't have to !!!
Before watching your video I want to say: I have been excited about this movie.. review! 😅
It's not AI, it's women writing
I like how they know how bad the movie will be so they made it under 2 hours long so that people could be, like, "well, at least I won't suffer for as long," and then that ended up being the best part of the movie...
Don Cheadle told Brie not to screw it up. I guess she didn’t listen.
I'm rewatching all the MCU movies right now. Everything after endgame (with the exception of No Way Home) really is pretty garbage. I hope marvel will get their shit together and try to capture the infinity saga magic but I don't think they'll ever be able to again. This is the perfect time for the new DCEU to capitalize
A planet where people sing to communicate? And I guess they're singing English, huh?  Yeeeeeeeah this is a hard pass for me dawg.
Im really disappointed. Why cant they give us just one fkg good female driven supe movie. My god! What the actual fk.
AI would have been written better. Marvel should fire all their current writers. They don't deserve to be apart of the MCU.
Is Jeremy slowly turning into Joe Manganiello?
Only reason I’m going to watch this is because I enjoy the casting of the 3 of them.
Before I click play, I'm sorry, Jeremy, and I'm forever grateful for your sacrifice. Now.. on with the video. 💀
I will watch for free 😂
The MCU should have ended at Endgame
Great review dude!
The best thing Disney has ever done… Disney Afternoons. Rad dude👍
Disney+ is what killed the MCU. It made the MCU focus much more on quantity over quality.
3:21-3:40 i have 0 doubt this conversation happened 🤷‍♂️
The best part of this movie is the mid credit scene where the introduced beast
I was waiting for the dog shit rating 😂
You and Ryan George need to team up.  Your "Pitch Meeting" was awesome and reminded me of his.  LOL
It’s Iman Vellani’s world and we’re all lucky enough to be living in it.
Was that a dr cox impersonation ‘what is it .. ya do here?’
I am skipping this one...sadly.. The plot is money btw
oh, man. this was funny and now I can vehemently say, MCU is DONE. FLOPS after FLOPS. Where are the good writers? Do I even have to be excited for the 'deadpool 3'? :(
your hysterical lmao
Once again, Jeremy making the sacrifice so we don't have to.
MCU releasing a new movie?!? i genuinely had no idea 🤣
I still kinda want to see this and two reviews in one video very nice
The MCU phase 4/5 is the single greatest advertisement for AI taking over writing in Hollywood. Disney has taken the worlds most loved franchises and turned them into paint by numbers garbage. I’m 100% in favour of firing everyone who writes for Disney and replacing them with robots.
So they just take bits and pieces from other prior movies...they have nothing but copy and paste from better MCU movies
30 seconds in and I can tell Jeremy is going in today
Tbh I loved Marvel a lot before and during the endgame stuff but now after it most of them are lack luster and they shoehorn way too much "comedy" in them that don't need to be there and actually ruin the movie/show. I'm not even in a hurry to watch marvel stuff anymore. This is coming from someone who had to collect all the movies back in the day. 😒
And yet all the bought review sites are talking positively about this pile of shit
i kinda like it , its better than Antman 3
A female led superhero movie is a hard pass for me
How does this not get a dogshit rating but FNAF does?
The BRILLIANT at 3:40 took me out
It’s hilarious that DC has a golden opportunity to capitalize on Marvels failure, but then they make their own failure and it’s like a pissing contest on who fails the hardest.  My money is on Marvel on failing cause they really did have it down back then, now they are just content with ruining their franchise.
The first movie was mediocre so the sequel was bound to be just as medicore.
Marvel ended with Endgame. Ok you can have No Way Hone but that’s it!
According to the trailers, this was going to forever change the mcu. How did it forever change the MCU?...
Dollar Store RONIN!  lol
May you never lose your integrity Sir. That's what we love about you and your reviews.
What South Park episode?
I would argue that shang chi, spiderman no way home and gotg3 were all great (havent seen black panther 2) but outside of those... eh
Ms Marvel is one of the best Marvel TV projects, I know it isnt saying much but she is refreshing, her family is very relatable and it is just an overall feel good show
Ooooff. Lmao  Not gonna lie.. hated the first one. Dont like brie. Dont like cap marvel. Werent interested in monica and ms marvel wasnt aimed at me.   Had even less interest in this movie.....  But after this review, I really need to see this mess of a film. 😂
I knew better just to not go see it.
And the proof of a studio that is bankrupt on ideas will bring back fan favourite characters and they will be a shell of there former selves, what just got leaked oh yea RDJ is back -_- so death means nothing cool
Put a Chick in it and make it gay!
It's the Panderstone
Damn. Bro didn’t even stay for the post credit scene. I’m staying home
Thanks! I’ll save my money
Saved me $50+ in movie tickets +  popcorn and drinks for the fam you deserve so many more thumbs up.
Personally i say if a movie is disappointing enough, just tack on spoiler review portion at the end.
you know... you should review miss marvel. :)
A fangirl who gets to be a superhero...hmmm...where have we heard that plot before? Oh yeah, Shazam. If AI is writing these, AI is plagiarizing. This is garbage. Certainly not worth another Brie Larson movie. Like Ronin in every way, but a girl. Gynonin. What does anyone expect? Capt Dervel was complete crap.
Thanks Jeremy. Just as i suspected. More disappointment from Disney's Marvel. I do agree that they need to stop for now and lay low. Focus on other projects. The literal personification of beating a dead horse. Sad.
I'm 100% convinced that they do this stuff to piss people off. It's like your little sister who grabs your controller and jumps Mario all the ledge just because... You didn't let her play, and you will pay for it!
Can I just say that if Jonathan Roumie from The Chosen ever drops out of it- you can be the next JC mate!
Ultron and Thanos are the Real OG of Marvel , no other Villain from marvel came close to them . Best performance could be from christian bale from Thor Love n thunder ,but they literally wasted his character.   Wirhout Ironman and Cap America . Rest of the MCU is just at the brink of its end..  Glad spidey is alive cause of Sony involvement, else that char also would have been wasted .   Hoping for comeback of Real Avengers kinda vibe atleast with current superhero characters from Marvel.
Blue Eye Samurai review would be welcome! Lots of people seem to like it quite a bit.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 so disappointed he didn't even try to make a fist at the end
Didn't the " swapping powers" happen too in " Rise Of The Silver Surfer " ?.
disney MCU has gone downhill!!!!
Well, I’m just happy Iman Vellani is good in it at least. How can you not root for a kid whose dreams are coming true? For what it’s worth, I believe she is the heart and soul of the MCU now.
Vellani absolutely kept me watching Ms. Marvel.  I love her screen presence.  My daughter wants her and Tom Holland in a movie together.
Come on @JeremyJahns, dude, why was time on dogshit like this when you can do One Piece Netflix. At least it would be fun and worth it.
idk... the last time the mcu took a break it came back worse?  I don't think it's a break that the MCU needs... it's VISION (not the character).  I think after Thanos the people who cared patted themselves on the back and thought 'my work here is done' and now it's just directionless
Jeremy AI says don't blame me for this. Definitely human error!
yet people were like "but we need to give it a try it could be good" like no dumbass open your eyes that movie is going to be shit and well here we are today and IT is shit 😂😂 told ya....its mainly due to the writers in my opinion but who knows maybe it is Ai written xD
We always thought AI would attack us directly with bioweapons, nukes, restricting/controlling essentials (water, electricity, food, etc)...instead, they attacked our media, giving us horrible entertainment and slowly sapping our collective will to carry on. Well played, AI, well played 👏
On the contrary, it's mcu so it's not saying much.
Jeremy Jahns did you check out the echo trailer?
Monica got shafted and twisted in the MCU. The fact that they overwrote her with Carol Danvers is the main reason I refused to watch the first one. How are you going to have Carol be Captain Marvel in the 90s AND be the retconned inspiration for the Avengers AND set her up to take a leadership role in said team AND tout her as some sort of progressive icon in the MCU when Monica ALREADY was Captain Marvel in the 90s AND led the Avengers during that time period AND wore the mantle first (second to Mar-vell but made it her own, separate from Mar-Vell's story) AND would have been a more progressive (and more than likely publicly accepted) choice with gen audiences and comic book fans alike!  And then insult to injury, Monica is not only younger than Carol, but she looks up to her? Holy Revision, Batman! In the comics, Carol admitted taking the name without letting Monica know was uncivilized and then apologized and asked for her blessing. But no, in the movies white savior has to be atop for the black person to look up to. I suppose Black Panther filed their quota for African-American hero leads. Hell, if Disney-Marvel was really as gungho about being *actually* progressive, they *would have* had their new flagship MCU poster hero be an established black woman that comic readers recognize and like. Not RiRi for "the black people", not Carol as Captain Marvel, but Monica Rambeou.  I'm sorry for the rant, I just have so much hate for this character centered on just how dirty Monica was done. And give her her original outfit. That is one of my favorite comic book costumes of all time.
Not sure about this film though I'm bringing my niece and nephews to see it.  I wasn't a fan of Captain Marvel or Miss Marvel.   My issues with MCU include cancelling or rebooting good series like Daredevil and Agent Carter while churning out boring or disappointing series like Loki, Agents of Shield, Secret Invasion, Miss Marvel and Wandavision. All the actors deserve better shows.  I don’t always agree with MCU casting choices such as Spider-Man, Captain Marvel, Kang, Mysterio, Mr. Fantastic, Whiplash or Killmonger.  Marvel have better or at least more interesting characters deserving of movies like Ghost Rider, Daredevil, Loki, Deathlok, Darkhawk, Spider-Man 2099, Doctor Doom, Nightmare, Beta Ray Bill, Howard the Duck, Power Pack, Death's Head or Slapstick over the likes of Captain Marvel, Ant Man, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch and Doctor Strange.  Killing off Captain America and Iron Man didnt help.
So you liked it? Haha
i think he liked it
Omg Jeremy is a Keanu Reeves variant
Oh hell, yes please spoil the movie. You already saw it, none of us are going to see it. You might as well tell us everything. I’d rather you get the YouTube ad money for your trouble of having to waste time with this trash.
They must of used AI script too. The greedy old men just be getting more lazy
It will be an excellent rant. Holy shit do a spoiler review. And IGN gave it an 8/10
The Ms. Marvel girl looks like a good kid. She needs to run from Hollywood as fast as she can.
The Kamala Khan character just copies Tom Holland's Spiderman....its so irritating
Sir when i go to watch this Please dont let me drink Alone :') joke show haha i really need a friend 😂
That had to be a Dr Cox impression 😂
I have checked out on marvel stuff. They gotta win me back at this point.
I have free Disney plus still I won't watch this 😅
Kamala over does it they all stink It all stinks now I don’t think people give a shit about spoilers for this movie
Please Watch Ms Marvel. One of the best DisneyPlus MCU Shows and Iman crushes it.
Ms.Marvel was great definitely recommend it.
It's not real life bleeding over. She's pretty shit in reap life. She admitted to pulling a warner brothers and creating fake accounts to harrase her critics
Dang, still waiting another great mcu solo movie it's still a long time for Avangers kang dinasty but i already feel bored to watch MCU in other side i hate to skip some movie and just watch the next avangers without watching the solo movie 😭
marvel needs a big pause for at least 5 years... we're superhero out- the only good show now is the boys and gen v
I trust this man's review.
My favorite part was when captain marvel pulled out her peter and said: "Are you not marveled?".
The thumbnail to this video says it all lol
Thor love and blunder is by far the worst 🎉
It makes me sooo sad that these three actresses will get blamed for it being awful. These three are fantastic and deserve a great movie!   It makes me soooo angry that they are floundering trying to worry about 5 steps ahead instead of just giving us good storytelling movies with characters we like.  Brie Larson is a f*ckin’ Oscar winner, Teyonah Paris is so damn capable of comedy and drama, and Iman Vellani is sooo endearing and great at making you feel her emotions also has great comedic timing. SO to give them this BS is sooooo sooooo annoyinggggg.  Sounds like they tried to make a simple movie while trying to set up 50 things and couldn’t decide what they wanted for this movie. Also sounds like they were scared to make Captain Marvel 2 so they decided to bring in Ms Marvel because people like her and Monica because people like WandaVision that’ll be enough…right? Oh the story yeah nobody actually cares just kind of make whatever and throw it together however you please doesn’t really matter because we’re the MCU baby.   I think they need to over correcting, they need to stop setting things up because they already have a mess to sort out as it is, they need to stop giving us terribly written movies, and they need to stop the forced humor. The humorous moments in the first 3 phases of the MCU were great most of the time…it just is so strange how far they have gone off course   People blame Marvel fatigue…I am not sick of Marvel content. I AM SICK OR BAD CONTENT. So many stinkers back to back to back both phases after End Game being nothing but stinkers can not and should not be tolerated.   I don’t know what is going on behind the scenes…but how on earth do they continue to keep approving these terrible scripts? And terrible choices that leave viewers kind of depressed and frustrated with what they just watched?
That South Park snippet. Bravo my man! Bravo!
I'm glad Jeremy and I share the same sentiments about this movie. Never tried watching the Ms. Marvel series itself since it's mostly geared for teens but Kamala definitely stole the show here. And yes, the movie definitely felt jumbled because of some of the aspects they decided to insert in this movie and sometimes there are hard cuts that felt jarring like they took away something in the editing room that they shouldn't have. The midcredits scene gives me a little bit of hope for the next film in the MCU to come as long as they don't fuck it up somewhere along the way.
MCU movies are clearly 2hr investments for mid credit scenes that tell more story than the actual movie
I was actually looking forward to this movie. I think marvel is dead
Not a chance I'm seeing that mess.....But you killed it in your review so I guess I got something out of it!!!
Marvels: The Girlboss Chronicles
Maybe this is the final nail in the coffin for RDJ to come back?
Every time I see trailers for this movie, just looks like a stream it movie. Doesn’t really look that great. Plus I already feel cheated seeing the first captain marvel(only saw it because the infinity war tease and that movie was soooooo meh).   It’s just kind of annoying though because I know Captain Marvel has a weird internet hate base and like, I know they are going to claim how the movie is going to fail due to wokism when it’s all just bad writing. I just know they are going to be smug but oh well(I have basically blocked that whole side of the internet for my own sake).
The M-She-U doesn't need to take a 5yr break. They need to stop attempting to pander to everyone (especially woman) and just write good stories. And if you do want to pander, than pander to your target audience... its not rocket science.
“The plot… I don’t fucking know either!” 😂😂
Youre missing out on her but ESPECIALLY her family's actors/actresses in the Ms. Marvel show. They really make the damn thing. :) Go watch it! Its not the BEST, but it'll put a smile on your face.
Endgame was the grand finale for the MCU, and No Way Home was the epilogue. Marvel needed a few years off to retool. It has been nothing short of a disaster
My least favorite msheu movie is the next one of course
I thought the trailer didn't even look very good. Capt Marvel is awesome. The TV show Ms. Marvel was great too. Maybe it was all just too much?
Agreed. MCU, needs  to take a brake.
You hit all the points I had after watching the movie I thought it was just me. Glad to know that it's not.
The way they keep burning hundreds of millions of dollars with bomb after bomb it's unbelievable, it's like they're trying to lower the company value so maybe Apple will buy them or something.
Definitely gonna watch it. On Disney+. Eventually. Mostly sure I'll watch it. If the mood strikes. Maybe. Yeah, probably not. But it's Marvel, so yeah. I think I will.
The South Park reference was awesome
Everything MCU after endgame feels like a revival of MCU. Meaning…it feels like when they take an old beloved show and try to bring it back years later and it just is trying to hard and not enough all at the same time.  It feels like that. Even though it hasn’t been years later. The humor from the last two I saw (the last Thor and this one) seem off. They had great humor moments to me in the first two guardians and with stark throughout the MCU.
People say Thor Dark World or Iron Man 2 were the worst mcu movies. As if they’ve never seen the first Crapton Marvel. Jude Law villain? Couldn’t remember his name if you had a gun to my head
I'm very excited to see the box office results after this weekend. I'm guessing it's catastrophic. I'm guessing it's not the reviews that will get Disney's attention but how much money they've wasted.
HEY! Carol and Monica better be GAY! and lame ! Or I riot. 😂
Which south park episode is he referencing ?
And IGN somehow gave it an 8/10 lmao
TOTK REVIEW???
Why you gotta drag Thor into this?
Yeah, that girl has charisma. Too bad she will be wasted on a crap script from a dying franchise.
That's a fun little Pitch Meeting homage in the middle there, very nice
I've been done since Endgame. No Way Home reeled me back in for a minute, but it was an outlier looking back at it now.
Don't think I'm gonna check out a $270 milllion film that has the "Our light powers are entangled, so we change places whenever we use them at the same time" line and something really, really dumb involving cats
Not gonna lie,thought you were gonna give this the dogshit rating. It really felt like it with the set up😂
I think with all the news and the Johnathan majors trail they should halt all projects for at least 2 and use the time to flesh out the story and actually plan out the movies better. Most of these shows and movies are more filler than any real and juicy story
the arse end of the barrel is here
It avoided a Dogsh*t rating! That's a win for them... kinda...
i agree she was the best part of this film
3:22 I'm gonna need plaid jacket Jeremy to return in the future
I absolutely love the initial run of the newer Ms. Marvel comics and Kamala Khan became one of my favorite Marvel characters because of them. So the fact that Kamala is now in a leading role in an MCU movie and I feel absolutely nothing, that is just depressing to me...
You should have rated this one ‘dogshit’.
They literally put a chick in it and made it lame and gay. 😅 I can't fathom how anyone will defend this film but Twitter will try.
Was really hoping this was going to be a good movie but it appears it is just OK at best..
That’s like when the TMNT 2012 swapped weapons
I’ve been watching Jeremy for awhile and those gray hairs on the beard are making me feel old af lol
What an absolute shocker that the Marvels turned out to be a big stinker. WHO could've POSSIBLY guessed that?!
IGN: 8/10
Yea I just don’t care about the MCU at all anymore
there is a movie making rule, they totally forgotten... SHOW dont tell.
The thumbnail is the real review.
Robert Downey jr & Scarlett Johansson's price just went for a new Marvel movie. If it happens, I bet they get $100M + each.
This gutter trash of a movie somehow costed over $300 million. 😂  Love how Disney keeps flushing their money down the toilet. Most intelligent people have stopped watching the woke garbage made by Disney by now.
I'm from Bangladesh and I am Muslim. We used to be a part of Pakistan. AND I don't give a shit about Kamala Khan. Additionally, I'm sure neither do most Pakistani people I'm not sure why the character even exists
"Put a chick in it Feige! Make it lame!" "Ha, gonna one-up you, Kathy! Gonna put THREE chicks in it and make THREE TIMES as lame!"
I'm suprised you were so happy with her. That was easily the worst marvel show. Not really her fault even. Still surprising tho
After listening to this review I am now excited to watch… the South Park episode that I’m assuming craps all over marvel 😂
3:33: Perfect opportunity for a "Put a chick in it and make her gay"
Shout outs to Imani. She's a gem shining in a pile of mid MCU projects. I wish she was in the Infinity War era so she could get the  stardom and recognition she deserves.
They needed to add a gay chicken on it
🤣🤣🤣 Thank you... I'll wait for it on FOX channel 32. 👍🏻
rrrrrr
Damn Jeremy was ruthless fuck lol
Wow that intro, very much gave away the review.
So basically, in a nutshell, it's a dumpster fire and not worth the money. I appreciate it. 😂
I like how he went full pitch meeting on the villain
I still maintain that Thanos won and the story ended after the snap. The universe is now prospering just like Gamora's home planet after their population was halved.
This was an absolute ROAST. Jesus. Did Jeremy just compare it to LOVE AND THUNDER? Definitely not watching now.
was lowkey expecting a "Dogshit" rating after that rant haha, way to surprize us @jeremyjahns
if even Jeremy hates it, its reallly bad. sheesh
MCU will phase out!!!
Can you believe IGN gave it a 8? lol
Ms.Marvel always gona be my top 10 🔥 such a bae. I guess shes too sexy to mainstream. But boyfemale is mainstream. I like the sexy version nothing wrong with that
They really could have just given us a miss marvel film, that would have been awesome.   The announcement that secret invasion leads directly up to the marvels annoyed me into not caring.
This is what happens when the creative team is made of woke activists.
0:56 *pauses video to subscribe*
AI couldn't be this ham-fisted... it really needs a BUNCH of writers with egos bigger than their abilities.
Don’t blame this woke steaming pile of garbage on AI. We know where this 💩 is coming from and so do you.
Yes Jeremy... it is AI. Its been AI for the past 5 years. They just wont come out and say it because theyre embarrassed. Thats why these strikes have been so much more intense other then entitlement.
Marvel Cinematic Univers.....please stop subbing in females into previous male roles. Just stop. Dig into the deep comicbook universe and grab a female origin hero and build a show around her.....like She-Hulk. Oh wait....that show was terrible. Nevermind.
Moral of the story: Just watch Loki.
Cats and singing... what could go wrong?!
Watching yours and Charlie's reviews of this movie back to back is HILARIOUS
Well, they have to have a racially diverse cast, didn’t you know?
Another win for Feminism.
Didnt see it and wont pay to see it because I expected it to be lie what you said it is. Marvel is on a years-long losing streak.
I laughed out loud when I heard, "In an episode of Duck Tales, maybe?" 🤣
When I watched the trailers I was not excited or hyped about this movie because it looks like a guardians of the galaxy/thor rip off. After watching this review, it sounds like I was right. Like Jeremy stated the MCU needs to stop making content for a couple years.
I actually excited for this if I'm not mistaken, there has not been a Marvel movie with Nick Fury as a lead role or supportive that hasn't made at least 1 billion dollars, or am I wrong (Iron Man only had end credit cameo it doesn't count)
You have Let me down a bit JJ you had the perfect cross over opportunity 3:22  with Ryan and pitch meeting. Lol great review as always sir
Everyone is under the impression that every Marvel movie needs to be integral to the overall story which is really does not.  I do agree that Marvel needs to maintain quality in the movies overall or not waste their and our time with them.
everyone needs to stop nibbling around the real reason why movies and tv shows have gone to shit. Women are being written like men. It just doesn't work. Sorry the jury is out on this it's lame
How do they get away with pumping out this dogshit? Its actually kind of sad
It's interesting how you mentioned game tech demo of swapping places with other characters the same day gta 6 got announced
Sick of this woke bs going on at marvel. People aren’t interested in female superheroes.
I already got my tickets, gonna be awesome to watch. I liked the tv shows as well
🧩🎥🎞📽🕵🕵‍♂️🕵‍♀️🎥🎞
I couldn't get through more than two episodes of Ms. Marvel, but I got the same vibe from the lead. She's likable and charismatic but the show seems like something made for preteens. I haven't watched those movies, but I feel like it's the same audience as for something like Antboy or Spy Kids.  Captain Marvel was pretty awful, so I'm probably not going to watch this at all, unless I'm in a weird mood and it's on Disney+.
marvel is held together by a villain, a boy from queens, and a rag-tag team of A-holes
Kamala Khan is the MVP.
MCU is dead
I love Trine
I'm surprised Kamala Harris wasn't in it. God knows she has nothing else to do!
This would be fine in an episode of Duck Tales 😂
Wow I was expecting dog 💩 anyways, Morbius or The Marvels? Which takes the worst??
Jeremy didn't even like Guardian's 3.
Jeremy would be great at Pitch meeting
great, can't wait for Disney to call all the bad reviewers for this movie mysoginists...
The newbie actor who has only ever done one role before and has no formal training getting more praise than oscar winning actress Brie Larson just shows how much they cared about this movie. Because we know Brie can act, she's delivered some incredible performances across genres, but ig if you don't have the heart for it. Also here I don't blame her, the way this fandom has treated her.
It’s kind of friggin weird that people are downplaying Captain Marvel, and yet the first captain marvel made over $1 billion. Wake up and smell the coffee know everything can be avengers endgame or Spider-Man.. I loved every X-Men movie. It takes a lot to disappoint me.. the X-Men are taking over the country for a few years very soon so everybody should try to get X-Men 1 any condition you can’t afford ASAP.🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
It's a girl power movie
im sticking with iron man 3 as my least favorite as i havent seen much from this phase lol and wont be watching this
Wow I watched this and Dan Murrels review back to back and boy both were brutal lol. Dan was at least a bit nicer and polite about it. Jeremy sounded like he wanted to bitch slap everyone who made it.
lol
2:29 That Dr. Cox from scrubs impersonation was spot on.  👏💯
Tbh, Iman Vellani is the main reason I want to see this. She had such great energy in Ms. Marvel and I’m not surprised that she’s the best part of this movie.
2:30 tell me that was a Office Space reference?😆
So in other words, you are saying The Marvels was Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer WITHOUT Michael Chickles? $20 dollars saved. Thank you!
This is Bob in Connecticut. I’m going in with a positive attitude on Tuesday to see the marvels.. I am a long time, comic book collector I even have a few copies of amazing fantasy 15. Nothing disappoints me except if the show is not serious, I get pissed off.. I love the Eternals I love the secret invasion. I loved everything except Thor, love and thunder because it was like watching the Batman TV show.. and she hulk was pretty stupid also. I know I’m going to love the marvels.. anyway I’m really looking forward to the return of the punisher next year and ECHO looks awesome and that is coming January 10. I cannot wait..🥳🥳🥳
Mcu is now like cod, one movie every day with less effort every time
I'm going to go around saying that I love this movie for a year just to play. Devil's advocate 😈
I liked it, it was a fun popcorn time.
No joke I didn’t even know this existed until I saw Jeremeys video on it. Really goes to show how tired everyone is of Marvel.
Now let's hear how this movie failed because of misogynists/incel/patriarchy.
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!
I'm just shocked you didn't award the movie *DOGSHIT*
Good to see you kept the hair.     You're always fair in your reviews, so I'm definitely taking your word on this one.
was that a doctor cox reference???
Did they do a gender swap for the villain? 🤦‍♂️
This is definitely Dog 💩
Huh, not the brown rating from jeremy. Surprising.
Wow! You, Eman and Kristan Alofft are real NCU diehards and gave this movie The Middle Finger. So the Marvels is another Phase 5 flop. This mess is definitely coming to Disney + by this Christmas.
A lesson on how to call a movie Dog Sh*t without actually saying the word!😉
Go woke go broke
Haven't seen it and im not going to see it because these marvel movies are sh*" now!
Why is disney mcu doing this? Why are they killing marvel characters? What have they done to deserve this?
I’m sorry Jeremy but I think that AI could do a very version than this shit show
Love it when Jeremy goes apeshit on a movie 😅😅
Did I stutter? I said...make it a girl, make it lame and make it a lesbian!!!!
there it is lol
Dude yours is the only review I trust, well you and the Redletter Media guys but they're done with this kind of crap
I will not be going to see this one. Can't believe i'm saying that. I made a promise to myself after seeing the first Avengers film to not miss a single film. And aside from Black Widow wich didn't even play anywhere near me, i've kept up with every film in theaters. But i don't care enough about this one. I will watch it on Disney + wich i'm sure it will hit before the year is over.
Well, looks like I’m she-hulking this one too. Only watch reviews on YouTube ranting about it instead of watching the movie… how did we get here… 😢
No, Jeremy, AI did not write this script. If it did it would be better. Feminists wrote this script.
Funny how evry movie review so far  is basicly "this movie makes no sence and sucks".  However, we will see TV ads saying "daring, bold, brave, stunning....."
literally just look3d up the post credits scene so i dont have to waste my time lol
Somebody wasn't watching movie attentively. They clearly say that teleportation happens only when use their powers (light powers specifically) at the same time. There was even the whole montage of them training happenning.  I had fun with this movie. It had plenty of flaws (villain specifically), but it had energy, good chemistry and fun set-pieces.
I’m excited to continue Skipping all things Disney/Marvel! End Game really was the End Game! Yikes!
Jeremy what did you think of the Echo trailer?
4:44 ...probably got it from wherever the TVA got their drawer full of Infinity stones 🙃🙄  The MCU IS A MESS (putting it gently)!!
Of course we can say The Marvels wasn't written by AI.  AI would do a much better job than Disney writers.  Just train an AI with every comic book containing these characters, and they'd likely be able to come up with character dialogue that actually sounds something like the character.
so cringe how the last few trailers use RDj and Chris evans to promote this piece of crap 😂lolol
My least favourite mcu movie was the last one I saw. If I can force myself to watch this... then this will be my least favourite mcu movie. 100%
2:51 You SHOULDDA watched MISS MARVEL, first! You cheated yourself.
There are plenty of 'Yahoos' out there that do movie reviews, but none of them have the charm and flair of Jeremy Jahns.  My trust has been earned.  Thank you for saving me money by NOT buying a ticket to see this dumpster fire.
I disagree with only one thing in this review, and that is the that the bit with the cats didn't work. It was the absolutely best part of this totally shit movie, right after Iman Vellani.
Wait till 30 secs fella before u swear. Just incase ;) your an amazing channel and I'm sure no of us want to see YouTube screwing you over.
6:25 Oh Gawd please no
Incell talking 😂
It sounds like that MCU soft reboot Avengers: Secret Wars will give us can't get here soon enough.
Don’t know that I’ve ever seen Jeremy this passionate about disliking a movie lol
Disney
2:38 What she DID happened, before the MCU was created. Monica was my childhood's CAPTAIN MARVEL. She was the one who went away with the other heroes to fight the 20+ supervillains the Beyonder chose for the MARVEL SUPER-HEROES SECRET WARS. She was kind of the love-interest for IRON MAN 2 / Jim Rhodes. Yes, Secret Wars Iron Man was Black.  It's easier when you only have 2 superheroes with the same name: GHOST RIDER, BLUE BEETLE, the FLASH. But, like 5 or 6 people have been CAPTAIN MARVEL. They just didn't want to start Carol as Ms.MARVEL.......though she was and did.
Well we still have Loki which is good mcu content
I’m so glad it’s falling apart for them  Finally after years of them trying to shove their dumb message and cater to the new audience people are finally waking up. The girl era is finally starting to die
Nice watch
Im just waiting for it to leak online 😂
I hope Jeremy is quite literally the only person who paid to watch this lol
More left wing woke drivel
‘You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain’ Hardcore agree, take a break Marvel
It’s not the MCU that needs a break, it’s M-SHE-U that needs a break. Movies should be entertaining instead of preaching us.
oh, I was expecting best movie in historie... thats a bummer
I coulda told you back when Captain Marvel 1 came out that the MCU was heading into the red zone. But back then it would have gotten you labeled a hater of women because of all the anti SJW’s championing Disneys downfall. Now we see the fruits of the MCU’s horrible phase 4 structure and people are checking out. You can’t blame Covid for this. I think one thing the MCU needs to do moving forward is scale back on all the meta comedy. Having a laugh here and there is cute but the comedy has become so horrid there’s just a lack of sincerity in the films that people are sick off. We’re long past the point to where the idea of a dude in tights can be used as a joke to placate the types of people who never took the medium seriously. People take it seriously now so it’s okay for Thor to be a serious person with serious problems that don’t turn him into a meme.
Next South Park special : the pander stone strikes back
Ms Marvel is not a great show, but the actress is very likeable.
it was so terrible... Why do they waste so much money on this garbage
In two words is total shit.
Was that a gosh darn Scrubs reference in my Jeremy Jahns review?
This movie can blow me, right after Brie Larson. I hope it BOMBS.
Marvels: ECHO --- That is the good stuff I'm looking forward  to watching! Not this "girl power" garbage.
inb4 Chris Stuckmann gives the film an opposingly positive review to suck up to producers and film studios
Better than antman! But that bar is so low it isn't really an accomplishment worth celebration
Finally you gave a really good honest review lol
Jeremy IGN just gave this a 8/10 saying it was outstanding ... Lolololol wtf.
Put a woman in it and make her gay…. 🥴
Skip
Damn Jeremy, considering how I trust you for unbiased reviews free from the political landscape online, the movie not pleasing you really says a lot. Marvel really needs to take a step back and rethink how they’re making these movies from now on. They got too cocky with their previous success.
I think it's safe to say the MCU is running on fumes. The only saving grace for them this year was Guardians of The Galaxy 3. Spiderman No Way Home and Shang Chi were great thankfully. Eternals was a bore. Thor Love and Thunder was eh. Dr Strange 2 was descent, but tough to follow if you didn't watch the Wanda Vision series. And Ant Man 3 was mediocre.
In due course people will realize that Batman V Superman was not as bad as they thought it was. Until they see these kind of half ass Marvel films. Disney fanboys and critics alike destroyed Marvel competition and now Disney has not competition in comic book genre and they are making bad films. I guess you get what you wished for.
"put a chick in it and make it lame & gay" -Cartmen
I’ll be honest, I didn’t even know this came out until I saw a poster downtown yesterday.
IGN just gave it an 8 😂
Put four chicks in it and make them lame
"My name... is Carol..."🤮🤮  This review is GLOWING, and my spider sense is tingling.... not in a good way
Every reviewer online has been spouting out shit about this movie before watching it because the mcu is going downhill and this movies leads just happen to the female so it must automatically be hated because reasons 🤷‍♂️. Why I'm not that interested in this movie is because i don't really know/care for the villian but thats it. I'm glad someone like you is an ACTUAL review and not dumb nitpicks
I’ll wait for streaming
I’m sorry, Jeremy, but you’re not doing you’re job as a critic if you can’t say “This is the writing you get when you don’t pay writers well” and have to use the shitty ai joke.
I'll go over and check out emergency awesomes review after this. It'll be hard to understand anything he says with Disney/Marvel/ MCUs nuts so far in his mouth.😂
Thor 4 is Most Disappointing. By Far.  Worst Villain The Two from Black Widow. The Guy with glasses and the Changer, forgot her name. Really bad !!!
WOW.
8 sec for a like is not bad Jeremy ^^
Quick question Jeremy is that a Hamilton watch you’re wearing?
00:46 before I go on, I want to say that I want pretty much all comic movies to be a success; yet im not impressed with "girl power" for the sake of girl power. I want Captain Marvel, Kamala, and Monica to all be big hits but something about the first movie and Brie's attitude really put me off of her. I think maybe combined with her bad PR, and the framing of the first movie as some plateau moment had something to do with it when it was a mid movie at best. Shes so defensive in those popular sound bites of her "does anyone even want me to be captain marvel?!". Yes Brie, you are  a talented and beautiful actor. You just have shit optics. I am not going to involve myself in every avenue of media to understand her more. If you want to fight the hollywood powers that be, MAKE IT KNOWN,don't pout about people not wanting you to be A WELL PAID AND EXTREMELY POPULAR ACTOR WHO GETS TO LIVE A LIFE THE REST OF US ONLY DREAM OF. Anyways. If secret invasion was any indicator, very few people had high hopes for this show. I will not be seeing it in theatres. Its sad, because theres nothing better than an underdog comeback. I was balling my eyes out yesterday for the fox spirit scene in overwatch 2 cinematics. Those writers know how to use emotion. Love me some good writing. I hope Jeremy-san is about to prove me wrong though.
Yeeeeees....ohhhhh yeees! *DIE MARVEL DIEEEEEEEEEEEE!*
“What is it.. you do here..?” Ok Dr. Cox, calm down.
Yup!  hard skip for me, the trailers were terrible so I already knew the movie was dog water. Godzilla minus one it is!
Put chicks in it and make them gay 🎉
Loving the hamilton psr!!! looks great
Somebody in my movie theater took a sh*t in the theatre 💩
Marvel doesnt need a break, they just need to stop using the pandastone
No Jeremy don't become old and jaded😂
Alright man you re-earned my sub. The part at 3:22 was so spot on. And made me lol. Thank you.
Put a Chick in it and make her Gay!...and lame.
Wait ... It's not dog 💩
For the love of the God, please review OLD DADS!
The whiff at the end of the video tells you all you need to know.
Ronin hammer was destroyed in the Guardians of the Galaxy. So how does the villain have his hammer back in one piece?
is this another kennedy movie, all women bull$sh1t movie?!?!
Please do a spoiler review. I want to hear everything bad about this movie without having to watch it
The "Woof" at the end made my day.
Two hours of CGI Memes and tropes.. got it
Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame!
Gonna say this as plainly as I can:  "I will NEVER - EVER - go see a Marvel movie that has Brie Larson in it.  She is self-serving, conceited JERK."   Any questions?
When you started with crap I guessed it was going to be a dog shit rating :)
Kang and the Skrulls were all pretty damn weak.
Woke garbage. That ms marvel is one of the worst actresses of all time sir, dont know what disney paid ya to say that
First time i even heard of this movie. Marvel have truly fallen
Cpt Marvel is perhaps the least liked superhero in the MCU. Nobody gives a shit about Monica Rambo and little miss Marvel is cute but she belongs on the small screen.
LOL They made a movie. LOL
The Ms Marvel show genuinely surprised me. You just need to get past the pilot which feels like it was made a completely different team to the rest of the show. The other 5 episodes were fun with a lot of heart.
I'm excited to see this over the weekend.
Bro you got me cracking up 😂 this is hilarious
Miss Marvel was a good show.  The main character was annoying in the first episode, but she gets a reality check and the show gets pretty good past that.
put a chick in it and make it gay?
fake reviews from critics praising it. it's totally bought and paid for. it's just not a good movie. so when you have reviews literally all caps saying "WONDERFULLY FUN", "THE MARVELS IS MARVELLOUS!!!", they're just paid up by Disney. that makes me hate it all even more. they're literally psychopathic liars, and trying to gaslight people into seeing and liking a trash fire.
So glad you loved it! I’m watching it tomorrow!
I use to respect Disney, they should have stayed away from marvel and Starwars
I always hated how Jeremy essentially makes his thumbnails the review
Why?!
Relax it's a kiddie comic book movie you grown men really need to grow up.
Hollywood having to be progressive has ruined 99 percent of the recent movies and shows. Single handily bringing down Disney its sad😢
Take off a couple years, make people miss you. Reassess, reevaluate... then put out another shitty movie.
Those four girls look like they wouldnt be able to run 1 mile and could only fight on twitter with feisty comments. They also seem to lack charisma. What is supposed to exit me about that? People like that being casted for a super Hero movie is ridiculous and shows privilege ,sexism and how unprofssional the movie industrie has become and i am not talking about females in general, there were many charismatic, prepared females in action roles over the years, i am specifically talking about these for women and the disney styled movies these days and the fact that people are to brain washed or scared to talk about that and point that out says a lot about society.
Man the algorithm knew I needed to see this review.
Jeremy being based for once
Judging by the sour look on the face in the thumbnail ... yeah
I honestly kinda go back and forth on if I should watch this or not but now that I'm seeing this. The seesaw is slowly moving down towards not to watch it and the more I learn more about this movie, the more weight is added to the "Not watch" side and I'm not joking, I'm dead serious about it. But hey guys, we still have some beacon of hope for Marvel since Blade and the Echo show is coming out and they're both confirmed to be more mature than the previous films recently. I'm not expecting them to be instant masterpieces but I'm glad that Marvel is now going down this route, including the creation of Marvel Spotlight.
Miss Marvel was awful but the actress shone. I hope she gets a movie worthy of her talent.
3:18 @pitchmeeting vibes
mid movie tbh
Shame, I love trine so I was excited about the power trading concept.
I have watched 15 reviews of this movie so far and this is the kindest one yet. No joke.
Just occurred to me how long I’ve been watching this channel cause I was thinking “god damn the last mcu movie review I heard on this channel was black panther 2 which was… fuxk a yr ago”
People are just now realizing Marvel is just an assembly line of the same mediocre shit?
I genuinely think the mcu/dcu are working really hard to make us miss the hit and miss 00s super hero movies even the mid films from that era were at least more enjoyable easy to consume than this churned out algorithm followed dreck
South park predicted this to the teeth.
The only thing this movie has going for it is the last episode of Loki which might leave people wanting more and they might go see this movie only to be disappointed further with the MCU
Man, the good old days when we watched MCU movies that were considered "mid" at the time.  Now they're masterpieces in relation to whatever the MCU is now.
It just felt like Endgame was the true end to the MCU and everything after feels like an epilogue. There should’ve just been a couple year break or a complete reboot of the franchise focusing on X-Men and the Fantastic Four. Now I’m worried that those two groups are going to be fast tracked and given crappy films and not live up to a higher potential. What a disappointment and a shadow of it’s former self that the MCU has become
Glad you watched it for me ... I ain't goin'.  Good video, love your energy.
SouthPark was so right !  "Put a chick in it! Make it gay!" lol
Wait. Are you telling me girls don't get it done? Blasphemous.
Jeremy, please don't bash the movie too much! You'll tingle people's curiosity, and inflate this disaster's box office.
You forgot Wakanda Forever and Guardians 3 in T minus one day? I get saying that for Antman...but to say that's generally what they give would include at least the previous 3 right?
Best reviewer. Period P.
Throw a chick in it and make her gay 😭😭😭
Whoa, Jeremy almost going full Pitch Meeting in this one.  And it was hill-lair-ee-us.
Least favorite MCU movies: The Eternals, Dr Strange 2
garbage................
After the first 10 seconds I was like, "woah, he’s actually mad... The Marvels? Really?? How bad did this movie fuck up to make this be the one that pissed him off so much?" 😂 was honestly not expecting even that much from this movie
I'm happy for some of the younger marvel stars who have a lot of energy and enthusiasm despite not having a long career. Hope that a lot more can come from them in the future and that they can survive the Marvel career.
Haven't watched any marvel since Endgame.  And I'm not going to.  The end.
2:30 You thought we wouldn't notice the Dr. Cox from Scrubs reference, but we did!  And we appreciated it wholeheartedly
🤨
Wtf happened to Marvel movies?
Man I was really hoping they would get back on track with this one. Guess I’ll save my money and catch this when it streams…
Do the sopiler talk that way I dont have to see it
Lee Pace (Ronin) is probably my favourite actor, he was in Halt and Catch Fire, which is my favourite show. I wish they brought him back, he deserves the pay day.
Saw it last night, it was better than quantumania, and captain Marvel, lots of comedy, but lots of plot holes. VFX was better than quantumania.
Thanks for your review, now I know to pass 🤣
Best film is _Iron man_ (2008).
Larson said she didn’t need men and boys to see her movies, we obliged and refused to see or promote this crap. There will still be those who are bored and go to see this mediocrity, but honestly between Larson’s snide attitude to Marvel fans and Marvel/Disney not knowing when to take a break to make a better product, I’m just done watching their productions.
they sex swapped Dar-Benn? why? like there isnt enough women in it lol
Holly nuts! Here we come!!!😂😂😂
Yep this is everything what i expected from you
The fact that he barely mentioned Brie Larson at all is crazy. Shows how far marvel has fallen
Were not far from having more shit marvel movies than good ones. When that happens the MCU will oficially be a shit franchise. Well done Disney...
Duck Tales reboot is Aids. Classic all the way.
Probably still gonna like more than love and Thunder.
At first Marvel was wayyyyyy up here 👉. 👏👏👏🎬🎬🎬🎬👏👏👏          Now they’re wayyyyy down here 👉💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Mcu is going ruin blade
As far as I’m concerned, everything after Avengers Endgame is basically a sequel series. Infinity Saga (Iron Man to Avengers Endgame) was solid, generally got better with each film, and ended with two-part finale easily considered for the best cinematic climax in history.
😂😂😂😂😂 and iGN gave this an 8. Thank you, Jeremy.
Do a spoiler’s review, that way I don’t have to watch the movie
Eternals, Shang Shi, Wandavision, Hawkeye did not like them one bit, loki was meh so im not interested in S2.
Iman Vellani is a huge comic book fan and I’m glad to hear she can bring that side of herself as Ms Marvel.
7:55 couldn’t be further from the truth after the absolute banger that was Guardians 3 this movie reminded us how garbage and played out Marvel movies are becoming and we need them to stop for awhile in order for them to rekindle what made them special
yea after watching black adam i realized these studios literally create their scripts with AI
Brie isn't as annoying as before, slightly more likeable. The few scenes with SLJ were fun and that's about it. Just shit. Guardians 3 was last good MCU. Zero faith left in anything coming.
“Brilliant!👏🏻” 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🔥🔥
Most savage opening line in a while.
I've never really watched your videos before, but what's with the weird swaying Jack Sparrow want to be moving around stuff?
Honestly shocked he didn't give it "Dog Sh!t".
Didn't Rocket blow up Ronin's Hammer in the first GotG?
Put a chick in it and make her gay.
IGN just gave this movie an 8 lmao
So over Marvel movies, snd shows
I'm very curious on your opinion of the Netflix live action One Piece :)
Captain Marvel should've stayed Jonah Hill's GF in 21 Jump Street.
I'm not going to lie it's really weird. There's so much superhero content out that I haven't watched yet have no desire to watch. It's not like my live of superheroes has died, it's that the superhero content is so meh that I don't want to watch it.
How wrong can you get it... That was pretty much a good Matt Damon impression accidentally
MCU died when Thanos Snapped all the decent writers and directors out of the MCU at the end of Infinity War.  Endgame was the big burning warning sign for the coming years of bad CGi, lazy writing, forced political correctness and generally boring ass shit.
Put a Chick in it...
Just gonna say it and say youtube reviewers and movie snobs live in their own bubble. I’m going to watch the movie just for the pure fun and enjoyment of it. I’ve watched other people’s reaction who are seeing the MCU for the first time, and their reaction is completely opposite of these reviewers.
That Disney executive skit was great
Mmm
Had a good time watching it. Fun time if you don't try to connect it the big MCU picture.
Jeremy Jahns Never tells a lie. Great review! 🎉
Wasn't she supposed to be Ronan's actual daughter?
Everytime you say powerstone it makes me think of the awesome Dreamcast games by Capcom. Now I’m gonna go play the games when I go home. Thank you Jeremy 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Cartman is justified
This episode rocked…Iman is awesome
Captain Marvel, the character that could never carry her own movies and heavily relied on previous legacy characters to beg for people's attention... (fury and coulson for first movie, stark and rogers for trailers and now the beast for the last 2 minutes of the entire movie) amazing!  Just find the leaked scenes on youtube and you'll save your time and money
After Avengers 1 the MCU has sucked.
Please I want a spoiler talk 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
I want to go see this, it looks like fun. What the hell is wrong with a funny popcorn movie!
2:31 Dr. Cox?
Sometimes I think you reviewers are too harsh with these hypothetical reviews. I know we were all bummed when the MCU ended on such a huge high - the first cinematic universe and they stuck the landing!! - and it's fun to imagine what would've happened if they got greedy because there was still money on the table. But honestly, everyone is starting to go bonkers imagining just how bad it could've gotten. Like the MCU would ever make a second Captain Marvel movie that required you to watch TWO TV shows and also based 90% of the marketing on Goose. They might've gotten sloppy but they wouldn't have lost the plot that hard!
Thank you... at least you aren't shilling this movie like a vast majority of the online reviewers seem to be reading a script by some Disney/Marvel PR firm by giving fake criticism which wraps a positive spin around shining a turd to the brilliance of a cubic zirconia.  Had to was my brain out after watching 'everything always' giving such a horrendously fanboyed review.
It's super fun to shit on this movie and the modern MCU but lots of respect for shouting out Iman Vellani. Her series was not great but lots of fun. She's been awesome and does not deserve the hate that surrounds her work!
Only reason to watch this is to support our desi superhero
I loved how you timed your swearing!!! 😂😂😂
sounds like they asked chatGTP to direct a James Gunn movie
The last trailer for this movie had clips from phase 1 movies and it had the avengers music in it like it thought it was avengers endgame. I honestly felt gross watching it. It gave the same vibes as a grown adult trying to get people to like him by doing things he did in high school and thats just sad
Put a chick in it...
The real question is, did they add a female and made her gay and lame?
Not watching this thanks
6:45 It's Ruby Wings not Ruby Rings!
You gotta do a South Park review now
WaIt. Mid-credit scene was poor CGI? In what way? And there is no post-credit scene to speak of in this.
Bro I’m so sad the movie sucks 😂😂😂😂😂😊
Jesus, it looks like this movie broke him.
2:34 was that a Dr. Cox impression? Damn color me impressed jeremy
What have they done to this franchise ????? 🥺🤦‍♀️ OH my.....
I knew it bad since first trailer of this sequel didn’t like first movie this one looks uninteresting not fun to watch I was bored watching first movie twice
TAKE A BREAK!!! THANK YOU!!!! Marvel and DC both need to do a 2 year break!
Looks good. Can't wait to see this.
I've really disliked everything Marvel has put out recently and tbh i actually kinda liked this one. Probably was mostly Iman but hey, I'd rather watch this 10 times than The Flash even once
i cant wait for marvel to say their fans are sexist bc the movie has bad reviews. no bro ur movie just sucks
I think Iman is probably the only thing remotely good about the movie. And I think its exactly what you said. She genuinely is a fan and is passionate about the character.
I love how these big studios try to snatch the new up-and-coming directors that came out with a big hit, and then they proceed to deliver the most generic, bland assembly line shit that they can churn out.  Nia Dacosta did the Candyman reboot, which was a pretty decent addition to the franchise but it definitely had her unique style all over it. This looks like yet another cookie cutter Marvel film. Generic color grading, bland cinematography, and a weak villain. Sam Raimi and James Gunn are the only directors in recent memory that actually added some flavor to the visuals
AI would have written a better plot. This was written by a team of woke degenerates.
Waiting for the "you don't like it cause you're an 'anti-woke' man" mob.
The powers-switching idea was already done 15 years ago in Fantastic Four: Rise Of the Silver Surfer.
Jeremy taking bullets for the team. ✊🏽
The whole thing Disney is doing expecting people to read books, comics, watch TV series, and previous movies, so the new movie coming out can be watched and understood, is a big fail and bad idea.  A movie or show or book needs to be able to stand on its own, even if it’s part of a series.  And who has time?  Plus I certainly don’t react well to assigned homework . . . or, you have to watch . . . No thanks.
Yaknow, I think critical drinker Is gonna like this one
Marvel so desperately wants their audience to be cool and hip and 'diverse' but it's just not. It's just a bunch of nerdy men who want to see jacked guys with powers beating the shit out of each other lol.
“Put a chick in it and make her gay”
DLC release is crazy lmao 😂
Millions of views incoming
I guess you alternatively can call a wild animal a beast
I saw it today on press screening and i liked it
Didn’t you give GOTG3 a not so good review? I don’t know if you have a legit reason thinking this movie was made with AI.
Just no no no. No one wants anymore avengers mcu nonsense. No one wants it to cross over, no one wants it to exist with the X-Men. For the love of all things obvious END the MCU and START the XCU.
Panderverse was a lot better than this movie
Knew it would be shit. Who would've thought a film about three female superheroes that nobody gives af would be lame. The Boys, Gen V and Invincible are where it's at.
The villain looks like a millennial chick cosplaying at Comic-Con.
Superhero fatigue
Thank u
I hope more people view this video then view this garbage film
PUT 3 ANNOYING CHICKS IN IT AND MAKE IT LAME AND GAY
I haven't watched the movie and I'm watching the review. I just don't care about the movie. I'll watch it on Disney plus
I haven't seen this movie but it appears to be surprising other critics who expected much worse.
The set up was done, so it's not your fault you're feel out of the loop. It's isn't "going to be" a prequel series on D+. It WAS the Ms. Marvel series on D+ just nobody watched it.
Not surprised it sucks, Marvel needs to learn a lesson to stick to quality storytelling.
Put a chick in it and make it lame and gay!!!
I’m torn. I follow a number of reviewers and half seem to say it’s pretty good and the other half hate it.
I’ve never wanted to see a movie less in my life than this one
ronin but put a chick in it and make her gay
Ronan but make it a chick, lesbian, black and lame.
No need to say much. We know this movie is bullshit. I would like to see where all the "woke" fans can actually purchase a ticket and save this creature.
Just like anyone who reaches rock bottom in their lifetime, the MCU really has some things they need to address internally. I pray for their success.
Only opinion I trust. Thanks Jeremy
Southpark was right again lol
Haven't seen it, but certainly sounds like the whole project is veering into what some have accused it of always being.  Personally thought their biggest misstep was Ant-Man & Wasp until we had Love & Thunder inflicted on us.  Season 1 of Loki was bland, She-Hulk needed to be a lot funnier to earn its daftness and while I enjoyed Quantumania, it's clear most did not (similarly Eternals, though most don't even remember it).  If The Marvels is as bad as you say, I agree, they need to give this side of things a rest.  At the very least, focus on the more grounded side of things for a while: enjoyed Hawkeye and Secret invasion (okay, not so grounded, but compared to a lot of what's going on...), and very much looking forward to Echo and Daredevil (as long as the latter isn't tied to the She-Hulk tone).  On the cinematic side, give us Blade as a stop-gap between now and pivoting early into phase 5 with Fantastic 4, when they can then bring in Doom to squash Kang, which somehow Flashpoints the multiverse back into one, but now with mutants.
It would have been better if there were more lesbians.
4:11 Traditional movie making: Show don't tell. Modern movie making: Tell don't show.  It's like they went to film school, noted down everything that makes a movie good, and decided they only thing they'll ever do is the opposite no matter how bad it sucks.
Love this. Knew it would suck
Ok, here’s all I want, I really don’t care whether or not you like or dislike how the MCU is nowadays, much like with Star Wars all I want is for people to be able to talk about them without it turning into a warzone, it feels like no matter what you say, if you say that you liked The Marvels or you didn’t your going to have a portion of the internet at your throat for saying it, same thing with things like The Last Jedi, Thor: Love And Thunder, etc. can we please just shut up and stop acting like having a positive or negative opinion on a Marvel or Star Wars thing is a crime? This is just entertainment people, if you’re really willing to get THIS bloodhungry about it then I feel really bad for you because you’re just another part of the problem here, if someone says they like The Marvels or don’t like it just leave these people be and don’t think that you have to start a flame war in the comment section
we love you jeremy, never change
Stopped after Endgame cuz I thought it was terrible. I guess I never watched the captain marvel movie either.
I just wonder where they spend the money in these movies, because the budgets are insane, but the movies aren't getting any better
I'm sorry you had to watch this movie
“Office Space” drop!?!? Super necessary!!! 😂😂😂😂 AND A SCREENRANT PLUG!?!? BRO!!! That was FUNNY!!!! Omg…. You gotta do a mashup now…
I am going to buy it on sale. When it is cheap. For now i will do this. Until i hear people talk about a MCU movie. That i good enove to go too. I bought  Wakanda Forever, Ant-Man Quantum Mania. I am not in any hurry.Too watch these movies. Before Endgame. The movies where way better.
Spelled maxi wrong.
I haven't seen Ms. Marvel, had no interest for me.  Haven't seen The Marvels and don't intend to either, but have picked up a small trend throughout all the reviews I have watched for this garbage fire movie.  Everyone, no matter how badly they hated this movie, says nice things about Iman Vellani.  Now, for all I know she might be the sweetest girl on the planet, and she might well be the best thing in The Marvels (not that that's saying much), but to me it feels like everyone is giving her a pass because outside of the tv show Ms. Marvel she has done nothing, nothing at all.
Review that trash Jahns!! 🗑 I liked the part where Launchpad McQuack saves everyone Adam Warlock style with his cosmic bi-plane. Reminds me of Randy Quaid at the end of independence day.
Summing up Phase IV and V as "Post Endgame MCU DLC" is just perfect.
Least favorite MCU villain is that “””””Dark Elf””””” played by Christopher Eccleston
Jeremy's face in the thumbnail... glorious.
Give this man a beer for taking that bullet for all of us!
Sooo did you forget the last one? Guardians Vol 3 was great
So it's the basic MCU movie. Basic hero plot, some good superheroes, and a very bad villain.
I want to see sweet lesbian sex in this movie.
3:41 I died and resurrected.
I stopped MCU after End Game. Sounds like a lot of copy and paste. I’m out.
Fantastic review as always man
So, is nick furry just not in the movie than???
Ms Marvel Disney plus show is really good.   No surprise Iman Vellani is the best part of this movie.
Put a chick in it. Make it g*y & make it lame 🤣
Put a chick in it and make it gay
Honestly, A much better villain for this film would have been Moonstone with the Kree stuff being a b plot... Haven't seen the film but Dar-Ben isn't really a big villain in the comics which is why I had my doubts about this film because I actually like Brie Larson as Captain Marvel.
Worst MCU movie for me was Doctor Strange 2, mainly because I saw the first one having gone in not knowing the character but with such a good cast I had to go and see it, I was never one who had to see every film. Reason Doctor Strange 2 is worst for me is because I really enjoyed it and like Iron Man one it jokes that landed and the cast were great so I had high hopes for the sequel which was crushingly disappointed and didn't build up on sequel premise clearly set up at the end of the first with the 'No more sorcerors' . I dropped out after Far From Home , which was fine but that enaging, with regards to the MCU. I did see Now Way Home because Dr Strange was in it but also to see Toby McGuire, who was my Spiderman, again.
I keep saying they should've just made a Ms Marvel movie. She's the only new character I actually had fun watching and she is a good actress so it seems like a no brainer.
thumb nail and intro not a good sign
Thanks for saving me $100, more actually with drinks, food….a family of 4 today baby….🥴🥴🥴
Make it a chick
Another movie i just need to wait at the movie recap channel.
Put a chick in it, make her gay!
The most honest man on the Internet...
i rate the movie zero stars
Watch Miss Marvel and review!
I watch more than a couple reviewers but Jeremy has built up a ton of credit with me. If he says it's bad, you better believe it. Thank you for your sacrifice 😂
Def skipping this one
They need to have Rogue take Carol's powers already. Then they can give Rogue and Ms. Marvel a rivalry that develops into a bromance across several movies. Not sure what they should do with Photon, still feels weird that she randomly developed powers in WandaVision and it's like "Oh, I guess this character is a superhero now".
Put a chick in it and make her gay
275 Mil Dollar Budget.....
There’s no way Kevin Feige is cool with this bro no way this man has to be controlled by someone else I refuse to believe he really thinks this shit cooks
you hate fun!
The panderverse is strong in this one
Jeremy's review was the best thing about this film
Panderstone acting again
This review had me rolling. 🤣🤣🤣
Been a fan for years, I love your videos I swear, but I think you might’ve missed a bunch of things in the movie. One of the main plot lines is Captain Marvel dealing with the direct consequences of the first movie. It motivates all of her decisions and is also the motivation for the main villain. It made for some really emotional moments.  Also that final post credit sequence was fire I can’t believe you didn’t stay for that.
A shame. I had hoped they would course - correct.
I am dead laughing ... 😅
When you and Dan Murrell says the same thing. Sad, but funny.
Shoe horning the xmen into the post credit scene reeks of desperation.
Not the add for the marvels before the review of the marvels 😅
I have stopped watching anything marvel since they killed iron man, ofc except spiderman for the time being (because its actually good) and new doctor strange (because raimi).
that panderverse reference was Perfection.
First-time commenter. Just had to say how much I loved the "woof" punch-slap at the end. It is a wonderful expression of both the fatigue Marvel audiences are experiencing and the half-hearted effort Marvel Studios appears to be giving.
Just saw it here in germany (two hours ago). I liked it.  (no spoilers) + The main cast is good and has good chemistry + The action is pretty fun and well done + it is no cgi-fest (at the end) + it is not as goofy/stupid as Thor-Love and Thunder or Ant-Man - but sometimes still silly ;) + The parts I don´t like are short and quickly over and you are back to the fun + the relationships are real and relatable (even for men like me) + Goose + End credits are very good but don´t overshadow + the charakter development is good - could have been a little longer so that there would be time for the deeper moments to breathe! - The dubbing in German is extremly bad (but that´s just for all the germans) - The Bad-Guy/Girl leaves no impression whatsoever, I already forgot the name (that´s my main criticism) Fazit: It is not a Must-See, but still fun and no waste of money  4/5 stars
I look forward to your reviews more than the actual marvel Movies anymore 😅 it’s a crazy time to be alive
The thing is if they go away for 2 years I don't think they comeback. 5 years sounds reasonable to me
Haha I so figured.. I'll stream it lol
I own that same plaid suit! Most excited I’ve been during a recent MCU review! 😂
I think the worst villain in the MCU was Darren Cross.  Not only did they make Yellow Jacket be a one and done villain when it would have been interesting to have an "AIM" like company giving problems.  But then they ruined MoDoK on top of it.
3:41 that "brilliant" had me in stitches
I trust jj
And yet writers want more money for shitty movies that cost $300 million to make
I’m so sick and tired of people thinking all these movies have to be endgame level. These movies can but short and sweet with small world building that will lead up to something bigger. Jeez. Also people love to say stick to the comics. When they do you attack them anyways. Tireddddd
They won’t learn, Disney has openly decided to go this route and even bragged about it. What is interesting to me is the open hate and loss of money yet they just keep pushing on
If this is worse than love and thunder then marvel has to relax and stop for a bit for sure.
So you don't  waste your time,  CGI beast & monica rambo's mom are in the post credit scene from an alternate universe in the x mansion  sick bay. That's  all the excitement you'll get. Stay home.
you SEEN this?  my commiserations  Jeremy !  🤣
Look what ya done did to my boy, Marvels. He can't even punch at the end.
Weakest Marvel Film. What a waste
Eternals was shit!!!
Shocking....didnt see that one coming
I needed to hear this 😂
3:21 😂😂
Jezza we need your view on the One Piece Nexflix show 😊
Havent seen this yet but lets be honest it feels like it shouldve been a show also khamala is the only one who had decent development prior to movie. im waiting for this to get on disney plus. We need better written female characters. not just lazy writing.
I think Marvel could use some reinvigoration by trying out some standalone movie that isn’t connected to this mess they currently have
Put a chic in it and make it gay and lame. The M-She-U-iA+
I will never understand how Marvel went from Endgame to this in under 5 years. Sure, it would degrade over time, but under 5 years??? What happened man
I just got to witness the mcu version of the female ghost busters train wreck
It stinks 😂😂😂😂
Marvel is just trying to catch up to DC. Wait, what.....?
This film showed it's demise in every trailer. It was inevitable.
Cant wait for Rogue to steal her powers during Secret Wars. I just hope whoever is playing Rogue isn't insufferable.
Dar-Ben's full name is Gendar-Bend. Because she's a genderbent character. Clever DisneyMarvel. But was it worth it?  Joke credit to MauLer
I told my GF, enjoy. I have no interest in seeing this
So hyped for this MCU downfall
DLC RELEASE 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂💀💀
Brie Larsen was miscast from the beginning. Clearly a talented actress, but as with any endeavor the talent needs to be applied to the right opportunity.
MCU: "which villain should we use for The Marvels"? Cartman: "put a chick in it and make her lame and gay"!
Make her diverse and gay !!!!!
NOT going to see this trash movie! The trailer looks like a pop music video!
I saw the Ms. Marvel series. I was one of the few. It was OK. I really enjoyed her fangirl energy. That was the main theme of the show. It worked. The rest of the show was hit or miss. Didn't suck. Wasn't great. A solid 5/10.
Thor: Love and Thunder was horrible. The first Captain Marvel movie sucked. I'm tired of Marvel making shitty movies.
Deadpool 3 is gonna be the kicker if it’s not good. We ALL had a feeling this movie was gonna be bad so I’m not even the least surprised. But if Deadpool 3 turns out to be mediocre or bad, than the MCU willl be at the point of no return for fans and casuals alike.
Let the MCU die
For anyone reading these comments:  MS MARVEL TV SHOW IS AMAZING!!!  The show has CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT. Amazing. And a female lead starts off as not perfect & makes some big, BIG mistakes. And learns from them. And does better.  It NEEDS to be watched.
It's awesome to know that it blows as much as we all knew and hoped it would. Bahaha!
Your reviews are legit my favorite.
Jeremy is usually a little chill on the Disney/marvel nonsense. With this review, I can’t imagine what the Critical Drinker will say! Yikes so long Marvel.
I think mcu is officially dead
The sooner you understand wokeness, the easier it is to see behind the curtain
Great review
The villain in this movie looks like a really sweet mom trying to tell her kids a spooky bedtime story. I doubt that’s what this movie was going for.
Grace Randolph liked this so I knew it was crap
Not paying for it. Jeremy didn’t even bother mentioning Samuel L. Jackson (he is at least in the trailers?). That says quite a lot too 😅
Vague Spoilers if you care... That post credit scene is so they can FINALLY sneak one of their years old acquisitions into an MCU movie using the worst (but one of the smarter and more logical) character they could
Jeremy never likes female centric movies
We don't have a few years. Climate change is accelerating.
Dang, I was thinking the problem in the movie was going to be a more introspective problem with all The Marvels not a boring villain. I was gonna tap out on the MCU after this but I guess I’m tapped out now
Phase 4 and 5 is a fever dream if marvel wants to save this universe they can simply say this was hulks snap and it's shit    And they could start a new timeline from Tony's snap
So the question is  What's the worst Morbius Quantumania  The marv3ls  Fantastic 4 with michael b jordan
I'm actually surprised they allowed reviews to be published.
I always cherish your reviews 😄
I think we need a spoiler talk or even a state of MCU discussion with Jeremy. Because there has been so much Marvel film and tv content and especially in the last 5 years and it is to a point where it is like “what is the plan…” like yeah Disney will do as they please until the actual children as their target audience says “this sucks” but i don’t even know if we will get that far.
You could've dropped a bunch of spoilers and I don't think many if any would care.
Ms. Marvel is actually a really good show for what it is. If you go in expecting some deep, adult story you'll have a bad time, but if you go in expecting a quirky and fun highschool comedy with superpowers it's a really fun ride.
Whilst I agree that Marvel need a break I do worry what affect that would have on cinemas/theatres that are already struggling. Whilst I’m not a fan of the MCU myself I can’t deny that Marvel films get bums on seats so to speak.
Mid review skit was PERFECT - genuinely laughed out loud!!
As people have said,  the best MCU villian is Ultron, because he downloaded the entire internet,  and decided that humans have to go.
the "black girl magic" line was definitely written by AI 😂😂😂😂😂 unless it's a parody, I just refuse to believe that a human being would write that 😂😂😂😂😂
"Put a chick in it, make her gay and lame!"
idk man, this movies pretty great. Laughed out loud plenty of times, it’s great fluffy fun. Guardians 3 beats it by a mile but for a mainline mcu movie it’s the funnest we’ve had in awhile. Like what we expected Love&Thunder and Quantumania to be.
PLEASE do a spoiler review
I’ll pass , only watching shit that looks like it will be worth my time
Love your brutal honesty as opposed to the soy boy simps pretending this is the greatest thing ever, ever.
These women could not even hold onto Thano's glove for more than three minutes before dropping it! GARBAGE!
AI? If AI was writing Hollywood scripts they would probably be good! Although it was Bots, Woke Bots under instruction to 'Put a chick in it and make it lame!'! 😂
Prior success of the MCU was the individual movies that fleshed out most the characters the ended up in the Avengers. Now they just seem to be throwing shit against a wall ti see what sticks. That's why the Rambeau character doesn't feel right because there is no origin behind her. Marvel has lost its touch in providing quality movies period point blank.😢
Marvel is DEAD !  I liked the first Capt. Marvel, wd have seen a real sequel if Marvel didn't flush itself down the toilet.
Fuck The Marvels. Watch David Fincher's The Killer. In theaters if it's playing near you
Can you please do a review on the new Castlevania
Why am i not surprise. Theyre just banking on the fact that they have 3 characters together from diffrent movies/ shows coming together to get people excited about this movie. Just pure laziness to rely on that.
gratest MCU Vilain is DISNEY WITH THEIR WOKE SHITT!!!
Movie franchises are being written like pro wrestling now in the sense that studios are convinced they have to keep pumping out movies and keep the story going for the cash to keep coming in...but do they have to?
Marvel movies sucking is not surprising nowadays. Still, I'm always curious to se how much they suck anyway
This movie cost nearly 300M btw not counting marketing xD
I highly doubt anyone cares enough bout waiting to seeing this grade Z for zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz- fest, piece of hot trash before getting spoilers. So spoil away.
Really sucks how difficult it is to legitimately criticize this kind of stuff because the "anti woke" losers muddy the water
My least favorite MCU movie is Black Panther. I mean, It’s good but completely unbelievable. It’s more believable that a scientist can change into the Hulk than Wakanda somehow became the richest, most technologically advanced country on the planet without ANY trading from other countries. How’d they get their money and from who. How’d they get their education? It takes first world money to get a first world education. Having a wealth of precious metal doesn’t matter if you keep it to yourself. Imagine if the Middle East just kept all its oil to itself. Imagine how worse off they would be. My point is, the entire concept of the Black Panther and Wakanda drips of white guilt. Consider the source. The writer and the illustrator are both white guys in the prime of their lives during the civil rights movement and created Black Panther in the mid-60s. And he “just happens” to be a king of a secret super rich, super advanced African country. Of course, when we all think of technological powerhouse countries, African nations jump to the top of our lists. Oh, that’s right, they don’t. Unless you feel bad about being a Caucasian during civil rights, in which case central Africa is the perfect spot for such a place. T’Challa’s arguably the most complete Avenger. He’s the richest, he’s as athletic as Captain America thanks to his Black Panther powers, he’s got at least as many fighting skills as Black Widow, he’s a master of every weapon known to man, he may even be the smartest Avenger on a team that includes Bruce Banner and Tony Stark. I know that it’s just supposed to be a fun movie but Black Panther feels like the superhero version of John Cena; all strength and, with his suit on, almost no weaknesses. His character feels thirsty to be considered great, almost to the point of being blaxploitative. Spider-Man exploits the culture of living in NYC but at least he still feels vulnerable and beatable. But not Black Panther. No, he’s so strong and complete a hero that the only thing that can possibly match him is ANOTHER Black Panther. Though this is forgivable and predictable seeing as how all Avengers fight mirror images of themselves. But why exactly should we root for him and/or feel bad for him? Tony Stark went from arms dealer to superhero good-guy 1/4 of the way into his movie. Almost all of his movie, T’Challa only cared about keeping Wakanda a secret and helping only his people. I’m glad he’s an Avenger but I would believe this premise more if it took place in Asia. BTW, two black Avengers and no Asians or Eastern Indians???
Didn't Fantastic Four Rise of the Silver Surfer do the "power swap" or am I imagining that?
the south park meme will come truth if this movie success....
Groovy
I’m excited to watch it 👍
Was just loling so much when Jeremy dkes the whole skit about creating the female villain and then mentioning South Park 😂😂😂😂
I was a marvel day one release guy ... christ sake me and my girlfriends anniversary is the 5th May. When they would drop a new movie.. but ever seen endgame... the quality is just there. Spiderman now way home was OK and then I havnt liked a single one since guardians 3 had elements that's gave me a glimmer off hope. But I stopped going to the theatre after Dr strange 2 simply because the fight between the 2 dr strange was so short and not as epic as I though.  Either bring back the og avengers or fuck the entire thing in the bin
Thumbs-up for the walla walla bing bang callback... MCU... More Crap Unfiltered.
I'm still looking forward to it. Most of the reviews I've read in last few hours have been positive. And every review pretty much agrees Iman Vellani is the highlight. No surprise there. She was just fantastic on Ms Marvel.
they need to can KK already and give it to some one that actually cares about these franchises not woke agendas and politics
So excited for this movie... s Youtube reviews. Am i fuck watching it 😂
ducktales reference is epic
So the best thing MCU does now is connecting characters through multiverse, and that’s it. They don’t care about the plot, the story, the vfx anymore.
When the trailers showed more of the infinity saga than the actual movie, you know the studio has no faith in it
Jeremy looks drunk.
I’ve oddly only seen good reviews of it until now but I know these movies aren’t really your thing so I get it. Respect your take either way.
Brilliant 😂😂😂😂
Sucks that you didn't like the movie but I'm still going in cautiously optimistic.
Kamala is a great character in the books, one of the best few new characters they've come up with in the last few years I'll say.  She has her own personality, her own distinct origin and environment.  I don't know how much it got better or worse with time but I really enjoyed the first run of her book back then.
Kamala Khan is the main reason I'm not seeing this movie. She feels like a self insert character who just discovered what Marvel Comics are like 2 weeks ago.
My least favorite mcu movie is: Avengers: Age of Ultron (haven't seen any phase 4/5, movie except spider man) Least favorite villain: the gold people from guardians 2
Im just here for Marvel’s downfall 🍿
PUt a chick in it and make her gay!!!
I hated miss marvel I guess this is 100% not for me 😅
Movie was such a downer that Jeremy couldn't throw his usual end punch😂...
I definitely will pass on this movie an wait for streaming, but I think Jeremy is becoming a grumpy fu@k in his old age!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
Damn, I was really hoping this would at least be fun
Cars 3 ending made me a misogynist anti Disney 😂 no shame tired of people not standing up to this crap
As someone who saw Ms Marvel, I can saw that despite its flaws in the writing,  Iman Vellani’s optimistic and bubbly performance as Kamala was the best thing about it. It helps that she actually reads the comics and knows how to portray the character she’s playing. Sucks that this movie is kinda mid, though. Iman deserves better. She’s a great upcoming actress and I’d like to see her in more stuff.
This movie Is getting reviewers more followers 😂❤
Honestly taking the idea of the quantum bands in the comics where rick Jones swapped places with captain Mar-vell (or genis) and one of them would just be sitting in limbo (negative zone) unknowing when They would be tagged back or even if ever would make a great indie movie. your the  only person who can stop a massive threat  but you have to switch with another person in order to do so without knowing if they would tagg you in after. The head games alone revolve if around that would be worth it alone
This definitely looks like it should have been a Disney+ movie.
I couldn’t wait to see your review lol
Had hopes because the director is pretty cool because she mentioned being influenced by things like Final Fantasy Advent Children and the Last of Us games... oh well.  Hopefully it was people above her that held her back.  I can't imagine the directors of these movies having any creative control at this point...
Jeremy jahns pitch meetings plz 🙏👌
Absolute scathing review 🤣
I'm glad that Ms. Marvel's actress stands out. Hopefully her career is left unharmed.
Marvel became broken after Thor Ragnorok when it was ok to dumb play the Characters you’ve been watching for decades. Thor Love and Thunder, garbage. Now this. Awesome. I walked out of Thor Ragnorok and haven’t watched one Marvel film in the Theater. Won’t watch this one either.
Sometimes Jeremy is more honest than Chris Like I understand why Chris's reviews are like that nowadays because he's now making films for Hollywood, so if he's being fully honest. There's a possibility that could ruin his career as a filmmaker.  While Jeremy? Full blown honesty, doesn't give a sht of what others may think of his reviews. And that's what we need for a movie review.
MCU died with Endgame
I don't understand. The Guardians trilogy already figured out how to balance space shenanigans with character building. And yet we just can't get it done for our newest heroines. It's sad. I was really hoping Captain Marvel could get something to win her over to audiences, barring the "wahh, everything is woke" whiners.
Now just waiting for the Critical Drinkers Response😂😂
U guess its Quantumania, Id say she-hulk but that wasnt a fucking movie.
It’s written by NPC not AI. Kinda the exact opposite. Real stupid.
Glad to see that this movie met all our expectations and even surpassed them 😂
it's really sad what's happening with the MCU ... I used to get excited for each movie, now I just don't care anymore ... the MCU definitely needs to take a break and focus on quality over quantity
I def expected the dog shit rating after ripping the movie apart like that lol
Honestly, can’t believe they didn’t make the villain a straight, white male.
Easily hands down the perfect reivew 😅😅😅😅
3:20 I suddenly really want to see a collab with Ryan George.
"PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAYY!"
I am hoping for a tales from the comment section on this
The face says it all. If there wasn’t Disney + this would be straight to DVD marvel movie.
Ms Marvel, as a show, was charming as fuck. I liked it.
least favorite MCU movie is The Eternals.  Saw it once and really didn't care for it.
So they put three chicks in it, made them gay and lame...got it.
i bailed in the MCU after Spiderman No Way Home. i feel like i left at a good time
"The villain in this movie is the absolute worst and this is the MCU so that's saying something"
I feel like all these reviewers just shit on everything cause thats what everyone wants to see.  Its so boring.
Jeremy, you are right in everything you said there. The trailers were pretty clear in showing how goofy, poor and cheesy would be the plot and everything else in this production. I am pretty sure this movie is worse than Thor 4. I heard another critics saying that this movie is in the same level of Henry Danger series. Good luck for those are going to spend money and time to watch that crap. I prefer saving my money. Thanks Jeremy for warning us about this dog shit movie.
Monica Rambo is there for diversity and inclusion purposes. And Ms. Marvel. And the villain. And Captain Marvel. Not to mention the director got hired with no experience but at least She’s female and black. Good job Disney for continuing to fuck up everything.
cats spoiler lite: "Flirkin escape pods."
So it’s sucks, got it!
Post Marvel DLC. Sums it up
Yaira volume 1>The Marvel's
Modak got it worse than the Dark Elves. 😔
The thumbnail on the vid says it all. Just wanted to hear how you put the nail in that coffin. I liked that Ronan pitch skitt, that was good!
Calling this phase of MCU, DLC is fucking hilarious
AI would write better because it can be trained. It would require only a speck of care.
I'm literally only watching this because I plan to make a video about it. Otherwise, I had not plans to watch this movie. And yes, Iman Vellani is great in Ms. Marvel.
Dogs**t, and the thumbnail was a dead giveaway. Not quite dog but horrible enough.
From what I'm hearing, this isn't even worth a watch on *The High Seas*.
Isn't Captain Marvel the bottom of the barrel for MCU? Are you telling me this one is even worse?
3:31 so hilarious, because you know that's exactly how it went down.
It scares me that this could be worse than Love and Thunder
Somebody please send pitch meeting a clip from 3:22 to 3:48… Please work together
Captain Marvel just hasn't been that interesting unfortunately. We saw it ever since her debut.
I miss Duck Tales.
One reviewer I watched literally compared this film to Superman IV: The Quest for Peace, that's never a good thing to have your film compared to one of the worst movies of all time.
8:23 Jeremy becomes Ace Ventura. As for the film, it looks like a total dud, checking it out Friday....for my sins.
Credit scene yay
Yet another review which attempts to make grand statements about the MCU in general.  Ok so it’s a bad film, but you can’t judge the MCU as a whole on the basis of one film. Loki is the best thing on TV at the moment and Guardians 3 was great. I know some people like to have an agenda about the MCU but when you base that on cherry picking then that agenda falls apart immediately.
Star Wars is turning great movies into drawn out miniseries, and then this concept that I assumed this whole time was a show is actually a movie? I thought this would just collect dust on Disney+ for the people who are into it and let the rest of us not think about it
Marvel just wants dc films to catch up lol
"We landed on a planet where everyone sings" straight up sounds like a Disney short cartoon premise.
Put a chick in it, and make her ghaaaaaay!!!!
This would have been the perfect opportunity to introduce Rouge from X Men
Kelsey Grammar Beast is in the END CREDITS SCENE there I saved you like $50 dollar movie night  I am glad Kelsey Grammar is back as Beast But I am also glad I got spoiled so I don’t have to waste my time seeing this piece of shite
Never attribute to Artificial Intelligence that which can be explained by natural stupidity
Idk I think AI would be doing better.
3:40 That was the perfect time to paraphrase the now famous Kathleen Cartman line "Take Ronin; but make him a chick both gay and lame."
I'm done with Marvel and Disney. After seeing the trailer this was made for TV.  Thank you for saving me over $35 at the movies because instead of giving us characters, both male and female, that fans love they're forcing this feminist BS down our throats and it phucking sucks
I agree with you, MCU needs to end for a year or two, rethink and start again fresh
This was a great Review Jeremy You crushed it again
Why didn’t they have an alternate ronin from a different multiverse maybe from a reality where he serves kang or something   Feels a bit weird clamouring for more multiverse since usually its a bad thing now but at least you’ll have a better villain and it is the multiverse saga after all idk  Also the post credit scene was pretty hype but if it outshines your movie then it is a bit of a problem ngl
Flawless mediocrity achieved. Well done Marvel, this is what you wanted. Too bad nobody else wanted this.
Great review! Thank you for the brutal honesty 🎉
you need to review the loki show, only good thing marvel has going on.
A planet where people sing? Good Lord, someone has been digging into the 80s Transformers cartoon, only to pull out the worst parts of it.
The major problem with these bought Disney IP's, Marvel and Star wars, is that it feels like they're pandering to an audience that just doesn't exist. Both of those franchises have a built-in audience that desperately wants to love and support these movies and TV series. They don't respect that audience nor the source material though, so you end up with this constant stream of shit movies that nobody wants.
It’s sad when the review of a 300 million dollar movie is far more entertaining than the movie.
Carol and Monica should be practically family. But we barely got any of that before this point. We were JUST getting there before Captain Marvel's film ended. If they were running together in another movie or in the background of WandaVision and Miss Marvel's series, then sure, the relationship will be believable.
The writers didn't go on strike for this crap
I'm definitely passing on this movie. Im worn out on the mcu
How was this not dogshit?
Quick Summary > 02:12
When I heard of the plot of the Marvels I instantly thought of that Phineas and Ferb and Marvel crossover movie
Nerdrotic gonna rip this one apart
I was´t feeling it with this movie, I still might go and watch Miss Marvel but yeah having a boring plot and villian just dose´t sound appeling. Especially when it´s based on a established villian. I don´t agree with most people who calls Ronan boring. Underused but he got scenes and build up that tells us a lot about him, but sadly the final fight was just okay not great, the spaceship battle was what made it intresting.
I will be seeing this just to see how bad it is.
Make him a chick, and gay!
My excitement for the MCU is basically relegated to Spider-Man at this point. As someone who watched every MCU film in theaters (except the OG Thor) up until Far From Home, I have to admit Endgame felt like the closing chapter.
Bruh this movie is an hour and a half. How is there this much stuff crammed in here?!
Also, it makes me happy to see grey coming in the beard bro. Been watching your stuff since like 2015 or so, you’ve been a staple of my YouTube experience
3:20 you should collaborate with Ryan of Pitch Meeting for this one or future.
I agree, MCU needs to take a break and stop making movies for about 3 years and make ppl miss them
If Disney ran professional sports they would replace all the guys with preachy girl bosses.
This film could of easily been a 6 episode Disney+ series
This is either the greatest thing or the worst thing for DC. They can capitalize of this crumble and use it to truly give themselves a fresh light or people are just genuinely fatigued and are like “FUCK OFF BORING SUPER HERO MOVIES”  Fascinating
😞 Based on the trailers I had a bit of hope that this movie might at least be kind of good based on the dynamic between the three main heroines, but now I see that hope was misplaced.
Any jujutsu kaisen fans all I'm just hoping the fights got oogie boogie energy
I appreciate that you buttoned up the shirt to make Your Hollywood producer gag work, but only changed jackets. It’s the subtle details which make Jermey Jahns a legend.
"What is this movie about?"  Diversity. Equity. Inclusion.
Monica wakes up in the X-Man universe in the post credit. There saved you less than 2 hours of movie!😅
Calling everything post Endgame a DLC is an absolutely perfect metaphor for it.
6:26 okay there's a planet where people can only communicate through song? That's just the plot of the worst episode of G1 Transformers Carnage in C-Minor. 🤣
No matter how cool the super hero is, these movies are only as good as their villain(s) and most movies spend zero time or effort on it.
Isn't the badguy meant to be Ronan's daughter? I guess if she is they did a really poor job of telling that story not that I'm surprised when the director is saying dumb stuff like your in the middle of a take and you ask what am I doing here?
MCU ended with End Game. Whatever it is now is just a sad parody.
The South Park comment: Brilliant. Genius.
For me endgame was the end of following the MCU. With the exception of no way home I could care less about what’s going on
How frunk do you have to be before it becomes a good time
Great review bro
No surprise, the Canadian was the most entertaining actor in the film…
I'm not watching it
Sounds as bad as the trailers looked 😆 would not watch it for free.
Put a chick in it, make it lame and …….
Love the Dr. Cox reference Jeremy
Freaky Friday bad why would they do this
You’re a 40 year old white guy, Brie doesn’t want your opinion, The Marvels wasn’t made for you.
WTF are you folks talking about!?? I absolutely love this post-Endgame phase of the MCU --- it has saved me SO MUCH MONEY!
Didn't Ronan's hammer get shattered at the end of GotG1 by Rocket's Hadron Enforcer? Did they just... forget that?
Aw damn it.
The marvels is truely one of the movies ever made
You have to review The Holdovers! I promise you will love it!
I don’t understand why this guy has almost 2m subscribers, he is horribly boring just like the marvels will be .
Havent watched ms marvel. But from the first trailer it did look like ms marvel had most of the charm and stuff.
What's funny is that those culture war channels talking about how "wokeness" is destroying all human civilization will probably do far more to get people thinking about this film than the actual film does on its own
Why you gotta hate on ducktails such a good series
Put and chick in it and make sure shes lame
Which was the gay lame chick?
"Mcu, thats saying something"  Personally i dont agree with this, the franchise villain out put has been good. They were on a crazy streak for awhile.  Compared to, x-men, mission impossible, sony spiderman  universe, transformers,  james bond etc.
Disney, let the MCU die already
The last thing i watched from marvel was she hulk the last movie i watch was Black Panther 2. It's sad my interest in characters i love has is gone now. The only thing that will bring me in again other than Spider-Man will be X-Men and Fantastic Four as well as Daredevil and Blade. And as far as i know none of that stuff is coming anytime soon. And knowing Blade and Daredevil going through so man rewrites and other delays it hurts.
This movie proves that the current generation of movie writers are overpaid and under-skilled. Just fire them all.
I said it before and I'll say it again this movie will bomb and we will love it..... WAIT is the MCU the DCEU now
Recent movies are not written by AI, just really bad writers. AI's analyze what is popular and successful in the industry, before creating a script.  So in theory, an AI could write better scripts than a human.
You pointed something interesting, the premisse is interesting and could go for a more strategic way of fighting like: I have to decide when to use it. Limitation is the key for making your hero stronger. MCU and Disney is wasting SO MUCH MONEY! Seriously they need to say to a director: You have 50 millions and not a penny more! Do a great movie. If they don't ok no huge losses. If they score they'll score big, or at least will get their money back.
Happy to hear... That Iman is good
Can we just appreciate Kamala’s casting? Iman Vellani is just pitch perfect as Ms Marvel. I think soon enough she’ll join the hall of fame of perfect castings like RDJ as Iron Man, Chris Evans as Captain America, Kelsey Grammer as Beast, etc.
Dam Jeremy movie feels like work lol
Didn't a feminist wrote the first captain marvel, I wouldn't be surprised if the same feminist or a different feminist wrote this movie 🙄🙄💀
Aside from the obvious Woke Contagion that Disney spreads all throughout all their films...  Kathleen Cartman Kennedy: "Just put a lesbian in the movie and make it more f*cking LAME!!!"  The Box Office poster alone makes it look like a low-budget Power Rangers-style TV show for kids. Even if I had my head buried in the sand and I thought Marvel movies were still a safe bet, I would have declared this film as Lame just looking at the poster. Why does the poster give off this weak childish Power Rangers-like feel to it? Because the actors/women DO NOT LOOK like Heroes. They just look like women Playing heroes...like the "Teenagers" in the Power Rangers.
The only thing to be excited for was just Ms. Marvel, and thats not even for the character herself, its just cause the actress is a mega nerd who loves the universe to the point where she brought up one of the biggest plot holes in i think spiderman far from home. Idc if people hate the character cause there is stuff there to hate, but the actress just seems awesome.  As for the rest of it, looked really boring and like they had 0 idea how to advertise it. Nearly every ad was "oh man look at these BADASSES who are BADASS, but also SILLY teehee", and then all of a sudden its super serious and just... Relying on older moments in the MCU to try and generate interest? It just seems like a visionless mess.
I am still going to see it, but this is the 3rd review of this movie saying the same thing: parts of it was meh, and the actress playing Ms. Marvel is what makes this movie.
Jeremy is one of the few reviewers that's unbiased. Always good to hear someone not constanstly complain about "wokeness."
Haha another pandaverse mistake by Marvel :)
Every reviewer today that I've watched has said that The Marvels is a bad movie, glad I had absolutely no interest in seeing it to begin with.  It is sad that the MCU/M-she-U(terus) has fallen the way it has.......
The way Jeremy just bashed this movie I thought for sure it was going to get the dogshit rating.
Is it worse than Blue Beetle ? Damn, that movie was so bad...
Looking dead in the camera and telling us even he doesn’t know what the plot is and he actually saw it tells me all I need to know.
Ok😅, ... Yeah. That just happened. I can't wait to see this movie now. Nachos and Guinness makes everything better, even an B-movie written by ChatGPT with Feige's stamp of approval. Who knows I may watch it twice... Might need that Uber.
Yawn 😴
Considering how many fucks and shits Jeremy uttered I can tell he was somehow pissed to talk about this movie.
If marvel took a break, it would be the end. Once they came back people would feel like been there done that.
I love how everyone used to rip into Ronan for being a weak villain but now he has become the benchmark for decency. Oh how the turned tables have turned.
It can't be worse than the first one can it? The first one was worst of all for MCU.
Some mfs always trying to iceskate uphill
lol
Ms. Marvel is awesome
The post credit scene was the only thing that was good
Ever since I was a kid I've heard how awesome Mar-vell was, flashback to 10 years later and we got Ms Marvel who was never interesting. The only take of her that i Liked was from Avengers Earths Mightiest heroes
4:34 jeremy might just have had a premonition 😂
RATED S FOR SHITSVILLE
Thank you for being one of the few critics I can actually trust and feel like you're being honest
The directors of black widow , loki tv series  , wonder woman 84 , captain marvel , eternals care more about laughs and moments over continuity and story telling .....
I'm with you on this one... watched Captain Marvel and WandaVision... didn't watch Ms. Marvel but I find her only interesting part in all promotional materials.
you always keep it to the point and have a balanced perspective. best movie reviewer on youtube!
This was the most nerdy and boring review I’ve seen on this channel. All I got was this movie is shit😂
The marvel verse is dead with endgame.....     I'll say it till I'm Ironman avenger in the face!
I thought the bar was so low that Disney couldn't possibly fall below expectations on this movie. Joke's on me.
1:18 I love her!
Go woke go broke
at least Iman can work on good movies. Good for her, disappointed with Monica, thought there was potential.
weirdest thing about this movie, is Ms Marvel has had more screentime than Captain Marvel coming into this
Ronan worked, despite being daft because Lee Pace appeared to be thoroughly enjoying hamming it up playing him. The villain in this appears to just be him but played by Tom Hiddleston's girlfriend. Wonder how she got the role...
Captain Marvel was so underwhelming and disappointing I never trusted this movie from the start and I was correct.
Least favorite mcu movie this one and the eternals and the first two thor movies  Least favorite mcu villains the dark elf
Lol post-endgame dlc
its not so much a problem of making people miss you , is a problem of pushing characters and plotlines that noone cared , not in comic books , not in mainstream public and you have 2 whole " phases " as proof of failure
The fact that you didn't stay for the post credits is all I needed to know.
i cant believe you paid to see this lol
I can’t wait for the Critical Drinkers review.
There are so many amazing comic book stories that would blow audiences away if they became movies. But no. Marvel and DC are obsessed with shoving remarkable characters into absolute shit movies.  Pick up a comic book Marvel or DC! You literally own a million fantastic scripts!
Movie not even out yet and the trolls already need to review bomb it. Why did Marvel ever think these kids would be ok with a movie existing with leads that aren't stereotypical white dudes?
I was really hoping for a dog💩 rating lmao
I think if I watched the movie, Kamala Khan will definitely be my favorite character
Maybe not written by AI but basically the people who wrote this garbage are surely bots in human form, so there’s that
I legit believe Marvel/Disney has zero idea on what to do. They are obviously trying to build up the new avengers with the kids but are failing horribly.
I legit didn't even know this movie existed until now.  Never saw any discussion about it on social media.
The all woman cast thing is getting super old for them to feel as good as they do about it lol.
Reboot coming soon...
Loved the bit in "the studio"! LOL
Pretty much confirmed my suspicions. Will pass on this just like I did with eternals and ant man and the wasp quantumania and wakanda forever. I saw black widow and thor love and thunder and they were garbage. I did see Guardians 3 which was alright.
We all know why the mcu sucks now, the same reason starwars does, these weird feminists just use these brands to cope
I'm more excited to see all the reviews more than the actual movie! LMFAOOOOOOOO
Haven't seen the movie, my only question is... Is it worse than Captain Marvel?
Jeremy going full SAVAGE! Love it
I'm pretty sure the vilian was male in the comics
i was going to go see but shit nevermind
You can tell he wanted to actually say it was utter garbage.
Well, not even going to give it my energy.
Post Endgame MCU Dlc is a great line.
Tell me it's dog shit without telling me it's dog shit.
Jeremy!!!!!! GHOSTERBUSTERS NEW TRAILER DROPPED!!! THOUGHTS?
Credits scene was the best part
Thanks to South Park, even Jeremy now is talking more freely about the pandering haha I’ve always suspected that it was something that started to get on his nerves, but he never said it out loud until now, even if it was in a comedy bit.
The Fat South Park Kathleen Kennedy comes to mind.
This is the first time marvel lived up to my expectations since no way home😂
I’d rather watch the powerpuff girls live adaptation.
T-1... ooh!! Ok. OK. For a moment I thought he was going to give the movie a "D@gshit" score. xD
This guy hates women fr 💀
you cant say that incopetent people with an agenda write shit like this because you are "toxic" then so we will get more of this in the future
MCU is in serious trouble.
The only good Marvel movie since Endgame was GOTG3, and I definitely don't care about Carol Danvers. I've checked out of the MCU, especially with all of the Disney+ shows (since I refuse to subscribe), although I miiiiiiiiiight have subbed just to see Daredevil--cause D'onofrio and Cox are so damn good in the series. Read the room, Disney.
Either you die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain - The MCU
There's over half a century of stories for MCU writers to adapt &/or pull from, but those in charge have repeatedly stated that storytelling is NOT their priority, diversity and representation is. And thus, we get content like The Marvels.  You can have storytelling AND diversity/ representation, Star Trek used to do it all the time before new-trek.  Until the era of hamfisted and lazy identity politics ends, we'll keep getting served this.
Welcome to the M-She-U
Absolute dog shit film wtf was that!!!!! Rip marvel
6:45- That was actually in an ep of the original Transformers.
FEMALE SUPER HEROES 🥱🥱
Thank you Jeremy for always being honest in your reviews. One of the rare honest reviewers, whos not a shill! And yeah, F this feminist M She U garbage Marvel propaganda.
maybe its unfair since i vowed never to see it again, but eternals.  eternals is by far the most bored ive ever been in a marvel movie
I could see this being another Marvel show.
3:40 That “BRILLIANT” in the background KILLED me.
Cartman:Put a Chick in it and make her gay 😂
This is literally the lowest rating he ever gave an MCU movie. That really shows a turning point.
I have no interest in marvel movies anymore.  Unless they do Great Lakes Avengers.  I'd watch that.  As long as they kept rhe gender changing blue werewolf
The movie was actually pretty dog shit 😊
I've said it before- Marvel has forgotten how to make Marvel movies. The director or core team or whatever need to go on a retreat where they have a Marvel movie marathon and watch everything they have made from Iron man to The Marvels and see for themselves where they went wrong.
We all saw this coming, everyone and I mean everyone expected this
Imagine being in a world where fanfiction is better written than actual big budget, $200mil movies by the largest studio in human history.
Dis66ney acquired both star wars and marvel..... Marvel have over 50 years of comics and stories and world building.... Star wars not far behind has 40years of novels films and world building.... How dis666ney can destroy x2 franchises shows how inept and empty they are....instead they get there own writers to do there own take and VOILA blow them to smithereens.... They could of bern making great fan pleasing material for both and for a new genetation but you blew it disney HUGELY
Oh come on. Marvel Really please take a 2 year break. It is so sad to see marvel keep churning out mediocore stuff. We don't need to keep seeing this.
That “Business Meeting” Roleplay as hilarious because….   That’s EXACTLY what happened 😂😂😂 seriously though, awesome review👌👍👍
Close friend of mine who loves Marvel went and saw it, he said it was very boring
three things ms marvel ruined within three 3 years outside of her comics that dont sell, the avengers game, ms marvel tv show and this movie. congrats disney
I’m so happy you didn’t hold back. What has marvel become over these last few years?
Was really surprised he didn't Dogshit it in the end. Along the way was really looking like it.
Dang bro! Tell us how you really feel! 😂
Ms Marvel's show plot is a bit disjointed, but the actress is great and the character is fun. She makes you love her character, and that's a good thing. The only reason I'd want to see this movie, is Ms Marvel, and my expectation is the rest of the movie will just be poor writing.
We all knew this movie was going to be horse shit.   Thank you for confirming this.    That is something that I thought about seeing the trailer Ronan should not have been killed off, this chick comes off as a terrible substitute that is only there because the Heroes need a foil to them. In Captain Marvel one, it showed he was interested in her power. It would have made sense to bring him back to face off with her in a final confrontation. Marvel doesn't need to kill off every villian that otherwise could have a reappearance in future movies. Oh well.
The trailers were way too cringey to even care to see it. 33 MCU movies it's just getting boring and pointless now. Actually there is a point, to give Disney more money.
msheu is dead bruuhhh...long time ago.
3:21 lol
Such a reree you have no clue about these movies bro
DuckTales is better than this.
can't wait to not watch this movie
IGN gave this a 8/10 lol
it's feminists, not AI. both only sdteal other creativity, t repackage it, hence why it feels similiar.
See miles is both spider man and wolverine so his wolverine would have claws and web powers and could put blade against the wall with webs and stab through him and the whole plot would basically be what civil war is the 2 spider man’s and dare devil are protecting the mcu morbius from the mcu blade and his 2 variants the story really writes it self
I'm only seeing it for Ms.Marvel
Oh gosh, what if..the “power” in her hammer is..”the Panderstone…?”  Also, it does sound like “an overproduced underdeveloped piece of trash”
I thought the CGI on one particular character in the post credits was pretty clean
Ign gave it an 8/10 lol
My least favorite MCU movie would be Ant-Man and the Wasp because for the love of me I cannot keep that movie in my memory no matter how many times I watch it, there are a few good scenes in that movie that stuck with me but other than that it keeps slipping out of my memory just like the villain of that movie and it took me a while to remember her tbh. Her character is the most forgettable one but I think by the looks of it, The Marvel's movie villain is going to take that place now. The other least favorite villain has to be MODOK and I think they missed a good opportunity to write him well but instead turned Yellowjacket into him with a stretched face which I didn't like personally
Agree. Went and saw The Marvels a few hours ago on the first premiere screening. There wasn’t a big audience…pretty sad 😞   Unfortunately the movie was only ok. I liked the Marvels team interactions, Kamala intro and continued character arc, music, and Fury stuff. Just the story and editing was a bit meh and sloppy. Felt like chunks of the movie was missing after they first swap places.  Honestly the ending and end credits scene were the most hyped awesome thing! So epic! I cheered in joyful shock 😅 Excited for the future of the MCU!  You definitely gotta watch The Marvels to keep up with upcoming movies/shows
"They swap powers when they use them" Never understood what Captin Mar-Vel or Captain Rambeau powers actually were. In the comic Carol Danvers had powers given to her by the Brood, but in the movie an explosion gave her powers instead of killing her. Maybe it's small pieces of the engine biting her like the radioactive spider bitting Peter Parker?
This has to be one of the funniest reactions you’ve ever done. Every joke landed.
Nobody cares about these boring characters
I try not to be so critical. I go in just expecting to have a decent time. And I rented Everything Everywhere All at Once super excited and turned it off halfway through. I found it stupid, pretentious, confusing, and her character was such a douche. I was very disappointed, which seems to be what happens with me and the overly pretentious A24 studio. I will say Secret Invasion was very meh though.
The MCU is dead. Once its gone for good cinima should finally be able to evolve again.
haha was expecting no one 2 like this but damn no matter what i cannon hate it..
The plot is to milk the IP to death.
This movie to me is-meh
Oh no, it’s garbage. How unsurprising!
They put Valkyrie in this movie. They quite literally put in a chick in the movie and made her gay and lame. 😂😂😂😂
It's so sad that I'm not even disappointed anymore when a Marvel movie is shit.
If the mcu doesn't take a break they should at least stop pumping out like 3 to 5 movies and 3 to 6 tv shows a year do like 1 or 2 for a little bit and maybe 1 show a year
And how is this not Dogshit?
Thank you, Jeremy, for remaining independant and free of tone! It's becoming difficult to find objective reviewers out there.
I appreciate your honesty and you my friend are my favorite reviewer
It’s incredible. Any time I see a trailer, poster, or review for The Marvels, I have the same reaction of “Oh shit! I forgot they’re making another Captain Marvel.” Usually followed up with a long pause and a “Why?” Gotta give Marvel credit there. I have the exact same energy every time I think about this movie. That’s not something that happens often.
You know, a good team up movie that will not disappoint is 2018 swing kids. You should watch and review it. It won’t disappoint.
There have been quite a few solid projects that have come out after End Game: Wanda Vision, Loki S1 and S2, No Way Home, Across the Spider-Verse, GOTG3, Werewolf by Night. The rest have been OK, and several duds (Love and Thunder, Black Widow).  Between the Pandemic and Chapek rushing projects it was a dooming Marvel. I’ve been saying since Iger is back and Kevin Feige refocusing on the quality it would take about a year for the MCU to get back on track.
At least Jeremy didnt call this movie "dogshit", thats good enough for me. Ill go give it a watch.
1. Hire talentless hacks for diversity. 2. Dismiss any and all criticism by calling people -ists and -phobes. 3. Start losing profit as even the normies start catching on. 4. Hire cheaper hacks to save costs. 5. Wonder what went wrong as you still keep losing money.
The heart of the film is that she is Canadian.
Jeremy, what are you some kind of misogynist? How dare you not enjoy this movie! All jokes aside, I knew I would get a balanced and fair review. Sounds like I don’t need to waste my time watching this one
Who would've thunk that a female led superhero movie would fall flat on its face
lol
I don’t even need to watch the reviews anymore from Jeremy I only need to see the picture he posts with the video. Smile Brohanson…its only movies lol. I’m sure people will love/like this one.
I love soooooo much how Jeremy has avoided ideological vitriol.  He's obviously aware of that aspect, but doesn't let it infect his objectivity and loyalty to the search for a good story.  My most trusted source for movie and film reviews.  No contest.
The superhero genre is dead.😢
Ms marvel is definitely worth a watch! Iman Vellani is fantastic
Put a chick in it, make it gay, and make it lame
Getting used to watching MCU films in an empty theater 😅 what a disaster MCU in😢
When you say that the actress from one of Marvel's most "meh..." shows, IS the best part... yeah... its bad.
A.I. would do better.
I'm taking my daughter to this movie. The things parents will do for their kids... lol
There have been multiple accusers in comics. Ronan is just the most famous 1. Stop trying to make this a gender thing weirdo.
There's a reason why ronans hammer just does the purple attack again.. the studio doing the CGI were under a lot of pressure to finish and had to reuse assets
I thought after endgame marvel shouldve taken a 10-year break and built back the anticipation that made the first 4 phases so fun. Its all too much and too mundane now.
The only time I want to see 5 lead women in a movie is porn!
My least favorite mcu movie so far is either the second half of etenals because I actually like the first half but then the second half just ruined it or idk captain marvel or Thor the dark world but from what im hearing this might be my new least favorite and my least favorite villain is probably malekith or jude law from Captain marvel also I know you didn't say least favorite Disney+ show but I just finished secret invasion and yeah its that bad.
"BUT CAPTAIN MARVEL MADE A BI-" Shhhhh....your dumb is showing.
M she u meme makes so much sense here
7:54 That is what DC is doing after Aquaman 2. Taking a break. Only 1 DC movie is releasing in 2024 and that's Joker 2 and only 2 in 2025 The Batman 2 and Superman Legacy.
Go woke go broke....
I just needed to take a look at the thumbnail to know this movie is a pile of crap. Well done Jeremy.
Spoiler review please since no one will watch it anyways.
Yes, but women
Thanks for taking one for the team Jeremy no way i was going to watch this😂
CBM are for dorks, grow up creeps
Ooof thé face in the thumbnail… not impressed!
Just saw the movie, the singing part bruh, wtf. Marvel is becoming more and more like a disney movie.
I think if people want to start changing it up, if you want something different stop seeing these movies in cinemas because that’s saying “do better”
“What is it….ya do here!?” Great “Office Space” reference! 😅😅😅
Gotta love it when the lead actor wants out of the role.
Also that unironically does sound like a bangin' Ducktales episode.
I wish they had they might have an excuse but no its the writing in Hollywood
You do know the accuser position is a job title right Jeremy? So ANYBODY can take that role. So much small dick energy in that joke about female heroes.
But what about the strong female characters?
Well damn
Based on what was said in the video, I’m a bit surprised that the rating is not a level lower… will be interesting to see it amongst your annual rankings
more mcmuffins
Iman Vellani is great, and you can tell she's not only very passionate about Ms. Marvel, but Marvel Comics as a whole. Hope she still has a promising future playing the character, even if this movie is disappointing.
I'm still watching just for Iman's Kamala . Sad review though
First review of Cap. Marvels (not a mistake), Jeremy!! I'd bet it's also on point. Usually he is.   I'm waiting for Nerdrotic, The Drinker, Bonebridger, Doctor Disaster, Movie Cinic, Baggage Claim, Alteori, AZ with his famous rants, Disparu; then dinner time has to be elegant, The Little Platoon, Closer Look and finally, waiting if Mauler wants or care about performing one of his hilarious and comprehensive proceedings on this one.  I hope Jeremy remembers this movie for a little longer than a day, so he can give us the spoiler version of his excellent take.
Just like we all guessed.   Ms Marvel is good bc of the actress.  Rest of the movie is MSHEU 💩.
You should’ve just done the spoilers up front lol RIP THE BANDAID OFF   Also when you can, watch The Bear
I bet this review is more interesting than the movie
I feel like they’re gonna fuck up the x-men or whatever they call it
What South Park episode is he referring to?
Disney executives are confused about Marvel. This woke perspective is complete dog shit. It saddens me how they destroyed so many universes because of a lack of direction
“Put a chick in it & make her lame.”  South Park was right.
Damn I just realized Loki last episode is tomorrow as well as the marvels releasing, maybe there gonna do a thing like age of ultron and agents of shield again.
"Just put a chick in it and make her lame and gay"
Thank you for saving me $20 I would've wasted on this crap. Who am I kidding, I was never gonna go see this.
This is the flop everyone knew was coming. Let this be a lesson to Disney and Hollywood that these types of race bait, gender swap, political ideology type movies do not work and I hope this is Rockbottom
Yup saw it earlier today it uuuuh wasnt good and I went in with low expectations. I agree Marvel needs to put their projects on hold and reevalute wtf they're doing cause this really isnt it with their current movies.
I enjoyed my time with it. I was quite entertained. Fine for what it was. We must’ve seen two different movies though. You really seem to be pissed off. Pity.
Kathleen Kennedy needs to be fired
That new South Park shit really did some damage to Marvel.
He didn't punch the screen! HE DIDN'T EVEN PUNCH THE SCREEN!
I just can't get on board with Marvel any more.  Quite a serious nose dive for the most part, since Endgame, with one or two exceptions.
Shit, that really sucks. I was looking forward to this one. Fuck.
Please make a spoiler for you to talk more shit about this movie 😂
Jeremy and I are on the same wavelength. Disney should let the mcu rest for a couple of years, but then i think they should reboot it with unused characters
“Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I loved this movie and am growing tired of the cynicism directed towards Marvel. I know they're not perfect but this movie is certainly in the Good column for. Easily.
Well it is written by NPCs I'm pretty sure that's the same thing.
Thank you for watching this, so I do not have to!
This crap was not written by AI. It was written by crappy writers.
We've all heard about how terrible this movie was going to be but I hate to jump the gun so I wanted to wait and see. The fact that Jeremy goes out of his way to be fair and pretty nice to a movie and there was only one shining spot in this that he could find tells me everything I need to know about it.
PUT A CHICK IN IT. MAKE IT GAY AND LAME
Yeah sorry. I'm one of those haters. I never liked Capt Marvel in the comics. Captain Marvel the film was solid bottom tier MCU for me and I never understood its defenders. Capt Marvel in Endgame was forgettable at best. But I like good movies, have a soft spot for superheroes (though not so much lately), and kind of like Ms. Marvel...and the cute cats didn't hurt either. I was never going to see this in theaters, but I would have given it a chance on streaming if it had any interesting buzz. Not so. Hopefully this does badly enough that Marvel reassesses completely and comes back. There are still good stories to tell, but not from whatever if happening there right now.
Best part of the movie is the post credit scene. It's X-Men related. Best 1:26 of the movie lol
AI would like you to refrain from likening it's work to this level of work.
The guy running Disney was fighting to use AI as writers and copy/paste fake people into movies. This is what they get.  You should watch Ms. Marvel though. It's really fun and Iman is really having the time of her life in it. I think she said she actually filmed the movie before the show though, which should tell you a lot about how Marvel is running things currently. I honestly don't think they need a full stop, but they do need to STOP throwing $200m at everything. I bet this movie would have ruled if they gave Nia $75m and stayed out of her way, with the exception of notes that are necessary for the MCU at large. I LOVED her Candyman. I'm devastated they didn't just get her in and let her cook.
Disney gave me an ad for The Marvels before your video in which you trash The Marvel's.
I've been saying it. They should've took a break after No Way Home...like a good 5 years. It would've given the writers and the audience a break
Rip Stan Lee the MCU isn't the same without him
I hope you go and watch Ms. Marvel now. Personally I thought Iman Vellani is great and the show had a lot of heart and some really good characters. The music is awesome too! It's such a shame that the show was overlooked due to her being a little known character and people generally getting tired of the MCU
I watched a couple episodes of Ms. Marvel and I agree about the girl that plays her. She's generally likeable and should just focus on being independent of the rest of this to not get dragged down from the drama.
Do we have to say how woke this movie is    -  marvel is so woke now.
Always wondered how this movie would do without being sandwiched between to blockbuster movies. Can it do 1 million on its own steam.
Just look at Jeremy’s face in thumbnail 🥴 like I really try to give mcu the benefit of the doubt but they’ve done their best to make it difficult
Yep, I'm definitely sailing the high seas on this one
Kesley Grammer shows up as the Beast at the end of the movie in the post credits
I agree with the majority of this review but the whole hammer still having the power of the power stone makes sense to me because Captain Marvel still has the power of the space stone even though it was atomized
I'm surprised he didn't score it dogshit lol
Yes, PLEASE do a spoiler talk video! Because I want to know what happens but I don't want to have to watch the actual movie 😅
After the last Ant Man, I began forgetting it as I left the theater, lol...sad, but true.
Oh come on be honest. This is, DOGSHIT!
The mcu right now is like what thanos said in Endgame: As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist. I really wish marvel could go back to the ironman phase 2008. Sadly the mcu we have now has lost my interest. My only hope is deadpool 3 and whatever, whenever daredevil reboot series comes into play.
Please do a spoiler review! PLEASE 😂
M-She-u.  so tired
lmaooo the face in the thumbnail tells me everything I need to know😂
Well, so much for The Future is Female.
Like just for that “What the fuck man’” 😂
Well I mean it's not like we weren't expecting this. We knew from the start this was gonna be awful. Loki is the only thing keeping the MCU (kinda) alive
Dar-Been in the MCU was, in fact, both gender and race swapped.  He was male in the comics.
This must really be crap when this normie hates it. If Angry Joe also gives it a zero its game over for Marvel. They have lost the casuals.
Look lets be honest. It's Disney. Marvel went to shit when Disney bought thrm
Execution, character development??? Not in this day's MCU, it's only relevant that they're females and different colors. They don't get quality stories. 😢
Post endgame dlc got me hard Jeremy😂
That Kelsey Grammer beast be looking amazing
So.... It's garbage, like every YouTuber predicted from the day they announced this sad excuse of a movie
They should've started a new separate MCU world & universe not connected to the current MCU:  X-men (and their villians) Mutants  Fantastic 4 (and their villians) Deadpool  Blade Vampires Ghost rider Daredevil  Electra  Main big villains: Magneto  Mr Sinister  Apocalypse  Galactus
That thumbnail says it all 😂
Well I’m just glad it’s over for this crap… I’ll admit I had hope after End Game a the new streaming stories but alas it was all 💩.. I’ve already cancelled Disney + !!
First 4 minutes.  Safe to say it was an okay movie. Lol.
sounds horrid... why not dog shit?
You don't get it Jeremy. Disney Plus was the turnover of Disney and the MCU from quality to quantity. "Quantity over Quality." - Disney
One after credits scene links the MCU with the X-Men. That can be cool.
The Eternals is one of the worst marvel film's I have ever seen. The characters were boring and forgetful.
My man Jeremy will never lie to us 💪
When I saw Jeremy's face on the thumbnail, I knew what I needed to know.
I Really like the movie. Liked the First as well. Having Said that, It does give that B- grade vibe. Could be a C+, Perhaps. What is there is fine enough, but Fine enough is not enough anymore. We have seen better. I still like Carol Denvers, though. Both actress and character. She is good. Maybe not Carry the whole MCU good, but pretty good.
Hm. I wonder what the movie may've been like before the extensive reshoots. >_>
This review will be 1000 times more entertaining than the movie itself.
Damn Loki was giving me hope that they were back on track
At least spider verse movie was Awesome.
Stop it with the goofy humor Marvel, stop it! The good movies are the more serious ones.
Wasn't expecting Dr. Cox at 2:30.
I almost feel like he was too nice with this review hahaha! The trash from Disney has to end at some point right?… RIGHT?!
We need more skits 😂😂😂
Oh no..........cant criticize the MCU! how dare you!
Sounds like it was originally supposed to be a series but they saw their Disney+ series weren't working as well as they were, so they tried to rework all the episodes into a movie
MCU is going to ICU fr
The MCU died after Endgame.
Yeah this will flop. Thanks for the review
Hahahahahahaha!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Put in Ronin but make her lame and gay 😂
I thought you were gonna say Pile of shit there Jeremy 😂
Iman is good in the role, and surprinsingly for how upbeat her character is she's not too annoying, that said, the problem is the writing, I liked the 1st episode of her show, the rest was boring as heck. I have 0 interest in watcing this movie, but since people are not going much to theaters usually tickets come cheap here where I live, and I need to get out of the house, so I may go to watch it, if I get bored I'll just walk out and go get a burger or something =P
Answer to Ronin “Put a chick in it and make her gay and lame”
Stan Lee died in 2018. Watching what happened to the MCU after that, i am starting to believe that he had a much larger input that what we were led to believe.
If you think of things in terms of supply and demand, the MCU is all supply and almost no demand. I feel like the execs at Disney should recognize this as a serious problem, rather than burying their heads in the sand and continuing to shovel out content
Least Favourite MCU film is Iron Man 2. That shit sucks.
Sounds awful
Villain? A chick and make her lame and probably gay! 😂🎉
👍 👍
Best review of the year. Luv ya Jeremy 😆
Let's be real, Jeremy. No one's going to watch this. We will watch a spoiler review, though. Give the people what they want!
Damn that bad 🫣🫣🫣
And of course as expected, the mainstream shill media is right on cue trying to save this movie by giving it positive reviews. It’s amazing to me that every time a movie is more focused on “message” and hits certain diversity quota points, the shill media comes out full force trying to put a positive spin on forgettable and uninspiring content. EVERY SINGLE TIME!
Chipmunks. Not ducks.
Not even gonna watch this movie
Please do a spoiler talk jermey!
So the villain sucked? I was actually thinking she would be cool because she was beating up captain marvel in the trailers
Spoiler alert! P Diddy is at the enf as an x-men lol go woke go broke
At least the merch for The Marvels is really well made and cool.
😂😂😂😂😂 I loved every minute of this review
There are no stakes in the MCU anymore. The magic is gone.
Go pitch it to Ryan pls
The main reason I wanted to see this film flop was for petty reasons and it was because a lot of the Marvel fan base celebrated like they won a national championship after the recent DC films flopped but if they took time to think about it, there was nothing to relish over. As their daddy Kevin Fiege once said, "There is no rivalry. When the (DC) movies perform well and are well received, it’s good for all of us – which is why I’m always rooting for them." But these strictly MCU fans don't want to hear that though. If this film does as bad as analysts say, then this will be some well-deserved karma. I know this is a petty reason, but I don’t care. The internet is more hyped for a foreign Godzilla movie than they are a Marvel movie. I never thought I'd see the day, but I love it.
Well... they tried. Shame about that plot though.
woke garbage
Just a good hard NOPE for this one 👎
Thank you for sacrificing monetization so I don’t have to watch mid roll ads!
After Moon Knight, I've wanted Ms Marvel to be on the big screen.
I don't want to watch anything about superheroes. This genre has been exhausted.
The MCU was great when it was about something. When it all connected, when each movie felt like a chapter in a story leading up to a grand climax, it was peak cinema. It had its bad moments, but it was still a great time overall.  Now it's just people using brand recognition and Disney executives taking IPs people love and throwing them onto the big screen for an easy paycheck, and it doesn't know what to do with itself. And I've never been more confident in saying this, despite phases 4 and 5 giving some of my favorite movies in the franchise, the MCU should've ended with Endgame.
If you haven't read the comics there is more than one ronin the accuser. They're basically breed like guppies.
I really wish you’d just talk about spoilers because I am not watching this movie…
It's time to call sh*t what it actually is. It's just sh*t. "Ms. Marvel was the best part of... sh*t". Nope. Stop being a apologist.
Came here just to hear Jeremy trash this cringe ass movie! 😆🤣😆Thanks for the chuckles, bro!
Will wait for it on Disney Plus. I completely forgot about this movie. I've been let down by the last few MCU films. Eternals, Thor: Love and Thunder and to some extent Dr. Strange 3. Hopefully, they will correct this course. Take a beat for bit and do a bit of self reflection.
LOL that Video starts really promising. 🤣
I appreciate your honest reviews.
Is this the most profanity Jeremy has ever used in a video?
this could've been a perfect Screen Writer Guy cameo😋
The MCU does need to take a break but they ain’t gunna lol
Wow as if my expectations couldn’t get any lower
Knew it would be garbage from the first Beastie Boys trailer and knowing that it required watching multiple other things to follow it. It looks generic and I don't care anymore. They could introduce the X Men and Fantastic Four together at the end and I still wouldn't care. Have no faith in the MCUs current writers.
I really hope marvel sees my idea of doing all 3 blades spider man morbius that isn’t Jared Leto they could have Wesley snipes killing Jared Leto then vanishing to the mcu but do spider man dare devil miles morales as wolverine and a different morbius that is the movie I want to see Wesley the actor from the show Ali all in one movie like what they did with spider man then send them after morbius that is what I want and need that could save marvel
Make Ronin a female and make her gay and lame...  Art imitating art imitating life imitating art.
who could've thought Brie Larson was gonna bomb on another MCU movie 🤣🤣🤣
Captain america the winter soldier is my favorite movie of MCU
Disney: It's just a purple hammer, nerd.
You couldn't pay me to watch this "film" It's not even a film....i would delegate this to "project/assignment" This was assigned by algorithms and Corp budget sheets. Just like the obituary assignments they handout in school. It just builds resentment and frustration.
I've heard it's actually a full 60 seconds before you should swear lol
Every new Marvel movie reaffirms my decision to stop watching them after Endgame with a couple exceptions.
"Womin The Accuser"
The movie absolutely sucked and leaves you with the feeling of having waste your money. End of review
Put a chick in it and make it g4y
Crap comic characters make worse movies, especially with the current crop of "writers".   Also, Imam proves that excitement over the role one plays bleeds into the flick amd can convey that feeling to the audience.
The leaked post credit scene is on my recommended feed next to this video, right between the Boogie2988 documentary and the Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire trailer.
Mavewoke indeed
No matter what we're always gonna have those first 10 years of the MCU And for me that's still a win.
I knew it was a shitshow when ign gave it an 8.
That skit 😂 I would like to see more
The "That one side mission" part reminded me of the spray paint side mission in Spider-Man 2.  :/
You KNOW a movie's forgettable when Jeremy doesn't even waste his time punching the screen in the end. It was like "ehh..."
Does anyone else feel the MCU should've ended once they finally killed Thanos?
There’s a quote that comes to mind about “living long enough to see yourself become the villain” that makes me pretty sad.
Make it a lady and gay lol
I saw the Ms. Marvel tv series and I agree, the actress made that character fun, even though the show itself was extremely meh. I expected the same here and it seems you have the same take, but less "meh" and more "merde".
To answer your first question no.
Endgame should have been just that. This is what happens when they bleed every IP dry. 😖
Still better than thor dumb and dumber
You poor man you actually sat though that mess of a film, I feel sorry in my heart for you.  Also no sadly someone pretending to be a writer penned this nonsense.
The fact you referenced the recent 'South Park' episode, shows how far into the 'Panderverse' the MCU really is diving into...
Jeremy looks like he bought the small size hair dye and once he's done with the goatee part he doesn't have any left to do the sides of his beard.
Damn, not holding back. Good.
Marvel could've taken a break of 2-3 years after endgame, spend the time on writing and come back with an outstanding phase 4-5.
👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
The elephant in the room: More than one Mary Sue in a single movie.
Not AI, just shitty millennial writers.
Can we just get a big budget Avengers movie with all the cameos - thats it. No more C and D Marvel properties.
The only people seeing this movie are YouTube reviewers but I’m happy to watch your takes.
The sleep over club
Completely agree, they should take a 2 or 3 year break come back and people will miss it enough to start flocking to the films again.
In the words of Seanne Fay Wolfe: "wow, this mcu movie sure does exist."
Why not just do something interesting with the villain for once, like make them a variant of am Avenger thats evil in their timeline or just something to hook people. Like what if the villain was evil Iron Man WITH all the infinity stones from killing Thanos in his timeline. That alone would have me more interested than the trailers did for this film
😂😂😂😂😂 And now we get to watch this dog shit be the biggest failure of the MSU.
Ronan but a woman and make her gay!!!!
Not sure if it's burnout or if I'm just over marvel but I haven't been able to get excited for any of the newer movies. I'll probably go see this but just because I'm looking for a time waster
You were on fire Jeremy.
Put a woman in it and make her lame 😂
Kamala she is truly proud to represent her heritage. She brings that energy to the movie and the role. I hope this young actor keep that same energy and enthusiasm her whole career. ❤❤😊🎉
Definitely one of the movies of all time!
Classic! Real talk!
Holy sith... The begin roast... 😳 That's the first time I hear so much irritation in Jeremy's voice... Damn... This will be good... I mean bad, but good!
Jeremy used to be a guest on Collider. He's one of the very few indeed that kept their integrity. The Miss Marvel actress was pretty good and quite likeable in the first episode of her TV show. She also doesn't disrespect others or run her mouth. Let's cut her some slack while we enjoy the rest of it burning down.
Jeremy never seems to have an independent idea.
Good review; watch out for the "reactions" from shills using keywords provided by Diseny's PR: IT WAS SHORT AND SWEET. WACKY! HIGHER FURTHER FASTER BABY.
Brilliant!!! Killed me 😂
Man I trip out how long I have been watching your videos.   Always appreciate the honest takes from you my man
I actually want to see this trainwreck now.  Can't possibly be worse than Love and Thunder.
I hope this movie finally kills the MCU Panderverse
I'll always prefer the o.g avengers even ten years from now.
Writers strike lasted148 days so that Hollywood could continue getting this level of garbage writing.
So this movie was not good? Shocking.
Another poorly written shit mcu movie, what a surprise lol. Jeremys review is all people need to explain why they should save their money for a product thats actually worth their time.
I was dying at the “Pitch Screening” segment 😂  Also I actually have zero issue with the Ronan Hammer having residual powers essentially. Over time when weapons and relics bleed into each other I think it can be really cool and creates cool possibilities.
"naga-naga-..well nagana work here anymore that's for sure""😆
Where did that studio cut away come from?😂 Brilliant addition to the format.
Unpopular opinion: it's trendy to shit on marvel movies but they aren't any different now than they were then. Ya just believe it so cause ya never really rewatch those movies.  People think cause end game ended good that the whole thing should end. I disagree. Marvel fans are just doing the star wars fan thing. Nothing is ever good except the beginning movies.... till those movies are 5  Years in the future, and then suddenly hayden anakin is cool and a great Darth Vader
Yellowjacet
I was all about Marvel comics as a kid and teenager.  DC was neat, but Marvel was awesome for me.   Haven't bothered with the MCU since I watched Endgame two years after it came out.  Given I'd now have to do a mountain of homework to know wtf is going on anymore, I'm never going to watch anything MCU.  In fact, I recoil at the idea.  It's all so bloated and uninspired.
So the character swapping is a gimmick instead of an actual plot 😂
Or not. I'm kinda drunk
At this point, the only thing I care about in the MCU is Loki
Kind of a little harsh on the film, don’t ya think Jeremy?
I feel bad for the people who will actually like it and be hated on cynics
I feel that humor and runtime is a response to the first movie. Please just stop Tamika humor man let drama land you have two dramatic actors and Sam Jackson MCU
Worst MCU movie? I haven’t seen The Marvels yet, but probably Spider-Man: No Way Home
Maybe I will like it
Did Jeremy just do a pitch meeting? 👀
Iron man 2
You are the most honest reviewer on YouTube.
OK, so 2 of 3 of my favourite YouTube reviewers trashed this, so Disney+ it is!
what a waste of an upload....
so...marvel thought a pakastani hero...and a male villian who was turned into a female character...was going to work?  This is why they dont get it.
Captain mar-vell was a dude in the comics originally and a cool character. Later on a woman took up the mantle if I’m not mistaken.
Marvel need to go back and watch the first Avengers movie, actually the whole of phase 1 and learn. And understand. Even watch the whole Infinity War saga. And hire good writers with no political aspirations.
You don’t miss, thank you for standing up for those who hate what the MCU has become.
Tell me its crap please
The first marvel movie since 2012 Avengers I won’t be seeing in the theatre
given the fact that brie larson is a flat out b**** all the time, im not surprised
Brie Larson is one of the few miscastings in the MCU.  Nothing against Brie, but she is a really poor fit and audiences have largely not appreciated her take on the character.  Another huge misstep was not recasting T'Challa.  Because even with all the shit marvel has put out, you have still had T'Challa and a Carol Danvers that audiences are invested in.  The MCU would have still had some sort of an identity along with Thor, Spiderman, and Strange.  You can build on that momentum.  Now we have Eternals and Shang Chi that we may or may not see again?  Someday?  I dont know.  Marvel doesn't either, it seems
I would rather watch duck tales then this
Did you see that bullshit South Park episode?  🤣
That mole thingy between Brie Larson's eyes just keeps getting larger and larger with every new movie. It's honestly frightening!
Only way to save Marvel is bring back RDJ and CE for a reboot of some kind. It's either that or focus on other MAIN characters like the Xmen and Fantastic 4.
Love how you signed off totally get it. Question do you think 🤔 you didn't like it cause you weren't the targeted 🎯 Audience. Like is this at least Barbie movie good.
This is depressing 😔
i‘m so over the mcu. and no it’s not superhero fatigue. if you like at thinks like invincible…that show is amazing. it’s disney that is ruining absolutely everything
No scotch… you got me!
Lads, listen.   Marvel can't recast the X-men until 2026 due to contracts.   So essentially what happened is Feige got the end of Infinity War, finalized Endgame, drew up a plan with Fox for X-Men.....then got smacked with contractual obligations.   To simplify things, Feige decided to wait out the contracts. But between then & Endgame was a solid 5 or so years.   They have no villain, all their cast are leaving, the biggest franchise is still owned by Sony AND the new characters haven't taken off.   So what to do? They just gotta get to 2026. Chuck a load of shows on Disney+. Absolutely halt the franchise until the X-men & F4 are ready.   New villain? Well they want Doom. Can't do Doom without F4. Can't do a main villain without a bigger team (X-Men).   So Kang. Basically a B tier bloke villain to tide us over until the heavy hitter. Cause lets face it, we're a year or so on & nobody gives a fuck about Kang. Only exaggerated by the Majors abuse trial.   So shit. What the hell do we do? Nothings taken off, folk are losing interest & the universe is fracutred.   We relaunch with X-Men & F4.   So currently - Marvel are intentionally giving us pig slop. It dilutes the brand yeah, but it keeps it around until they take a real 2nd shot.   Bascially, expect 2026 to be the MCU relaunch. We're only 2 years out. The MCU has just got to surivive 2 more years.  It's all beginning to make sense. They know this is garbage. They've dropped Eternals, because it flopped. So that plan is shot. The mutli-verse stuff is dead.  So if they can tie the D+ shows to the films, as an excuse to pump out dogshit movies just long enough to let F4 & X-Men cook.   If I'm right, expect things to get much worse.
Shelve MCU for the next 10 years.  Come back with Fresh ideas and Fresh faces.  Maybe a couple old faces.     Similar with Star Wars, except maybe make it 100 years, when the new media systems of the time allow for a completely new experience, and brand new ideas to be implemented.
That's all I needed to know
Who would watch this crap?
Even his casual ending just gave up 😛  Whoooof...
Nice Office Space reference. lol
I must say this is the first time I've ever watched Jeremy before an MCU movie because spoilers.. I care so little for this franchise now so Jeremy over to you
We need Ronan the Accuser back, so make her a chick and make her lame and gay!
IGN gave it an 8 lol 😂
One word:   WOKE.  No wonder Disney keeps bombing one after another. Pure Garbage.
The only two movies that exist after Endgame are No Way Home and Guardians 3.
Let’s give a big round of applause for Jeremy taking this bullet for us!
2 out 2 reviews on this have been terrible so...this is really worrying for Marvel / Disney. But they've been lazy since Endgame. They need to up their game and stop ruining all these beloved characters.
This movie sounds like it might be worth a watch just to see how bad it is.
I really though this movie was just a meme or a joke never though it was a real movie
No mercy!
Lmao, well that solidifies my decision to NOT go see it in theaters lol
Office Space quote, nice.
Wow… Quite honestly a very hateful review
The whole idea of a Flerkin is stupid. Just give us some heroism on Earth with character development. I'm waiting for Reacher season 2.
all your missing in this review is a SUPER EASY BARELY AN INCONVENIENCE
This video couldve just been "it fucking sucked, thanks for watching"  Also when describing the villain they shouldve said, "we want Ronan back, but hes been dead in the mcu, so how about we bring in Dar Benn, whos like Ronan, but we make him a female in the movie and completely disregard the comics"
he just couldn't bring himself to do a dogshit on this one... Iman Villani must be that good to save it lol
Please do a review of the latest South Park episode!
does Danvers really have a husband in the movie?
But cats, Jeremy! So many cats! Don't you just love cats?
black girl magic
It’s kinda sad that Jeremy didn’t like any MCU movie that released in 2023. Not even the one everyone else is loosing their minds about.
The director literally claimed she got inspiration from FF7 and video games, which likely explains the Duck Tales feel. She's a hack, sorry to say.
I feel sorry that Jeremy had to sit through that silver screen torture just to tell us what we already knew…  It’s dog 💩
สนุกกว่ากาเดี้ยน3 บางคนเอา endgame มาตั้งบรรทัดฐานของมาเวลหมดทุกเรื่องนั่นมันหนังรวมที่ใช้เวลาร้อยเรียงเรื่องราวมานานลองดูตั้งแต่เฟส1แทบจะเหมือนกันกับเฟสนี้ตัวร้ายไม่เชื่อย้อนไปดูทุกเรื่องกากๆทั้งนั้นยกเว้นทานอส ให้เวลาเขาหน่อยเค้าต้องการเวลาแต่ทุกเอาแบบInfinityกับendgameทั้งนั้นซึ่งมันไม่ยุติธรรมเลย หนังมันสนุกด้วยตัวมันเองชอบครับ❤
If I wanted to watch three powerful women. I would watch the power puff girls.
Jeremy, no one is going ti wwtch this anyways, you could of done the spoilers bro 😢
MCU really did ms marvel dirty. She seems like a really interesting character, that could make this phase really good, but they just dont do anything with her. The show was mediocre and then shes in this movie thats it.
I haven't seen the movie, but I hear the post credit scene is really spicy.
At this point marvel should end the MCU cuz it's just not interesting anymore and just focus on elseworlds projects I mean I feel like it's about time they put away their pride and start using their brains and adapt what's been happening in the comics once and for all Into live action  It doesn't have to be connected to the MCU it can be different versions of the every character form different universe who cares   I mean I feel alot of people would be incredibly interested in watching superior Spiderman the movie or Zombie Avengers or Hulk destroying the avengers and etc  All I'm saying is what is happening in the comics is way more interesting than what is happening in the MCU so why don't they just adapt the comics it's definitely something many people haven't seen
Put a chick in it and make her gay!
Got an ad for this very movie 1st thing.
My daughter wants to see this 🥲 Only because she was a fan of the Ms marvel show... she never even seen the Marvel movie...
I hope the fact this bombs truly kills the idea of making Blade about 3 powerful women and Blade just a 4th string character in his own movie.  GIVE ME BLADE KILLING VAMPIRES WITH AN R RATING GOD DAMN IT.
This movie would have been better as a show. Some movies shouldn't be movies anymore.
What kept this movie from being “dogsh*t”?
*3:22** The closest we will ever get to seeing Jeremy do his version of  pitch meeting*
Loved the skit with Jeremy riffing off South Park and the panderverse from the POV of a Disney exec. Haven't seen much of that from him. Would love to see him use that green screen and costume more
Thanks for saving me money Jeremy! Every little bit counts.😁👍👍👍👍👍
Wasn't monica rambow supposed to be that li'll girl who helped design her suit colors or something?
7:54  honestly nah man, if it’s gonna stay like it has been since Endgame, they can get lost and never come back.  Nobody is gonna be missing this poorly written, corny, DEI cringefest.
That skit in the middle killed me, the BRILLIANT almost made me spill my coffee
Let's all be happy that Capt. Marvel took the bullet in starring in the MCU's worst movie. I have a feeling that at least one person at Disney knows that they better not to do this with Marvel's more valuable intellectual properties, like the X-Men, if they want to keep their jobs.
It's ok guys, its okay. Kevin Feige should be done counting his mountains of Endgame money any day now, then he'll get the MCU back on track. You'll see!
Can anyone tell me which South Park episode he was talking about? Just which episode, haven't seen it in ages.
The only guy I trust in the world of extreme affiliations
In a review that starts with “crap” and makes its way through “ridiculous bullshit” the harshest critique turns out to be “Thor:Love and Thunder-Taika Waititi energy”😂
I love watching marvel flop they won’t listen to the fans so let them keep it up
There is nobody in the MCU i give two shits about
Jeremy spare yourself the pain of having to do a spoiler review… just spoil it at the end of the video. For all of us
Remember when Marvel movies was an big event? Me too! They really fcked everything up.
MCU doesn’t need a break. There is no superhero movie burnout. We just want them to go back to basics. Real character based storytelling and directing like Phase 1-3.  It feels like they sit around a table on day 1 and say “ok, here’s your social and political woke checklist, now make a movie around it!”  South Park’s parody of “put a chic in it and make her gay” really seems spot on!  I’m a HUGE MCU fan. Watched every movie on day 1. But since Endgame, I just roll my eyes with some of the nonsense they’re releasing. I don’t care what gender or race the main character is. I just want a good story! People loved Iron Man, Thor, Cap, Black Widow and Wanda. We never had scenes telling the audience how amazing they are because of their genders. They all had real character arcs and growth over time. Now we appear to be heading towards an all female Avenger’s team and Nick Fury shouting “Black Girl Magic” 🙄  The world is so focussed on trying to shove social politics in our faces. Wouldn’t it be nice to have an escape whilst watching the MCU from all that rubbish?
Thought we were gonna have a Jeremy Jahns/Ryan George crossover for a sec
Jeremy's expression in the thumbnail told me all I needed to know but I decided I should watch his whole review anyway.
Man, I wanted this movie to be a sleeper hit, despite every warning signs that it'll suck. Mostly because Iman Vellani. To my surprise she was instantly likeable in the series, and also in the trailers for this movie. I wanted her to succeed. Wish she was introduced earlier in the MCU, not when its hitting rock bottom, I feel like the higher ups will take the wrong messages, and boot her. Anyways, good to hear she is still as good as I thought in this lame movie.
Put a chick in it. Make her gay and lame. - Kathleen Cartman
what an bad awful cringe movie a total waste of time.. Everything that is Woke is all true and much more and much worst.. Its like Marvel is not listening to the fans..
We need a spoiler review for this please
IGN gave this an 8....... let that sink in...
Take a break...and then bring back the characters we actually care about!!
With Gunn gone, it feels like the only thing left to look forward to is Spider-Man. Every thing else feels underwhelming and/or pointless. I'm definitely skipping this film.
Excited about the movie? NO. Excited about reviews about the movie HELL YEAH 🤟
Awesome: Did you see that South Park episode? How wrong can you get it? Priceless ❤
Both marvel and DC suffer from villains except for Joker.
I knew from the first trailer this movie would be shit.  Didn’t even bother tracking it, lol
"Strong female leads"
'' The baddie is doing baddie things and must be stopped ''  Jeremy Jahns , circa 2023
Since endgame we have seen marvel and disney stop making movies to please the audience instead they have used these two very popular franchises to push feminism and there own woke agendas its not marvel movies people are sick of its directors and writers who know nothing about the franchise and have only been hired to push kk and faiges insecurities.
And IGN gave it an 8…
Im sad
I theorize that when Jeremy’s video is around 5 minutes, he despises what he was reviewing and wouldn’t want to spend more time with it. So when this video shows a runtime of 8+ minutes, I was like can this be…No, apparently this movie deserves an extended version of the 5 minutes video.
Sooooooooooo are we at that point where its ok and accepted to crticize the almighty disney?
I have completely given up on Marvel. Too much "damage" done to its brand by "moviemaking by committee" people over the 4 years.
Mcu is dead anyways😂
Jeremy. It was a good run. Now the studios will point out that you are a toxic white male completely unhinged by your misogyny.
And now they wanna bring back Robert downy Jr..
Funny how real fans were calling this shit out years ago and getting vilified for it. Now everyone is on board, and it's ok to shit on disney and the mcu.
Actually, AI would probably write a better script.
when I heard Kevin was leaving for starwars......i knew there had to be a reason
Marvel saw the JJK Todo/Hanami fight and said "fuck it I'm in"
Just put a chick in it and make her Gay and lame
Ironically, Jeremy's intro was the big joke at the end of She-Hulk with F.E.I.G.E. But is anyone laughing now?
My favorite Marvel villain is Disney
Marvel needs to take a hiatus to come up with actual good quality stories. They have fallen into a routine, that they “need” to release content almost every single month. We don’t want quantity, we want quality. I’d prefer to wait for a year or more for them to release their next project.
The less than Marvels
Oh boy. Can’t wait to not see this. 😂
5:13 Because emulating is generally the pinnacle of their ability to create, and it has to be based in solipsism, or it doen't really work for them. -In case you were wondering why it isn't women that are responsible for 98% of all inventions ever made.
Perfect thumbnail
Really, I blame most of the MCU on the directors and writers that they've been casting post endgame. Excluding some like Spider-Man no way home, Shang chi, Black Panther 2, GOTG 3 Wandavision and Loki. Its like they decided to just chunk out the formula thats made them succesful and be like "oh lets not just try something new, but completely erase everything that made us great and start fresh, because thats what most successful people do... oh and lets hire writers who don't care at all about Marvel."
I like this Jeremy Jahns guy. I like hearing his opinions.
I found the Ms Marvel show to be a REALLY charming slice of entertainment. Dont get me wrong, it had some really weird, needlessly intricate plotline stuff, but i think it generally fell into a kind of "SpiderMan-type-character in highschool" camp that i enjoyed. I haven't seen this stupid movie yet but if you enjoyed her character and the actress who played her, the show delivered more than i thought it would have and i recommend giving it a watch. Maybe it's because i grew up in New Jersey around a lot of south asian families, but i also really enjoyed how unabashedly cultural it was.
Love the south park reference... . . . ...ironically true.
I believe Disney + was probably the worst thing that could of been done with Marvel Studios. It's now bloated, stretched out, and it feels there's a lot of pressure to put more with less.
MCU has been shit for a long time finally people are realising
"PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY AND LAME!"-Disney in a nutshell
I said that about Love and Thunder, Wakanda Forever and Quantamania. Those story lines seemed so unatural lol. It wasn't just bad writing, it was bad AI writing. I also think Loki Season 2 is all AI writing and efx
Just saying, we all thought Secret Invasion was rock bottom and here we are. What a disgrace what they are doing with the brand.
I mean did anyone expect this to be good?
I’ll be honest with you, outside of Deadpool 3, maybe Daredevil and whatever they decide to do with Spider-Man, I’ve been done with the MCU for a long time now.
At this point South Park is better than the MCU
Just a pick apart viseo to get veiws on the marvel hate cause its so ez to hate and break apart a comic book movie.... A comic book movie.. come on people ,stoo it
Not that I was going to see this in theaters with even decent reviews, but sounds like it will be on D+ in no time with the bad reviews and im sure to be low box office.
The minute I saw the trailer it was over for me. They took all the worse characters put them in a generic looking movie with a boring looking and generic villain with another generic story. The actor for kamala Kahn is great, I agree but that mrs marvel show is terrible. They think can just throw women and black people in a movie and that's supposed to make it all of sudden good. Apparently there is no need to write a good story and characters.
Least favorite MCU movie is definitely Thor The Dark world
Least favorite MCU show to date: Secret Invasion Least favorite MCU movie to date: The Incredible Hulk (mainly because Mark Ruffalo is the perfect Banner IMO, and Norton just doesn't sell me on the character). If it wasn't for that, the movie would be higher and Multiverse of Madness would be my least favorite
Marvel should dump the MCU altogether !!!!!
The fake reviews are amazing - all over Twitter and Google. Disney are proper crapping the bed about this flopping.
MCU has been written by AI for a much longer time than anyone wants to admit. Some of you are only just now noticing, because you’re not emotionally attached to these “characters”
You can almost tell how good this movie by how much Jeremy swears. /s
The plot? "I don't fucking know either!" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Insane the amount of money Disney is spending on this trash especially when you add in promotion cost.
How ironic is it that movies have gotten so bad that we get more excited to watch the reviews than the movie itself?
The best part is the infection of "omgthemovieisperfect!!" posts and reviews that are already infected the internet.
OH no hahahhaha!
I really hope this movie pisses off a lot of unhappy people who just spreads negativity for no reason.
😂😂😂😂 return the dogshit label!!!
Marvels greatest and most anticipated film of the year here to save phase 4 and take us to phase 5! Put a lame chick in it and make her gay! 😊
The villain is a Baddie for real tho but Marvel needs to bring in mutants or the Fantastic 4 ASAP if the don't want to use the X men team Bring back the cast from the New Mutants movie and out Kamala in that group
I always said that after endgame, the MCU needed a break.
Women ruined the mcu💯
Gen v review ???
Based on how the first CM film ended, it genuinely seems like Marvel forgot they killed Ronan and were blind-sided by it.
My least favourite MCU movie is Iron Man 2 and my least favourite villain is the guy from Doctor Strange, can’t even remember his name. And I agree, the MCU needs a break.
One thing I know for sure. Jeremy is a Ducktales fan
I feel sorry for Iman Vellani, she seems like a cool person who really wants to be Ms Marvel and make her a household name, and I like her as the character, but her show wasn’t very good and this doesn’t look very good.  I’m also still not sure why they changed her powers
The singing planet reminds me of when Spongebob went to Rock Bottom and everyone did the blowing raspberry thing during their sentences lol
“Black girl magic!”
I’m dreading that the real multiversal threat will be that The Marvels is actually a preview of what the James Gunn DCEU will be like.
MCU should have ended with Endgame, or at the absolute latest, NWH.
When some of the most fair and impartial reviewers on the platform says your movie is shit, then you really have to stop doing your BullSHIT.
One of the issues is how heavily the post-Endgame MCU leaned into two concepts: the Multiverse and the Kree.  One of the advantages of early Avengers movies was that, because they were origin stories, they could add high-concept stuff on the margins of the films.  That way, if something didn't work out, they could just ignore it or disregard it later.  Odin's treasure vault already had an Infinity Gauntlet?  Fake.  Nick Fury's suggesting Tony Stark thought he was the only superhero in town?  Immediately disregarded when it turned out that his dad worked with the original SHIELD and Captain America.  It was a huge advantage, because if something didn't work or fit, they could just ignore it, and it gave them room to play around with new concepts on the margins and disregard it later if needed.  Now though?  All their high-concept stuff has to be front and center.  As a result, if an idea doesn't work or isn't well-received, it's a lot harder to just drop it or dismiss it.  Loki is basically doing an entire second season of a tv show right now to figure out how to give Marvel the option to drop the "multiverse" gimmick since the third Antman movie showed the idea didn't have quite the mileage they were hoping for...
Seeing Jahns turn into a rage bait hater reviewer is pretty disappointing. Whatever gets him clicks I suppose.
I can see Samuel l Jackson being tired of marvel still calling his ass just for these kind of movies 😊
MCU stage 5? Yes.... stage 5 cancer
Least Favorite MCU Movie is either Captain Marvel or Iron Man 2
post credit , look for it right now ,save money !
welp . . . shit
You know ow shit is bad When u got this guy shitting on it 😂
Everyone is unironically excited for the movie…reviews.
Brie Larson is the best MCU villain.
Since 2015 I have seen every MCU movie in theaters and this honestly might be the movie that breaks that streak because it honesty just doesnt look enjoyable at all
AI would've/could've written something - ANYTHING - better than what this was.
It's funny that they're doing a powers-swap mechanic, because I barely know what these characters' powers are. I haven't seen the first "Captain Marvel" or "Ms. Marvel," but you'd think I'd pick it up on social media. Ms. Marvel has some variation on Mr. Fantastic-type powers and the other two...have some kind of vague energy powers? Oh wow, I can't wait to see them swap those powers! ;)
Smh…Jeremy Jahns with the early kiss of death
Panderstone, Jeremy. Panderstone.
Put a chick in it, make it gay, and make LAME!!
Didn’t you get the memo?  You’re morally obligated to love everything Disney is doing with the MCU especially this particular movie…
The post credit scene is                       Beast from X-Men shows up, there ya go, now you don't have to watch the movie.
Dude, you're just a DC shill now.
I am sad, because it is both another space buddy comedy (GotG3, Antman3, Thor4) , on top of being another MCU entry that gets us no closer to an actual Avengers movie.
Its not written by AI. Its written by modern hollywood screenwriters, who are so bad they just went on a months long strike because AI is BETTER than they are and they were afraid of being replaced
Another great video Jeremy👍
Man....I actually wanted this move to be good. Oh well.
I forgot this movie was about to be released.
I like watching both Jeremy jahns and grace randholph reviews because they almost NEVERRRR agree with each other but they are both fair in their reviews I think
Wow I'm shocked it wasn't a better time if your drunk
Disney Marvel 2023 AE (After Endgame) is trash.
So Thor Love and thunder got a competition😂😂
To be fair to the excuser lady. Every ecuser is usually just ronan but not him. That's comic accuracy baby lol.
Cant wait to hear a certain prick praise it as the"best, most fun recent MCU movie"
It's a movie specifically made by and for the liberal hive mind. That is why it feels pointless and not connected to anything relevant to the majority. Literally, stock black character (because), all female cast (because), a dumb cat scene (because).   Checking all the boxes to me.
This movie should have been a Ms Marvel movie with improved CGI compared to the show.  The 'Generations' comic book story would have a good one as a starting point. This swap thing was certainly a gimmick
Brie Larson is annoying but damn she is gorgeous
😂  Shite movies= best Jeremy reviews 👍🏼
So Mariah Carey is basically the villain
It would have been cool if the lady was Ronin's daughter and she wanted revenge on people like the the Guardians of the galaxy!😡
It's a movie in the top movies of all time.
I’ve been anticipating these reviews more so then any recent Marvel movie. Marvels biggest flop is set to be the YouTube review community’s biggest hit.
There was zero reason to gender swap the bad guy.  They could have just picked Hala or Inndig-o and called it a day.  But Disney/Marvel is full of arrogant people.
I became a big believer in AI writing scripts after seeing one episode of the Rings of Power. Just think of it, once the deep fakes, The producers will hardly be paying money out to anyone but themselves anymore. No human writers, no human actors.
Yep. Did it again, Jeremy. Thank you for saving another two hours of my life.
Best review ever 🎉❤
The singing when talking prob woulda fit into a guardians movie
Love that Office Space reference.
Marvel should take a year off between phases and definitely TWO years after the Marvels and maybe do just ONE Disney + series a year. Please get X-Men and Fantastic Four right, but it may already be too late :(
The background “Brilliant!!!” Was so aggressive lol i love it
Damn. Critical Drinker is gonna go haywire on this.
Can’t be worse than Love And Thunder!! Absolutely No way!
Woof.
Ronan the accuser himself was a follar store villain
Another villain originally male they turned woman….
This is why I was waiting for your review.  Of all the critics who continuously say woke, you're one of the few who still dissect a story and its flaws without over-politicizing it.
Ok, so this movie is a nothing burger. I hope it doesn't make any money because that's the only kind of message the execs would understand.
When are people going to realize that disney produces princessy stuff. Marvel got lost when they were biught by disney. It is not going to go so well with all the wokenss.
It's amazing how things have fallen off since Endgame. I've only seen Shang-Chi, No Way Home and Dr Strange 2, and I'm already tired of the MCU Phase IV.
My least favorite MCU movie is ANY MOVIE AFTER ENDGAME. The MCU should have been finished there.
I'm more excited to watch the reviews than the movie itself to be honest.
That MS Marvel was really irrelevant
I mean, AI is probably being used by them at the very very least to supplement their writing (which isn't saying much) and when they write themselves into corners
They setup the multiverse. Why don't they take a break from trying to build something like infinity war and just focus on solo stories in different universes for now.  I don't know if they have the rights since they're xmen, but i would love to see some movies/shows about penance or forgetmenot.
you’re so weird i’m unsubscribing
I continue to be so happy that I saw the writing on the wall and walked away after Endgame.
Please give a rating for this movie out of 5/
And they apparently spent over $300 million dollars for this. Some people still want their cut from the money train before it crashes.
Put a chick in it.  Make it gay.  *AND I WANT IT LAME!!*
Here's my theory: they thought Gunn cracked the space setting code with GotG, and goofy shit like the singing aliens feels like the movie trying to xerox that vibe.  I think this was the thought process behind bringing in TW to Thor since those were going to be cosmic adventures.   But I think these directors aren't invested at all in this material the way that Gunn was and that reflects in choices they make and in what they find funny (their instincts leaning parodic/meta).
So the villain is bad again, the heroes are continuing to be bad, and the action is more CGI noise - yeah, this one ain't bringing me back to the theater.
imagine the MCU took a break for five years after Endgame, and came back all of a sudden with their version of the X Men, or even the Fantastic Four?
Lets be honest all those early positive reviews are mostly Disney shills...
Remember when every Marvel movie released was high quality and must see. Man the MCU has fallen so far.
The villian's name is GenDAR- BENding!!
if you check out the Wikipedia page for this film... you'll find that the plot summary is 3 paragraphs.  😂😂😂
Ms Marvel is great and the actress is very likeable. She has a place in the MCU I think.
Did Jeremy Jahns just do.... A PITCH MEETING!!!😲
Carol Danvers is the FIFTH Captain Marvel. Monica Rambeau is the second. Danvers  spent most of her time on Earth in the comics, but in the films she barely spends any time home...but for some reason everyone knows her. The film and the character feels like the forced assumption on the audience that we should care.
😮
This movie is pure shitty caos
Why did so many of you go watch this dog crap it doesn't deserve money it's a bunch of woke nonsense
came here for a real assessment after seeing IGN gave this god damn thing and 8 LOLOLOLOL
Good advice, Jeremy. Marvel should simply shut it down go dark, and begin casting, & working on the greatest Galactus series of films that we could ever possibly want.
I cant wait to see what excuse they're going to use for why this bombs
Phase 1 Marvel was Marvel done right. The new stuff is drek.
the Ms. Marvel show its wierd, cause i like the show but hate they changed her powers 😅
Uh oh
Marvels 😂 now they had to bring back Downey and Evans back for that doctor doom movie
Go ahead and just spoil for us.😩
time to stop disney.
I find little difference between AI writing and lazy writing.
Is that a Hamilton PSR on your wrist? Cool-ass watch my man.
Instead of watching this dog shit movie if you haven’t watched blue beetle, check that one out
So... Jumanji: The Next Level!
if you still watch super hero movies past the age of 15 something is seriously wrong with you lol
"Can we bring back Ronan?"  "No but what about we Stick a chick in it and make her lame and gay!"
Marvel fall off has to be studied
Disney sucks
Put some chicks in this and make them gay
Disney: why are you all misogynistic and racist?
Baddie doing baddie things lmaoo
Love the review! Liked and subbed
Best thing that it's under 2 hours is disney giving less for more 😂
So if they made this movie in 5 years, THAT would make this good? Nope. Funny how super hero fatigue effected ghostbusters, until it didnt when they made a good one again. This is bad movie fatigue.
The only way time reset to after End Game . Not Wandaverse that was a joke on the Xmen and Fantastic Four. They need to Days of Future past this BS.
Thank GOD for your reviews. I was curious about Grace Randolph and she praised it. Said it was between Thor Ragnarok and Guardians of Galaxy. But the trailers look like pure dog shit
I couldn’t believe they used Gorr for such a shit movie AND killed him off despite all the symbiote lore that could be told with a master class actor like a Christian Bale. SMH
Superheroes and comics are mostly a boys thing, now here comes marvel with stupid political agenda to make it about empowering women and minorities. Just lame
Nice PSR. Bit of a Hamilton fan, are we? Good Taste. 😀
She Bosses in IMAX I actually do plan to see the Marvels in the regular theater just to see what all the fuss is about.
Ohh my god, I'm so down with Jeremy Jahns doing a little "Pitch Meeting" snippet.  Perfectly used.
Milf villain and the three stooges 🤮🤮🤮🤮
This movie is typical Millennials/Gen Z writing.
I don't think this type of crap is written by AI.  because I honestly think AI would've done a better job.
This comment is based on Jeremy's facial expression in the thumbnail of this video.... "Don't tell me the movie didnt hit... smh. Let me go hear what he has to say"
Whoever designed for the look of the villain did an abysmal job. Its nothing to do with it being a woman a better costume and makeup could have been really impressive, like Hela, but she just looks like some lady.
The first MCU I won't be seeing on the big screen. Thanks for saving me money. I do have Disney+ though.
Haven’t seen the movie and probably won’t but didn’t Ronan’s hammer get destroyed in the first Guardians of the Galaxy? How does this new villain have it?
I don't care about this DEI mess.
Worst MCU movie? Has to be "Love and Thunder" for me. After Ragnarok was doing so well and with the same director I had high hopes, but boy was that a pile of crap.
wait Jeremy idk if it was sarcasm about the final post credit scene or not but if u didn’t stay for it I highly recommend watching that final post credit scene, it’s pretty wild
no one from Disney will admit it but 100% AI treated script
so basically this movie is just feminist woke propaganda movie... female villain, female heroes... setting nick fury as side character who smile and wave...  i didn't wanted to pull the woke card but everything that i here from jeremy, screams it. 😂
... well, if ever there was a film that deserved a hapless slap instead of a punch at the end, I suppose this works...
I wasn't planning on seeing this movie,  because disney doesn't deserve my money after fucking over every IP i hold dear.  But i truely believe that this video, is more entertaining than that marvel has been maing since the force awakens and End Game.
Disney needs to start over using X-MEN IP without using Kamala khan ms marvel as supposed main stay as stated by leaks. Stick a chick in it and make it lame
'There's no character development... we're just told stuff about her.' That's pretty much what hollywood does now with most of it's female characters that they want you to be impressed by. 'She's so great, she's so smart, she's so strong, she's flawless!' Fantastic, sounds boring.
Lmao, that thumb nail says it all
I knew it. Fckin terrible!!!!
Funny review...I will still see the movie just not with a lot of enthusiasm.  As for a "break" yes agree, but because we still spend money on it, they will keep the press on.  Comics also run out of ideas....this is why they are always retconning or redoing the stories.  Dare I say it?  DC's plan (replacing all actors in place) may be the way forward
I haven’t seen it, but also, your review doesn’t surprise me. Although, about your observation that sometimes they didn’t change places, in the trailer there is a dialogue between the marvels and fury and she says that when they use their powers at the same time is when they swap. I’ll watch it tomorrow
They stuck a chick in Ronan and made her lame.
Pretty sure the strikes will end up being the best thing for Marvel. Make everything stop for a while and make the higher ups realize that dumping money into stuff for D+ with no quality control was a terrible idea
Jeremy, thank you for your service. Watching this crap, so we won't have to.
I'm very disappointed with Samuel L. Jackson for supporting Disney/Marvel garbage and destroying his legacy being cool.
Written by AI? No. Something far less human. Hollywood execs...
Now we know why AI writing is so weird, they make them read real scripts qritten by idiots like this.
Did anyone really think this would be that good
so basically the villain = ronan but put a chick in it and make it lame
Mcu should have taken a break after endgame
not even bothers about this, I think it will suck without even going
If the MCU took a 5-year break, all the older actors would struggle to get those comic book bods back, and the older ones would probably get sick of trying like Hugh Jackman. They are kinda in the same spot as Harry Potter in that they need to film non-stop to get these stories done before the cast become too old to make them, but they ran out of ideas so they are doomed either way. I feel a little bad for all the staff trying to keep this monster of a franchise moving with the suits cattleprodding them from behind to make more content for consumers.
He ain’t have to call it DLC💀😂🤌🏾
Mando
Honestly, my least favorite MCU movie is Captain Marvel. Mostly for one reason: You didn't have to watch it. I didn't like Thor Dark World too much at all, BUT IT CONTRIBUTES TO THE OVERALL PLOT! Thor and Loki had some much needed development in that movie.  Captain Marvel just destroys the image of Nick Fury, doesn't really establish much about Captain Marvel either. A basic backstory, friends that are....there, and a lack of character. It was doomed from the start, carried only by the fact that it had been between 2 major hits.
Did they make the female Ronin gay/lame too?
confirmed. jeremy hates cats.
Make it lame and Gay!!!!
Super Heroes are at their best when they are emotionally grounded. The second they aren't is the second they start to fall apart.
Well that sucks.. I loved Captain Marvel. I was actually looking forward to this.
MCU is just insanely stale for me now. Anyone who still clings on has more patience for me thats for sure.
Knew this movie would be ass which is why I’m watching this review
Put a chick in and make her gay!
No hate to all enjoyers of Marvel, but as a casual, I feel like it's a handful of memorable movies, rest  is waste... good ones:  Ironman  Avengers C.A Winter s. Guardians (yeah all 3 are decent enough 😊) Avengers Infinity.w  Not counting Tom Holland Spm.  So it's like 7 good movies in like 30 😂. You may say Avengers 3 or BlackP, but I'm objectively critical, so those are far from memorable immo.
I'm getting the impression that the actress who plays Kamala Khan is the ONLY thing that kept this movie from getting the Dogshit rating. Reading into it a bit, I'm betting that it might have been a film-time decision as to the rating. As in "The camera is rolling, I'm at that part in my script and... I could go either way. But I JUST praised that girl, and I don't want to saddle her with Dogshit. So... won't remember it wins!"
At least Iman Vellani is great.I was 50/50 on Ms.Marvel,but i loved her performance as Ms.Marvel.I'm going to wait until it's on disney plus.
"The Marvels" written by AI might have turned out better than the final product.
Damn i actually liked this movie , it wasnt perfect but it was fun  Ms marvel definitely carried , she can have a solo movie ❤  2:12 that emotional scene , it could of worked years ago when the blip was fresh but yea didnt really care much about it
Big skip also.
Jeremy being Deadpool in this video...cracking some f*ck out😂😂
Is it worse than Thor's Love & Thunder?
Idk if I should believe you or comic book Twitter. They said this movie is good.
Marvel should have done what DC did, which is just give the wheel to James Gunn. Too late now, though.
MCU ....Get a Thanos snap and dont come back after five years.
Welcome to content.
The slippery slope that I've been warning about for years with the MCU using "comedy" to cover  over a thin plot and weak character development seem to have culminated in this movie.
Meanwhile IGN "Marvels = 8.0 a Triumph"
South Park nailed it "put a chick in it and make it ***"   This movie is awful
your opinion is the one i was waiting for
HOW did you get leaked footage from a meeting of execs at Marvel??? 🤯
Thank you for being savage to this turd I’m a fun way
I unironically watched this movie just today(my local theater just straight up gave out free tickets to it. I suppose nobody bought it, yet they had to fill required number of people in the seats, or whatever) and the only thought in my mind by the time I came out of the theater was "I really have an obligation now to see that new south park special. I'm sure I'll love it"
I think GOTG3 was my last MCU movie and i honestly dont know which ones came after it if any and I honestly dont care to watch anymore for the time being until SW and DP3
"put a chick in it and make her GAY"
I’ve no intention of watching the movie, but this review was highly anticipated for me!
You could tell this movie was crap from the teaser. The kid is the only positive element in this garbage. Disney just loves to lose money.
lol
Not going to watch that dump … sorry
thank you for taking one on the chin for us and telling us all what we already knew.
2:31 Office Space reference?  🤣
Not every solo superhero movie needs a trilogy. This is one of them. Marvel should dive in introducing more characters and connections that can add up in the MCU.
Great review, a lot of honest points as well as solid opinions. You are hitting it right on the head with these Disney Marvel movies/TV need to take a break.
I hope you didn’t pay to watch this crap
Watching you roast the ever living shit out of this movie was more entertaining than the actual movie.
I do Not plan to see this movie at all. 😅 Not after watching Captain Marvel 1 that I was tricked to watch by MCU. Brie Larson is a good actress but her acting as Captain Marvel is horrible in the 1st movie. She reminded me of my school bully. And she was supposed to be a hero.
Put a chick in it. Make her lame!
I used to watch every single MCU movie in theaters opening weekend since the first iron man. First movie I didn’t even watch in theaters was wakanda forever. MCU is unfortunately dead now. Pretty much everything Disney puts out at this point is just the same trash re painted with different iconic characters to sell the movie. They don’t make movies, they make money. This will probably be the first MCU movie I skip entirely. Unless I’m heavily intoxicated and it’s free on Disney plus.
The fact that you were interested as to where Rambo's character was being taken 🙄
Anything with briee in it is a no no for me  Remember the movie is not made for adult male.
People hate when we say it, but its because they know we are right, The MCU should have ended after Endgame. It was the ENDgame after all. They need to take a break for a few years, let the video games and animation rule for a little, and then come back with a new rebooted MCU that already has Spider-Man, X-Men, and Fantastic 4 in it right in phase 1, kinda like what James Gunn is doing with DC.
The problem is that Post End game the MCU didnt have a big bad or a top 3 Avenger trio to lead them. With Tony, and Capt gone that left Thor which to be honest didnt need a 4th movie. The new three to lead which I believe was to be Black Panther, Doctor Strange and Capt Marvel hit a road block with the death of Chadwick and the fact that Dr. Strange had to many cooks in the kitchen. You cant hire Raimi and not let him do this thing. They pushed Capt Marvel but I believe this movie should have been a Disney Plus paid exclusive after the first two weeks in the theaters. So yeah even with the Shang Chi and The Externals and the Guardians which were good to me The ball was really dropped with Ant Man bc they didnt establish KANG as a big bad like Thanos! So yeah I agree its like this the DLC of infinity war and end game. We all know if we went from endgame to X-men, Fantastic four, and Blade, and Deadpool I guarantee everyone would be saying something different on the MCU. Lol but I think Feige is trying to course correct now due to Majors issue and trying to bridge it to a more mature MCU as well as trying to actually tell a good connected story!
You obviously hate cats.
Put a chick in it and make her lame and ghey
Oof.
X-men…heard that Kamala khan marvel will be in it as a main member which goes against X-men origin story arcs. Put a chick in it and make it lame…South Park was right
"Why it's pewfectwy cwear. But onwy if you speak...Walla Walla Bing Bang!"
...and these writers demanded better pay? No ma'am.
I'm wondering why you or Chris Stuckman haven't talked about The Marsh King's Daughter or Lonesome Soldier yet.
Loved the Dr Cox Scrubs throwback 🤣
Review loki
Another trash MCU film that reaffirms the notion that the MCU officially ended with Endgame.
The villains wig alone ruined the trailers for me. 0 out of 10; never watching this movie ever.
Ironically, I'd absolutely love to see a Marvel movie where there is *no* main villain to stop, and just show us a main good guy is experiencing this kind of problem of power malfunction and having to fix that.
Not surprised Kamala was always the main reason I was gonna watch this movie her character is just really likeable
Least favorite MCU is still probably Iron Man 3.
The movie is not made for me. Simple.
Ms marvel is very good, highly recommend her show
D.O.A.
Woke is a cancer, that is the problem
3:33 "Put a chick in it, and make her gay and lame." 💯😂
So a movie nobody asked, with a plot that makes zero sense, with actors nobody either knows or flat out hate, somehow turns out to be a bad movie. I'm shocked, shocked I said! 😮
MCU turning into Star Wars
Thanks for that Disney afternoon reference....  Brings me back to my 90s childhood, when Disney was actually good at what they did.
Five years ago i never thought Disney was going to released this low quality movies. They were running the game. Every movie was a straight hit at the box office with mostly great reviews. Now is the darkest time of this company.
Many old tv kid shows from when I was a kid in the 70s were really badly written. As a kid I didn't know any better and I glossed over the bad story lines and effects or animations. One of the major problems with Disney is they churn out these garbage stories and hope the big budget effects will make up for it. My child mind fixed those poor effects and animations. If they are trying to make children's movies, the money they  are spending is insane and unnecessary. If they are trying for adult entertainment (not porn) they need to pay attention to suspension of disbelief and respect their audience's time and money.
Woof :)
Yikes, your thumbnail tells me everything I needed to know.😬  (Not suprised, based on the trailer and everything I've heard.)
I bet we all cant wait for the all female avengers movie! M SHE U!
I am genuinely curious how much money this movie makes overall, it has got to be the lowest of all of them so far.
Dammit, I usually disagree with you. And I was anticipating that you loved this movie. Now I’m conflicted. But I must say, I love how you displayed your emotions
3:20 LMFAOOOO HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAA
Aw man I was really hoping this would be good (which is apparently my new MCU catch phrase). I've only seen the first trailer and it looked kind of promising
Remembered back in 2018-2019 when people on internet/social media were trashing on the Disney Channel's live action Kim Possible movie with such a words like "awful" or "cringe" or "garbage" which all of those negative feedback causing the movie to be poorly received while MCU were at their prime making billion after billions (Kim Possible DCOM trailer was released on YouTube shortly after Endgame teaser in exact same day but the reception to both teaser/trailer were completely different so as how the movie was received) ironically... all of the criticism and backlash towards 2019 Kim Possible DCOM can be implies to current MCU movies and judging by this review, this movie is no exception...  In the end, I will mention a quote from 2019 Kim Possible DCOM (that's fit current state of MCU) because I feel like if Disney putting more hearts and effort into the live action Kim Possible movie to make it good and well received (alongside other Disney's live action such as Nutcracker or Artemis Fowl) they wouldn't have to pay with what currently happens to MCU... *"Imagine the cruel memes"* -Dr. Drakken
Nerdrotic has the best name for the villain “woman the accuser” 😂
love the south park shout out. best MCU movie/villain, infinity war/Thanos hands down
Of course the diverse villain had purple powers. It's like a Cult with Marxist Hollywood. Purple Iconography and Diversity with terrible direction is their calling card. Get rid of these managers and the product will be better cause I have never seen a day in time where Superhero, Star Wars and Star Trek merch fail to sell, but these guys actually proved me wrong.
I saw the trailer for this, and being huge fan of the Infinity Saga (or whatever you call it), but meh since then, I was like "who the hell are 2/3 of these people?"
Just put a chick in it and make her gay! And lame, make it LAME! - Kathleen Kartmennedy
Do i have to play GTA V to watch this movie?
*Casual Reminder* the person who wrote the “You gotta do better senator” speech is writing “Sabra” the first Israeli superhero into the next Captain America movie.
Am glad you haven’t lost your integrity like some others❤
You mean the hammer that Rocket destroys at the end of GOTG? Ooofff
AI would write a better script
A great review.   I like the kid. She seems like a genuine comic book fan and really is living her dream.   I have no desire to see this or to give Disney my money.  It is time. You are now ready for Nerdrotic & FNT.   Keep up the great work, Jeremy!
After seeing both Love and Thunder and Quantumania in theaters, I am done with Marvel movies for a while.  Way too inconsistent ever since Black Panther 2 - they need the old quality assurance team in place because these movies just are not cutting it anymore.  Even if you want to see these movies, wait until they come to Disney+ and save yourself the price of admission.
MCU had a good run, time to move onto domething else.
I was 19 when I started watching your videos. Now I will InshaAllah turn 30 in December. Time sure has flied.. Love your videos, Jeremy!
I was looking forward to this movie, Only because of the reviews lol
I was really hoping this wouldn't be the case, but I'm not surprised.   It was a film like Ant-Man 3 that was developed during the Bob Chapek mess. It was going to be a mess.
IGN give this an 8.......
Can you please do a spoiler review, I don’t feel like watching the movie. Thanks.
since last years' movies and series i've lost all hope in this constant drivel they push out for a quick buck
There could have been a great Captain Marvel 2 movie that introduced two iconic X-Men characters. The high level story could have been Carol working with Fury to track down a Rogue Skrull causing various issues on Earth. The big surprise in the movie would have been that the “Skrull” was actually Mystique impersonating one. Then have the climactic battle be Rogue vs Captain Marvel battling as Rogue slowly steals all of Carol’s powers. This would have been comic accurate, introduced two iconic X-Men characters, and had an all female cast like Disney and Marvel clearly wanted for their ESG score.
Not written by AI, written by DEI hired writers.  Just like the last few years.
I didn't watch the whole thing. I got what I needed to know from the opening. I did leave you a like though!
Disney exec: what should we do for the villain. Another exec: (insert KK Cartman phrase)
The "woof" just says it all. 😂
These are all crappy DLC/sidestories since Endgame. I hope they go back to the main story...
He said DLC 😂😂😂 I knew that it was going to be bad, but now this bad.
No dude, AI cant write woke trash like tgat without years of doversity, inclusion and equity training. AI doesnt get rewarded by ESG and blackrock, vanguard and state street (same shit anyway, they own each other and everything there is) arent funding AI to write woke trash.   So no, only diversity hires, after years of college training and brainwashing can write such trash
I can't believe for all the negative comments from Jeremy he didn't rate it DogShit.  Social pressure?
The South Park Manatees would’ve done a better job
Well, if the writer's strike is still going on it wouldn't surprise me if a little AI was used in the writing process
The only problem with giving a thumbs up to this video is that YouTube now probably thinks i like and want more content based on this trash film😅
HER Being a fan of a woman who was barely ever present, makes 0 fucking sense.
The type of movie u”d see in the $1 bin next to the porn magazines at the liquor store .
9 minutes of Jeremy in psychological distress ...  and yet, somehow, hilarious (the man is a national treasure) this is prime Jeremy right here
They relegated captain marvel in her own movie which is an achievement i guess
Serious question Jeremy: Would you consider this to be more of a bland generic overly packed CGI crapfest than The Eternals? For me that was probably the absolute bottom of the barrel for MCU movies, I’m not looking forward to the movie that’ll replace that title someday.
That south park episode really resonates with me now
Why did you bother posting this?
Iman just has an energy that makes people smile.
My worst MCU films: Love and Thunder Captain Marvel Eternals Ragnarok The Guardians trilogy.
Your face in the thumbnail is all I needed to know.
Get 'em Jeremy 😂
I have had literally no interest in any MCU movie post endgame. Even the shows, other than Loki, nothing has wanted me to watch anything Marvel related. It seems like they have 0 idea of what direction they're going in, or who they're targeting this shit at.
Shame because Loki Season 2 is one of the best things marvel has ever made.
Seem this is already teed up for the usual culture war. Normal movie goers vs critics. Glowing reviews out
Was going to go watch it but now I’ll just wait until it comes to Disney Plus.
“Excuse me, I asked the chef to put 3 lame chicks in my linguine!!”
😭👌🏾bro this dude is so funny without even trying love his witty sarcasm
After watching and really enjoying Spiderman 3 and Guardians 3 I put the MCU to rest. It was GREAT but not even the X-Men could bring me back. The studio is far too incompetent anymore
just got a ad for this movie 😆
Had my money on this one being dogshit... oh well, suspicions still confirmed. Endgame may be the most appropriate title in movie history.
So no blue marvel huh? Smh
Disney loves burning money, don't they?
It remains me of eternals critics hated audience like it
When Grace Randolph fails, Jeremy succeeds.
Put a chick in it and make her gay! 😂
This review is pure comedy gold 🤣
Lokis carrying mcu on its back right now
So no need to watch the movie 😅
This feels like years of mediocrity building up and Jeremy finally letting it all out lol
you compared it to Thor love and thunder? yeh,im out!
*insert Kathleen Kennedy catch phrase from enter the panderverse*
Last scene was the best "black girl magic"!! Maybe the best scene in movie history🎉🎉
Watch Ms. Marvel. It’s really good and Iman is great in that too.
I’ve heard it’s fun but I do agree that the MCU needs a break.
The reboot is coming : secret wars
I have the feeling that this review is 100% more entertaining than the movie.
going to see this Saturday Afternoon...least favorite MCU movie is Thor Love and Blunder...Thunder. So far
I’m surprised you were able to watch it early for a review since you’ll actually give an honest opinion. I expect tomorrow all Disney’s paid “critics” to come our praising
This movie may make $3
Leave it to Disney to absolutely 9/11 the MCU!  “Look guys, we just bought one of the most successful movie franchises of all time. All we gotta do is not F it up completely and we can all retire rich, go buy some islands somewhere, and do whatever the F we want to do! Just don’t F it up completely - easy, right?”  -proceeds to F it up completely. 😑
Betting money that the post credit scene will cameo “Beast” from the X-Men
The villain was so embarrassing
I’m in such a weird place because I love the MCU and I love the superhero genre. But I’m getting tired of all the mediocre shit MCU has put out after Endgame. There’s too many shows that are just average, Spider-Man NWH and Guardians 3 were great but everything else has just been so meh. It’s felt like the storyline has been all over the place and spread so thin with all these shows you need to watch to keep up. I’m just waiting for that next MCU project to revitalise my hype but until then I’m just a bit bored with the MCU which hurts me to say 😢
Sounds like the MCU is gonna have its first major flop, and I haven't even seen the movie yet.
It was no secret this movie was going to bomb.
The fact that marvel did not use dr doom , x men , and fantastic 4 as soon as they bought fox is one of the dumbest fuckin things marvel did.
Jeremy out here gettin' mid-ness madness!
Glad it sucked
its awesome that this movie will flop!! they deserve all of it
Made my day 😂  I knew the Movie sucks very hard
She Hulk was right. Everything is being writen by a robot, that's also still running V0.1 of Chat GPT.
Least favourite MCU movie is Thor 4 Fuck that movie
Gen V review? Loki s2?
No if AI wrote the script we at leat get a bad but finny movie.
I trust Jeremy's reviews now bc he is not afraid to call a spade a spade.
this will be looked back on as the m she u era of marvel.. a cautionary tale.
0:25 Oooo, so close. I think its the first 30 seconds you cant curse.
I always thought after endgame we wouldn’t see another marvel movie for a few years. That way audiences wouldn’t get fatigued and they could really hash out what would be next. Clearly, I gave these people too much credit…
WAHMEN POWER
Of course Ms marvel like the only character outside of Monica was the only character i was gonna watch this movie for happens to be the best character
Why does everyone talk so highly of Taika Waititi all the time? Am I the only one on the planet who absolutely hated both of his movies?! The guy has nothing but contempt towards the comics and characters.
I haven’t even seen the video yet and I’m just laughing at Jeremy’s thumbnail 😂 love it.
If you decide to watch Ms. Marvel after seeing her performance in this movie, be warned that the villains of that show are equally as bad (or perhaps worse) than the villain of The Marvels.
Until hulk and thanos get a proper rematch, mcu will be cursed forever
put a chick-en in it , make it lame and make it gay
I loved Ms. Marvel and enjoyed Captain Marvel, despite its flaws. So I'm planning to go see The Marvels, even if there's not a lot of positive buzz around the project.
im so sad to hear this movie sucks. i was really looking forward to seeing it. so much potential.
Holy crap...  Someone went to go see this.
I really thought this one would get dog shit
Marvel literally has a blow off top with endgame and now its just..well...this..
I would like to watch this thing but I have anything else to do.
Ouch, this is harsh. But to each their own, I was pleasantly surprised, personally.
Besides the third Guardians and the couple Spiderman movies I haven't seen anything from the MCU since Endgame. That's where I personally felt the whole thing ended and it was really satisfying. Now they're just milking it.
Is there a chicken 🐔
"What is it you do here" Why did i see Doctor Cox from Scrubs for a second there?
the day will come when disney movies start receiving day 1 patches to fix how horrendous they've become...
6:30 That was an episode of transformers
Didn’t have any interest in this till u mentioned singing planet. That’s my kind of nonsense.
I am pretty sure watching The Marvels has caused your beard to gray faster!
That board-room scene you did was great! Good job!
His facial expression in the thumbnail says it all. 😅
We went from ‘Here Me and Rejoice’ to ‘Pizzaballs- you have a Spiderman?’ And Singing to talk to people.
People were afraid to give reviews like this 2 years ago. Progress people, progress. Good to see common sense returning.
You know its bad when they are using endgame clips in the trailer.
Really thought this was leading up to a Dogshit rating. I’m kinda disappointed it’s not worse.
Marvel is so outplayed at this point. Just stop
It's over MCU. It was an amazing run, but just stop for a little while. Reboots are always welcomed down the line.
I have no faith in them for doing a good X men or Fantastic Four anymore.   It was all I was looking forward to after Endgame
Thank you for doing honest movie reviews. And not just saying that every movie you watch is amazing.
makes me sad that marvel has lost its magic
So, this is why Disney placed the review embargo on this movie until now...
I had no idea this movie was even created… probably a good thing lol
At 2:53: was it the Wayan Brothers from White Chicks?
Put a chick in it and make her gay af
If you're saying Khan is the best part of this, then yeah it's absolutely abysmal haha 😂
I feel sorry for the crunched CGI artists that simply can't deliver high quality stuff when they are constantly being asked to redo shots over and over again, while still being expected to meet strict deadlines. Yeah, the CGI might suck in this movie, but I blame the exec managers for this, not the artists. The MCU has completely derailed.
Yep, about what i expected, the ENTIRE  comments section clings to THIS opinion, rather than forming thier own.
Put three chicks in it! Swap them around!
Marvel needs to hire the Russo brothers to make high quality movies again.
I was more so looking forward to this review of the movie than the movie itself. 🤣
It would be more sad if this movie wasnt being  written by AI, so I have to believe it is.
Lmaooo Bruv theyve given up 😂😂 like all the way given up. Like, its my last day working at walmart, i couldnt give a shit less cause im outie, not even putting my 2 weeks in. The villain is SOOOO LAZILY WRITTEN "hey whatever! We need a whatever! I mean villain?.... yes! Villain. Whatever whatever! Action!" ("Do anything! These morons will eat it up!)
The room of “people” clapping and the South Park reference had me dying 😂
This review is probably more entertaining than The Crapvels
Loved the opening 😂 not surprised about this rating for the movie. Yeah they need to take a break to refocus. I miss how each movie or project was a strategic part of a BIG picture ie Endgame. You couldn’t see the big picture unless you watched the previous films and even then it wasn’t complete until final project. Where is that planning now?
Need to see a review on the new South Park special!
Marvel hit its peak, and I have stopped watching them after the last Thor movie.  I just don’t care anymore!
I simply cannot grasp WHY Marvel has chosen to go this direction with the MCU. There are SO MANY amazing storylines and heroes to still explore and develop. It makes no sense at all.
Im gonna pay for the movie and pull up to it 1 hour and 40 min later to see the end credit scenes
So cringey when Sam Jackson says black girl magic...give me a break
I just really wanted to know what watch you were wearing!  Thanks for confirming what I surmised and again, another excellent review!
There is no longer a point in checking comic books for reference Marvel movies stopped following the comics years ago.
thank you for letting me know, not gonna watch it ... I will pass
Quit blaming AI, blame the talentless writers who make a conscious point NOT to care about the material.
Iman Vellani deserves so much better than this, I liked her series
I’m confused she got his hammer.. and watching the trailers I assumed that just seeing the trailer
I’m expecting absolutely nothing from this movie except Brie looking amazingly hot and I get to dress up as one of my favorite superheroes to go to the movies.
You can't have a character dynamic when Bri/Danvers has the personality and screen presence of a gnat. And even the gnat might find that insulting.
Make her a woman, lame and gahhh🎊🎊😎.
Least favorite Marvel villain: Carol Danvers
Unfortunately this was written by a human... So yeah...
MCU is just sad at this point and there's no coming back.
I'm seeing interestingly polarizing reviews so far. I guess I'll like it then
Jeremy really made a thorough, 8 minute, 53 second video to go through everything in this movie that he hated. But he loved Ms. Marvel, so I'm cool with that 🤘
Ms. Marvel is for sure a sleeper Disney + series. She's really really good in it. It is geared more towards a younger audience though
Literally every Marvel movie after End Game has been trash.  The MCU is over.
as expected, this movie is hot garbage
Endgame was good but I would say that Marvel was never the same after the snap in Infinity War. To me IW was the peak of Marvel. Endgame was the big payoff and the big harvest but still good. No Way Home was great but that to me felt more of a Sony movie that a Marvel movie.
3:41 😂🤣
Well considering the actors strike their getting a break weather they like it or not 😅
Ign just gave it an 8... Disney paying off the big guys one film at a time.
I can’t wait for FNT
I didn't know it was out already. Well another Disney disaster, I don't think I could lose that much money that fast if I tried.
So the villain is basically ‘put in a chick, make her lame and gay.’  Cool, skip this crap.
Everyone disliked this movie except for Grace lmao.. we all know why
The Duck-Tales reboot is criminally underrated! The insane amount of callbacks and Easter eggs … 10/10
They should have taken a break after End Game.
Eh, I'll watch it anyway, despite not feeling hyped for it, nor not expecting much of it anymore. Wow, I guess I'm already burned out on MCU movies now. It finally happened. I don't care about these movies anymore. Unless they bring the Fantastic Four, X-Men, or something big to get me hyped b/c these movies are doing it for me anymore.
Least favourite mcu movie is probably this movie  and least favourite villian is probably the villain in this movie and I haven't even seen it and probably won't watch it either. The best thing for the mcu to do is either break a deal with other studios again and loan out some of the hereos and come up with some fresh ideas. Instead throwing shit at the wall and hoping it sticks.
If this don’t end with rogue absorbing cap marvels powers and setting up xmen you done wrong marvel
Dollar store Ronan! That’s saying something
Funny, there was an episode of Transformers G1 that had a planet of people that sang instead of talked... and it was incredibly dumb.
Woman The Accuser.
Sounds like you really wanted to give this movie a "Dogshit" but didn't wanna piss off Disney tooooo bad lol.
I bet there will be no misoginy in the comments
Haven’t seen it, nor planning to, but if it’s that bad it’ll make the Flash movie look Oscar worthy
Did anyone expect anything different? Marvel needs to fucking stop man. The cinematic universe should’ve just been reset after endgame. These directors and writers literally have to maneuver within the box that is fitting within a single continuity that’s been going on for what? 30 movies now? Over a well over decade long franchise? Enough is enough
I honestly forgot about this movie til your review was uploaded today. These MCU and DC movies don't interest me anymore.
That "BRILLIANT!!!" in the boardroom skit had so much passion in it.... unlike this film.
Ik Iman gonna stole this movie
It's the M-SHE-U now! 😂
The best part of this movie is when Captain Marvel says it's morvel time, i Almost cry :⁠,⁠-⁠)
This is what happens when you hire the worst possible director. Nia decosta is extremely lazy and has zero creative vision.
Ms. Marvel is the only reason I'd watch this. She is great.
Iman Vellani is the only reason I would see this movie. She's the only character that has given me a reason to give a shit about them
They could’ve done something cool with a SPACE movie, like space is awesome and they didn’t do anything fun with it. At least give Brie Larson a more serious movie since she isn’t the best in this kind of comedy genre, they could’ve done a dark space movie with Larsons drama acting at the front but nah stupid comedy go brrr 😡
The thumbnail says it all 😂😂😂. Knew this movie was gonna bomb
“MCU needs to take a break” might be the best possible way to summarize the situation. Alternatively “Go home Marvel. You’re Drunk.”
Put a Chick in it, make her lame and gay!!!
This is the most anticipated bomb of the year
😂😂😂 I like the opening
It would be better if it was written by ChatGPT
the problem with the carol and monica connection is that we didn't get much of carol and monica's mom prior. Maverick and Rooster's connection worked because we saw Mav's and Goose's connection. So hearing Rooster say stuff like "I see smoke" or "C'mon, Mav, do some of that pilot shit" made you smile because we were watching him as his father flying his old partner.
Naaah bro!!!!!!!! This was extreme feminist, esg, girl power nonsense with no redeeming qualities!! Say it as it is!!!
I think it bears mentioning that we're pretty much at the end of the "fucked up by Bob Chapek and the pandemic" era. They're slowing down, they're shifting priorities, and they're giving Feige more space to do proper oversight. I think the wild success of the Infinity Saga earned them the benefit of the doubt moving forward.
After this review, just vote with your wallet, and stay clear of this one.
Dead on arrival  Damn, Jeremy didn’t even stay for the end credit scene!
Great job that was the best review of a movie I have seen in a long long time. Honest truthful it seemed like it was adjusted for everyone there was no presence of any shell for Disney
Glad Iman is good. I thought she would JarJar the film, but she seem like, the most praised thing about the film.
But girl boss chick “I’m a sting wahmaaaaaan”. 🤮
All I saw was Jeremy Jahns and The Marvels and I just thought, "This will be a fun watch." Probably more entertaining than the movie.
I expect Jeremy to forget it in T minus two days, but I kind of think it looks good.
I hate Iman Vellani's acting and your description of her having fun and not the character _IS BAD ACTING!_
From the details of the review I thought this was headed for a dogshit rating. But, MCU so T minus 1 day?
to think I was excited for The Marvels to see during the Weekend of Thanksgiving but I'll wait it for another weekend and see something else
The fact you snuck in the South Park Panderverse made this one of my favorite review bombs.
Make them gay and more laaaaaammmmmeeeeeee😂😂😂😂😂😂
When the fact that the trailers when from comedic to standard actions to the final trailer being nostalgia pre-end game and actual end game clips and avengers them to bait you, already informed me this movie is not going to be well.
When it comes to Marvel I’m a D1 hater at this point. I’m actively hoping each movie fails so they hopefully eventually do something different.
We knew it would suck.   Feels good to hear it.
"AI" means "Artificial inteligence". That would mean there was any kind of inteligence involved in the making of this movie.
Shit movie 🎥
Didn’t know Jeremy was a watch guy nice Hamilton PSR
2:30 Solid Dr. Cox impression.
Boy guess what Trailer played before this video
Please sell off marvel , disney. Youl have fucked up the work of stan lee
Shocking, I thought for sure this would be the one to put the MCU back on track.
Current day MCU is like seeing a long time friend you lost touch with standing on a corner high on meth begging for change. I want you in my life but not like this MCU.. not like this.
Good lord Jeremy you really have lost your way
So rumors are true, it's as bad as everyone predicted it would be. Everyone else is in denial or doing damage control.
i have a feeling the final battle and the MID CREDIT SCENE of this movie gonna be memorable tho!!!
I saw the trailer at a bar so i only saw it with subtitles, legit couldve sworn they referenced santa clause. Did they mention santa clause?? Hes a legit marvel characger in the comics, THE SUBTITLES SAID "SANTA CLAUSE" DONT LIE TO ME SUBTITLES, BRING SANTA INTO THE MIX
I’m still excited to see this, I haven’t really hated what Marvel has done lately. I think they’re still making at the very least good movies but none of them stand out as much because it’s hard to when you have 30+ movies of similar quality.
It's safe to say movie trailers reveal a lot, especially after the final trailer for this. Good thing its only 1 hour and 45 minutes long.
What happened to you over the years? You used to be somewhat funny. Time. You won my 'like' only from you liking Iman Vellani. I love her and her character. I've seen Ms. Marvel at least 37 times, and will probably go watch it again today (it calms my anxieties). Do yourself a favor and go watch it.
I want to hear a spoiler review just to hear Jeremy tear into the movie
My favorite movie reviewer after you were one of the only mainstream reviewers to cover The sound of Freedom.
At 3:20 when you acted out the board room meeting I immediately thought of the new south park special! They were honestly bang on.
Haven’t seen the movie and definitely not going to after this. Everything you said is pretty much what I thought this movie will be. Iman Vellani as Ms Marvel is the best part of the movie as she’s the only one who’s actually having fun while everyone else is here because their contract said so. Anyway, who else is hella excited for Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes after that trailer?
2:31 is a great Dr Cox impression, thanks for that Jeremy, fellow Scrubs fan
I appreciate how honest this review is. This isnt someone who wanted to hate this movie but it still sucked ass lol
The hammer was actually powered by the panderstone
The mcu is dying a bit, Lets face it
Dollar store Ronan is such an insult considering how one-dimensional Ronan himself was.
Marvel has some of the most talented actresses at its disposal, only to make them play the most bland, bare characters. Teyonah Parris and Brie Larson are incredible in some of their other films, but they just feel like the same character here.
hmm.... well the "Hammer" is known as the Universal Weapon so... yeah it kinda adapts to different power sources... It was established way better in the animated Fantastic 4 cartoon from 2006. A mega nerd actually got a hold of it at one point, it was pretty cool.
2:51 I feel like you picking up your phone to remember the villains name kinda says exactly what I need to know about this movie XD
Felt like he was going to call it “dogshit”
Yiiikes!
Oh how I’ve been looking forward to this one. The trailers looked so cringe. And I didn’t hate Captain Marvel, I just thought it was pretty bland. This movie looked awful and I’ve got the 🍿 to watch others rip it
Rotten tomatoes score and mixed reviews on Metacritic. Truly one of the movies of all time
I've seen it and it's definitely not Marvels best but it's one of the better Marvel films of late.  The plot is truly very simple but what he is missing is the underlying events/story that is leading up to the future of the MCU. As a massive comic head i got it but it will definitely go over the head of MANY if not all casuals.
I woke up this morning and saw that the end credits scene is on YouTube already. And………it’s exactly what was rumored.
Look, there are folks out there who had a good time with this........yep, there are actually people out there who thought this thing wasn't an absolute POS - go figure.
South park Panderverse was soooooo FUCKING funny as hell!!!
Jeremy Jahns doing his best Pitch Meeting take wasn’t hard… no it was super easy bareky an inconvenience  @3:21
Hey uh.. at least that Echo trailer looked pretty damn sweet  Please be good please be good
Its becoming so weird how so many of us knew that this movie would be dog saliva
@2:30 you channeled Dr. Cox from Scrubs big time LOL.
Yeeeeeah, I'll remember the infinity saga dearly.  Good bye MCU. Back to RuneScape
2:29 Dr. Perry Cox as entered the video.
It's written by diversity hires, not AI.
Jeremy, I thought you had a dream job. You sound more and more as you’ll need antidepressants to continue  your job.
Jeremy, the part of this video when you have the backdrop of the office is proof that you need to do a collab with Ryan George's pitch meeting. ❤
1:24 I’m not hyped for this movie at all, but I will say that despite the flaws of the Ms. Marbel show, the absolute best thing was her performance. Endearing is a great word to describe her. She brings a sincerity to the performance that you can’t help but get attached to, and it’s done in a way where it’s not obnoxious where it easily could have been. I’m glad to hear that she’s able to bring that same quality to the movie.
"mechanic" "dlc".. we need more videogame content from you. I know it's oversaturated.. but I love your gaming takes when you do them.
The thumbnail said it all...
Please review “The Holdovers”
Hahahahahaha
So…Thumbs Up?
Marvel ha sunk into complete APATHY
Oof
You channeled Dr.Cox really well lol
3:21-3:46 kinda longbeachgriffy vibe here 😆
3:40 that background 'Brilliant' made me LMAO
The “BRILLIANT” Adlib at 3:38 was personal😂😂😂
The movie looked bad from the trailers. You could tell how bad this movie was going to stink judging by brie Larson's half assed performance.
WTF is exactly what this crap is
I aint even see the review and ill just say ill wait for it to drop on disney+ lol
What more can you expect out of shit? Worse shit, like the hard shit that is a pain in your ass while pooping.
Oh no.....I'm staying far away. Sucks too, cuz I've always been a fan of Ms.Marvel & Carol Danvers (FROM THE COMICS)
Still waiting for part 2 of the Ashoka series
Put 3 chick's in it and make it lame!
Put a chick in it, make her gay!
It's also the heavily improved version, that makes it much much more impressive that it sucks. I kind of want to know how bad the original was before the repeated release delays.
Please spoil the movie for me
Woke is a problem but it’s nothing compares to how stupid boring this is. It’s sickening boring!
The Carol and Monica stuff is where I'm hoping this goes well, Monica's my favorite character of Phase 4 so far
Yeah mcu villains are just crap on the big screen …. Thanos and hela were good and they should of teamed up like the comics but everyone else is so bad ultron was cool but was nerfed…. He should Of had two films like thanos did
Too bad I was thinking of taking my daughter to see this but it sounds tired and boring
RIP MCU🪦
I'd love to see the script they had when they started shooting this movie.
Hands up   Who saw this coming 🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️🖐️
LOL. Jahns should do a collab with Pitch Meetings for this movie. That would be youtube GOLD.
Can’t wait for the reviews of this dumpster fire 😂
Its a new low when u need to use snippets from the Post Credit Scene in the trailer to actually sell it to the Audience.
The premise sounds like a horrible idea. “Superpowers” are meant to represent the personality and struggles the character goes through: for example, Spider-Man’s powers represent his struggle with growing up and facing responsibility. You have a premise where the characters’ powers switch around…you lose the main point of the story.
I knew noone was going to like the movie
That cut away skit tho! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Nice call back to "The Bobs" in Office Space with "what is it that you do here?"
Ooof, Jeremy woke up and chose violence...
Dang! Harsher than I thought
Calling everything after Endgame "DLC" feels so appropriate it's crazy.
I'm gonna watch it on Disney Plus when it comes out, if I have nothing else to do, and reading one piece all over for the sixth time doesn't sounds better at the moment
Plus dude they don't want to take a break, can't break when you have an agenda to push
If it was written by AI it would be far better.
It sounds like this movie is on the same level as Thor 2 where the plot is basically a bad guy is doing bad guy things and needs to be stopped.  Hard pass from me.
I didn't even know this fil was a thing. Where there any trailers?
Another crap shoot female Starr movie pandering to feminist
So no one‘s excited about the big X-Men reveal at the end this CGI beast looked horrible. And the conversation he had didn’t make sense…
It’ll be a long time before the mcu makes a movie worse than iron man 2, in my opinion. But if this movie is how the X-men finally show up (I have no proof they do, just going off rumors), this might claim that honor from sheer anger alone
The way this review was going I totally expected the first MCU dogshit.
Spoiler Talk button
feels another generic Marvel movie released this year honestly After Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.3 Marvel has been on a downslope of Crap
3:21-3:47 was funny
why am I watching a review of a movie I don't care?
Brie Larson's intuition, which told her to reject Feige's proposal THREE TIMES, was incredible.  It'll just be fun to see the MCU give her this kind of material in the same year that she wins Emmys, Golden Globes, etc. for Lessons In Chemistry.
I hope Iman Vellani goes on to perform in projects actually worth her time. This one isn't it, but she looks like she genuinely enjoys acting.
As I was going through this review, I couldn't help but wonder if we watched the same movie. I found each and every heroine endearing and likable(not just Kamala), and the inbetween them relationship fantastic and fun. And I'd say the villain is of the better marvel villains, certainly better the Ronan. The action was exiting and I kept wanting to see how the story would unfold, and as I kept going, it hit me. I can't believe the day would come, that I would have to unsubscribe from your channel. It is obvious to me after several reviews that you are jumping on the hate bandwagon to try and appeal to the toxic, piece of shit, neckbeard incels that can't stand the diverse direction the MCU is taking. So anyway I haven't, or gonna watch this movie. All the above is made up. I am not really unsubbing.
Jeremy pitching the new ronan is soooooo hilarious😅😅😅😅😅
"Put a chick in it and make her GAY!!!
I thought for a second that you said they made Carol Danvers the villain. Now THAT could’ve been interesting!
Oh wow, it's over. Marvel is done
i wasn't a fan of the show Ms Marvel, but i really did enjoy her as Ms Marvel.  the writing for the show just sucked IMO
Post Endgame has all been horrible. I did enjoy No Way Home but that’s because fan service. But Eternals is the worst, a diverse cast with wooden performances. CGI villain was a joke too.
After watching Candyman I swear Nia DaCosta's uses chat gpt to write her scripts. Also how does this film have the budget it has
it feels like you were holding back a certain amount there.  half expected you to give it a dogsh!t rating.
We are about to get so much entertainment from this film. Not from watching it, of course.
It's over... it's done. Marvel is over, let's move to something else.
This movie gonna be a fart in the wind 🌬️🍃
"Disappointed but not surprised" should be the title
If the movie is that bad then i'm glad that Iman Vellahi can at least get a little bit of credit for making it " a little better "
Yeahhhh, uuuuuuuuummmm NO!! Don't watch FEMINIST CRAP!!
Now I know this movie will be just fine.  The Internet thinks it's trendy to bash the MCU.
I've never heard you drop the F bomb so much, how is this not given a "dogsh*t" rating?
This is definitely one of the superhero movies ever made. It had a very soundtrack and the special effects were present.
Trash movie. Get woke, go broke.
When you said "What's the plot", you mispronounced "point".
After all the twitter hype i knew there was only one man who could validate this shit for me
I still haven't seen Captain Marvel, i never will. I suspect this movie will meet the same fate.
This is the Jeremy review equivalent of the "This is fine, in the room on fire" meme.
If the child is The best thing of the movie I definitely have to stay far away. Can't stand her whiny voice
Infinity War and End Game are tied for my least favourite. Haven't seen this. Not going to see it. I really am not liking the direction the MCU has gone.
Marvel is dead.
Phase 5 being the 'post Endgame dlc' is the perfect way to put it
Jeremy's review of the Marvels brings more intretainment in short form content then the actual 2 hour plus movie. Perfect analogy for movies competiting with everything else now a days.
From what I've been hearing about this movie I'm really surprised that you didn't give it a dogshit rating
So even more trash than the original. 😂
Jeremy you should review Gen V (The Boys spinoff). Really interested to hear your thoughts.
They threw in another diverse women and made it fuckin lame
The MCU needs to stop everything immediately. Scrap everything they’re working on. And just buckle down on making X-men and the fantastic four amazing movies. Treat those two movies the way you treated all of the avengers movies. With fkn love. Stop all this multiverse crap and start a mutant saga.
IGN been promoting this movie all week, and just gave it a 8/10 ... They are getting that Disney money
In 2 words- Dog Shit- wait thats one word
Jeremy's face says it all.  And after this video, I can tell Jeremy watched the new South Park special 😂😂
Go Woke female power go broke
wow you did the whole review without saying Brie Larson LMAO that's saying something....
I knew imon was going to be the best part
I would love your take on Alan Wake 2. I hope you are playing it or plan on it
The only thing I’ve even been remotely interested in watching since Moon Knight (which I didn’t even finish) was Werewolf by Night. Everything else just seems so….. bluh. I think the last film from them I saw was Wakanda Forever? They really need to change it up if they want to draw me back in, lol.
This is probably the most I’ve heard Jeremy cuss lol
4:50 - Yes, two of them, they are for the Dreamcast and Capcom made a collection of them for PSP.
If I open a college, it will be called Diversity University.
Sounds like it's a Frankenstein kind of movie. Just slapped together.
My mom says you are handsome so take that for what it's worth
Please tell me you didn’t pay money to see this…did you pirate it at least?
how nice to see a free film critic, with an honest opinion!
As someone who's watched Ms. Marvel, yeah.. i kinda figured Iman would carry this movie. Pity she had to be in this crapshow. She's a real one too, tho. A real comics nerd. I've been reading comics for decades, but this youngster knows probably x10 about comics lore than i do. 😊♥️🇵🇭
Thank you for your honest review.
I really thought you were going to rate it as dogshit....and then you surprised me. Maybe Iman Vellani saved it.
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY! Disney is bad at diversity
😂 Da *_Wuby Rings of Wallah Wallah-Bing Bang_* Disney Afternoon Stand Up 😎
who else was about to type a southpark comment before Jeremy stole it.
Speaking of LOKI.... The villain is acted by Tom Hiddleston's fiancee.  Think there was some coaching there?
Exactly, marvel movies absolutely need to stop for some good time. Gather good writers and directors who actually give a shit and produce quality NOT quantity
I don't need some 40 year old white dude telling me what they didn't like about the Marvels. It wasn't made for them
Yes! The return of Studio Exec Jeremy! It's been so long.
CGI Beast can't save the movie!?
The MCU desperately needs a full reboot.
Thank you for always being honest in yourr video
This is what rock bottom looks like.
Oh the post endgame era started off so well with the shows (i will fight yall if yall say loki s1 and falcon and the winter solider wasnt at least worth yiur time) now the best we can do with the MCU is mid content and a few that are just ass....
Least favorite MCU movie is Black Panther 2.
I have zero interest in seeing this movie i didnt like the idea of it before i watched the trailer but the trailer was the nail in the coffin and if disney dont do something soon their golden goose is cooked
You know...Screenwriter guy and Producer Guy really should have an applause and laugh track!    Jeremy, it works brilliantly.
Love ya Jer, was looking forward to this review cuz i wasn't gonna watch this based on the trailer lol. Always love your reviews
Some reviewers will gush over this movie because it’s women, or because it’s Marvel or because of the diversity of the cast. Some reviewers will bash it because of the same reasons. Thankfully we have Jeremy to just judge the movie on the movie.
IGN got paid, They loved it
man thi is my most anticipated movie of 2023, why you ask? Because the reviews of this thrash bomb will be FIRE! And I'm all here for it baby! LETSGOOOOOO!
Wasn’t sure if I should watch this movie until your review. Thanks for saving my time and money to the theater Jeremy
my compulsion to see this movie is the same as my compulsion to do DIY dentistry on myself for no other reason than to find out how much pain i can take in the name of research! Zero.
So this movie is Shaka, when the walls fell
The sludge must flow.
I can see why Brie Larson was feeling like her lead role was being threatened, Ms. Marvels actor feels more positive and enthusiastic compared to captain marvel.
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY!!!     AND LAME!!
i think thor ragnarok left a trauma for marvel studios
I’m so disappointed. I was actually excited for this movie enough to go see it, which hasn’t been the case for me with marvel movies since Love and Thunder. The first trailer got me hyped, cause it seemed like the focus was going to be on the characters and the fun gimmick. I also thought that Carol Danvers not being bogged down by an amnesia trope and a movie that focuses more setup to the MCU than her character, could finally give her a movie she deserves. Enjoyed your review though, it’s hard to engage with Marvel criticisms nowadays, and media in general cause it’s taken over by so much culture war bullshit and grifters complaining about “wokenees” instead of actual media analysis. Im thankful i can trust you to be honest in your opinions and funny to boot.
Black Girl Power?
Wokism.
How has an Oscar winner like Brie Larson fallen off this far. She rarely in any good movies anymore.
I'm shocked it wasnt dogshit tbh
I don’t know why Marvel went all in with Taika’s he has yet to produce a billion dollar hit.
Jeremy pulling no punches 👏
Nowadays when I see the Marvel or Disney logo on a movie it's an instant NO from me. I've liked super hero movies almost all my life but nowadays all of them are bad or awful. Not going to watch this one.
So basically it’s Wonder Woman 1984 but with Captain Marvel instead. 😭😭😭
I would have been so surprised if this movie didn’t suck.
Well damn... I was hoping for a turnaround but I think it's just going to have to take a little bit longer. I think all these things are already in the pipeline, so I think it's going to take this next batch of movies to kind of clear out all this gunk that's been kind of in production since about 2020. So with that said, I guess we'll just have to wait and see even though that's what we said with Ant-Man and the wasp or quantumania and and then after love and thunder, guardians I liked a lot. Dr. Strange was good to me. Not like really good like we watchable good. Like a lot of the early MCU but I enjoyed it. They just need to get their stuff straight. Jesus. I'm here to give you my money. Just make it good. I can still watch civil war for the million time and enjoy it. I can watch infinity war for the million time and enjoy it. I can watch Ragnarok from the million time and still enjoy it. Winter soldier iron Man. I've seen Ultron multiple times. I think it's actually better than people give a credit for. Original avengers still love it. I even like the incredible hulk. Not a great movie but I've watched that multiple times. I enjoy it. But this batch ever since the Black widow movie has been so lackluster. And with each movie I'm hoping that they come out of it. And with each movie it's like damn. Even the shows. I really enjoyed Wanda Vision. Didn't really care for falcon and the winter soldier. Season 1 of Loki it was all right. I'm like in season 2 a lot better. I actually enjoyed Hawkeye. I know I'm crazy but I did. She-Hulk I didn't hate it but... I don't know. It wasn't good really. And then moon night. Can't say I really enjoy that either washed it felt like I had to but then it kind of feels like why am I watching any of this cuz none of it seems really all that connected anyway so I don't know whatever I want to see it cuz I'm stupid and I want to keep up with everything. But yeah can't say I'm surprised but I can say I am disappointed.
Not writtten by AI, written by SJW women and feminist men.
I was hoping for The DS rating....😮‍💨 Booooo! BTW, FNAF was WAY better than DS! We saw it like 4 times! 🤷 Still love you though! Thanks Jeremy!
Well it’ll be interesting to see how my perspective on this film will be when I see it this Friday, but from seeing all the reviews it really is a mixed bag with Jeremy’s and several others on YouTube I follow on the lower end of the spectrum. 😐
Can’t wait for people to give it great reviews just because of “girl power” or “feminism” or whatever
At least it's not complete dog shit
Yay wokeness.....💩💩
They should have regrouped and taken a break years ago...they got greedy and Disney is Disney I guess. It had no hype and then was still really bad. MCU hasn't been good since Endgame, it just had a few highlights.
Comparing the way Jeremy reviwed FNAF and the way he reviwed this, I honestly thought he was going to say something even worse than dogshit this time
Well, Jeremy, it’s like you said: “If the MCU ended with Endgame, I wouldn’t mind. That’s a good ending.”  Because, aside from some pretty good entries, I don’t know what the f*** is going on now!!!
You can clearly see Disney has bought up bots to give this movie good reviews. It's so blatantly obvious at this point.
Agreed on the 5 year hiatus. The funny thing is, there could have been a narrative reason for it as well. MCU events typically happen in the same year as movie release. This was true until Endgame which jumps 5 years.   So yeah, a five year pause on main storyline and running loki shenanigans on disney plus and Sony’s spiderman on big screen would have been nice until it was time to introduce Kang to the main timeline and do it right.
I see what you did there south park nailed it bro lol. I love your honest reviews bro I have been watching you for years now and you are always spot on bro. Keep it going bro doing a sick job and I called it this movie was going to blow along time ago lol.
I just wish Brie Larson would just go away now
I knew once there were no reviews the week of that this was gonna be trash.
im very excited to not like this movie
I know the first Captain Marvel was bad but. Man, I was kind of hoping for a little more.
MCU is dead, I was been to the funeral
SPOILER COMMENT: so keep scrolling if you care to see this.    Ms. Marvel definitely should’ve had big second thoughts of being a hero or a scene about Captain Marvel’s decision to leave so many Skrulls to die without a choice. But they just completely brush over it
Obviously it is the best marvel movie ever with the best most talented cast bestest action scenes and funniest and if you disagree you will be called an incel as usual :P
a movie with a Muslim lead character brought to you by the company that is currently backing Israel's genocide of Palestinians
I like how Jeremy tries to make sense of a dying franchise that not even its creators can't make sense of anymore.
Peak M-She-U
That Dr. Cox reference was on POINT
If money wasn't a thought behind any of this I think after Endgame the creative minds would have loved a couple years to plan out a fresh new buildup to something amazing again. But the wheels kept turning and turning and this is what you get. The machine needs a damn break it's runnin on fumes
I was unfortunate to see a test screening of this like 4 months ago. It wasn’t good then, and it sounds like it isn’t good now. Just goes to show that the people in charge don’t listen to what the fans want and it is sad.
Happy this stupid movie is going to bomb because maybe it'll finally hurt the ceos enough to change. Unhappy it makes those toxic hate pages take a victory lap. So torn....
AI would be better than the writers that Disney hires.  I think I could find some talented middle-schoolers who could write better..
I mean I love big budget space none sense.  It’s what I’ve wanted from the mcu since day one
i knew it was absolute trash. Marvel is trash, thanks to the wokeness
Movies might as well be made by AI at this point.. The people making the decisions are devoid of humanity.
I was only seeing it for Park Seo-joon
Enough MCU… for the love of god stop the mediocrity!
Marvel: No we arent desparate to get you to see this movie. We just felt like putting endgame clips in the trailer to not spoil the Marvels! And we want you to be eXcited for what is neXt and that eXample we put is a totally new eXperience that you will never see coming.... psst leak out the post credit Bob
The worst one I've seen by far is Thor LT, preparing myself for this.
How do these movies get out of the studio…or whatever?
The hype/hate train was so real I forgot it was coming out lol 😂
Stop going to the movies, guys. Disney has zero artistic integrity and it's time to make them pay. The only language they speak is money, so stop giving it to them!
Beast looks awesome
It wouldn't surprise me that Iman Vellani is the best part of the whole movie because this movie is technically more of a sequel to Ms Marvel than Captain America 2
Imagine if anyone said white girl power
Now I NEED that spoiler review.
D*** sounds like my least favorite Marvel movie. Is this one and I haven't even seen it yer lol😂
3:21 LOVE seeing you in other (Greenscreen) environments! Feel free to do more of that! :D
Hahaha amazing review 😂
Black Girl Magic! I think Disney/Marvel is using the Panderstone as a d!ldo.
The face you're making in the thumbnail is like you thought it was going to be good.
Kathleen Kennedy in the shadows whispering to Feigi. “REPLACE RONAN WITH A CHICK. MAKE HER LAME AND GAYYYYY!!!!!!”
Almost as if Disney cared more about diversity quotas when hiring the writers instead of talent. The superhero era is coming to an end. Endgame was the final chapter with the two Spiderman films as epilogues. They should have ended with No Way Home with a post credit scene teasing the X-Men then they should have taken a 5 year break to build up hype.
I feel so bad for not being excited to see this movie at all. Can’t even watch Loki without nodding off
The one year Jermey didn’t like any of the mcu films
Hot KAKA
I watched Captain Marvel in the theater and I thought it was OK. I then watched WandaVision and then once I thought it was great I saw Miss Marvel and I actually thought it was pretty good to so what was expecting out of the marvels honestly dealers and I watched any of that stuff with my kids so if my kids like it it's a good afternoon but I don't think I'm the demographic
This version of Ms Marvel just works.  It's a shame they can't put her in anything good.
Jeremy is clear sexist and a bigot. Obviously kidding
I am just pissed about the fact that Park seo jun's hollywood debut is this load of shit called The Marvel.
I can’t believe Jeremy murdered the MCU in his cold open alone
So it's pants  There's a shock
i feel like ima enjoy this movie more than u did...captain marvel such a cool character its gonna be good to see her do her thing again on the big screen...i know theres gonna be some memorable scenes in this movie
So utter garbage you can smell a mile away
Nice Dr Cox reference
Was honestly expecting this movie to be dog shit. I didn't want it to be that way, but was fully prepared for it.
I LOVE that I dont' have to see this film. What happened to MCU?
You are the best Jeremy lol
Im so excited for this review😂
I feel no need to watch this movie and Jeremy si probably more entertaining anyways.
Saying this movie is written by AI is an insult to AI
Jeremy why the heck did you watch The Marvels before watching Ms. Marvel? The series introduce you to this popular character and sort of continue the story in this film. Please watch the series you definitely wouldn't be disappointed.  I believe this movie would had been so much better if the Studio executives wouldn't have their involvement in it. Nia Dacosta had a different vision for this film but the executives probably wanted her to go that zany MCU route!
wow your acting was 10x better than Brie's. Okay that's no saying much.. I liked it. I watched that part 3 times. Ahaha
There have been many times in the lives of mortals where they’ve been tested. This movie could be one of them.
Least favorite movie: The Incredible Hulk  Least favorite villain: The one from Thor the dark world
Yep. No question, this whole phase is AI
So it sucks... Who figures.
No Way Home was when the MCU ended for me. I haven't watched anything since. And it doesn't feel like I've missed literally anything of note....
Okay, this is a movie people going to have to see drunk. 🍻
Basically... Iman Velani's great. Then there's the most of the other stuffs in the movie. Sums it up, lol.
Wow the marvels is bad who would have guessed
He’s so honest 👊 that’s what keeps him apart from the shills!
Even AI would have consistency within its characters, unlike these “writers”
sweet sweet honesty...how refreshing
Im pretty sure rhe bad guy of this movie is the real life partner of Loki actor Tom Hiddleston.
Can’t wait to not pay for this
My God, Hollywood is such in a bad shape right now... Can't we just get DUNE Part 2 already?
For a moment I thought producer guy showed up, it would have been super easy barely an inconvenience.
For me the last good mcu film was guardians of the galaxy vol 3. Everything else after endgame has been mid or dogshit.
The thumbnail spoils the entire movie.
My guy the first review I see love hearing your thoughts Jeremy! Very sad that this one is just another multiverse/antman type movie
I’m watching this movie for Ms. Marvel, she is soooo cute!🥰
Are we not giving dogshit rating anymore?
The studio exec monologue had me in stitches. You should bust out you’re acting chops, and that character, way more often.
Worst mcu movie? Eternals. Worst Disney plus show would require serious thought…
Looool Saying that AI probably wrote it should be a new rating. I knew this was going to be trash. I like executive setting Jeremy btw
Put a chick in it & make it GAY!!!
they seriously need to stop the "fun" "action", looks like its the only thing they think when they write the script
The MCU became popular because real creatives focused on making good movies with great actors.  Now it’s just too corporatized and a parody of itself at this point.  The product itself still has to be good,  brand loyalty will only go so far. They’re just going for sheer volume to keep their Disney + catalog stacked.
Marvel brought this on themselves by prioritizing wokeness over quality story telling
It was really sounding like this was going to land as a dog $h!t, but the woof wiff at the end was satisfying.
if u compare Justice League 2017 to The Marvels, the Justice League 2017 would seem 10 times better lol.
Hey, sometimes you have to destroy in order to create. I hope Disney gets destroyed soon so we can get back to have proper Marvel movies.
I’m hoping this is marvel’s swan song as far as girl boss movies and shows because there’s never been a good one at this studio ..
It’s crazy that the comments are talking about this is the one, as if the past 4 years weren’t fucking piles of garbage. It’s been a decline since the second avengers movie and the first dagger was Thor 3
And nobody is surprised
A.I. or the alphabet mafia? Kinda the same difference I’ll grant you.
These days i just wanna see Jonathan' majors as kang as a villian lol
If not seen this, no desire too. But are there any positive reviews?
Well according to the one of the lead in the movie...due to your ethnicity your opinion on the movie doesn't count, so doesn't matter if you provided fair points in your criticism it's still sexist 🤷
Totally going to enjoy the reviews and talks about this movie more than the movie itself.
I knew it but it had to happen anyway and  we we all watch it and hate it 2gether
Please do a spoiler talk video.
Least favorite Marvel movie is Antman and the Wasp: Quantumania. Haven’t seen Captain Marvel nor Eternals, so I can't place them here. And Thor: The Dark World isn’t as bad as Antman 3.
You know, I feel like it’s safe to say most people actually want these movies to be good and to succeed because they’re good movies. But god damnit, they just keep releasing crap movie after crap movie. I’m getting to a point where marvel releases just don’t really interest me anymore.
7:55 absolutely, unequivocally, yes.
So... this is a case of likeable characters in an unlikable movie?  Thanks Jeremy, I won't rush out to the theater to see it, this is a "wait for streaming" flick.
Absolutely need more Jeremy Jahns skits now 🤣🤣🤣
This ended with infinity war. Endgame was just whatever. Everything after Endgame has been even more whatever. I was looking forward to X-Men but since they'll probably ruin that too, because I've heard that one of the reasons they are taking so long with the characters, is that "X-*men*" is outdated and they have to repurpose the franchise and characters for a modern audience. Yeah, that drivel again.
I totally agree with your sentiments about Iman Vellani.  She was fantastic in Ms. Marvel, and her genuine love for the universe she's now a part of shows through a very genuine and enjoyable performance.  You can tell she still gives a shit, which is more than I can say about the writers and other BtS people churning out these subpar movies.  What angers me is that this film's likely failure will be grist for the Fandom Menace mill and their wildly irrational hate of Brie Larson and all things "WoKe!1!!" when, in reality, neither will have anything to do with why this movie will inevitably flop.
Expecting as much. I'm actually not happy.
CapMarvel is my least favorite next to Eternals & Thor4. So i will be skipping The Marvels. I didn't like MsMarvel at all. She screams, conplains and whines throught her show & the Marvels trailer, being the heart or not, im not intrested.    Photon was the only character i liked a lot, but im hearing shes got no chemestry with the other two.    So this will be an MCU film i purposely skip. Itll be 2 i didn't bother to see now. When before i seen all others opening day or weekend.
The nicest thing you said about this movie was.... "It's under 2 hours"... LOL.
That's a banger of an opener.
But it's got women and diversity! And that's equal to quality to activist writers.
All i care right now is the new Godzilla film from Japan this late November.
The SP callback 😂 Still accurate.
Missed opportunity: 💩
“ PUT A CHICK IN IT MAKE HER GAY “
Dude everyone gets a Disney + show.  Even the backup backup backup waterboy gets one 😅
I waiting to see how hard the key dangling is
Hm.  I was halfway expecting this thing to schockingly be decent, just cuz all the hate it got.  Wasn't going to see it anyway, but now a legitimate reason
3:37  *put a chick and make it gay! And make it lame!*
I like Loki but the rest of the MCU is dog $hiitt
If I had to go back in time and help Disney, I would say: "First off: Try and save Chadwick Boseman. Secondly: Don't create a streaming service, make an Avergers movie every 5 stand-alone movies, and introduce the Fantastic Four, X-men, and create a Hulk movie as soon as you have the rights to them"
The question is: Did they put a chicken in it?? 🤔
If you liked the Captain Marvel movie but were disappointed by this movie then you only have yourself to blame.
Is it a bird ? Is it a plane ? ITS the review for the most anticipated flopbuster of the year!!
Always appreciate you saving me 20 bucks
LMAO Loved the intro. Made me laugh so hard.
Let's be honest we saw the first Captain Marvel out of obligation than actual interest because of the infinity war cliffhanger and leading up to endgame. That film is were the mcu reached its peak and after that I decided to move on after 10 years of loyalty.
Make Marvel male again!
Was waiting  for this 😂
All I do is pretend that Loki & No Way Home are the only projects that Marvel has put out since Endgame and I feel slightly better about myself
loving how everyone got their courage to talk about things more after trey and matt gave them permission. not aimed at jeremy.. just in general.
Not the dollar store RONAN THE ACUSER .how dare you disrespect RONAN
Yo that thumb nail is a spoiler
Every single sane person knew this would be a shit show. Thankfully, I can just watch these reviews and not have to support the MCU by hatewatching.
Written by Artificial Intelligence? Hmmmm, okay.
MCU is over, can we please let it die. It was fantastic and complete by the end of Endgame. Lets just forget about it now.
(Capt) Marvel never fails to disappoint
I was actually surprised with X-Men post credit scene
Jeremy face says it all about the movie every time
0:49 So, the dollar store rise of the silver surfer?
The best superhero movie of the 2020s is easily The Batman. Nothing else comes CLOSE. Why? Because it was written by someone who cares about the character. Who just wanted to tell the story of a young Batman in his second year of crime fighting, figuring his sht out. He wanted to explore what that kind of Batman would be like, what that world would be like. He had us realize that Batman isn't just a myth or some legend he's just a man trying to figure out how to help Gotham heal, how to heal himself. He had us remember that one of Batman's greatest strengths is his compassion. The scene at the end with him carrying the woman, her refusing to let go of his arm is more impactful than anything Marvel has done recently.
I'm disappointed that this movie is getting bad reviews because I'm a Big MCU fan and so to hear it go down like this makes me feel sad and I hated the hate Captain Marvel got with the whole SJW thing and hearing that she's bland was upsetting and I really had Hope's for this movie I don't like that people think everything MCU movie after Endgame is a DLC and I really want to see more women in Superhero projects like this done right Plus you know all those Anti SJW are gonna give this movie a heard time and I hate hearing how right there going to be for crazy reason
the most shocking thing about this review was that it wasnt dogshit for jeremy, i was waiting for that rating after all the review
This review is so boring... imagine how boring is the movie
The MCU ever since 'The World Of Wakanda' is turning into the WNBA before our very eyes...
post endgame dlc lol
I would even appreciate if Jeremy just said” This was a movie.”
Make it a woman and make it gay
I'm convinced Marvel hit its peak with infinity war and went downhill from there
IGN gave this crap 8. Anyone surprised?
Something is better than nothing. Please don't take a break MCU.
Take a shot every time Jeremy says swap
Yeah, the ONLY reason I am going to go see this at all is because Iman Vellani did such a great job on Ms. Marvel. I held off on watching this series for awhile but recently went back to finish it up to prepare for this film. I was pleasantly surprised and my son and I both enjoyed it very much. She is the heart and soul of the show and did a great job!
My most anticipated movie skip of the year
3:42 😂😂
Since I'm downloading every MCU film to get a 1080p version, let's take a look at MCU's filmography in chronological order...   Phase One 1. Iron Man  2. Incredible Hulk  3. Iron Man 2  4. Thor  5. Captain America: The First Avenger  6. The Avengers   Phase Two  7. Iron Man 3  8. Thor: The Dark World  9. Captain America: The Winter Soldier  10. Guardian of the Galaxy  11. Avengers: Age of Ultron  12. Ant-Man   Phase Three  13. Captain America: Civil War  14. Doctor Strange  15. Guardian of the Galaxy Vol. 2  16. Spider-Man: Homecoming  17. Thor: Ragnarok  18. Black Panther  19. Avengers: Infinity War  20. Ant-Man and the Wasp  21. Captain Marvel  22. Avengers: Endgame  23. Spider-Man: Far From Home   Phase Four 24. Black Widow  25. Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings  26. Eternals  27. Spider-Man: No Way Home  28. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness  29. Thor: Love and Thunder  30. Black Panther: Wakanda Forever  Phase Five 31. Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania  32. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3  33. The Marvels   Has Phase 4 been underrated and overHATED? Phase 4 still gave us...  WandaVision  Black Widow Loki S1 (GOAT MCU series on D+)  Shang-Chi Spider-Man: No Way Home  Some didn't hate Multiverse of Madness like Sean Chandler didn't since he's a Sam Raimi fan. I personally don't hate Love and Thunder and Wakanda Forever as much as others.   Love and Thunder is one of those bad MCU films I've grown to enjoy. I love the entire Zeus scene. True, Bale was underused. Too much unnecessary humor. Didn't care for the kids scene at the end. But I don't hate it. I know everyone is hating on Taika Waititi lately but I look at Thor 4 as his mulligan. He still gave us Ragnarok and Jojo Rabbit, two of my top 30 favorite films ever.   If I saw Love and Thunder playing on TV, I would stop to watch it for some scenes like the entire thing with Zeus and his Zeusettes thirsty for Thor's 🐓. I thought Valkyrie was fun in it. But yeah, it's still a bad movie. I can't excuse it for being a bad movie.   Where Phase Four gets brought down... She-Hulk 🤮 Ms. Marvel Eternals  Moon Knight (I hated it after Ep 1) The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (meh)  Didn’t care for Hawkeye either. I found Kate Bishop to be annoying but most fans didn't when Hawkeye aired two years ago.   What If...? is still quite mid and can be hit or miss with every episode. I'm not excited for their S2 next month. Their scenarios have no consequence and impact to the sacred timeline. It's like watching the Anthology of Interest I and II episodes from Futurama.   Now Phase 5 only has 1 good movie as I'm hearing The Marvels is in the running for worst MCU film. Kristian Harloff who usually sounds like a shill went hard at it while Chris from Film Stocked did not and he didn't care for Blue Beetle. Perhaps level of expectations from each individual?   I personally didn't care for GotG3 as much as others did and I absolutely HATED Quantumania as it made beating Kang look so easy losing from a bunch of giant ants! 🤣 I think I hate Quantumania more than The Dark World. It's like a bad Star Wars movie similar to Attack of the Clones and The Rise of Skywalker with ugly CGI.   So from the 11 films after Endgame, how many rotten ones? Maybe 5? We're talking only films here...  Sure fire garbage -  Eternals Quantumania The Marvels  Then toss in Strange 2, Thor 4, and maybe Wakanda Forever? They're really not that terrible. A generation loves the Star Wars Prequels and it only has 1 good movie out of the 3.  Post-Endgame really hasn't been that bad if we don't include the worthless Disney+ series with the exception of Loki and WandaVision. Take the first three phases and you will find at least 2-3 clunkers from each one.  Phase One -  Incredible Hulk Iron Man 2 (I personally like this)  Thor   Phase Two -  Iron Man 3 Thor: The Dark World  Phase Three -  Ant-Man and the Wasp (I still like this)  Captain Marvel   I personally didn't care for Homecoming.   Phase Four -  Eternals  Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness  Thor: Love and Thunder   Phase Five -  Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania  The Marvels   Future MCU Films  Phase Five 34. Deadpool 3 (2024) 35. Captain America: Brave New World (2024) 36. ThunderBolts (2024) 37. Blade (2025)  Phase Six 38. Fantastic Four (2025) 39. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty (2026) 40. Avengers: Secret Wars (2027)  We get only 1 MCU film in 2026 and 2027? Good. It's getting so played out.   Only three that looks interesting...  1. Avengers: Secret Wars 2. Avengers: The Kang Dynasty  3. Deadpool 3  I don't care about ThunderBolts or the next Captain America film with Falcon. Fantastic Four has had two different iterations and it keeps on failing that Guardians succeeded bringing a family dynamic to MCU.   Phase Four really isn't that bad but Phase Three still wins my top 10 favorite MCU projects...   1. Loki S1 & S2 (4 & 5)  2. Thor: Ragnarok (3)  3. Avengers: Infinity War (3)  4. Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2) 5. The Avengers (1) 6. Captain America: Civil War (3) 7. Avengers: Endgame (3) 8. Spider-Man: No Way Home (4) 9. Avengers: Age of Ultron (2) 10. WandaVision (4)  Phase One: 1 Phase Two: 2 Phase Three: 4 Phase Four: 3 Phase Five: 1 (Loki S2)   Phase: 3 > 2 > 1 > 4 > 5?  Or should I put 4 above 1 and 2? I only liked 5 projects from 1 and 2 combined. I like 5 projects from Phase 4 if I can include WandaVision and Loki. Then again, Phase Four still has She-Hulk.. 🤦🏻‍♂️   Not sure once we get to Secret Wars, it will set it up correctly because viewers won't care about most of the characters. And bringing dead characters will only hurt Endgame. MCU wants to milk a dead character like Star Wars does with Anakin. Bringing back Tony is a Hail Mary play.   MCU film #6, #9, #13, #17, #19, and #22 are my absolute favorites. Age of Ultron (#11) and No Way Home (#27) do have these glaring flaws that prevents them from being in my top 6. I'm mostly attracted to Avengers 1, 3, & 4, Cap 2 & 3, and Thor 3. Only the Avengers films holds importance.   You can argue Phase Four did start off promising specifically in 2021. WandaVision, Loki, and No Way Home are all good to me. I enjoyed Black Widow and Shang-Chi. It's the 2022 stuff like Strange 2, Thor 4, Panther 2, Ms. Marvel, and She-Hulk that really brought it down. Eternals from Nov 2021 is in MCU's bottom 5.   I guess MCU Phase Five is now the worst one being worse than Phase Four because it has Quantumania, Secret Invasion, and The Marvels. That's 4 projects in 2023 so far and 3 of them are bad. Not sure Deadpool 3 is good enough to save it. Were people going crazy for Deadpool 2?  I'll stick to Scorsese and Tarantino films like The Wager and The Movie Critic which are their upcoming films. Zemeckis has Here with Tom Hanks and Robin Wright reunited after 30 years. They maintain a higher quality. When directors rip off Marty's style, he said he doesn't watch their films because he learns nothing new from it.   Most of the movies I want to see the rest of the year aren't coming from a franchise. They are not another sequel, prequel, remake, or reboot...  Killers of the Flower Moon  Priscilla  Napoleon  The Bikeriders  Poor Things   As Francis Ford Coppola said, you won't feel enlightened from watching the same kinds of movies over and over again.  I don't even know why these YouTube reviewers are even showing us their reactions or their review for The Marvels when a lot of people will NOT see it! 🤣 It's going to flop. Why the need to tell everyone what we already know? It sucks. Move on reviewing the next film worthy of our time.
Speak the truth brother!!! this movie destroy itself...oh and it had captain Brie Larson....🙄
''What is it you do here'' laugh my life at that one, thank you Jeremy. At least it means will have a great ''Pitch Meeting'' episode out of it.
Getting an actual fan to play as the fan was honestly 1 of the smartest choices they made in recent years. To bad she's been in shitty stuff
When the guy who loves everything doesn't like your movie ...  you've got a problem.
No written by a Woman who think women are just like men and is stuck up so up her rear it her head almost coming out kf hrr mouth. Let this be a lesson current feminist should not touch a movie
You just gave me enough reasons to never watch this movie.
Dan Murrell tore this movie a new one….
I wish he rated it as dogshit tho
I had zero interest in seeing this, but I had to hear your take on it, so I could be reassured its as dumb as the trailers suggest.  CONFIRMED
The Marvels: The movie where even the people in charge of the MCU just said: eh, just put it out. We tried.
Truly the most wine cat lady movie of all time.  I do feel bad for the actress that plays Ms Marvel. Good actress shit character unfornately who carries shit character because of her charm and actual enthusiasm.
Not surprised Ms marvel was the best part
Yikes... I actually may for the first time skip an MCU movie in theatres.  Post Endgame MCU had some highs - Shang-Chi, BPWK, and the two Spidey movies - but most everything else was a mixed bag.  So yeah, the fatigue has set in.
Who could have guessed? ✋️
The fact that Variety covered the uncertiain fate of MCU should now be a warning that Disney is running out of steam.
2:30 Jermy casually dropping a perfect Dr. Cox impression.
the way he opened for this review i thought we are getting a "dogshit" at the end :D after seeing 1st marvel movie and missing out every disney show i have no interest in this movie.
About what I figured. Wasn't going to waste my money on this.
I'm glad I abandoned the MCU halfway through She-Haul
I really hoped that this would have been good.
Review onyx the fortuitous and the talisman of souls
Careful Jeremy, there's another reviewer that dramatizes the committee that packaged the film.😮
I love how everyone saw this coming since the first trailer dropped
I’m surprised you didn’t dogshit on it
Thanks for the review another stinker from the MCU   Disney is Saving me money I tell you what
The MCU died at Endgame. Other than Spider-Man No Way Home everything else has been garbage.
Great work Jeremy!
Unfortunately, Miss Marvel is the best of the 3 marvels.
I'm betting reviews of this movie are going to get more views than the actual movie.
Weird thing to ask but have you seen Gen V Jeremy?
The MCU just needs to end at this point. I would say we need to band together to sabotage the MCU but Disney seems to be doing that just fine on their own
Never clicked on a video so fast!
Stunning, brave, strong and diverse.
The MCU doesn’t need to take a break, they just need to make better movies and ditch the woke narrative. I don’t know why people keep associating the decline of Marvel and DCU to superhero movie fatigue. It’s just bad movie fatigue. PERIOD
thanks for staying honest jeremy.
The movie is 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
THE MARVELS IS GOD AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL!
You’re toxic masculinity and the patriarchy doesn’t allow you to see the greatness of this movie.
Remember to not hate-watch 😂 disney will take your money the same way.
Star Trek can have a musical episode, but Marvel is where we draw the line
Damn, that was savage
I feel so bad for Iman Vellani. They really got the absolute best casting for Ms Marvel only to completely waste her
Everyone on Twitter who is saying this is the best movie marvel has made in a while has blm in their bio and trans flags. Clearly they aren’t right in the head
Can't wait to see all the YouTube content this trainwreck will generate. Hopefully it will give a nice big slice of humble pie to Marvel and Disney
Fantastic Four did it first. LMFAO
I feel Jeremy should have watched MS Marvel before this, there are gaps which are influencing his review.
love to see the downfall of marvel ngl
Well,.the few YouTube critics that I sort of expected to NOT LIKE,.this movie  have indeed given it mixed to poor reviews. But I've also seen YouTubers that enjoyed it and really found it to be lighthearted fun. At least we FINALLY GET THE X MEN,.in the MCU!!!!!!
i have a free movie ticket that is expiring so im using it to see this. i wish there was literally anything else 😭 but im not so against seeing this that id rather waste the free ticket 😂
Brie Larson sounds so fucking bored
Absolute dogshit of a movie.
Never clicked so fast on a review 😂
Star Wars, Marvel, and hopefully Call of Duty have died this month. They need a resurrection in a few years.
As much as I love the MCU, I 100% agree with your statement: “The MCU needs to take a break.”
How are mcu fans gonna defend this one?
Kathleen Kennedy.  That's it.  She has a golden parachute in her contract.  I think it will cost around $24 mil to Disney to terminate her.  I guess Iger can't figure it all out.  I'ts obvious to anyone paying attention.   Iger and Kathleen are at the helm of the Titanic.
Put chick in it , and make her gay😂
Basically the villain role was just Tom Hiddleston getting his girlfriend a job...
😂😂😂 the skit was a masterpiece
Was waiting for this 😂
I feel sad for Iman Vellani everything else can burn in hell
if you dont have time to watch jeremy's videos and want to know what he thinks just look at the expression he makes on the thumbnail.
And this movie had ALL this extra time with delays to polish the CGI, so there should be no excuses there for Marvel to skimp on the CGI budget. And it had a $250+ million budget (not including marketing, ads, etc) so the budget or break-even is probably around... $450 million or so, give or take a few tens of millions??
The ONLY thing I would want to see of the marvels is your review Jeremy HA!
Who asked for this film??? Who in the world is this for!???!🙄🙄🙄😒😅🤣 🗑 🚮  im going to watch the Holdovers!!!💯💯 I'd give the Woke Marvels film a DOG **** rating!!!! 💯
This is a bit disappointing as the general idea of the film sounds really interesting with the powers causing them to swap and forcing them to work together. Honestly I'm going to watch for ms marvel.  Aside from shang chi phase 4 and 5 does feel very phase 1 and 2, mostly average films and some just there because you need the film (like iron man 2).
Yes! Reviews are coming out ! And the movie sounds worst than I anticipated, this is great !
Movie was a beast.
After that spot on pitch meeting we now need a Pitch Meeting collab asap!!
But how else are we going to smash the patriarchy?!  LMAO so happy this movie is dogshit.
But i still can´t see this movie below 70% at rotten tomatoes. They will do a little "fixing" and remove "Problematic" reviews.
Thanks for keeping it Real!
Hmmm how did this one not get Dogshit as a Rating ...
Ah Jeremy roasting another dogshit MCU movie. Feels pretty routine but I'm not complaining.
Was anyone REALLY SURPRISED
Oh gosh, twitter was praising it :/
The singing planet has HUGE Love and Thunder Waititi energy.
3:45 😂😂😂
Marvel should just make Amazing Spiderman 3
I can’t wait until you do the review for Aquaman and the lost Kingdom
So the villan Is put a chick in it and make her lame and gay scenario
I imagine how shitty the mcu has become is how DC fans have felt all this time 😭
Dude, Jeremy can't catch a break. Opinions vary, but dang, what was the last movie Jeremy saw that he actually liked?
Dat thumbnail though 🫰
Not planning to see it. I enjoyed this review :)
Iman deserved better.
I wasn't going to see it but now knowing that the best one out of the three (Monica rambaeu) isn't really used makes me even less interested.
Chile...
My least favorite movie is Thor Love and thunder. I loved ragnarok and I loved Taita. But I felt like he really took the piss out of serious moments of the movie by adding humor like it worked in the last movie, but it didn’t work when you’re dealing with someone dying of cancer and dealing with the reality of that and then having the screaming goats and then having jokes about orgies. I felt that it should’ve been a serious movie.
AI? YOU MEAN THE WOKIST YOU KNOW, SIMPS AND M-SHE-U WRITERS AND DIRECTORS 😩
This is the one I’ve been waiting on 😬😬
Hot take it wasnt Ai who wrote it i honestly think an AI could write A BETTER STORY
I really wish Iman was given better material to work with.
I wonder why Marvel think that we care about Captain Marvel. Most people said alot of shit when her movie came out and in my honest opinion, she was one of the weakest part of that movie and then in Endgame, she was just… there. So why a sequel to a movie were the main character was so bland?   Also, can we talk about the fact that Carol haven’t aged? The first movie took place in ’95 and the second takes place in 2025. There’s a 30 year gap between and still, she looks the same.
I thought he said "a fat girl" playing in the sandbox rather than "a fan girl".  LOL.
Sad
Childish feminist bs. Im not give this movie a second of my time.
the mcu is officially dead.
Man, did I miss the Jeremy skits!
This indeed was A MOVIE of all time!
Anyone associated with this steaming pile of crap is cringe. Reeee Larson can't find work outside that Mickey Mouse organization
Ha! Im living for this 😂
just go ahead n make that sooiler talk vid lol, i’ll buy a ticket to that instead
I’ve been waiting for your honesty and sarcasm Jeremy!
Agreed on Marvel... feels like they haven't put anything great out in a while.  Really starting to run the brand into the ground.
All I needed to hear was that Iman Vellani is a stand out. I’ve been looking forward to this as a Ms. Marvel movie where carol and Monica are there as well. Lol
Fine I admit it, I watched Duck Tales too. I feel better now that I've said it out loud.
Its looked like trash since the trailer.
put a chick in it and make it Lame and Gay ** - Cartman i mean Kathleen Kennedy
I’m disappointed you even attended this Woke marvel disgusting trash. I guess you would rather be a sellout! SMH sad
Cancelling my Disney Plus subscription WAS a good decision after all.😅
I think we can all agree that 2023 is the year that destroyed the MCU and Disney, especially when Matt and Trey made fun of them.
They couldve just made a wholesome movie that tones down the action and just has captain marvel training ms marvel or something really unique. Shame
TBF I don't think anybody expected this to be good. Sounds like a fun, goofy space adventure perfect for an afternoon watch on Disney Plus. That and gender swapped Roddan lol.
3:34 good lord Jeremy u killed it here😂😂
Comment 😂😂😂😂
Who tf wanted to see this?
Cant wait to see it
Which film will do worse this one or Aquaman, and the lost Kingdom
How many mcu movies have we seen where it is “Good Script Shit Writing”
at this point what is it going to take to get dogshit rating XD
Amazing review of a trash movie :D love the review :)
Captain Marvel was the first MCU movie I REGRETTED paying money for. Monica Ramnbeau, Honestly I love her because she is beautiful. Kamala is  cool. The recent MCU movies have been ass and I've chosen to let my wallet do the talking. So I wasn't going to spend money on this, glad Jeremy validated my decision. MCU get your shit together.
Marvel is dead now. They might wanna call James Gunn back to fix it.
I was really looking forward to this movie release... So I watch everyone take a massive 💩 on it.
Awesome review. In summary, It is there's a review that says I shouldn't watch a movie I never planned to watch.
Oh it's exactly what we thought it was going to be, what a surprise.
I’ve been looking forward to this
This is such a shame to hear. I thought the trailers looked good and the premise seemed cool but it sounds like it's just more MCU trash
I figured that Iman Vellani would be carrying this film, cause she’s the only who gives a shit about being Kamala. Brie is just boring as Hell.
The Dr. Cox call back, beautiful ❤
🎉🎉on point
As someone who’s a big fan of Monica and Kamala in the comics, I just couldn’t get excited for this movie. The swapping gimmick just didn’t interest me at all.
Honest question here man. If you hate something, why do you keep watching?🤣
It's not like Ronin the accuser was fleshed out anyway. Does anyone understand what he stood for? Like with specifics.
Most hilarious, raw review you've done. Loving the psuedo-drunk vibe.
Movie sounds like complete ass.
😂"so what the fuck man"
Jeremy with that Dr. Cox energy at the end! "Woof!"
Iwas hoping this would of been Dogshit, based on your review
Take this for thought. The highest grossing disney movie this year so far is Gaurdians of the Galaxy 3. And Disney just lost James Gunn to their competition.
I will say this again. The MCU ended after EndGame  I’m surprised Jeremy didn’t give it a DogShit rating
Honestly, the fact that the marketing centered so much around Endgame and seeming like ‘Hey! Remember her?!’, I knew this was gonna be a whif
Dollar Store Ronin!!!!  Love it!!!
I love your honesty Jeremy. Thank you. Also, not surprising that this turned out to be crap.
I’m so happy to hear Iman Vellani was good in this movie. She was so good in Ms. Marvel, and honestly I hope she gets to be in more things. She deserves it.
I'm not even going to watch this one for free on Disney+
Disneyplus it is
Excellent work brother as always, mildly surprised it didn't get a dog shit rating though.
2:30  Your accidental(?) Dr. Cox impression is eerily on point
After watching Ms. Marvel I had zero ambition to watch. Now that ambition is in the pure negative after this review 😂
Did they rip Boogie Woogie from Jujustu Kaisen?
How did this get a better rating than fnaf?
thank you are the best
Marvel and Disney have been hot garbage for years now
Yeah, I'm not going to see this so you might as well give the spoiler vid a go.
Put a chick in it and make her gay!
MCU: "We need a new villain for this movie like Ronan..." South Park: "Put a Chick in it and make her gay." MCU: "Good idea."
the msheu
Ok this sounds like a negative reviews. Out of the four mini reviews I watched 3/4 were negative which convince me to just wait til it's out on Disney Plus!
What’s this villain’s motivation? “You took everything from me.”
We need to have more corporate Jeremy. Who’s with me?!
3:37 that little skit with the script meeting, that was absolutely fucking hilarious.  Great review and a damn shame that they just had to pump this one out instead of giving it the time and love it deserved.
i remember when i used to be exited for Marvel movies/shows. now i just don't care... wait, that's wrong, I care about the Loki show, but only because it's good, and feels original
the writers and producers are getting their marching orders or lack of direction from higher up. those people have not been fired. it will not change
3:30 so basically "put a chick in it and make her gay and lame!"
Scorsese was right  Marvel is NOT cinema
Jeremy Jahns should review the classics instead of watching these boring MCU movies
lemme guess, AWESOMETECHCULAR
Just wait the next MCU phase will be a lot better
Honestly, most of the MCU movies after Endgame are just filler for me.  With few exceptions, I just hope they don't f-up the Jonathan Majors issues and they can right the ship with the fantastic properties that they haven't tapped into yet (e.g. Fantastic 4, X-men, Dr. Doom)
Hearing you talk about those planets made me cringe just hearing about it. This just proves that the MCU has become a Baby Franchise for Babies.
Jeremy Jahns continue to be the most honest reviewer in Youtube.😌
The Marvels mid credits: Monica Rambeau gets transported in an alternate reality. She wakes up in the chamber of X Mansion, under care of an alternate version of her mother Maria and Hank McCoy/Mr Beast, who says Charles is asking for an update of her situation. (This is the only reason to watch this movie)
Not even going to see the movie. Waste of time and money
This is the problem with comic movies. Movies aren't cheap to make so they have to be this big event, even when they don't have to be. At least with print comics you're not spending a lot so it is more acceptable for a story to just have low stakes.
What is the plot? The biggest question of the year! Jeremy your reviews are always a blast to watch. Thank you for saving me so much time!
Southpark was right who would've thought
Thank you Jeremy for being honest
I cant wait to watch this dumpster fire 😂
3:30 Jeremy definitely got this bit from Pitch Meeting
Why does anyone care about the MCU still lol
Best Dr. Cox impersonation ever.
I'm so happy critics are hating the movie. It means I'm gonna love it cause it's great❤
I honestly, for some odd fucking reason, thought this looked okay from the first trailer, I thought it might be some low stakes Freaky Friday sort of fun and not another big stupid space adventure I get that Captain Marvel is largely about that but given how much the audience doesn't like her a fun low stakes adventure might have endeared people to her a lot more
The Marvels < Brazzers version
You know a movie is bad when marvel comes out saying the after credit scene ties into the multiverse but no one cares enough to stick around to watch it lol. Ill wait for someone to upload the scenes to youtube and save myself the money
Never clicked the YouTube notification so fast. Just be honest, the movie is complete Dog 💩 you know it to be true
Well here we are. Shocking that this didnt work, Disney are so unlucky because this movie was a slam dunk on paper.....
Black Girl Magic!
I figured,  that's too bad, but thank you again for saving me a couple theater tickets.
We thank you for being super honest
I told you. What did I tell you? Didn't I tell you? Cause I told you. Mmm-hmm. And when did I tell you? A long time ago. And what did I say would happen when I told you? Exactly what just happened.
Woof indeed.
"This will be fine, in a episode of ducktails or something"  I don't know why I laughed so hard at that
thats a damn shame.
Jeremy should write for Southpark.
this movie is gonna make marvillion dollars after the main characters all team up and say "it's marvellin time!"
Watch ms marvel, good show
Oh look a South Park Joins The Panderverse Reference!
Surprised its not Dogshit
Wow, that Disney/Marvel executive made that pitch back in 2020 and still managed to see a South Park episode made in 2023. Is he a time traveler?!?!?!
That singing planet or whatever feels more like a GOTG thing...
It’s funny that he compared it to a game bc apparently the director referenced FF7 Adventure Children while pitching the film.
So you give Dogshit to FNAF, and a T-minus to this dogshit...funny
Marvel's dead... rest in hell, MSheU
This is truly one of the movies of all time.
I hope James Gunn kills it with the DCU, because the MCU just isn’t doing it for me anymore.
Why doesn't Carol age?
That pitch meeting was tight!
I will say after recently binging all the x-men movies and watching the entire 90s show the post credit scene had me HYPED
Jeremy is my all time favorite movie reviewer , 1k views per minute is crazy!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤
Five years from now we’ll be praising this movie for being the rock bottom the MCU needed.
That thumbnail says it all😂...
That pitch meeting like bit was brilliant lmao
MAKE HER A WOMAN AND MAKE HER GAY! Jigs up, Hollywood.
Duck tales, now that is brings back memories.
Noone will watch this Crap 😂
Wait, they renamed this movie to The IMAX! Watch it on your nearest Marvel screen! 😂
Let’s talk about how great Loki season 2 is
Man's tip-toeing about spoilers as if anyone cares at all about them lol
there is no "deep dive" on Dar Benn. The character appeared twice, did nothing, was killed. Giving the name to the villain in the movie was just corporate making sure they don't have to pay extra royalties to anyone for creating an original character.
It's funny cause I've seen nothing but positive review after positive review on this and it actually had me looking forward to seeing it. But I just knew Jeremy would hate it.
2:30 Dr Cox.
1997 Toyota Previa
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER LAME
Can't wait to hear Stucky's take next!
Jermey are you watching loki by any chance?
This review will be controversial no matter what. Negative review and you’re a sexist pig. Positive review and you’re a marvel shill. Neutral review and you’re a fence sitter.
I think the main problem I have is that neither Monica or Kamala were heavily featured enough to justify this. And if we are going to go there, neither was Captain Marvel herself. She had one movie about her and then Endgame where she wasn't the main focus. You had Monica as a child in that first movie and then one tv show and then we have not heard from her since. And in regard to Kamala, one tv show that was unfortunately not really heavily viewed so a lot of people aren't familiar with her.   So adding that all up, how is this movie supposed to appeal to anyone? It requires you to watch two tv shows so you can be familiar with 2/3 of the main characters for this movie. These characters are not developed enough to justify an entire movie being about them.   So people being indifferent to it on top of the current Marvel fatigue combined with how much money Disney spent? It's a recipe for disaster because obviously they're not going to make that money back.
everyone knew this would suck
Jeremy, Marvel has been using AI since Phase 2.
Jeremy was unleashing his inner Robert Downey Jr in that skit and I’m here for it.
Yeah I think ill wait for the Ms Marvel all scenes compilation
Your face says it all lol
The flash is better than this
I have not watched any Disney plus show I've only watched the movies rewatch captain marvel 1 let's see how deep the rabbit hole goes.
So I’m Jeremy jahns cutaway about the villain pitch is it insinuated that this movie was made since last month because thats unintionally funny
“Post Endgame DLC” 🤣
You just can’t drive the marvel super hero center more into the unbelievable garbage than now. Let’s make every strong lead a female of every predictable ethnicity as well as the villain.
Saying this was written by AI is an insult to AI.
At this point in the MCU I'm just Tuned out.
I'm guessing this wasn't a *MARVELOUS* movie going experience
Yeah this movie looked like dogshit
AI would write better shit actually
And in a few weeks Marvel will be wondering why the shitty movie nobody asked for flopped
Very low expectations. But still going. Premiere look kinda sad. Feige looked desparate.
To whomever said that second “Brilliant”: Stop brown nosing.
The body swapping angle would’ve been PERFECT for a Spidey, Strange, Wong, Ned movie. Not… this. I know it comes from the comics, but no
They should have use Hela from Thor.  Now SHE is a villian.
Please do a spoiler review, I don't wanna see this movie.
I’ve been watching you since your transformers review. Love your reviews !
Disney needs to just stop their story ended with Endgame, everything after was just a cashgrab
Uh oh
Marvel: PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY
Lol, this review is what I feel about the current state of the MCU
We all knew The Marvels was gonna be mediocre let's be honest 😂😂
Marvel is woke Garbage 😂🤮
In Jeremy we Trust! Best Reviews in the Youtube imo!
No. I expect AI would do a better job.
*The film needs to make $900 Million to break even... Yeah! Good luck with that.*
The Marvels looks like a fun, colorful entertaining MCU movie, excited to check it out 😊
138th
MCU Phase 4 - The fall off
I’m gonna watch it anyway it’s gonna be great 😀 can’t wait
Who thought this would be good 😂
The MCU is still going ? Haven't watched anything since endgame lol
that south park call out made me laugh at work while listening to this. thank you.
Not the South Park reference 😂😂🔥 Put a chick in it!!
So do you guys think marvel will just stop? Or slowly fade into the worst movie universe in history
Ah yes, that south park episode that makes fun of people who complain about diversity, truly a classic.
I read on twitter that this movie was good lmao
Reboot  Reboot I knew it😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Post Endgame is the 70bug DLC with skins only and a life service roadmap which is canceled after 1 week 🫥
This was a FUSION of light, color, and sound! A movie!
Put a chick in it. Make her lesbian. Make her lame.
The movie was dog shit since it went into the production no need  for any review 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Come for the marvels, stay for the p***y ( cats )
No, this wasn't written by AI.  It would have at least been a surreal interesting experience.
At this point, we can only pray that A.I. takes over the writing at Disney.
After what they did to Hulk and Thor   I'm not looking forward to see what they'll do with the X-Men   They're better at Fox
The Goils.
I haven’t paid for a single Marvel movie or product since Endgame. It was a satisfying end for me. Occasionally I’ll pop in to see how it’s doing (like now) and it doesn’t look good. For others feeling like me, I suggest voting with your wallets (e.g. don’t pay to see this crap)
“How wrong can you get it” 💀💀💀
This video played the Marvels commercial 😂 the irony!!
Not here cus I care about the movie or the MCU,. I''m here to see my favorite movie youtuber rant about it.
Thor Dark World, and Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania I did not care for.
Bro they’re just using endgame footage for their promotional teasers. L. They have to stand on the backs of giants to make themselves feel like they made a good movie. Gtfo.
Did I miss your review for The Killer??
Time will tell how the non critics will truly feel about this.
Let’s all be honest. We all new the movie wasn’t gonna be good.
Knew this would be trash from the trailers ... Oh marvel please bring back the seriousness and good writing 🥲🙃😔 ps.. love the green screen scenes lol
The fact you think this is the doing of AI is funny. Its Disney being Disney.
the South Park reference 😂
Dr. Cox?
uh oh, he has a sour face in the thumbnail. that's a good indication of the movie's quality kind of how when hideo kojima goes to see a movie and he dosen't make any other comment on twitter except "i went to see "type movie name"".
The mechanic feels like a video game mechanic.
We appreciate the blunt honesty.
Beast from X Men is in the post credit scene. There you go just saved 2 hrs of your time and $20 to watch this dogshit 😂
It's not AI it's worse, it was written by Twitter feminists activists lol even AI can write better shit than current movie garbage.
You don't need a 2nd spoiler video for this one. No one's gonna watching this crap.
Pretty much what everyone expected.  Although nice to hear that Iman was good, in the trailers she seemed like the only one really giving it her all.
The MCU is collapsing on itself like a Jenga tower of unpopular characters and fleeing talent.
They put a chick in it, made her gay and lame as hell. 😆 🤣
So, torrent it is!
Thanks for saving me a watch man.
Not Surprising that this Movie is a Failure, it would have been surprisingly if it was Good.
MCU has been on the decline for a while.  This movie really feels like the one that’s gonna stick the dagger in it.
Thanks, but I'm watching regardless. I typically like what others don't!
I’m still looking forward to this movie and I really do love Brie Larson as this character too and she is so badass as this character and she is so sexy too as hell Jeremy
Love it when Jeremy dunks on the current MCU 😮‍💨😮‍💨
When making a poster, seeing the IMAX font bigger than the title itself, it is concerning...
You'll forget T-minus one day?
Jeremy’s expression in the thumbnail says everything
No MCU movie is good. Stop making this trash
So we’re back to the Joel Schumacher Batman days now, huh?
Quit wasting your time with these garbage movies and review the greatest show of all time…. Ted Lasso
I agree that I actually thought it was a really fun concept body swapping. I was sure it would make for some really fun action scenes. But the more I learned about the movie the less interested I was
Ms Marvel makes this film at least watchable
Unironically one of my most anticipated movie reviews from you
I was waiting for this review.
death means nothing in marvel films, awful writing, awful cringey race replacing, all gay as hell, getting sick of this crap
It's so bad
The MCU  Mediocre Cinematic Universe
First
Man there is nothing Marvel can do now to pull the fans back in. James Gunn is about to destroy the entire MCU if his Superman movie is anywhere near as good as GOTG 😂 Everyone will switch over
Jeremy I think you meant MSHEU
I'm skipping this film. Spoilers, Beast makes a cameo. Now i saved you money and time. 😆
Now Jeremy Jahns will get cancelled for not giving The Marvels an awesometacular review
🤮
Please tell me this movie is dogshit
Yeah hate your reviews now.
We all knew this was gonna be trash
Girls get it done!
I am genuinely interested into what shitfest they came up with now. But I'll live vicariously through Youtube reviews for now.
Let's replace superhero films with the Western.
But mah strong female protagonist and I don't need no man femboss!?
YouTubers are going to make a lot of money shitting on this movie lmao
As mediocre as the movie is, if people still pay to see it, Marvel will churn out more mediocrity and nothing will change, vote with your wallets folks, money talks
I actually had a fun time with this one! Sorry to hear you didn’t like it! Great review nonetheless!
Everything was heading towards INFINITY WAR and ENDGAME   Now the MCU became a dead end
Nothing said here surprises me but still hilarious to watch you rant about it
Honestly the MCU should have taken like a 5 year break after thanos and let Sony keep pushing the spider man movies.
I knew it when I heard the announcement. This was boring bad script project
It’s trash I knew it thank you Jeremy 😂🥴
Tfw Jeremy better looking than 90% of Hollywood
The reviewer i trust the most.
🙏🖖🏼
That thumbnail picture is priceless!
Maybe I'll just go watch the end credit scene in YouTube.
Second 😎
Calling it before seeing it: either good time if you’re drunk or not gonna remember it in T-Minus 1 Day
is it spoiler free?
The only one who has said something negative about this movie so far... thank you jeremy!
Oh God Jeremy’s face…..
Notification gang
Oh anything with capt. Marvel is shit
I saw this coming a mile away
Until something severe happens, marvel is pretty much dead.
Marvel is SHITE
Can we please just stop making superhero movies now. The golden era of them is over. Soulless now.
Behold, the most anticipated superhero movie review of 2023.
First!😃
yeah it sucks how they fd up Marvel......
Put a chick in it, make her gay. Most accurate description ever.
Oooofffff
Predicting a dogshit verdict
😂😂 that was a great opening Jeremy!
Almost at 2 million 🎉
LMAOOOOOO
The Wokevels
GEN V? Please? I got mixed feelings.
Thank you for your sacrifice. I wouldn't have watched this
Just spoil it! Nobody's gonna see it 😂
First
For this movie, I'll use a joke from THE BOYS...  "GIRLS GET IT DONE"
I’m just looking forward to the Loki finale. Only good thing marvel got going rn
i hope echo and dd saves marvel
First comment 😂
Oh shit lol
First
I fuckin knew it.
Thank you for the video
First sucka
The review I wanted!!
Nice
Spoiler talk plz
