The 1st Sturmey Archer 3 speed came out in the late 1800s, the 19th century.
The problem with this gearbox is that it always engages two pairs of gear wheels, which reduces efficiency. However, I saw a gearbox in a YouTube video where only one pair of gear wheels was engaged at any given time, giving it twice the efficiency of the Pinion system.
THE PRICE!!!
I've had a P1.18 (18-speed) for 10 years now, and it's been 100% reliable. The whirring sound eventually dies down as the mileage increases. The drag decreases over time as well. From what I have read, the Pinion's drive is through just two gears, whereas the Rohloff's is through many more, yet it is supposed to be more efficient. According to the same article I read, the seals on the Pinion are likely the cause of the extra friction compared to the Rohloff. In other articles I have read on the Pinion, it weeps oil, and I can confirm this from my own observations of my Pinion. However, the weeping oil is so microscopic that it takes a long, long time for a barely visible film to form around the driveshaft area, say around 1500 miles of hard riding. The gearshifting is impressive; I can go from gear one to gear eighteen in almost one twist of my wrist, and the difference in gear ratio from one gear to the next is so tiny that I can always find my perfect cadence, whether I'm going up hill, on a flat, or hammering it down hill, there is always the ideal cadence to suite my energy levels and terrain. I am so impressed by the efficiency and virtually nil maintenance of the Pinion that I have ordered another recumbent with a P1.18 gearbox. As for the cost, yes, it's costly, but after a short while, you forget about it and instead immerse yourself in the pleasures of your Pinion gearbox.
When they appear on a Walmart bikes, I'll buy one.
Pretty cool gadget but the price is obscene. Chain drives are also more efficient.
You can adopt one of this new cool features.. the problem is, you can't adopt more than one. I like belt drives - I can switch to belt drives. I like oval gears - I can switch to oval gears. But I can't switch to belt drives + oval gears. If I want to try something new, I have to step back to default bike setup. Instead of helping each other all that small manufacturers are fighting each other. Sometimes they build the full  bike like this one, but can you modify it? No.
taniwha, a moari word is pronounced tah-knee-fah
Jealous of these. Well I don't ride enough to justify the upgrade but I want.
You got a like because you know how to pronounce 'water'.
you can mix a gearbox with a geared hub?
my bike has no gearbox or caset and weldid bar
Is that a chromoly fork?
dont see any videos of you using internal gear hubs! why not!
It's a fascinating gearbox but for the technology to challenge derailleurs you'd probably need a more simple version that doesn't cost $1600 like instead of the fancy 2 stage gears just have 9 straight cut gears or just accept making it bigger to replace the expensive camshaft and planetary gears with a electronically actuated drum and fork.
They now sell a gearbox with 18 gears for a range of 636%. Pretty amazing.
I really hope you, the video creator or someone with your knowledge could tell me how would that gear box work on a fat bike that is used in the winter. Id really like to know
🚨 No I think the real reason is Bike Shops make money from bike services and new parts so this will effect there income and thats why bike shops don't push it sales
What is that suspension😭
always love your vids, thanks!
I had a Bob Carver build me a unique 29" Cruiser as I'm not a young man anymore more racing bikes.  At the center is a Pinion gearbox on a blue anodized Titanium frame with Onyx hubs, Hope v4 brakes, headset, & pedals, Titanium handlebars/stem that have paddle shifters that instantaneously drops me into the gear I need. I didn't care for the Pinion ratchet shifter.  It's the most fun bike I've ever had and the different colored blue hues of the parts draws a crowd every time.
The manual gear box thing clearly is the reason why it is so rare in the US
I have another kind of gearbox, you should check them out: Nuvinci N360 (older model) it has no gears... It works like a CVT ! I use mine since 2015 and it never needed maintenance nor did it ever failed.
Shimano nexus hubs are found on a good chunk of city bikes here in sweden. Theyre rather nice and is much cheaper than the pinion.
Expensive? Not really because Shimano  has a 200 $ option now for this kind of transmission . Another  reason  we don't  see a lot of these out there is also because  in the bike shops and even online we don't  see it  much .
Will never buy derailleur again.
Can you put it on a single speed dh bike I have a santa cruz v10 single speed and what would be the benefits of it and is it possible.      To seth  I love your content and have been watching it for a long time ⌛️  I have a nukeproof mega with a lot of problems and can't fix it till sell to a local club I am 16 now and it is too small  There is a problem though, I live in the french alps near morzine and I don't know any other way to contact  hope you see my message .
WEIGHT....
Helical cut gears would have been WAY better. Less resistance, way quieter, smoother, plenty strong for MTB. Price would be higher (maybe) but worth it.
Adding Di2 would make it less maintenance, thise wires have risks.
you cant buy the belt AT LOCAL SHOP but u can buy the chain
Probably are stolen.
The drag is really discouraging. It's like riding with a flat. If you never ride a conventional drivetrain again, I guess you'd get used to it, but.
I am sick of all these nutcases trying to reinvent bikes, gearing and wheels
The belt drive has advantages, but, if I'm not mistaken, you also lose some of the power transferred. The chain is supposed to be the best in that regard, no? Something very important on motorcycles, let alone on bicycles.
Actual manual car gearboxes of cars and similar are VERY efficient, probably closer to fixies than classic chain shifters, especially if you don't need to install extra tools like synchronizers and so on. The specific version will probably have downsides in efficiency due to the belt transmission rather than the gearboxes... I think the biggest issue for me is the price 🤣
so why no automatic belt cvt, used in scooters.
Yea, have 12 speed pinion front of my trike 14 speed Rolhoff hub gear box on my  Scorpion FS 26 gives something like 154 gear combinations! I tour with 100 lbs of camping, living and cameras gear as well as food. It’s not fast but I can climb any Mountain with ease, love how I can pick a gear like 5th gear on the pinion then have 14 gears to go or down on Rolhoff one click to the 6th gear on pinion changes the ratio just a bit to get a faster spin. It’s so cool, no derailer but then when I want to travel fast, I ride my Quatrevelo.  Only 22 gears ratio with Mountain Drive.  But then most of you still are in to the 90’s stuff I personally like riding with the wind not into it. Cost? If you have to ask you can afford it!
2/3 into the video and we get into the point. As expected the price. More than my lineage will spend on bikes. Almost spilled my beer on the "yearly oil change on bicycle is low maintenance." Overall entertainig to watch.
i have an 11 speed igh i love it, belt drives are so quite and feel so smooth but Jesus, do you feel the drag especially in lower gears you have to pedal so much more to move the same amount. but its my training bike so who cares xD i would not want to pedal it up a mountain edit*the bike weighs 50 pounds also most of that is from the gearbox*
$1600 for something that’s almost as good, makes perfect sense.
Derailleur deep state ... LOL
Ridiculous price is the main reason.   Not your bull  shit explanation.
This video is dishonest. The big problem with gearboxes is that they don't shift under load.  The speaker hand waves this with "speed matching" and other such nonsense but it's all bad faith.  Gearboxes do not shift until you stop pedaling, a deal-breaker when you're climbing a technical section.  Lack of frame compatibility is also a problem, but that's because no one wants them.  Fix the shifting problem and the story will be different.  It should be noted that there have been numerous attempts to produce gearboxes that shift under load for this very reason.  It's a shame this youtuber feels the need to lie about this.
Because they are incredibly difficult to service.
Gearboxes can be helping but, with the E-bikes now a day having the electric motor at the cranks doesn't make it easy to fit a gearbox in the bike. Andin the regular bike it can help but, like SETH tells you need to design tha frame in a way the gearbox can fir in the bike. Knowing my own E-bike it looks like that I can add the gearbox to my own bike, in case that the motor on my E-bike needs to be replaced. It looks like I can change my E-bike to a regular bike with gearbox.
The inefficiency alone is enough for me to keep maintaining my derailleur instead
Theres no one using ebikes in the backcountry 😂
Love tech climbing with my ochain.
It really depends on what the bike is used for, transmission drive trains make sense off-road, no derailleur hanging down to catch rocks, rental bikes they also make a lot of sense, a road bike where people sometimes spend $2,000 to save 50g, will probably keep what they have.
They will only get better in time, the inertia can be lessened using lighter gears.
Lower efficiency is an issue I had with an Alfine 8-speed Shimano hub.
Not a fan of the noise, but would love to try one.
Shimano have one of the most sold gearbox hub out there, but it's mainly targeted toward daily commuter bike & entry level market. They're meant to be simple, maintenance-free, and inexpensive. They pretty much gave up on high-end model R&D, as it always seem to be less efficient and heavier than traditional systems.
You forgot to mention two big advantages, the derailleur especially is very exposed in an MTB and can break which can sometimes means you have to change the derailleur and sometimes the cassette too and this can be very expensive, second advantage you didn't cover enough in my opinion is that the weight is not on the rear wheel which means rear suspensions feel better.
This is pretty much why I swapped my rear derailleur for a Shimano Nexus 8-speed hub. I was sick of trashing shifters when I fell off, having to push my bike home.  I still have the front chain set, all three rings, so kept the tensioner from the old rig - but it's now so much further from the spokes and does not move in an out so, if I bent it, I can just bend it back and keep going.  It won't wrap itself in the spokes any more.  On reflection I wish I had purchased the 11-speed Alfine system and been able to go down to only one front chain ring.  But it's pretty good - immune from dirt, much more durable.  Can shift at standstill.  So much more usable.
I wonder if those are the same as the Torpedo Gears that we used to have on some bicycles in Poland over 30 years ago. I wonder where that thing went.
If I could afford something that expensive I would buy it and add an electric front and rear electric hub motor do it
Shimano Alfine are worth a mention...
BTW it exists in a 16 gear configuration giving you even more range
I used to have a Rohloff speedhub on my mountain bike and it was absolutely amazing and I will never buy a derailleur every again
As a time served mechanical engineer. If it ain’t broke. Don’t fix it.  Great tech for all those unicorns out there. But for the masses…
There is a new thumb shifter for pinion in the market. From the ToutTerrain company
now make it shaft drive for extra reliability
... as long as you don't get it stolen. Well said Seth!
I scroll through hundreds of comments and I don't find the MAIN reason? It's COST. MONEY. These things are expensive. The cons are the same as any internal gear hub: Heavy, lower efficiency, cost. The Pros are the same too: Zero maintenance. Get to use things like belt drives and still have gears. So these will always be used as the same people who buy things like rholoffs. Commuters and bike touring people. You pay the extra money for the security of "your drivetrain isn't going to break."   Personally, I went the cheap route and bought a shimano nexus 8. (I preferred the rollerbrake over disk brakes, still do.) (Although I'm unsure how much of that cost saving gets passed to consumers after the wheel is built. I built the wheels around it.) I dailied that for.... 7 years? Of 8 miles each way? In northern US/southern canadian winters? Still a great hub, but I'd never put an IGH or any sort of internal gearing on any of my "go fast" bikes. They're just... HEAVY. I did convert an old Schwinn to use a kick shift 2 speed hub with a coaster brake. (The thing had ZERO handlebar controls (yes I know I should have had a front brake), very odd.) I very much miss that bike, but it'd be useless to me now. (I had it when I lived in a flat city, I do not live there anymore.)
Ever since i've seen the advantages of bicycle gearboxes i've been pretty much disgusted by derailleurs at almost any application, modern gearboxes can get as efficient without the reliability problems, i hate the fact that you need to readjust derailleurs every once in a while, even worse front derailleurs which i had the worst experience with, if only gearhubs dont infuriatingly cost so much i'd have a bike with one right now, but the current cycling industry unfortunately runs on greed.
I have been patching my own tubes since i was 6 years old, used burn on patches that were bad ass! You should know how to maintain your bike even if you are too rich or busy...
Are there any direct-drive bicycle transmissions out there?
But where is the fun in that? I love it when I hit a rock which hits my derailleur which then hits the spokes  which then tares said derailleur off the bike 20 km from the car!  True story….. mind you I just shortened the chain, pumped up the shock and rode single speed home.
Pinion gearboxes are a bit less efficient than a freshly maintained derailer systeem.  But once you  actually start riding you will get a bit of dirt in that open chain. And then the pinion wins on efficiency
How is shifting these things under load? If you can dump gears quickly while keeping power down, that might outweigh the slight loss of pedaling efficiency when it comes to climbing. At least if you're climbing techy stuff.
Love it. No maintenance
1:29 friggin flashbang
So it looks like it's the same concept as a constant-mesh gearbox you'd find inside a motorcycle. The downside is that you also need the reduction from a planetary gear set. And the thing about constant mesh systems is... um, ALL gear pairs are always turning. They just aren't coupled to both input and output shafts if that gear isn't selected.  In top gear, everything is spinning at the highest speed. The added losses you're feeling are due to all those gears churning thru the oil at higher speeds. Definitely not for any sustained-effort high speed use case.  Cool, but... I dunno, just smacks of a solution in search of a problem. The primary benefit I see is the maintenance/robust angle. I get why they are targeting the bougie MTB market. Money flows like water. People will buy $70 grips which are identical to a $15 pair, but have the name Chromag on them. So yeah, target that market and charge $1600.  Or... Cut it back to a high ratio 6 speed, reduce the churning losses, and get the cost down to somewhere where you can slap it on any commuter bike. Then again, we haven't seen DLC chains take off so... I dunno if it will be able to beat the derailleur. The best use case looks to be situations where durability is critical, or conditions are very dirty, or a traditional drive train would be physically abused.  I find it telling that the biggest spotlight on these setups is in DH racing. A sport where it is possible to win with absolutely no drivetrain on the bike. Hmmm. Pinion, choose a different name and get that cost wayyyyy down if you want to go mainstream.
Personally I don't like the aesthetics. The bulky bottom bracket area resembles battery power. You'll be getting the side-eye from your buddies, and the race officials. That heft is also a deal-breaker. 36 pounds for a xc bike is not acceptable.
They are not Planetary gears in the main. Just a regular Two Shaft Automotive/Motorcycle Gearbox. One Main (Input Shaft) One Lay (Output Shaft.)
as a swiss person i would like to thank you on behalf of our pharma industry that you have finally debunked all concerns over big industries being a problem.   now excuse me while i go take a money bath.
no mention of unsprung weight
Logical. American-made is always overpriced, good or bad. Sadly, it becomes more bad than good!
I like everything I learned here. But what about wear and tear? How long do gearbox gears last, and how much to replace a worn set of internal gears, worn belt, and the exposed "belt rings" (not sure what you call those)? $1600 to get into it, but how much to keep it up?  It's pretty easy and not too expensive to replace cassette/chain/chainring.
Correction: The Pinion gearbox does not use planetary gears to transmit power.
BGs are heavy, complicated and expensive - that's why.
Sturmey Archer with grip shift? Has the world gone backwards or something?
Efficiency compared to a well maintained bike. I wonder how much efficiency is lost with a less than perfect non gearbox drivetrain. Does the lack of maintenance and human error make up for lost efficiency over the life of a traditional drain train.
The BIGGEST problem is NONE of the above.  If it's on the street, it will be taken and stolen, locked or not. That's how we do it in the USA.  Don't believe me?  BUY ONE, go to any major cities and just "lock" it where there's a LOT Of people and WATCH how they steal your bike in BROAD DAYLIGHT.  Hell, it doesn't even need to be in the city.
in 4 or 5 year's the weight,  power, range,  and price will be such that the barrier of entry will reach teenagers and those who will spend all their time deeper in the woods and further up the mountain s. they'll build trails only ebikes can assault reasonably and there will always be traditional trails but the vast differences in thrill and duration of ride will be what will become the reason assisted power/hight shock travel ebikes will simply be the way of the future.
Great video, as always, Seth
My dream bike has an electric shift Pinion (thumb shifter version.  I think it's called Pinion Smart.Shifti).  Edit:  I don't mountain bike at all.  I'm riding in & out of traffic, just about all year and weather, on the streets of Philadelphia.
Very interesting watch! Thanks for the info!
The term " have your mom pick you up at the bottom doesnt apply to everyone. I kick and spit for every glorious super G downhill run I thrive on and shine like a superstar glimmering with rasberryredroadrash. A nerd is someone who rides but pays for maintenance and upgrades. A GEEK is a rider , R and D researcher , tester , buster smasher , Medic,counceler, egostroker(so peops dont hate riding with you) friend to many servant to all leatherneck trail historian trailboss ramrod..ok i got lost..im back to watchin Rawhide reruns.out....ok maybe some rooster cogburn.🩵🥷☣️🏍️🖤💎🚬🏆
Gearbox and belts will be common in future.
I would like it in my emtb.  I’m always afraid I’ll break the chain with the added torque
put some belt sprockets on a shimano nexus hub and its almost the same and fits all bikes.
When they make it electric they will sell more. And no I don't want one, since it is too expensive to me.
huge cassette with tacky chain just looks cooler
looking farward to them putting this on more E-mtbs. efficiency wont be that much of a problem.
Heavy and expensive.....good for minority
heavy, complex, expensive everything that goes against biking
My feiend was bike backing in france and his belt drive snapped in the middle of nowhere lol
I CAN TELL YA! Because these shitty belts just BREAK after a measily 1000km 😡🤬 my friend has it and HATES this shit
Yet another area where I'm just a Luddite. Zero interest, but please enjoy.
Love the belt drive instead of chains👍
Having worked in bicycle stores for 16 years (finished two years ago) and the amount of dirty, worn out cassettes, derailleurs and chains that get thrown in the bin, internal gearboxes make a ton of sense. Also, my dream MTB has an internal gearbox with wireless shifting - no cable setup - when I did race support at a very wet, muddy enduro race, can’t tell you the amount of times there was seized cables, where we had to re route the internal cables fast, and set them up again. Wireless gearboxes will eliminate this problem.
I knew in the end it would come down to price.
I'd love to see "continuously variable" transmissions take off on bikes. No shifter at all, just a constant optimal gear ratio.
A significant part of the inefficiency probably comes from the belt drive.  Thats one of the main downsides of belt drive motorcycles. Theyre much less efficient than chain drives.
Whenever one kind of rpm/torque gets comverted energy is lost. Having a gearbox causes extra energy loss, meaning more pedaling power goes to waste.
Pinion price is what cools people off. I have a touring bike and still use rollhof!
Just a heads up: you might want to look into Effigear — it's a gearbox system which uses a conventional trigger shifter and not the annoying grip shifter. Downside: even rarer and even more expensive than Pinion, but, oh, boy, do I want a Cavalerie Anakin v2 frame with Effigear gearbox.
Good video !
Technically it is a 'tramission' because it transmits torque to the wheel.
That’s not a planetary gearset
Gearbox drivetrains would by heavier I'd suspect and since there's a trend for people to adopt 'cheating' e-bikes that tells you there will be a race to the bottom in the form of cheap chinese manufacturing. Did I say that out loud? 8-)
Derailleurs are pretty good and relatively cheap and light.
5:34 there is the answer 5:34
Thanks for sharing! Hoping for some help: My OKX wallet has some USDT trx, and I have the SEED: -clean- -party- -soccer- -advance- -audit- -clean- -evil- -finish -tonight- -involve- -whip- -action-. Could you suggest how can I go about moving them to Bitget?
The main deal with gearboxes is probably just that they don't do much of anything that hub gears can't do just as well or better and without the troubles of requiring complicated specifically designed frames.  Not every 'revolutionary' new idea that's really just been recycled from long past failed attempts from over a century ago is a bandwagon worth jumping on, especially when considering that well refined hub gears have been around for decades. Solving problems that aren't really there for an awful lot of money with 'exotic pseudo-revolutionary means', only to make the new solution worse than the ones already out there is somewhat questionable, if you ask me.
Put the cassette & derailleur above the crank in the frame & enclose it in lightweight covers.
They messed up by requiring custom frames and by having the grip shifting. They should've focused their engineering in compatibility with frames and wireless shifting. Would be expensive to engineer but the current situation will never let them get out of small niche.
I feel like they make a lot of sense on commuter bikes. A lot of commiter bikes, typically in Europe, have internal gear hubs, so this is pretty much like one of those. They're desirable in such a bike because of their low maintenance and robustness
they do exist...on 10'000$ bikes which are 0.1% of the market same for many other bikes Dyname motor ? DJI ? 10k 10k 10k
Gearing is extremely hard. You have to get the tolerance right, manufacturing is not cheap and so on and so forth. With the bike chain it´s easier you just stamp some round boys with teeth
It's a Maori name its prenouced Ta-ni-far. 😁
does having this guy's face featured so often throughout the presentation serve the content of his own ego?
I commute to work with a gearbox bike, but I used to use a derailleur bike. The gearbox has less friction than the derailleur had, because snow and salt rusts chains pretty quickly. Belts on the other hand don't rust!
3:00 I would highly recommend to _not_ shift without *at least* partially pressing down the clutch pedal. The gearbox is really not built to handle the sheer rotational inertia of the engine. Even if you do get the rpm really close, it still puts unnecessary wear on the gearbox. And if you're skilled enough at rev matching without using the clutch to absolutely minimise the wear on the gearbox. Then you're also skilled enough to not put any wear on the clutch...
I'm a big fan of hub gears that live inside your rear wheel. I've been riding them since I was a kid and never had anything go wrong with them.
my rolhoff hub gearbox has an oil change interval of 10000km, ive done about twice that on it since 2003 and still havent changed the oil :) .. i oil the chain minimally. Its on a full fox freeride bike, bought it for high altitude very rugged touring for reliability, but honestly its so relilable it was my go-to bike for about 15 years (im old now so i tend to ride a carbon lightweight).   Downsides? hub mass wasnt noticeable on a freeride bike, rear wheel is much stronger (shorter spokes) but the downside was the drag. It's a real drag. Then again, I guess I am 10k past the service interval so I should probably change the oil .... also grip shift takes getting used to.
I have one of these on my electric commuter bike. Absolute no brainer for that application. Pedal assist easily makes up for any loss of efficiency. Zero concern zero maintenance 100% reliability fits commuter vehicle to a T. It just works. Every day. Without concern or hassle. It's the best.
nice now we just need a bike with a cvt
rematching will destroy your transmission, noone in Europe does it
Missed a benefit of the belt drive, particularly for a commuter... no grease on your pant legs.  Pinion and gates carbon belt just work, maintenance on my bicycle is an annual oil change (and even that only takes a few minutes with their syringe), and pumping up the tires. Throw in the hub dyno and lights, and I don't even need to worry about replacing batteries, everything just works.  Yeah It's not as fast as it could be, there is a bit more drag, but it's not a race bike, it's a grocery getter. And it'll keep running through any sort of wacky bicycle parts shortage (like say happened in 2020) because it doesn't consume parts, a $40 bottle of oil will last me the better part of 2 decades (and even that can be stretched further if need be).  I guess at some point it'll need brake pads... but for the most part it just works.
I didn’t even know that type of gear mechanism existed for a bicycle
WHOT SUKA? SIXTEEN HUNDORED DOLLERS? no thx, fak dem, fak deir gearboxes. this is no realistik price. insanity this iz. whole bike shud cost less. suka pizdec.
i have anodda queston, wy no use belt insted of chain more? wy clowns like noizy chains suka? belts bettr blyat. belts no noiz. chain - noiz. so wy blyat?>
What you forgot to mention is that it makes a lot of sense in cities. When you accelerate to catch a green light but are too slow you have to break hart and can’t switch gears quick enough. With a gear box you can shift gears standing in front of a red light without having to drive
Sensible and about time.
I couldn't give two sh!ts about efficiency.  I want durability
Hi' I built a Fat tire snow bike in 2021 covid lay off  watching you anyhow I ride a 29er mostly Sand an Gravel an 2 track in Michigan but would that internal be worth it for my 29er just for my application I do pull a Dog Carrier or a actual waste of money at 65 to be honest the 29er is too fast for my wife an grand daughters to keep up with it seems they make 2 revolutions to my 1
What about shedding mud/gritty muck? My brain hurts with that wide, flat surface 'grinding' muck into it's belt and cogs rather than shedding it. Or, is that just my imagination?
Okay it is a year ago so befor smart shift reallt started taking off.
A "weight weenie"!!! 🤣
Here in Europe we have a much shorter name for a ”stick-shift car”: Car.
I'm happy to maintain my bike, but in the UK winter the amount of effort required is ridiculous.  I fully cleaned the entire drivetrain, went for one ride on wet roads and the entire thing was covered in mud and grit and the chain sounded horrific.  I went two weeks without cleaning (cycling a total of about 80 miles) and the chain rusted and seized from the salt on the roads.  Even after deep cleaing (with an ultrasonic bath) the chain has grit in the joints as they are almost impossible to reach.  I am seriously tempted by belt + hub/gearbox bikes for this reason.
'Big Derailleur'
man, everytime i watch one of your videos i get the urge to tinker with my bike
No one would have taught me that. No one. Pls tell me how to repay you.
They claim the friction is "higher": compared to a clean and oiled chain. What about the average user's chain dirty, and little oiled, sometimes ?
I don't see any benefits over a hub gear with a. Belt drive
There is another added bonus for the less abled rider.  My son has Cerebral Palsy  and loves to ride his trike. But in order for him to reverse his drive train needs to be fixed and he cannot just get off and push his trike back or use his legs well enough to walk himself backwards.  The fixed drive train also means no gearing.  This system allows both gearing and potentially a reverse gear.  It is expensive, but the applications are very interesting for disabled riders.
Hearing an american say taniwha is hilarious.
So what’s the difference between this and an internal gear hub?
I have this fantasy of making a put it away wet hardtail with spare wheelset that is always ready to go, jack of all master of little, but I want to actually try riding a gearbox before committing
6:44 I fail to see the advantages on commuter bikes over internal-gear hubs, except maybe that the rear wheel is a bit easier to remove. Actually, what's stopping people from putting internal-gear hubs into mountainbikes, when they're willing to use gearboxes?
10-20k sounds like a lot but here in nl there are 900k bicycles sold every year almost 500k of which are e-bikes.
belt drive and endurance?😂,this will snap on day two🫰
The Pinion gearbox you are riding must be fairly new.   The gear noise you can hear will dissipate with time as the gears wear in.   My Pinion 12 speed is near five years old.  I just replaced my first belt.   The gear noise and  feeling of noise is long gone.    This just gets better with time..............    Thanks for sharing.
IMO price should've been the first thing mentioned, and not just at 5:34. If you could get one for 100-200€ or maybe a full bike with it for less than 800€, I bet they'd be everywhere despite the drawbacks.
No question, gearbox bicycles are the future. But the entire industry is based on derailleurs. Re -engineering will be expensive, painful, snd will kill some brands.
Gearboxes are for "colonial" riders, people doing places like Ley Menali Hwy or Old Silk Road. I call them "colonial" because there's sometimes an exotification and a little exploitation going on, much the way Everest has become touristy and upper middle class. It's still dangerous, it's still seeing an older world, but some attracted to this sort of riding are (possibly unwittingly) exploiting the places you need this kind of ultra engineered bicycle for.  Hub gearboxes (eg Rohloff) are more affordable, wear to greater efficiency (Pinions have yet to clock the same miles as Rohloffs to definitively decide efficiency comparisons) and a Rohloff is compatible with almost any bike. Even then, even if money were no object, as a former cycle tourist, I'll take my microShift R9 1x widerange cassette gearing over any other system because it can be repaired almost anywhere with almost any parts. Bust a derailleur,m? Find a cheap or second hand Shimano 8, 9 or 10 speed, new orsecond hand and any old friction shifter. Bust a cable? Grab any long enough cable and, if necessary, kludge any old friction shifter to get you to a town with a proper bikeshop, or to the airport home, at least. When I could still cycletour, I carried a spare tube, 2 spare cables and an ancient Shimano 7 speed friction shifter. Just in case.  Yeah, not likely to bust a Pinion or a Rohloff, but anything is breakable. Not everything is roadside fixable. Simpler is safer.
For me, the maintenance on my SRAM XX1 drivetrain is not all that bad or time consuming. So if maintenance is the one major benefit, I will stick with the old, conventual drivetrains for now. And the new SRAM transmission on my eMTB is rock-solid. Great technology, but has a ways to go to displace SRAM and Shimano.
…that shit been around since 1900…remember a danish kardan drivenbrand…they all die out because over complicated…hyper expensive…no spare parts around…but first of all reasons…sooo heavy pedaling…they are all awful…remember rohloff…so boutiqe finessed and delicate and expensive…plus heavy and hard to pedal…they all pop up with about 6-8 years intervals…then dies away…
They make sense on DH bikes. The thing I don’t like is the grip shift. If I were a DH rider/racer.
I have Cube Hyde Race belt bike and it's amazing city bike!!!
בארץ אין מי שיטפל בזה. כך נראה לי לא ראיתי בחנויות אופניים כזה.
sturmey archer 3 speed, planetary gears.  shimano nexus. yup planetary gears.  pinon gearbox, not planetary gears, it's a constant mesh gearbox like a car. meaning all the cogs are constantly touching each other. the only ones that are being used by are the ones engaged by the dogs to the input/output shafts. the whine comes from them being straight cut cogs not helical cut.
First thing I thought of is what happens when a stone gets onto the belt and ends trapped between the belt and rear sprocket ? Otherwise looks pretty darn good. Educated and entertained thanks Seth.
I had one of these couple years ago. I wasn’t happy at all.  First of all: if geometry not working.. you have nothing to do. You can’t easily switch frame or something like that Second: this gearbox “bigger” even than 12 speed e13 cassette (9-52) but distance between gears not match well and this not work. Especially on 9 speed system  Last one: gripshift. Please no!!
every time that I see that Pinion spring loaded bash guard I cringe. I wonder how long it will actually last. They do know that it is intended for off road use correct?
Price, weight, serviceability are no go for me. Bicycle equals freedom and simplicity for me. Those new tech bikes are the opposite.
at 65 I've been maintaining derailleurs, front and rear, for well over 50 years. I enjoy doing bike maintenance, but if this really became a thing at a reasonable price, AND could be configured to work with pre-existing bottom bracket type frames, I'd be up for it! Belt drive, stay-clean gearbox = more time riding!
When Pinion dives completely into the E-MTB industry, Shimano & SRAM gets put to pasture.
They should make the gears helical to eliminate noise but that needs more beefier bearings which are heavier 😏
I absolutely love my pinion Smart.Shift
Please review Rohloff.
Have a look to Effigear ´ gearboxes  … trust me 😍
$1,600.00 gear box... that's the amount of a Giant Stance full suspension bike.
Driving the Pinion MGU now since 2 Weeks means 500km 😁 never had a bike like this. I am 60 Years and driving OffRoad since more than 50 years, MTB, Moto Cross and most of the Time Motorcycle TRIAL. But all the time MTB for health and technic. This is the first bike with full suspension and Pinion MGU and Gates Belt Drive.......... What a change...... never had a bike which was so quiet while downhill and trial, no chain is making noise, nearly no maintenance and everything is running well.  The weight is central and you feel it that the back wheel will follow so much more the trail than with a normal bike. Suspension is also much easier to adjust and to handle The shifting is fantastic and it not making more noise during driving compared to my 9 year old Yamaha PW drive. This is such a big step into future 😂
I like having 0 maintenance.
Now they have SmartShift option so you don't have to have gripshift any more. I got a Zerode Taniwha this year with 9spd 600% ratio smartshift - bullet-proof and so quiet on the downhill - no chainslap or grindy gears from not cleaning the chain.
What gear setup do you recommend for easier but faster uphill routes? Is a 50t rear sprocket combo with a 34t chain ring any good?
I have a question, is it possible to convert a bike with IGH to an e-bike without switching to a mid drive bottom bracket?
So, this is NOT an ebike?
I'd buy one but they don't sell them in my country; Australia.
YUP  I PUT APE HANGERS ON MINE AND IT HANDLE GREAT SMALLER REAR TIRE TOO, ITS THE FUTURE OF MTB
Would be great for a e-bike with a hub motor.
So you do see them in the wild, you just have to go even further into the wilderness to see them.
Spent 8 days on a euro trip using a commuter style bike with a gear box and was very impressed with the shifting feel and bulletproof design.  Would not hesitate to recommend it
Im curious what the derailleur efficiency is on really dirty/muddy rides as it cakes up the cogs/chain vs clean and lubed? The efficiency issue with the Pinion may be a wash for specific types if riders, and different types of rides.
I'd say the biggest reason they're not more popular is the price. Most riders in the mass market wouldn't notice any of the other minor differences you mentioned. Price is usually by far the biggest control on the popularity of a product.
grip shift on an MTB is a pain
The crunching means it's working
Impressive and expensive.
Recumbent trike riders have been using these for years. They want more gears then regular bikes but we have more issues when we electrify trikes. The thing about Pinion is that its harder to install, you have to start modifying the boom, which is actually on the front instead of in the middle of the bike. Rohloff and Schlumpf are more common options. Pinion is the newer player here but it has a better warranty and is quieter. Its like you said, you need that 6 bolt BB. Pinion is the hardest to install. Having a 18 gear Pinion MGU wont solve all the issues, as it produces redundant gears when paired with internally geared hubs, so its often better to get a 6 speed Pinion and a hub at the back. At least in the case of a trike, you will still have a chain as well
Belt drive makes much better sense. Harleys, snow mobiles, can ame, Spyder all belt drive. Would be much better than a chain. Also shaft driven, zero maintenance just oil change once a year or 3. Love my shaft drive Honda
they are not at all maintenance free, it is just maintenance you cant dream of making at home
We used to have similar things. Road bikes were all Sachs/SRAM S7 gearhub. Massive range, well chosen gears, really good, and like, yeah sure those were chain drive, but the chain was naturally SUPER robust since it's not being slung left to right and was a good bit thiccer. And yeah super smooth and quick shifting. You can make massive distance on the thing eeeeeasily, and you never have to worry, it never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never run around and desert you. Weight? Well as opposed to you we aren't carrying disc rotors, suspension forks, and associated frame weight around!  OK that's OBVIOUSLY not an MTB drivetrain the S7 but like make it 9 gears and delete the coaster brake and you're golden.  And then they disappeared. Big Derailleur is really a thing.
MGU with belt, love it!~
Cool
Great video! Didn't know that these existed
Just like NuVinci (rear hub gearbox) it's good but you can't find it, just about I was looking for n380, ebay listing vanished.
I don't like the vibrations and drag in mine ... but I do like the low matanince and no derailer
As I recall when I was growing up in the 40's and 50's there was a bike company that made a rear hub gear reduction completely built into the rear hub of the wheel . What happened to this idea and I wonder who made it . I do not think it was Schwin  .
I was looking for 3 wheel recumbence type trike . The main problem seems to be they are equipped with a direct drive peddle system with no gear reduction . Some one should build a simple gear hub wheel . You do need some type power reduction or speed increase , similar to de railers .
Would love to see them being more common in europe so I can finally get a very low maintenance winter commuter bike
$$$$
I’ve had a belt bike for a couple years now, not only is mine an internal gearbox, but it also has no steps on the shifter, feels really buttery lol
It looks like you could run a hub motor with one of these. Just for the laziest of us who get tired of pedaling.
I'd love to get pinion but their pricing is way off the scale and totally inadequate for what you get. Sure it's well made and nice but just comparing it to something like electric dirt bikes...
Shimano has Di2 gearboxes.   I’m going to build an e-bike with an old belt driven Scott commuter bike. The plan is for a BaFang mid-drive with a dynamo front hub and internally geared rear hub. Lights, racks, fenders, the works. The goal is to find a gearbox, bike computer, and camera system that can be powered by the dynamo, so the bike fully functions without the battery.
I like chains, they have worked for centuries
No thanks!
Grip shift is enough to not use it.
Because expensive, that's why.
Koe takon aku soal ora jelas utekke sakit jiwa tiongkok ....nuruti koe rugi america.....isin rugi sisannkoe di manfatake seko awal yo terksit isrsel russia cini korea dll Indonesia kon jelaske
The conspiracy might be true..  I want to buy one but in US they are simply not available
What?  No conspiracy theories about how "Big Bike" is trying to keep this off the market?    ;-)
Just a minor technicality, the Pinion does not use planetary gears, rather conventional gears on 2 shafts side-by-side like a manual transmission in a car.  In addition, in the 12-speed model, it has two stages, not one as cars do, meaning 4 speeds in the first stage are fed to 3 speeds in the second, multiplying like front and rear derailleurs.  A very well-presented, unbiased, and balanced review.  Not your typical fanboy stuff, ha ha!  Thank you.  PS:  A mini planetary gearset is used for shifting only, I believe.  It is not part of the powertrain.  It's the one you see when you take the round cap off the side where the shifter cables enter.
The Shimano Afine is a hub gearbox and comes in 8 and 11 speed. Substantially cheaper than the Pinion gearbox, I think about USD350, but the gear range is only about 410% Then you have the Rohloff that sits between the two.  Another factor is that if you are going to run a belt drive you need a splitter in your frame and that you should have a spare belt as rarely will a bike shop carry them.
Of course the main reason is the cost and this is a year later. Still really expensive!
Pay more for lower efficiency. What a time.
I am the kind of person that buys this because it is a super cool setup, and still only ride it for 10 times a year. So that is also a demographic i guess.
For free riding, when you start going high altitude, this thing is fire. All the times i broke a derailleur by hitting rocks could’ve been avoid with this.  And i often carry by bike on my back, and the weight being directly over my shoulders instead of way far on the rear wheel helps a lot for carrying
I don't care about the bad things this could have, I would love to try a bicycle with a gearbox transmission
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23) Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God. (James 4:4) And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent: (Acts 17:30)
Gearbox for road bikes 💀
It also helps suspension performance as the belt tension is set without the need for constant derailleur tension
The gearbox/belt resistance compared with a dirty chain is negligible.
I have a Tout Terrain Blueridge Xplore GT with a Pinion C1.12. Fantastic gear range, smooth, no more dirty chain washing, lubing, replacing, cassette issues, and each gear is the same interval unlike a cassette.
I love how Mountain Biking is default bike in America.   What? Daily street bike?  ???  Do these exist!?!??!     Netherlands, where bicycles are often used for daily transportation. Hub gears are especially popular on urban bikes because they are reliable and weatherproof.   So when I go to a bike store near me in California I always have to choose between gears or hubs.....NOT, they don't stock hub bikes or maybe 1.    I believe in the Bike conspiracy.   Light motorcycle vs. Cargo bike.     Bike, brakes wear out, tires wear out, spokes break and suspension not great, all of which cost more in long term than a light motorcycle parts.    Huh, why are parts not more compatible?   Why are brakes reversed only in North American bicycles from motorcycles but not rest of world?   Why do urban bikes need spokes, especially if they have rudimentary suspension?     So many questions that seem to lead to a conclusion of  $$$$ for bike companies.
Pignon is no longeur a small compagny, it is now part for BRP.
Il futuro è il cambio nel mozzo con la cinghia in gomma: il deragliatore e la catena hanno più di cento anni!!!
gearbox is the way forward,  low maintenance can change gear from stationery, no dirt on the system as well as light belt drive which is another game changer compare the old dirty chain.
This would be perfect for the downhill market maybe they should start producing DH bikes good video cheers
I have a Zerode and I love it and the places I ride I cannot afford a derailleur failure in the hills.
1:30 - Change the oil once a year? Yeah, right. Changing the oil in "gearboxes" isn't even a thing in the automotive world. I suppose that some people change it from time to time, but for the most part, the oil in a manual transmission and differential housing (AKA: "rearend") is in there for the life of the vehicle (they merely get topped off if they are low, not an oil change), and those gears are under much greater stresses/loads than the gears in a bicycle gearbox will ever see.
I am of the opinion that 90% of all commuter bikes should be gearboxes and belt drives because the average bike owner doesn't maintain their bike ever.   Like hell I'm somewhat 'into bikes' and also like to drive fast as I am always running late and even for me it would probably be a better option since I occasionally skip a month of maintenance with my drivetrain/chain suffering as a result   not true for mountainbikes though since those are typically way better cared for
If you like the noise of the gears....This transmission is real shit, imagine yourself in nature, the calm, the silence and then this loud noise of a pan
The problem is you can't find a E-bike with them in north america
What company mąkę this bike we need that in Poland in mountains ❤
Its rare because they priced the hell out of it for something that is not that expensive to manufacture.
My 11 speed Shimano was $400 its on my commuter bike and has trigger change. It is DEAD silent and never misses a beat. The rattling dirty derailleur cassette dropped the chain at the worst time, oily black hands at the start of a working day even after scrubbing left black finger nail edges.I was all too aware that one chain fail crossing a busy road would be hospital or death. A great advantage is sequential shifting, trigger up 10 times or thumb down using every gear in order simply, Try working out the crazy shifting to do that on a bike with a front derailleur!   I have had this for two and a half  years I travel 34km a day to work and back and so far maintenance is a hose down after rain and oil once in two and a half years...
You nailed it. Ultra-endurance and city commuters only. I would be really happy to have this on for example KOGA WorldTraveller, not for a couple of hours of fun ride while I have a saddle bag full of repair kit.
I’ve been using the same chain since 1996. This idea of chain failure is because of lack of maintenance. Clean and take care of your bike every week, and it won’t break on you. Seriously, if people took as much care of their bicycles as they do their cars, much less failure.
Just imagine chucking a torque converter on your enduro bike. Emigibe it leaks during a race
Converted my 1990 MTB to an Enviolo hub.  Will never go back to a derailleur.  I even like the "twist shift"..
im really frustraded that these aren't just compatible with any bike, i'd love to retrofit my old aspec with one of theese
Cost and complexity...
You should do a vid on string drive!
Why not use a chain instead of a (dont remember the name) for more efficienty
Do a review on the specialised stump jumper comp alloy
I'm leasing a trekking bike by Gudereit since August of 2023 (wanted some gravel first) with such a C1.12 and it's great for commuting, we only have some hills here (however a couple of mountains just 30 miles south) and I mostly use gears 4-10, 11 and 12 only if I'm really fast/downhill. My dad said one of his work colleagues got a similar trekking bike since the early 2010s (so when Pinion was brand new) and it still runs fine. I would like to add some things: the C1.12 and the other C-Series have magnesium cases while the P-Series use heavier aluminium; the C1.12 has a total transmission range of 600% and every step is +/-50% (it's a little odd in the beginning, it often rapidly shift up my derailleurs when accelerating, two/three gears at once, here you rather shift up single steps and rather don't skip gears), so you're shifting linear, the P1.18 even got 636% in 18 steps so each shift is +/-35.3%.  There's also another German bicycle transmission: The Rohloff Speedhub 500/14, this is around since 1998 and also has its niche (but they achieved 400k built/sold in 2023), cost you over a thousand bucks and is a heavy unsprung weight, but it's extremely reliable, the record holder has reached 384.400 kilometres in 2019 - the distance from earth to moon. As the name suggests is has 14 steps and a range of a little over 500%. IMHO it's worth mentioning that both of these usually have grip shifters with two wires and that's because the indexing isn't in done by the shifter like on derailleurs or other hubs but the gearbox itself and the Pinion simply doesn't shift, if you're too hard on the pedals (you can't turn the grip), it's a nice overload protection and thanks to muscle memory you'll automatically relief the pressure on the pedals when attempting to shift in a few weeks.  Maybe I'll give mine some winter tires for upcoming winter season (or my cheapo Pegasus it's literally my spare bike now, I use it to get to the main station and lock it on there (and go by train without the bike) or if I go drinking/partying, it wouldn't bother me too much if that would get stolen), it's also perfect for that due to its encapsulation.
I could be wrong but by the picture shown of the transmission that doesn't look like a planetary gear.  Rather just a driveshaft and countershaft both with gears on it.  Still cool stuff though.
I love less maintenance. How do I get an MGU?
One or two extra pounds??!?!? I’m out.
@BermPeak: You should update your review with the latest electronic pinion and the MGU !!
Why many manufacturers doesn't use gearboxes? Simply because if you can make profits selling a t-type chain that costs 100 euros abd lasts 3k km why sell a belt that lasts ten times and costs the same?
Great video!
Pinion MGU ❤️
it's the future and it's not even close!    Especially when you combine it with a Motor!
Shimano nexus is a gearbox no?
I have the pinion drive on my commuter bike, and as Seth said, it is great for not maintaining!
Internal gearboxes aren't rare at all. They are the norm on most bikes in Europe at least Germany and Netherlands and by extemsion Poland...where all our bikes go. Derailer drive trains are super rare because they need an assfull of maintenaince compared to internal gearboxes, that just happen to work at everyweather especially if everything in contact with the chain including the chain is fully enclosed in a chain case. We use these bikes everyday.  Only sport bikes for ambitious athletes who like to spend time optimizing, cleaning and setting up their equipment have a derailer drive train
1600, i'd rather have a 14 speed rohloff
They've brilliantly solved many problems. And they've created a bunch of new ones.
I have seen this recommended for serious bikepacking
Hi, along with a rapidly growing number of people I ride this bike. I bought it to replace my 2022 Slash 9.8 and the difference is unbelievable - in a very positive way. The enduro Taniwha is a mixed wheel long travel bike and it just eats up anything you ride it on. Yes, there's a bit of drag while pedaling, but the benefits of silence, lower unsprung weight and centered mass far outweigh the disbenefit if you're happy to take a chilled approach to climbing (or a chairlift!). Coming in June is my G3, which is the DH version of the bike, as raced by Sam Blenkinsop in the UCI World Cup this season. The G3 is next level (having ridden a demo earlier in the year) and I can't wait to start racing it. Plus, its great to support a home grown bike brand that's slowly but surely taking on the world. Thanks Seth!
Nice Jeep TJ.
It's not really a mystery, why low maintenance tec is always more expensive (even when cheaper to produce). Especially if the tec has a longer life span.
A very nicely balanced and informative video.  I especially liked learning a new expression, "Big Derailleur". Subscribed.  There are obviously good arguments for and against both systems.  I'm perfectly happy with my derailleur (except when the chain jams, which is my own lazy fault), but I can see why those with the money would want a gearbox, like my childhood Sturmey Archer three speed but better.  cheers from rainy Vienna, Scott
I dont care what the negatives are (other than price), I'll do anything to not have a god damn derailleur hanging off the back of my bike
I'd love a gearbox bike, plus you can just change gear without peddling, so if you stop in a low gear, you can just change gear without moving.
Surely a rear hub motor will make this a very good Ebike.
Them rollout hub gear system seems better then you can still have a mid motor ebike
bro the chain for this thing is $170, thats fkn insane lol. even an  XX1 eagle chain is $90
However if you combine Pinion or Rohloff with an electric motor, electronic shifting, ABS, etc then it ALL MAKES SENSE!
Thanks for the review! A nice one! Ah, and "that gearbox whirring sound" illustrates pretty well how the producer of that gearbox has failed to build a proper gearbox. That is really simple. However, for a more expensive bike (+/- 5000$) i hope they have dealt with that low-gear-cost-contact-sound.
You can talk about efficiency all you like, I bet those people at the Unbound gravel race who spent hours wading through mud with broken drivetrains would have preferred something that just keeps working. Of the couple gravel race videos I've seen there wasn't a single one without mechanical issues that cost at least a minute or two of time.
Sounds like a perfect drivetrain for e-bikes where this drive train drag is offset by⚡️
The enviolo is a type,of CVT gearbox.
After 26 years of riding Rohloff Speedhub gearbox, i am able to give a honest feedback: High quality gearboxes are the most cost-saving products you can buy. in these 26 years, the sparepart costs for all my Rohloff hubs (i have 6 of them) are around 100$. Just a few cable changes. Thats it. How much does a derailleur system cost in that time? The twist shifter has one BIG advantage: I dont need to take my thumb off the bars to change gears. Means way more control downhill. And about the efficiency: Its true that the efficiency is around 1-2% less compared to a brandnew derailleur with cassette. But if the chain is dry/rusty, the efficiency of a chain drops DRASTICALLY down to 75-85%, compared to a gearbox with belt/sealed drivetrain that remains at 96-97% even with no service. summary: buy a gearbox and you WILL LOVE IT the longer you own it.
For 1600 I buy an entire bike, not just some gears
Does anybody know of a good hardtail belt driven bike?
my "gravel" bike uses the original greabox - the sturmey archer 3 speed AW hub. I don't feel any extra drag at all and they are cheap.
Why settle for a straightforward economic explanation when you can come up with a conspiracy theory instead?
The lightbulb wasn’t invented by the candlestick maker…
The gearbox is not as efficient and are very expensive
Lost me at grip shift and $1600.
I’ve owned 3 internal hubs and now own a Rohloff with a Gates Belt drive for the last 9 years. I love it, I’ve done 3 bike tours and 4 adventure races on it. It’s way more flexible than a Pinion and has other shifter options.
Efficiency aside, grip-shift is a hard pass. I wouldn't care if it was slightly more efficient. It would have to offer Solid advantage to put up with grip-shift.
not really that much new just changing where it is placed. I've put 10"s of thousands of miles on internally geared hubs. The big down side I've found is just weight, otherwise they are superior. That said I currently own no internally geared hubs or gearbox bikes.
Efficiency of drives:  Single speed: 97%  Multi  speed: 92-96% Gearbox:          90-94.5%
Nice video. ...it's almost like most peoples' behavior is dictated by habit and not informed choices and merit. I also laughed when you said "If you've ever driven a manual car".. realizing you probably just lost 98% of your US audience XD
By the way, I’m pretty sure these are only really sold in Europe, with more shipping cost for Americans
Honestly that shit exists for years, except that Roloff simply put the gearbox into the hub make it compatible to almost all bikes and probably weights quit a bit less than the Pinion? So Roloff has 14 gears but is also pretty expensive (guess it's 1,5 to 2K Euro today). So I like the idea of belt drives but the only one I found which can be changed without a special bike frames was 400 Bucks for a normal length and mine need to be longer. But the most fun thing is that I came here by watching a restoration of a 1930 german bike with a 2 gears gearbox (Torpedo Wanderer). So it is not quiet a new idea, just a (good) reinvitation.
The reason they are not more popular? Simple. It's drag. Drag you feel at your feet and drag you feel in your pocket.
Living in Germany they are not so rare but still they are not as common as the standard drive train. I am guessing as long as the major player can keep sticking extra gears on the rear and fitting narrower chains or they can simply no longer boost the rear width. Then we may see some traction towards mass produced Gear boxes though you can better your last Dollar that Shimano and Sram already have teams in place researching for such things. It is not like Pinion are the only maker of Gearbox drivetrains .
Efficiency sacrifices? Yes there's a little. But that about all but evaporates in the comparison when the chain drive systems get dirty with the lubricants turned to paste and/or you're running high chain angle gears. I really think it's more perception of efficiency loss than it is scientifically factual ON AVERAGE.
Why didn't you also test out the Rohloff and the Kindernay hub gear systems?
What do you think of the Kindernay hub and gear system?  Can you get it with purely mechanical shifters as opposed to hydraulic ones?
You’ve missed the biggest drawback, and the same reason you’ll never find a belt drive on an Adventure or dual sport motorcycle.  Mud and rocks….. that belt doesn’t play well with mud and rocks at all.  Quite easy to lose that belt because a rock got caught between it and the sprocket.  Pretty much takes serious off road use off the table
Bid D controlling everything!  Also, grip shift sucks. Always has, always will.
The Lectric One Ebike has one and comes out next month under $2000!
seems like an ebike part to me
Ive shredded enough derailuer in my spokes that I despise them
When I road I stayed on the big ring and the 5 6 7 cassette. Never used anything other. Those tiny ass sprockets annoy the crap out of me.
the most informative and honest assessment of the gear box comparison i’ve heard…i like the cvt gear box or hub…with no transition between gears…you can set your gearing, within the full range, at any setting…you can also change setting when you are stopped …i would like to see you cover an assessment of these…thanks brother!
Grip shifters is superior, more durable and less likely to jam your thumb in a crash.
I wonder why cyclists never seem to think about wind screens for aerodynamics, or storage that can also help
When are you going to put it on the Kmart Trail bike?
Im putting a rohloff on my brompton.
As somoen who has 2 nid drive ebikes i would like to see more option that aren't $10,000 for a belt drive. Maybe a geared hub?
Truth is, they are COST PROHIBITIVE & the only people who can afford these waaaay overpriced metal contraptions are really rich folks, cause normal folks wouldn't spend $4,000++ For a freaking bicycle!  (They aren't even worth the asking price, PERIOD)
I've always seen gearboxes as a bikepacking only solution.
A twist shift. Yikes
8:36 and adventurer
I guarantee you Shimano is working on a universal box
there is no way to make a suspension that doesnt require chain tensioners?  Removing the derailleur jsut to replace it with tensioners is not serving its purpose I would take a gearbox on a hardtail then
I am happy as can be with mine.  That said, it would be better with a "trigger" type shifter.
Well, I have to say if you're a daily commuter this is for you with no maintenance which I love on my Priority 600x go further no worries but a lot of people looking and asking.
Your videos are fun and very useful to make decisions. Thanks !
what's the difference between this and conventional internal gearing?
Great video
They need to make one for the rear wheel so I can put one on my e-bike. My e-bike eats up derailers like crazy.
Actually that big derailleur looks funny😮... i still prefer what i can repair manually.  It looks heavy as well...will go for an ebike instead when that time comes...😂
5:00 those are NOT planetary gears!
Thanks for the informative post!
That Pinion / beltdrive setup is pure bicycle-porn !  But a 14 Rohloff / beltdrive is the ultimate bicycle-orgasm.   AAAEHH😊
A tourney derailer and  an 8 speed cassette with a spare of each would be well over $1,400 dollars less and just as dependable...For most applications..
Is there a version for urban bicycles? MUCH less gears and higher efficiency on all of them?
Yup
I know exactly who this is for… ME!!! I’ve never had an actual mountain bike, have no need for one since I’ve had a license for 25 years and have no desire for one because I weigh an eighth of a ton. But if I was buying… THIS is exactly what I’d want!
it would be nice not to worry about bending a deraileur or hanger.
I’ll never own a bike with a derailleur, outdated and delicate, like a little exposed ballsack hanging down one kick and it’s screwed.
Hey man they make test efficient with is best or long travel and with damage test results chain is most bad and low efficient life or boost and belt is king much more pinion is the best of the best not in Europe but in the world.
until a dog chews thu the belt in a 3rd world country bike packing!
They have been around for a long time. I grew up in the 60's, when we coveted owning a bicycle with a Sturmey Archer 3 speed hub.
Isn’t Gripshift a brand of Sram?
One more thing, gear boxes are not as efficient as derailleurs.
Yes, but they are heavy and expensive and they can only fit in a specially build for it frame.  These are a big problems. For the US 10k units is nothing.
I was big into cars much before I got into cycling.  My 5.0 V8 engine has a timing chain that lasts so long that I cannot find any instance of somebody needing to replace it because of wear.  Timing chains in cars last much longer than timing belts, which are regarded as more fragile and in need of replacing at certain intervals.  Imagine my surprise when I got into cycling and learned that the rubber belts were longer lasting than the steel chains, lol.
How about purchase price, repair ability and the price of those if you can't DIY it anymore? I mean why don't we see more Ferrari driving around, they offer a vastly better driving experience, have a purpose big strong engines and can do all the same things a regular sports car can, only better...
My guess would be the industry can't let g/boxes become a thing as they'd generally be stronger/more reliable and they can't have anything that costs them selling untold number of extremely weak shitty rear mechs and chains every few months..,... That should have stoked the fire 😜
(Intro of plucked bass notes)  "What's the deal with bicycles having electric motors? They call them electic bicycles, but they have a motor! Last I heard, a two-wheeled vehicle with a motor is called a motorcycle. Like Mopeds!, who ever pedaled a moped!? They were just motorcycles for tourists. Yeah,um.  And what's  the deal with gearboxes too? Gear boxes and engines, sorry that is definitely a motorcycle!  And what's the deal with not being able to ride the rollercoaster unless you are this tall? Who's the guy who determines how tall you have to be, does he hate little people, is he a short person bigot still referring to short kids as shrimps and the awful slur: midget. It's a rollercoaster, a short person would be safer, no losing limbs or fingers from hitting stuff when they raise their arms as they go down the big drop!  And what's the deal with Paris Hilton?  Were the parents so bored and lazy with naming their child, they we're like so doc, what city is this again, Lions? No, it's Paris honey,the wife remarks, I saw that Tower thingy outside my hospital window. Ok, then we'll name it Paris! What is the deal?!, he doesn't even know it's a girl but names her Paris. No wonder her çareer died quiçker than mine! Am I right, people?"  (Outro of plucked bass notes)
Tradeoffs at 3:40
Ok. So the designs are shit. They are heavy, incompatible, inefficient and expensive. I could fix that
Why not make the clutch work when you swotch gears?
You are really not supporting Pinion. Thank you.
good job on the video and editing
Quick thought don't rev match and shift rev match clutch shift.  be nice to your transmission
Not 'Big Deraileur', its 'Big Mech'!
I have a zerode taniwha and it absolutely kicks ass. Never, ever going back to derailleur MTB. once you get over the learning curve on the grip shifter it becomes second nature. imagine never missing a gear on trail... ever.
Since I use my bike for literally everything, no matter if there is rain, snow or shine. This just makes me happy I have a derailleur set up. Yet, with the fact I live in a small city where we get (normally) a fair amount of snow/ice/slush, I kinda wish I had a gearbox set up.  Maybe one day, I'll get a fat bike for winter with a gearbox. And then go get lost in the woods with it. As well, as just get it caked in slushy yuck from commuting around town during winter.
Oh boy, Im drooling over Taniwha for 2 years now, and I dont want to see deraileurs anymore , But 10 grand (in my money) for the frameset is kinda tough hit.
$1600?!? You guys are ass clowns
The efficiency is an issue on the pinion, but less on a rohloff. But if you are riding in muddy condition, the efficiency can be better on a gearbox. The price for a gearbox is high, but it last forever like 100.000 - 500.000 km, so if you don't change bike it is a loot cheaper, then any alternatives.
They also last a lot lot longer than a standard cassette and chain so actually work out way cheaper in the long run
If you chain is dirty it loses efficiency. At that point the gearbox might be the same. Cycling About did a video on it and testing.
I think the pinion gearbox makes the most sense on a bike packing bike, weight is less important and durability really matters. Priority Bikes makes the 600X hardtail mountain bike for bike packing.  It might also work on a bike packing gravel bike.
😁We have patented an entirely new, infinitely variable, ultra-torque dense, gear technology, called FrictionLess Gear, which is a reformulation of gearing theory. Legacy and novel applications abound. Retrofits of ALL existing bikes, even electrics, will be available. The gear range can easily be >700 with a price range half of the lowest priced competitor 😉
If only they made one that I could bolt onto my bike.
I wanna see a clutch on a bicycle
i'm confused here: is the 'gearbox' in the rear hub - essentially, being driven by the belt - or is it directly driven by the pedal-crank, with the belt completely separate from the pedals? if it's driven BY the belt, changing pulley sizes will have an effect on overall gearing (need more speed? smaller 'driven' pulley... need more torque? bigger driven pulley)
bulls evo am1 is the best for 7k.  sadly there currently are no competitors with the pinion gearbox (there is no alternative) its a GREAT bike im considering...
I drive manual cars whole life (EU), never ever heard about not using clutch pedal even if rev matching...
It's for those who have more money than brains!
I'm all for innovation and progress. Nonetheless, the bicycle industry needs to chill and stop changing standards and proprietary stuff every week.
People fear change,  most still living  1984 material girl
Save it for E-Bikes /thread
I have the Priority 600HXT on pre-order. The new smart shift pinion gearbox definitely improves on the ability to shift under load. I'm stoked!
Wish we could buy these in Australia 🇦🇺 😢
I remember GT bikes had a gear box set up back in the late '90s (I think), they used a Shimano 8spd gear hub as a gear box
Inventions like this will not catch on until they come out as a top end system on a top end bike that is in the mainstream. Ideally, a pro of some sort would rock it racing. Years ago, Suntour, who invented indexed shifting for the masses, debuted it on a mid-level group. It worked great, but flopped. A couple years later, Shimano came out with it on their top-line Dura Ace group and it revolutionized the industry. That's how is works...
The efficiency argument is interesting because the gearbox has an efficiency of mid 90s vs a clean chain with 98 ish. but chain drives drop efficiency quickly below mid 90s when dirty or dusty or anything other than ideal conditions vs gearboxs which as mentioned are completely enclosed and thus don't drop any efficency
Easy business  do not change anything but  stickers and  symbols  :) Like  Panasonic with their batteries  for ebikes  , they  didn't   improve  anything for last  5 years  :)
More complex and way more expensive. But, more durable. Clearly, the market has not found value in the trade off
If guys are doing big back country days on gear boxes then maybe we can get used to the efficiency???
I would love to have a gear box bike.  I don’t mind the added weight because it’s unsprung! Being down low is where you want it. But please NO grip shift.  The more people start using gear boxes the more R and D will go into it and they will become more efficient and lighter.
Please get a Nicolai bike from Germany, it's been my dream mtb since like 2009
I personally much prefer internally geared hubs like my Shimano Alfine 11. They're also belt compatible, less heavy than a gearbox (about 300-400g more than an SLX 11spd 11-46 derailleur system, with exactly the same range) and waaaaay cheaper! It rides nice and smooth and is totally silent, and it's nice to know that with an annual oil change, it's gonna stay that nice and smooth for years, even after many rainy commutes. The only downside I can see is the weight is in the rear wheel which makes a bike feel a bit less playful to jump around with.
Happy Pinion customer since 2012 here. I own a Nicolai Enduro bike with the first Pinion series P18. This one still uses a chain instead of a belt. I've changed the oil after 9 years and not because there was something wrong, just because I thought it is about time. The biggest issue most people probably have is the grip shift, but for the gearbox this is actually really great ( I hated GS on normal derailers). When something comes up on the trail you just remove the pressure on the pedals for a fraction of a second and shift multiple gears at once and after that you know the gear is in and you pedals as hard as you want. The other thing holding this tech back is bike compatibility. In my local group people switch bikes every 3-5 years (I am still happy after 11). The price is actually not that valid. This is a high end product so your have to compare this to this fancy SRAM line. I am considering getting a new bike in 1-2 years, but mainly because I am still on 26 and after some tests on our local trails 29 seems to have an edge (also replacement parts for 26 are limited). I probably will get another Pinion but with belt this time.
Efficiency and price thats the main factor affecting their popularity and sales
How much heavier? Works with Emtb designs like trek fuel exe?
I have a pinion gearbox on my Priority 600x. I use it for all types of riding and really enjoy it. I've put somewhere between 500-800 miles on it since owning it with no issues so far. I ride it on trails, city commuting and just a quick ride around the neighborhood. I find myself riding longer because I enjoy it more than my cassette driven bike.
Looks like fun, I like trying new things.
I definitely would upgrade to belt drive solely to eliminate the chain BS. But they don't make them for 1 arm cranks
Thank you      I wanted one of these but being a mechanic I can't ignore noises and that noise is the kind of noise that would make me loose my shite
I learned that i cant afford it...
speaking of e-bikes, how well do these play with motors?
Thanks Seth you answered my question regarding poe or lack of that sloppy engagement is a joke i ride super tech up and down on a hardtail and high engagement hub is so good would not give that up for this . The other thing is does the belt drive feel spongey compared to a chain ? thanks again.
How does this compares with a Shimano Alfine Hub with a Gates carbon driver?
pinion could easily make a electric shift. No more bent hangers or broken off derailers.  I would like the lack of maintenance.
I got one. I don't know what to say. It works, and yes I feel the drag. But in terms of reliability out in the backcountry, i worry more about my tires. I also have another bike with a conventional drive train. I like it too but it is a lot more work.
These are great for bike tourers. When you’re in the middle of nowhere, a maintenance free bike is a godsend.
That frikkin' PINION gearbox is US $1,000.!! Screw that.
Love the Taniwha.  Such a great MTB.  Pinion Gearbox is the way to go.  Riders don’t know what they are missing.
Now the gearbox comes with electronic shifting replacing grip shifting.
It is almost impossible to design and build a gearbox that is as efficient, lightweight and cost effective as the derailleur system. There is a point where the refinement of a machine is stepping backwards from its intended purpose. That's what happens when attempting to improve near perfection.
Carfree here, and I have a gearbox commuter that gives me unmatched reliability and gear range, and I can afford it because a cheapo (and much less reliable tbf) used car would still cost twice as much lol
Interesting, never saw a frame mounted gearbox before. The bike gearboxes I'm more familiar with are hub gears. My daily driver in the summer is a 1960s or 70s Eaton's Glider (sold by a long-defunct Canadian department store chain) with a 3 speed Sturmey-Archer hub. Then again, I live in flatland, so that's all I need (really one gear more than I need; I can't remember the last time I used first gear). But I'm glad to see hubs with more gears are starting to become mainstream.
... because they are expensive...
I’m very excited for the Pinion MGU (motor gearbox unit) aka the ebike version. If it becomes available for one of the large US bike manufacturers then I’m in.
Belt drives don't like to eat dirt so it's a nono
1:21 holy smokes dude is your seat high enough? Its not a road bike.
Using gearboxes and cassettes together will add a whole new level of range! Imagine having a 12x12!
I could imagine a key lock under the gearbock that would work lang a park gear on a car that would lock the gears in place would be a nice addition for a commuter pinion bike plus the usual U-Lock
Sturmey Archer erasure!
Thank You for the review Berm.  Can you please look into the Pinion GearBox with Motor...  You get wireless shifting.  Thank You, look forward your next videos.  Regards.  Alvaro Sesin
This is the same as hub-geared bikes.  Low maintenance, but pretty big trade off in efficiency
You had me convinced right up until you said Grip Shift! 😳
If they became ubiquitous it would make a massive dent in  income for sram and Shimano on spares.   The grip shift is an easy fix  Unless you’re racing the efficiency is so minor it’s hardly worth talking about.  Once a chain and sprockets get old and dirty they’ll be similar anyway.  I look forward to prices coming down to point where I can afford one  But at the end of the day things like this can be more about fashion than features or cost.  If the mtb crowed think they are dorky they won’t sell well unfortunately
replace that carbon fiber frame with steel or titanium and you have an almost worry free bike!
Give me a dirt jumper
How did you pay import tax when you bought that bike?
If I'm going to spend that much it will be for the new sram transmission
Lets be honest, everyone who bought one of these is preparing for the zombie apocalypse.
: )
Hey Seth, i‘m doing an internship as an engineer at Pinion. It is truly a fascinating company with a lot of innovations yet to come. Especially with ebikes or smart shifting solutions there will be some huge impacts on the bike industry in the future!
ew grip shifter
It’s possible to make them lighter if they used the right materials, such as Ti, Aluminum, magnesium, and carbon fiber. Of course it would push the prices up.
Are there CVTs?
I don't think a gearbox is suited for a muscle powered bicycle. Too much weigh and to much friction with a gearbox.  Derailers are the most straight forward I think, although I like internal hubs as well, and they are almost as efficient as derailers.
what if Ido race xc
My bike don’t want to shift i don’t know why
Now for extra nerd credit, pair it with a Sturmey Archer 8 speed hub.... 96 gears should be more than enough for anybody
I am a gearhub fan. They are bit cheaper, than gearboxes, and they fit normal frames. Drawback is that the extra mass is on the rear wheel so it is not perfect for full suspension bikes (extra unsprang mass).  If you are willing to go back in time and get a nice old 135mm QR frame, you can buy a used Rholoff for half a price or even less. If not you need to get a new thru axle Rohloff fitted in a service as they do no sell them. Kindernay hubs fit modern MTB bikes but info on them is sparse.
First of all we love you Seth⚒️⛰🌲🪨🌵🚵‍♀️been watching for years and your videos are hilarious and insightful I think is the word.  I completely agree with this as I am a Trailbuilder, ride E-bikes on jobsite pull BOB trailer with etc and I have sort of chased the exact bike you have there but the problem was we had to wait for Outerbike to even test ride one or find a customer that would allow us to ride it so do you know where you could experience the ride? Secondly I know for a fact Shimano has one in the works from a product tester but another story I love these and thy are on E-bikes already.  Thanks Brother!
Veer make a joinable belt drive, it is meant for frames with vertical dropouts. Modify an Alfine chain tensioner with the correct belt jockey wheel
Shimano should make the Alfine hub with a thru axle
I could see buying a used one but right now there too expensive.  But i like the idea of a belt drive for sure.
can you switch to kilometers instead of miles please??
definitely look forward to motor/gearbox combos, + I think they already have trigger/thumb shifters for these?
If big bike manufacturers are not investing resources in a product is because their overpaid engineers know something the whole lot of your dont know. It is not simply because they are maintenance free and the companies are trying to "john-deere" riders...
Gear boxes definitely leave me conflicted from the standpoint of widespread adoption (assuming the prices were comparable to a chain drive).  I think the efficiency differences just don’t matter for most people, but the lure of a maintenance-free bike is certainly tantalizing. That said  one of the most beautiful, empowering things about the bicycle is how simple it is to understand & maintain (especially with the adoption of 1x) - everything is just put in the open for you to see. With a set of Allan keys, some grease/lube, and a rag you can do all the basic maintenance yourself in your backyard for free. Some of that is inherently lost with a gear box: it literally encapsulates the drive train in a black box, and makes it harder for consumers to see and understand what’s going on and how it works, much like a car, where basic maintenance is essentially out of reach for all but the biggest enthusiasts. Let alone trying to incrementally upgrade components - with a gear box it’s swap all or nothing. So, I kind of hope that gear box + belt drive bikes remain relatively niche for those who do serious bike touring or commuters who seek them out. Long live the simple, chain-based drivetrain!!
It's worth noting that the Rohloff internal geared hub has efficiency in line with 1x drivetrains - measurably better than the BB-mounted Pinion (but still a little worse than the superior 2x drivetrain. ;-)  I believe this is in large part due to the gearbox being positioned after the gear overdrive from the chainring and rear cog, so the gearbox is running at higher speed and lower torque.  I have a Rohloff equipped Surly ECR, and i went the Rohloff route due to the efficiency, proven design (over 150k sold over 20+ years with a virtually zero failure rate), and the ability to change out the hub to whatever, and move it from bike to bike.  But it isn't easy to change out wheels on the bike like it is for BB-based gearboxes, and for full squish it isn't great (I only ride rigid).  But I have stuck with chain drive due to cost, ability to change gearing easily, and very long life without cross chaining.  I have heard stories of belt failure in mud that give me pause as well.  Belt drive does great on my wife's city bike with a NuVinci hub, and on my sport touring motorcycle.  I got 30k miles out of the first one - which was taken out by a rock in the belt, another worry of mine when mountain biking.
The Pinion system is the future but only when the price comes down. At the moment in the UK they are priced at £6k which is the price of a decent car.
The Pinion is mainly utilizing a spur gear for propulsion. The planetary gear is only used for the shifting process...
That looks so shit
Other thing probably worth mentioning just in terms of tech being researched. We've had gearboxes on bikes for more than a century. The sturmey archer 3 speed was introduced in 1902 and in the meantime plenty of companies have had a crack at it. Sturmey archer while under new ownership still exist, Sachs did them for quite some time before SRAM bought them out and discontinued IGHs just a few years ago. Shimano still make some excellent ones. Rohloff, is pricey but comes up in bicycle touring land as a pinion competitor very frequently. We now have the 3X3 Nine, kindernay and revolute Hub1 as recent entrants to the space. And final oddball, Enviolo/Nuvinci with their CVT hub.  Most if these (even the CVT) have been planetary geartrains. But ultimately. Gearboxes on bikes predate the derailleur.  A few cargo trikes and recumbents actually use a mid mounted gearhub too.  But they all have similar drawbacks to the pinion with lesser efficiency, a fair bit of heft (though it's hard to make a true like for like comparison) and don't have the pinions benefit of being mounted center/low on the bike. Though the rohloff supposedly isn't too bad on the efficiency front.  I am picking up a custom wheel for my commuter bike build tomorrow with a Shimano nexus 7 in it. Frames 130mm spaced horizontal dropouts and has no mech hanger, you can get a hanger setup off of a horizontal dropout bike but really the frame is setup for single speed or hub gear.
You also need to get the battery weight low down & maybe smaller if it is efficient at regenerating ! Owe,  & the gearbox is  an "Extension" Gearbox! 2 parallel shafts like most "Stick Shifts." A planetary gearbox is "Concentric" gearbox like all Automatic Transmissions! The reason it is called "Planetary" is that usually "not always though the SUN Centre Gear is an extension of the motor Output Shaft. The intermediate gears are called Planet Gears. There are usually 3, 4, 5 or more of these all run in mesh with teeth the sun gear, equi-spaced space around its perifery. These rotate on their own axis simultaneously. They mate with ring or annulus gear. A gear with teeth inside! Hope this helps.
Great video, but in the internal view of the gearbox, I don’t see anything that looks like a planetary drive. Is this really what they are using? Planetary drives in eCVTs on hybrid cars are actually pretty amazing.
I love my gear box it’s on my bike packing bike
waiting for these to work in conjunction with ebike motors and wireless shifting
It would be cool if they could substitute a high strength plastic or carbon fiber for the gears. It's not a car or motorized bike so it should remain relatively cool.
Personally, I'm sold on gearbox transmissions. Lower maintenance, less likelihood of breaking a derailleur, or bending a derailleur hanger, plus a wider range of gears. What's not to like? I recently had a Rohloff 14-speed transmission installed for a 2nd bike. This time my trusty Specialized S-Works Turbo Levo received a Rohloff upgrade. Gotta say it is sweet. With a wider range of gears, I can now climb pretty much everywhere, I am loving it. I'm now enjoying the uphill flow every time I ride. This thing just performs perfectly. If you are considering a gearbox, just do it.
Chain is 97 eficiency, belt +-90
it is iam in school
Check out the old gt it1
The problem is the friction, they are not as efficient.
Love my P18 gearbox. But like mentioned. It’s heavy, it’s spendy and it’s noticeably harder to pedal IMO
Coming soon: Bikes with power steering, traction control and carbon footprint measuring device. After all, you're farting methane and exhaling carbon dioxide.  Common people don't buy bikes with gearboxes because they are expenive. That's the answer.
Great presentation, enjoyed watching it very much, thanks!
Always entertaining! I like the trail cam first person views. Can you show when you hook a tree 🌴 with your handlebars like I do? 😂
But... but isn't that where the motor goes?
Nice video, but I would rather have 2 complete bikes than one gearbox.
Did you mention that the frame must be divisible in the rear right side in order to mount and discount the belt? It is not a big deal, but something good to know.
Question: why is no-one putting a shaft drive on pedal bikes and get rid of the chain / belt ?
"this one is made by pinion" ..show me one that isnt (im upset that i've only heard of one brand ok, not at you)
if one is not an athlete in a competition....gear box is best thing ever
Gripshift is the best! IDK about this tho Ye I clicked bc I already knew about these but forget...the efficiency is the main detractor for me.
is there a dealer in the midwest US?
I have ridden a Rohloff belt drive bicycle since march 2014. You are off on the drivetrain friction comment. If you really want to know about Rohloff and Pinion bicycle gears then watch CyclingAbout videos. There was a 17oz weight difference between the same model with conventional gears and the rohloff belt drive that I purchased. The pinion is heavier. I believe most people don't have the money to spend on high end bicycles to be more of a deterrent.      I commute and tour with mine. My shifting is faster and I never miss a gear. I change the oil once a year. i don't notice that increase in weight because of the convenience and ease of maintaining my drivetrain. If someone wants a belt drive with the 12 speed pinion then Priority bicycles has three models with the pinion. The newest one is 3500 on pre order. It has the new electric shift.
How did you determine that the customers were happy?  I suspect you just made that up.
gearbox is great for emtb but not on a traditional bike...
We have had gearbox bikes in New Zealand for years and years! Mite have been invented down here too. But all the best outdoor stuff gets invented down here anyway :)
Taniwha is pronounced “tonne-E-far”
Nice! 👏👏👏
I don't know the exact numbers but I don't think efficiency loss is that big of a deal. A newly cleaned and lubricated derailleur drivetrain may be more efficient but a grimy, dirty one may not be. With this gearbox, not only do you have the belt drive, but with a conventional drivetrain, the chain going back from the derailleur is quite close to the ground, potentially picking up quite a lot of dirt.
How come you didnt mention anything about internal gear hubs (the ones that are in the rear hub)? I think these are similar, and can be installed on your existing bike.. you just have to change the rear hub/wheels.. lots of these are made by Shimano..
I like cleaning it
another millionaire trying to pretend to relate to he average citizen.....
Along with the host of really significant other advantages mentioned in the comments.idlike to add that the gearbox beds in and gets more efficient. Also as soon as your chainline is angled significantly or there is a bit of mud. The Zerode Taniwha at least matches the efficiency. I bought mine for enduro style riding. But it so often outperformed in crosscountryish or bike packing that its my go to bike for nearly everything. And the price of the zerode bike is less than a santa cruz or pivot at similar spec. Its been such a revelation and improvement to my riding experience I'm amazed everyone isnt buying them. But yes i dont crosscountry race.
I have multiple bikes with Rohloff hubs and use them every day in any kind of weather and they take about zero of my time to keep running. Only once every year about an hour for all of them together to change the oil. The 2 bikes in the house with derailleurs seem to need some care every couple of rides or so.. I prefer to go out cycling over maintaining my bikes.. 😉
Constant mesh transmission. Very common in motorcycles. Neat idea that I will never buy. I'm too cheap!
I think this thing will shine at long distance adventures like bike tourism around the globe)
very well explained.
sir what is the brand of your bike stand
I've  been using hub gears since I was a little kid because in the Netherlands they are common.
My problems with belts is, its way more expensive as long as you dont buy the most expensive chain on teh market . Ofcourse the gearbox needs less maintenents then a normal gear shifter but i realy dont know i would love a long time rewiew
You should do a motorized bike kit review video
then you said it was. just saying. thanks for the vid.
all but means not.
Yeah make a gearbox that works for most bikes with a reasonable pricetag for most riders, then we'll talk.
A Truvativ Hammerschmidt in the front and a, i.e., a Nexus hub in the back.....I got to test sometging like that
Just an FYI the name Taniwha is a Maori word and is pronounced Tah-knee-fa
I think everyone knows about bicycles but they way I see it. Is like the gears and shifters are like transmissions in cars but for bicycles
Un gran paso, para la eliminación de los desviadores, y los problemas que generan. En poco tiempo, se mejorará el cambio; sólo hay que esperar, como todos los avances técnicos.
I actually just saw 2 guys riding them at Whistler
For the algorithm 🤩🥰💪🫶😁😎👌🥸🤓🥳🫡
I would prefer a wide range five speed cassette. It’s not like I need eleven or twelve gears with barely any difference between them. You know how the difference between the penultimate gear and granny gear on most cassettes is two or three times that of the rest of the gears? Well, do that for the entire cassette.
I have 5-6 bikes with derailleur and staying on top of maintenance is getting old. I’m looking into getting a pinion commuter and touring bike. Maybe a pinion bike packing bike too.
Meanwhile Sam Pilgrim buys a junk walmart bike and outrides all of us
I wouldn't mind the security of knowing I could shift under full load without hearing cracks and pops from a chain lol
The futura
Why is al the bike tools that you use BLUE🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦
The thing is, you can't actually buy any of the Pinion transmissions as a separate unit. They are only sold with a bike. They only deal with frame manufacturers directly. Thus the price really can't be discussed or compared.  You CAN however buy an Effigear Mimic for around 1200eur which isn't exactly cheap either but at least they are available...
And with no derailleur sticking down from the cassette, you cant break it by hitting it on a curb or rock bed
Ok, so it lasts for thousands and thousands of miles. 2:10 But, do they make a version that lasts thousands and thousands of kilometers?
Remember those vintage internal 3 speed hubs? May be considered the earliest "gearboxes" and were pretty popular back in the day, the derailleur added more speeds and pretty much made them obsolete.
Seth What app do you use to plan your Trails?
I love my retrofitted Rolhoff hub gearbox (on an orange 66 freeride bike).  I've done about 15000km offroad on it over about 20 years, I wash the bike about every year, I've never changed the oil, and I oil the chain every month or two. Ive never changed a chain or anything on the drive train. (Rolhoff chain is way stronger than flimsy shifty ones). Its been the best thing about that bike (my old fave bike).   Used to have one on the mountian tandem as well but the cable friction was too high over that length so had to switch back to deraillleur, but the tandem is the perfect application for a hub, and every time I ride it I wish it could have worked.
Is it possible if you could hook my son  up with a beginner hard tail  mountain bike
my Mountain bike is a raleigh ,  i bought it in the '90s, i was thinking of making it a belt drive with a Rohlof hub and junk the 21 speed. What size front  sprocket will I need I need?
Most stores like Walmart sell throw away bikes that's why we're still stuck in the dark ages on the quality of these bikes.
Did you find the gopro surfboard
Just waiting for a nice alloy alu emtb and ill get one. Loved my Buell XB12R back in 2006. it was a belt drive crotch rocket so I'd more than vouch for the durability
I've seen them locally on Greensboro,NC at Galactic Bikes   They have Nicolai bikes Saturn, ION, etc
would a gearbox be good on a ebike?
Hunday or Ferrari will take me to the same place,, but the price on them it's not the same
Wait Seth, did you buy a TJ wrangler??
Because they're heavy and most bike shops won't work on them, they ship it off to someone who can. You're simple repair becomes weeks, if not months.
It's been a while since you've made an RC Crawler video.
Hi man I’m you biggest fan ever I learn how to fix bikes by you 😅 can I ask you a question are the mountain bikes called TOTEM good love you ❤❤❤❤❤
Hey Seth. I want to put a berm peak sticker on my bike but I want to do it with my own colours. Is it okay if I make one on my cricket myself?
Have you seen Stealt Bomber e-bike ? Its been around for a looooong time now ... No need for gears or shifting.
Do you think today 3x9 or 2x10 drivetrain bikes are DONE? Will you buy such drivetrain bike in this days too or will you choose only 1x11 or 1x12 drivetrain mtb for trail or travel?
Can we see what your Berm Peak looks like please
I am a Katipo owner and the complaints about higher cost and lower efficiency are just not true: my Strava times (uphill) are the same compared to my previous Specialized Enduro with a 12-speed SRAM Eagle, my cadence is just higher, presumably because I shift now a that it is that fast & simple a lot more. My whole bike did cost less than a comparably equipped Santa Cruz / Specialized / etc., because you can`t compare to a low-budget bike, Zerodes are usually equipped with top of the line components, like FOX Factory suspension, BikeYoke dropper posts with actual long travel, a frame that really can endure any bikepark session etc. and perform at least just as well as those high-end competitors. Everyone who has tried my Katipo so far, hands it back to me saying "This is the future!".
ekshtremely
Let's just say that the only main reason is the high price! that's why it's so rare!
Another 10/10 video. Thank-you!
You had me all the way until the grip shifter 😢
Major problem is frame compatibility. The frame parameters necessary to incorporate a gearbox makes said frame more expensive. And possibly less attractive performance traits. Add the added cost of the drive/transmission unit and you could buy an ebike, a good ebike, not a lead sled. The constant rotation of the gears, and the crappy engagement make this less than ideal for chunky climbs and slower maneuvers. Tighten up the engagement, employ a friction clutch system and it just about there. Then you need to lose the weight AND make it fit conventional frame manufacturing. So . . . keep working on it. Someone will figure it out eventually. For now, it's long distance, commuter and anti-mechanics riders who'll buy this.
That helmet reminds me of the Statue of Liberty.  🙂
Where I live (DK)  they salt the bike paths like crazy during the winter. And this is mostly a great thing, but my drive train gets rusty basically overnight. I would def consider a belt drive for my next bike.
I'm the one don't maintain bikes. Because (or since) I don't have derailleurs or suspensions on any of my bikes. Well, only soft fork on DJ one.
Probably because sprockets are cheap and easy to replace, gearbox sounds expensive While riding my bike through the desert I want to be able to take apart and replace no expense parts quickly without spending a lot of $$$ and all I need are alien wrenches
Hello! Thanks for that video. I am very light weight person and I have a really light weight Idworx Mountain Rohler. It is 12 years old and has a chain and still works but one day It will be retired. The Rohloff takes a little bit of my power every time I pedal, that was clear from the start of our relationship but OK. After all these years I tested from the shop of my trust two new bikes. Both with belt drive and I was a little bit shocked. One with Pinion and one with Rohoff. Both with Gates and definitely premium bikes. It was horrifying. Does it work for me? definitely not.  The belt drive felt like it sucked some extra energy compared to my clean chain on the "old" Rohloff bike. The Rohloff itself consumes some power comapred to normal derailleur bikes but thats Ok riding it in dirty conditions on long days. I do not know if normal weighted persons or heavy cyclists do not fell this bad loss of power but for me it was one of reasons why I will never buy one Pinion bike with belt drive and never belt drive with Rohloff, at least :-) until I am really old and need a pedelec or something like that. I am not a "weight weenie" but I have to use every watt my body puts out to go forward if possible. Liebe Grüße. Eigentlich würde ich gerne Lokalpatriotisch sein aber Pinion ist für mich keine Alternative und Rohloff hat sich einfach zu lange auf seinen Lorbeeren ausgeruht.
I never had a problem with bike weight. Companies just really removed this important part
Big Derailer already has gear boxes called internally geared hubs.  I do like the idea of the weight being n the middle of the bike tho.
Seth should leave cycling for a bit and study automotive engineering bachelors then masters degrees as my mate did after his motorcycle trade .
A capsule kit is being developed by an automotive engineer friend that can be retrofitted to a conventional frame after having been in a research group that have been looking at a solution for some time now .
The belts can be cut with dressmakers scissors . I have done this .
I pulled one of these apart and they have Rohloff style clutches . Without them , no shifting .
Not maintenance free as clutches inside them wear out , especially springs .
"If that bike was a woman id kiss er!"
You should review that bike with double forks
For billionaire's, Jesus.
Does anyone know of any data regarding the efficiency loss of this gearbox, compared to a normal derailer? Thank you
so good to see a new zeland bike on berm peak.  represent @zerode for the taniwha :-)  started right here in rotorua new zealand...
"Type 2 fun" addict here. Who are gearboxes for? For bikepackers who have bent derailleurs, broken hangers, broken chains, cleaned their chains every week (or every day if in deep mud), regularly worn out chains, cogs, and chainrings .... and instead simply want to ride. Yes, in a lab setting there are differences in efficiency. But a self-cleaning drive+belt system is more efficient than a grinding chain system gunked with sticky clay and sand/gravels. I've been riding a Pinion all over ... the Yukon, Patagonia and many places in-between and couldn't be happier. Just replaced my belt in the time I would have gone through 4 chains. Still have not touched my Pinion in the time I would have already replaced my derailleur.
Pikachu face. Because its crazy expensive ?
Chain + sprockets will always be more efficient than belt + gears. Gearboxes have been around for decades but they're a tough sell for anyone who does any amount of serious pedaling.
I learned that i don't have 1600$ for a drivetrain.
What i really don't like is the almost same sized sprocket, front and back. Make the back quite smaller please...
Jo i always watch your videos especially the hardtail ones. I wanna ask if you can test the giant fathom 2 27.5?
Noooo I thought the world finally got rid of crappy grip shifts
slap a front hub motor on that thing - and wow
As a former motorcycle rider, I always wondered why *belt drive* wasn't more of a thing.
Well... I am not really so far outside in the countryside and I am also not lacking knowledge about bike maintenance. I am just lazy af... In general a gearbox sounds nice, but his whole "less efficiency" thing is not really compatible with me being lazy. I rather want to have my pedaling effort going into speed than into wasted heat in the gearbox. Let's hope that there will still be efficiency improvements in the future...  A few years ago, I said to a friend: "How much can bikes still change? The concept is old and there should be no major progress anymore". Turned out that I was wrong, because there is new materials available, new technology available, new manufacturing methods available, and new design tools available. Maybe there is also still something which can be done about the downsides of current bike's gearboxes. However, this is usually not so much about money but more about mechanical engineers who are interested and motivated to improve things. It's a common misconception that more money equals better research results. In some cases it's true (e.g. material science or semiconductor technology - things that you can't simply do in a small shop) but most times it's wrong.
Sweet video! But you should’ve mentioned the bike comes from New Zealand! Also a Taniwha as a Māori mythological beast.
Can you hellp me abaut my bike
Nice.  can you do a comparision on a eBike with Pinion GB?  Thank you and love your videos.
Do you know you sound more like Patton Oswalt than anyone else besides Patton Oswalt himself?
Great video!!!!
But the chainring rotate at a differenti Speed than the cranks?
theres one important detail to the entire efficiency discussion that is missing here. this gearbox is not as efficient as a normal chain driven system with a derailleur with a perfectly clean and lubricated chain yea. but the big difference here is the gearbox with a belt drive is going to be super consistent so unless you are very particular with your chain maintenance and also make sure your gears are all perfectly adjusted your chain drive will lose efficiency over time and according to the data we have till now you quickly get to the point where such a gearbox and belt drive is as efficient as your normal bike with mediocre maintenance being done.  as you said, perfect for a commuter, i used my bike to go to work for 7 years every single day no matter the weather and i changed chains 5 times on top of having 3 chains break while riding the bike. im really looking forward for a belt drive now where i know this is never going to be a problem again.
taking the soul out of the bike ? no thx u good luck when that chain or whatever it is snap or maybe its designed for ppl who ride occasionally  oh dear good, what a times
Pinion MGU (Motor and Gearbox together)
Gearboxes are mainly for bicycle touring, when you are on the road and might be days or weeks between places where you can have maintenance done.  Another negative of touring that gearboxes are a plus is spare bicycle parts are heavy, and since you have to carry everything you need on your bike a gearbox makes it so all you have to carry is a light belt.  The only other person where a gearbox would be of benefit is someone that knows nothing about bikes but wants to exercise just by riding around a city.  I have seen people with Priority bikes that have a Pinion.  I think they're getting more popular, it is just the bikes that use them are frames make for them.  There are Rohloff hubs also, they can be put on any bike.
Big Derailler vs. "small company" Pinion?  You know the Pinion guys are all ex-Porsche, right?
You should make berm peak pajamas
Honestly with that price id pick a BBSHD 1kw mid drive and have way more fun
in Romania gearboxes are found on cheap city bikes, they usually only have 3 speeds
I’ve had one for 4 years now. Soo sick!!
twist grip is a deal-breaker, tbh
Seth didn't mention how you can shift without pedaling, super handy when descending & need to get into a higher gear or come up on steep climb & need to dump a bunch of gears. Also with the new e-shift model it will come with a trigger shifter, similar to AXS, so don't have to worry about the grip-shift issue.
So, you gotta take apart the rear triangle on one side to change the belt?
Hi!!! im thinking about buying a Scott Genius 40 XL for 400€ from what i saw on the fotos it looks good. I heard they have realy expansive to service rear shocks and idk but i want a "cheap" fully so my question: should i buy it?
One point about the price is that you don’t need replacement parts. These transmissions will last 100.000+km. During this time you will need many chains and cassettes. So you are paying up front to save money later.
It adds up to 2 pounds and doesn't shift very well. That is the reason.
Hi Sir Berm Peak I was wondering if I could ask for $2000 please it's for my for my school tuition and also I need the money for my family  please it would mean the world to me if you can help me out and thank you in advance Sir Berm Peak and always stay safe I'm so sorry for the inconvenience but may your contents always be filled with joy and happiness and may God bless you always on your journey in life and in the future 🙏❤️
I did not expect that seth knows how to drive a stick shift.  nice one seth keeping the manual transsmission alive.
Here in Portugal Decathlon sells commuter bikes with gearboxes (Shimano Nexus). Nothing really special. You CAN install it on any bike because this gearboxes are inside hubs. This series of gearboxes may not be suitable for MTB. However those exist 🙂
I understand that the efficiency issues with those gearboxes are the worst at low power levels. given how peaky off road and especially gravity-focused riding is it probably isn't bad. and compared to MTBs with their often crooked chainlines, small chainrings and dirty chains then the differences are less significant still.  the biggest problem for me is the price. followed by the limited variety of bikes.
I have a cool idea for a video, what if you make a flip bike with a road bike, that could be so cool
I'll forgive your pronunciation of Zerode Taniwha because you're not a Kiwi but the bike is 😬🤘🏼👍🏼
Defo a eBike option. If resistance is the downside, then a 85Nm motor negates that issue. Bring it on Specialized 😁👍
Never ever heard about a conspiracy. IGH isn't used more because of inefficiency. Where that matters a lot less, like on eBikes they are used very frequently.
a company called instinctiv bikes is selling it with a trigger shift system adding about 500 bucks. In my opinion very overpriced for a piece of plastic that you maybe could 3d print with some additional rubber and metal pieces
What happend to the endurbarrow?
I think gearboxes are not really that great for MTBs or road bikes. But for commuters, touring and e-bikes they are without and doubt the best option. The only reason not to have a gearbox on such a bike is the high price.
Worth mentioning, from a touring bike perspective, the Pinion's even spacing between gears makes it easy to keep an even pedaling cadence over rolling terrain. Also with no derailleur protruding, and no oil covered chain, it's easier to load bike into cars, buses, hotel rooms etc.
Gearbox will be the future for Bikes..
i thought that belt drivetrains are made for urban use, as they incredibly wear in harsh conditions, would you take it for muddy trail without worry like you would do on an xc bike?
I think it's also depending on the country and the bike use. Here in Germany they are quite common for comunter bikes. Especially the rental ones in the city (we have stations where you can pick up a bike, ride it home and drop it off at a station close to home) It's's good for people that just want something dependebale to get to work and don't care about performance or maintenance. I have one on my old bike, though with a chain I think.
In netherlands its alr for years
The advantage that sticks out to me is not getting your derailleur eaten by the spokes of your rear wheel when a stick gets lodged while riding; taking out the derailleur, hanger, and half the wheel spokes.
Who’s it for? No one really yet. This is basically Gen 1 tech.  Madness to drop good cash on something so early.
Every time I've seen efficiency data, naturally enough the chain model is perfectly clean and in perfect order. However, how much this deteriorates in real use is rarely discussed, while the sealed gearbox shouldn't deteriorate at all in real use. It may well be true that chain drive is still more efficient after a couple of hours mudplugging, but the gap will be no where as big as it was at the start of the ride.
Shimano and Sram made gearboxes; They're called "internally geared hubs." I'd imagine it wouldn't be too difficult for Shimano to take a Nexus and convert it into a gearbox.  If they're not doing it, there's probably a good reason why; especially because Shimano already has a BB enclosure system for their inhouse mid drive motor.
Should I get a gt aggressor pro or an ozark trail ridge?
Neato skeeto!
The zerode bike name is pronounced more like "Tar knee far". It's a Maõri word for a large mythical beast in folklore.
Aside from obvious location issues and weight repartition, how is this drivetrain different from a rear internal gear hub. You can equip a belt on these too. They are low maintenance, very reliable, expensive, at least the ones with lots of speed, have a lot of range, are very durable, heavy, and also less efficient  than a conventional drivetrain. Their obvious advantage over the pinion system is that they are compatible with almost every bike, not just the 6bolts frames.
I will have one of these some day. This captured everything they're all about perfectly.
Beautiful but costly in comparison to a simple cassette and derailleur 😮
seth needs to try a surron
would like to update my bikes to a specialized stupjumper, eleccy leveo and stumpy evo. have tried the pinion and would have them on all the bikes over deraileurs, and for me the drag was no worse than the old drive train. In wet gritty conditions drag should be even if not marginally better, but not noticable.  For  the big brands ,sram, shimano, the chains and anything you smash off is basically the equivalentn basically printer cartiges $🤑$.  I run sram and it has been good, still would prefer to pay a ittle extra and squeeze those rock gap while taking the weight off the rear.
1:05 soundtrack?
I guess it's quiet efficient when comes to something like a backpacking situation. No maintenance needed,
SRAM actually used to make internal gearboxes like this until 2017. They said they had to stop because the low volumes made it hard to keep their suppliers in the game at competitive prices. They went from selling 2 million a year in the 90s to a hundred thousand by the end.  Seems kinda silly though as this probably right before e-bikes would have driven tons of demand.
It's pronounced Tah Knee Far, but you were close enough!
is the belt quieter than a chain?
I must be the only person who likes a gripshift.
This thing is uglier than me.
Top stuff for covering Pinion. Would be nice if Shimano or SRAM or a new bike company would get to build/tweak something like these at a better price point.  Being mid-drive, the benefits for balance and freeing rear suspension movement is impressive. I wanted to try out a different drivetrain besides derailleurs, went and tried a Shimano Alfine but found it sort of lacking even for it's intended purpose (Rohloff is too damn expensive), I did like the Gates carbon belt version. Pinion takes bicycle drivetrain to an all new level and kudos to them.
Does anyone remember Honda DH bike ? That thing was sick.
The belt is the thing i want the most, as someone who rides in the UK i spend so much time maintaining my drivetrain because it's covered in mud 9 months out of the year, it would be so nice to just be able to hose off my bike and be done.
They got to engineer it like the reels, home maintenance where it can be serviced. My light weight reel is landing sixty pound fish, but I can take it apart and clean and service it. Come on Shimano , I have a patient waiting if you don't step up. Seth 👍👍
Hi Seth, I was wondering if you have any recommendations on a full suspension mountain bike for 1500 or less
There nice but there is still no market place for them so a belt would cost you a kings ransom if purchase in  the wrong area and a bike chain can be purchased for cheap anywhere
When a pinion gear box is $1600 you have to start comparing it to other $1600 drivetrains namely sram t-type which you can now get for $1100. The main advantage I see is shifting under load. This a place t-type excels and pinion falters. Pinions are known to not want to shift when other heavy load. A huge disadvantage when you find yourself needing to dump a couple of gears in a pinch. With t-type there’s way more bikes out there which are compatible, with pinion you’re looking at buying a whole new bike. I think pinion has the best shot of success in the ebike and commuter world. Their new products in that arena will likely be much more successful than their current offerings. You get electronic shifting and lose the grip shift, a motor to drown out the inefficiencies in power loss and hub engagement. And frames which manufactures already designed for motors making the pinion ebike gear bike and motor much more simple for a frame builder to implement. For me, I don’t see the point I’d much rather upgrade my current bike to t-type and get a nice high engagement hub as well. In the end it costs the same as the pinion and imo it’s better in every way.
5:02 No planetary gears in a Pinion gearbox
You lost me at grip shift. I rode grip shift when i couldn't afford better in the 90s, and was so happy when i could finally afford a real shifter. Grip shift is hell on bumpy trails or big hits.  Enduro? bumps and grip shift? hateful... Grip shift was the worst thing i ever wasted money on. lmk when there's an option that doesn't suck. I have a parts bin that goes back to the early 90s, but there's no grip shift there. The ONLY time in the last 30 years I threw away working parts was when i rid myself of the abomination that was grip shift.
In summary, our recommendation is: Unchain your Ride 😆
You don’t have to use clutch on manual(car)? Are you the devil? If you have manual gearshift, you use clutch. The car-to-MTB equivalent of not using your clutch would be like smashing your bike onto a wall and then laughing about it. This video is heresy.
Grip shift is a hard no for me.
let’s put a cvt in this
rear hub gearboxes have been out for years and belt drive is way more efficient and reliable why is this news? Whats the deal? What idiots dont know they are out there is the better question
For me it's because it's absolutely impossible to find bikes fitted with them to purchase....
I love this (also love grip shifts), but not even my bike worths that money, it's a cool thing to admire from afar and see where it goes
amazing, but I can't afford now :D
I have a Rohloff 500/14. I do call it a transmission, cuz that’s what it is. Or gearbox.
U should come and ride highland rec in Highland Michigan. There are 4 trails that are pretty fun and technical
I have owned a Pionion equipped bike, rode it 2016 season. The frame was not great (a Musing from GER), but I loved the Pinion, except for parts being hard to come by. For XC or trail riding, it wasn't a great feel. For anything descending oriented, it was fantastic. I will 100% own another one. When I replace my Nicolai G1, I will probably do so with a gearbox equipped Nicolai. If there was more parts availability and options, I believe a sizable portion of gravity focused riders would be on one. Perfect for 140-200mm bikes
My son has a really old bmx bike
Looks like a miniature motorcycle transmission.
Interesting. Thanks for sharing this with us.
You forgot to mension the two guys who designed this system working of Gear boxes for Porsche. Also the   chains loose their advantage once the get dirty .this is something none of the Gear box bikes suffer from. Did you know Honda made a series of MTB wining Gear box bikes not sure when late 80's or 90's  but they never produced them for the open market. Also Pinion now have an E-Shifter that solves most of the shifting problems under load and removes the grip shifter. Again its mega pricy. Also they have rivals now entering the market also using the 6 bolt mounting interface . All these designs are great bar the mounting system and the price of the unit its self this is limiting them to to only premium high end brands like the Renn stahl touring bike you pictured with no change out of 5000 euros to buy one which is a massive investment when you think what you could buy for that sort of money but sticking to the conventional tried and tested shifting systems. Some say these are the future because we are reaching the limit of how many more gears can you stick on the rear hub and how much wider can the rear end get. Already having problems with the knewer rear super boosted hubs . But Gear boxes will only become cheaper once the likes of Sram or Shimano get on board. We know that Shimano is doing some research in that direction .but for these to become mainstream they have to be in the same price range as Deore. XT or XTR before they get any mass take up.
Manufacturing a problem so they can sell the solution.
I just like to replace parts quickly by myself.
AWESOMENESS!!! 😎
I'm surprised that you didn't mention hub gears, where the gearbox is shoved in the rear hub. They're somewhat common on commuter bikes where I live, where the (unmentioned) advantage of shifting whilst stationary is quite useful
6:15 that is a 5,800$ BICYCLE. At that price I can get a decent motorcycle that can carry all the spare parts it needs with tools and backup fuel and still come in under that price in some cases.
I would say nobody wants to pay the insane prices but you guys will buy anything no matter the price if it gives you a slight advantage, frame prices are evidence of that.  Oh and all the proprietary and/or specialty crap.
Killer timing Seth. I just road RAGBRAI with the team from Priority Bicycles and got to experience their variety of belt drive bikes and Pinion gearboxes. Super neat technology and I'm looking forward to adding their upcoming 600HXT to the fleet.
its like most things , they have the ability to make things pretty much never break but where would the money come from if everything just lasted forever 🤷‍♂️ , same with cars ect ect , they could make them better but they need the after sales/services
Love my Priority 600 with the Pinion 12 speed!  Only drawback (I'm a street/road/path rider), is the low gearing.  I may swap in a smaller rear pulley.
Yeah here's the issues:  1) Compatibility, you need a special bike to use it. When choices are limited, customers tend to look where choices are numerous. Standardization is a great benefit anywhere. Of course with standardization you might get stagnation, so it's not all good.  2) Efficiency. Derailleurs, for all their flaws, are really efficient. They are efficient by their very nature, not just because of a century of development. Gearboxes have good efficiency too thanks to a lot of development, but they will never be as efficient as derailleurs. Close enough maybe, but by the nature of how they operate they won't ever be the most efficient.  3) Cost. Derailleurs can be hella expensive, but you get A LOT with an expensive derailleur. And you get most of those benefits if you don't go for the most expensive options anyways due to standardization and the fact innovations creep down into the cheaper options over time. Gearboxes, due to the limited runs it has, are always expensive. Regardless of how good they are. Even the cheapest gearbox is still overpriced because they aren't made in nearly as much bulk as derailleurs are. Small batches means higher costs, which the customers are expected to pay for. And gearboxes aren't standardized so what you get is what you get, one product might be good at one thing and another is great at another thing. You don't get all the good bits in one gearbox because there's no market standard that drives them to be good at all the things the customers expect them to be.  4) Serviceability. Sure, a gearbox just needs a change of oil every year and they just keep going... But what if they don't? When something breaks you can't just be sure to go to the bike shop to get a small replacement part. The gearbox you bought 3 years ago might not even be supported anymore. You are SOL when that happens, fixing it means getting a new gearbox which might not even be compatible with the rest of your drive line. And that is long before you consider the amount of knowledge and tools you need to start fixing a gearbox as opposed to a derailleur. Yes, derailleurs require more maintenance and cleaning. But they are EASIER to work on when things go wrong.  5) Weight. Not really a big issue when riding on nice trails. But as soon as you need to shift your bike around, any extra pounds will add up. If you have to lift the bike up a rock face, any extra pounds will be felt. And maneuvering a heavy bike, even if the weight is perfectly centered, requires more effort. Effort that would be better spent having fun.  6) Familiarity. With a chain, sprocket and derailleur bike you instinctively know when it's running well and you know ever sound it makes. With a gearbox you don't really know if it's supposed to be that way or sound like it does. So you will not be prepared for when the thing breaks down. I've never been surprised by a derailleur doing strange things and breaking on a ride. I've already noticed the issue long before it does and had my chance to fix it before it broke.  7) Finally, in any other case, for gearboxes to become a viable option they have to become accepted by a not insignificant portion of riders. As long as you only have "nerds" and commuters using them, they will remain a niche product that will never be standardized and will always have a new company making them because "they are so fricking awesome" and then that drive fades away into the history books.  -------------  Mind you, all major derailleur manufacturers actually have done research and development into gearboxes. They have all come to the same conclusion in the end, the gearbox doesn't offer any significant enough benefits to where they are ready to set up a serious manufacturing line for them. Good enough for a small test run, but they just don't stand a chance against the inherent benefits of derailleurs. The times and places a gearbox does shine are so spaced apart and so small that even those that can afford to produce them simply don't. With E-bikes, the trend has of course been leaning more towards gearboxes and other similar developments at the crank. But that's because of necessity where a traditional drive setup would not be enough.  On motorbikes, even a beefed up derailleur wouldn't suffice. It would break way too often.
well I feel I need to mensjon winter driving. I have a Butcher & bicycle with hub gear and belt drive. I use that insted of a car, and I love the way it works in winter condisjon .
This is pretty cool. But grip shifters make this a no go for me. Without that I would definitely be down to try it.   I love these types of unique bike tech videos. Seth definitely seems in his element when it comes to sharing stuff like this. This channel excels at educating us bike nerds about stuff like this while still making it engaging.
Using Pinion since 2 years. Would not get back to another system. Had never one single problem within tousands of kilometers.
I found the statement at 7:11 to be distracting and honestly misleading coming from Seth. Yes there's been a century of R&D into gearboxes that go in to the cars (and motorbikes) but that doesn't mean the big derailleur shouldn't be investing in it for ebikes/mountain bikes. There's clearly a lot of great advantages (not to mention the fewer moving parts that are exposed to the elements) to the pinion systems and the problems can definitely be ironed out if SRAM/Shimano took a stab at it. They're simply unwilling to do so as they have a great business going on and mark my words, once they realize that this is the next big thing that they need to jump on to to keep their market dominance, they'll all jump over and then convince you how that's the right time to switch over. It's a shame that a channel I've trusted over this long would say something like that but I guess he needs the brands to be on his good side.
I tested a zerode. Freaking loved it. The light wheel makes corners more easy.
UNSPRUNG MASS! Seth your great but you completely missed the main advantage. Moving the weight from the wheel to the cranks moves weight onto the sprung mass. This makes the bike so much better over the rough stuff. These bikes were designed for race performance and there are few that out perform them.
I hope these will become more popular someday in my life. Ordinary chain drivetrains are efficient but also a pain in the ass.
Belt drives and gear hubs or boxes are awesome! I was lucky enough to get a commuter bike with pinon gears and belt drive at a great discount back in 2019. 4 years and thousands of kilometers down the line I've had no issues with the gearbox (or bike in general) and I really can't fault it. Yes, it weighs quite a bit and the grip shift is not the most ergonomic shifter you can get, but drivetrain maintenance is cut down to a 5 min oil change a year. For winter riding or commuting it's a no brainer.
You could pass for Samcrac's brother lol.
Pinion gearbox is a great thing, paired with a rohloff internal gearhub and belt transmission. Low maintenance is a great advantage. But it is very expensive. I have a commuter bike with gates carbon belt drive and I love it. But for mountain bikes I don't know if is the best choice. Maybe e-bikes with the internal gearhub combination are better.
Looks pretty much like a motorized vehicle gear box :)  The grip shift is a big non-starter for me, I hated those on my bikes in the 90s when I was a kid and I hate them now.  Sound like mostly pros outside of price and frame compatibility.  Hopefully we find more of them on motor powered/assisted bikes in the future.
It's not a planetary gearbox, but a cassette-style manual sequential gearbox, as found in many racing motorcycles.
Taniwha is the best when Americans say it😂 I must say Seth is closer to the correct pronunciation then others I’ve seen reviewing a katipo or taniwha
hey seth it would be great if you could reveiw the schwinn axum dp
I've been wondering about gear boxes for ages. Thank you for this informative video. I would love to try it paired with a motor, hopefully we'll see that option in the US soon.
I have an internal hub and a carbon drive on my current bike.  I’ve had my eye on a pinion system for a while just for the larger range.  Sometimes I max out my internal hub and wish it had a little more, and I know the pinion has a wider range… but I don’t like that grinding sound.  (That, and the bikes with pinion systems AND carbon belts (I’ll NEVER go back to a regular chain!!) are so daggone expensive… makes your eyes water.)
Can you please do another $5 to $50!!
Seth makes his videos perfectly, in college we learned formats for speeches and Seth shows these strategies perfectly
Don't forget it removes the smashing of the derailer!
As  i work in a high end travel bike factory i install these really often. Indeed quite heavy. But made to last. We ditched derailleurs and are almost only working with Pinion and Rolhoff. But then again. The bikes just need to work. Always.   I have the pleasure of using a 12 speed Pinion in a prototype ebike. Great combo.
thanks for making this video. shame that more people dont buy gearboxes combined with gates
For bike touring and bikepacking there's no better option. For somebody like me who does those activities as my primary bike activities I don't think I can ever again be bothered with a derailleur setup.
Same shit with vehicles. Differentials and transmissions /t-cases get super hot especially with thicker gear oils and high gear ratios.  Electric vehicles don’t have to go through as much gearing and friction, maybe just a gear box (but with no need for pinion 90* change in rotation, just gear on gear ⚙️ in line). Some EVs don’t even have differentials just a motor per wheel . Anyways, pinions and gears are dumb .
rev match without a clutch? 😂
Looks  like a motorcycle transmission.   Didn’t see any planetary gears.
The grip shift was a strange choice.
l'd love one of these in conjunction with a hub drive cargo ebike.
Eh... the "century of research" argument doesn't hold much water. Just take a look at how it took to get fork bleeders onto MTB stuff despite having been on MX stuff for several decades prior.  MTB is very very slow to adapt to anything and the participants aren't exactly helping either.
I have a Pinion P1.18 on my commuter bike. I ride about 3000 miles a year in any weather. The maintenance is less, but I have some issues with creaking (gearbox in frame), and I've had to file a warranty claim when the gearbox failed after about 10000 miles (I did get it back within a week completely rebuilt for free). But the main issue is the drag in high gears.
Seth, will postage of your merch to UK or Poland come back?
How do you replace the belt?  How does it thread through the rear triangle if its one solid piece?
Gripshift is the one thing that keeps me away from gearboxes.  Limited grip options Expensive AF dual shift cables that can lock up and wear down Expensive AF YET AGAIN
1:03 Whoa! Is that a Phoenixville Bike Park water bottle?!???!!!! I wasn’t expecting that.
I had an idea for a rear sprocket that would eliminate a derailleur but wouldn't be so complex as a gearbox, and still keep a chain because I think a chain is less prone to slipping and holds up better to the elements but I suck worse then nickleback at CAD drawing so I wouldn't know where to start.
i live in wyoming and have had one since 2020 on a zerode katipo and its been a dream.
Found it fascinating,  also too expensive.
Makes sense for e-bikes.
Yeah but in a vehicle they have somewhere between 10 to 20 percent horse power loss thru the drive train, so in theory your going to expend about 10 percent of your effort to just power the gear box, I'm thinking it would take a while to get used to but overall could be beneficial.
Cost... Image having income as a full time student and health issues.
Did you go to Phoenixville Bike Park?! We were there on opening day and got the same water bottles!
Reason? 1. High cost 2. Low modularity 3. High weight
will be a big improvement on ebikes, where the clasic system is fargile and unrealiable, on a normal bike, the stress on the drive train is not that big, and most of the riders use shuttles to go up, but for e bikes will be the new standard
Not sure if this was discussed here already, but is the "could be mistaken for an e-bike" aspect a factor for some?  While most MTBers that are even only superficially into the technical aspects of MTBs would probably notice the difference on a second look, on a pass-by you might get mistaken for an e-bike rider (and thus become a receiver of e-bike hate 😉). Funny enough, in particular the non-biking part of the populace has learned to recognize an e-bike by the "bulky bottom bracket section" (no, they don't know that this is called bottom bracket 😉) and are even more likely to think that the guy who just zipped by was "just another e-bike rider, not a real sportsman". Conversely, I actually frequently get kudos when passing by hikers on some of the steeper inclines in my area for riding an e-bike (unlike about 80% of riders around here). I remember when I was new to the MTB business, I met a some nice folks on the trails and had a chat with them. One of them had what I back then thought was a rear hub motor - actually it was a Rohloff rear hub . Similar considerations are also putting me off the Scott Spark - with its internal rear shock, which results in a more bulky bottom bracket section, it looks like an e-bike for casual onlookers.
Ive said it for years now that high engagement hubs are not good for fs bikes now on a ht thats where they shine
This may seem like a dumb question but how do you know if it is a freewheel?
Bit disingenuous saying a gearbox is 1600 dollars without mentioning how much the sram axs system is & more importantly, how much to replace cassettes etc in the same usage! You'd only have oil to change & maybe the odd belt on the gearbox, derailleur, that's a whole other matter! You'd soon spend 1600 whilst using axs. Wreck one derailleur, change the cassette, front ring & chain? Twice? 😱 Soon adds up to far mare than 1600 dollars. Which is why sram & shimano stick with the derailleur system LOTS OF DOLLARS 💵 💵💵💵
Get rid of the grip shift and it will be ok
That was a great entertaining and informative video Seth. Loved the variety of trails you rode and the also the different scenes you chose to explain your different points about it. Love the bike.
Böttcher, Rose, schindelhauer  Fahrrad Manufaktur usw.🥰😉
Love gripshift. Always had the fastest downshifts in the west with one. Commuters are the classic use case for belt drive. Ya nailed it.
I’m not a biker and I found this pretty interesting!
For those that might be interested, the pronunciation of Taniwha = Tar-knee-far
The grip shifter is the one thing that is turning me off from it other than the price.
will you be at whistler on aug 9 ish
Fascinating
Revonte
Heavy *and* inefficient? But I get whole new bike?!?!  Take my money!
The transmission doesn’t use a planetary gearset, it resembles an automotive manual transmission with straight cut gears, whereas  road cars use helical gears. That’s the reason why it’s relatively noisy, but it does make it even more efficient. It will be much more efficient than a gearbox with a planetary gearset.
never knew this even existed for MTB. Kinda cool
Awesome Video!!!!
To be fair, belt drives are in your cars too.
6:25 nice line
What is unique about this is that in a tandem situation, both riders can pedal at different speeds. I can see this being used in three wheeled designs.
This would make sense for e-bike, but still sticking to mechanical shifting without the need of grip shifting, and appears expensive in my opinion.
A smart engineer would make the gear box bolt into e bike frames.....out of warranty motor failure.....buy a 2000 dollar motor or 1400 dollar gear box
How much is cost of a. Completely set up
If that price tag was more in line with what I paid for my Giant, I'd give it some thought. My motorcycle has a beltdrive,  and I love it.
This'll be the way to go for e-bikes
Taa-knee-far :P You're welcome - New Zealander.
Totally fair and objective stuff🙌
Saw a video of an eMTB with this type of shifting. Its definitly the future there considering the derailure is under way more stress on a good ebike
👍
Have to troll you a little bit, you're talking about car gearboxes, but you showed a transfer case on screen!
I've been riding a priority 600x pinion/belt drive for 2.5 yrs, sligtly less efficient than chain/cassette drive but I'm not racing or competing.  The shifting is great, belt drive is smooth and quiet.  Best advantage (imo) is there is not a drop of oil on outside of bike and very happy not to have to periodically clean/degrease/oil anything.  I've been wondering why we don't see more of these drivetrains.
Soo…what your saying is I can sound like I’m on an e-bike without having the fun of an e-bike? Take my money. 🤣
Cool Jeep Wrangler tj
I'd love a gearbox bike, but it seems hard to get one in Canada — at least out here in the middle of the prairies. This is despite Bombardier having purchased a majority share in Pinion. Gotta save up anyway. Maybe I'll find a model I can import next year or something.
Comment algorithm compliance
Funny thing i live right next village to pinion :P. they are also great on travel bikes.
F- grip shifters.
Seth you should check out the new BRIGHT racing fork and do a review on it or do a over kill build.
Always quality vids from Seth 💯👍🇬🇧🇺🇲🙏
I'll ride anything that works 😮🤠🤟
Perfect for commuting and multiple days of traveling! Also consider a Rohloff…. 😊
I think the biggest reason they aren’t as common is because they need a compatible frame to work with and those same frames are not compatible with traditional bottom brackets either. It’s less about upgrading your drivetrain and more about getting an entirely new bike. I’m sure established bike manufacturers have a harder time adapting to pinion because they don’t want to invest all the money into retooling their frame production to accept the gearbox and selling the bike for $1600 more than it would with a traditional derailleur.
How about Pinion vs Rohloff? I love my Rohloff for fatbike exploring because it doesn't get dirty as easily as a derailleur.
Awesome cool bike lovet
Just had a derailleur failure at the bike park. My buddy was having chain issues. A trans on a bike sounds great
As a slightly overweight 40 something dude that just likes to go tool around on trails and hates the nuances of making sure the "conventional drivetraine" is lined up and working correctly. This might be my answer.
I don't always revmatch my car, but when I do, I throw the keys away 😁
EVERYTHING on a bike has good and bad outcomes, regardless of what you're tuning.
Both my bikes (a city bike, and a hybrid (I guess) road bike, both steel framed) have sturmey-archer rear hub gearboxes. They're probably not good for mountain biking, with the weight at the back wheel, but they've been fantastic for my use case. The hybrid is my commuter and I usually take some shortcuts through trails. The only problems I have are because I don't have a proper chaincase for that one, and it gets dirt in the chain.  Mine are old, and only have 3 speeds but that's all I need haha. I overhauled one about 700km ago and I should be good for another 2 or 3,000km yet. I'm never going back to derailuers haha Sturmey-Archer ones go up to 8 speed, and can have drum brakes - which aren't the best on steep downhills but they are at least consistent. (My commuter has rim brakes and they suck when it's wet) Shimano makes hub gearboxes as well, and they go up to 11 speed!  They work best with horizontal dropouts, but I think they can be made to work with vertical dropouts, too. And they're quite a bit cheaper than bottom bracket gearboxes.
What weight/ type of oil does the gear box use?
have you reviewed a Roholoff hub?  while it puts the weight into the rear hub, you can put it on any bike.  curious if the drag is similar.  I see a lot of bikepackers / ultra folks use them in their vids, due to the reliability you mentioned
Grip shift for $1600? Pass.
I’ve ridden many miles on bikes with Alfine and Rohloff hubs and one advantage not mentioned in the ability to shift multiple gears while stopped or very quickly go through a bunch of gears quickly. That kinda changed how I ride in the city.   For not a ton of money you can get a new Alfine 11-speed hub and adapt it to many bikes, old and new. And the trigger shifter is great.
I drive now for 2 months with a Pinion gearbox and never want anything else. This works super well and wear is no longer an issue.    You also notice how positive the weight savings on the rear wheel for the function of the suspension is.   And btw: compares times the weight of a Pinion transmission with a new SRAM group ...
those blue belts on e bikes last litteraly 30000 to 40000 km's with a near constant presure of 70 or 80 newtons. its litteraly a next owner problem unless youre comitted enough. i hope one of these companies put some effort into these gearboxes and makes something that mounts into the bottom bracket like the bafang ebike conversion kits do.
That jockey wheel being so close to rear tyre is enough to put me off. It looks even more prone to jamming up with mud than the front mech.
When is someone going to come out with an automatic (AND NON BATTERY POWERED) bike transmission?
Stealth bomber b52 has electronic  sequential gearbox . Just 2 buttons,   + and -
How does it compare to a Rohloff internal gear hub?
Been riding a gates belt system on my single speed for about three years now and getting more and more disgusted with my other bikes having conventional chain drives. It can really not be overstated how reliable and hassle-free this system is. Not to mention absolutely quiet if you have a frame with a single-speed dropout to tighten the belt and don‘t need to use a belt tensioner. I doubt I‘ll ever go back, especially on commuter bikes. MTB is a different thing still, but I‘ve been curious to try a Pinion or Rohloff for a while now. The only reason I haven‘t is their price tag.
Dirt? No problem with a waxxed chain :D Still would like a gear box though!
its expensive, its unknown to most people and for the price the shifter really should have electronic shifters
Shimano holds a few patents in gearboxes, but don't built them...
The efficiency is even worth when combined with a belt drive, there is at least a 10% delta in efficiency between a chain and a belt, i can guarantee you, you will feel the difference.
Hei Seth, I was really wondering when you will aproach this topic. Apart from e-bikes, I see this kind of drivetrain usefull for gravelbikes. I saw a few months ago an review made by a couple that were traveling across several countries on their bikes. The belt is very strong and can go through water, mud, dirt and all kind of conditions. From what they said from experience, in the amount they used the belt, they would have changed about 3 chains and maybe an casette or something. So yes, you have pointed exactly the segment of people who would by such a bike.
Grip shifter big no no
You missed the fact that you need to let off the power you pedal with, a bit more than a traditionel chain. In a crutial situation it is important, like if you hit a turn in a too high gear, and need to let off the power while turning.
The problem with gearboxes is they go against the whole Point of bicycles (lightweight and efficient) there can be as many other benefits as you like but if it’s heavy and inefficient it’s not worth it, sacrificing weight or efficiency individually is acceptable if other benefits make it worth it but once you loose both you’re defeating the point of a bicycle in some ways the e-bike thing actually makes the problem worse because shifting under load in gearboxes isn’t good, they only make sense in that a weight increase on an e-bike is less significant and you don’t notice the efficiency loss when there’s a motor helping. In short there’s a reason 95%+ of bikes don’t use them
pronounciation of taniwha was criminal lol
Several commenters note that the gearbox reduces the unsuspended weight in the rear and should noticeably improve rear suspension. Did you notice that?
Translation: I'm messing around with another bike most of you can't afford.
So your cranks are held by 6 bolts onto the frame. Which is why i never saw seth jumping the bike 🤣
The Pinion MGU already makes so much sense for e-MTB's from reliability, to unsprung weight off of the rear wheel (and only adds a few hundred grams over a regular drivetrain). Once they make a gearbox within a few hundred grams of a regular analog-MTB's drivetrain and very efficient, they will soon take over. Not to mention, there would be a massive benefit in terms of pedalling by taking a heavy cassette off of the rear wheel.
hope you can give a Cavalier bike (Effigear-equipped) a try and see how it compares
I'm rocking an IGH (shimano alfine 8) with a mid drive motor, and I LOVE it, and that's basically the same thing.  I do run it mostly as a commuter though.
Ty, this video came at a good time for me. Please talk about Light electric mountain bikes soon.
The commuter bike is interesting, but I don't see a lot of advantages there compared to an 8 spd internal-geared hub (which you can also run a belt drive with).   The internal hub is likely to also be a good bit cheaper.
Just couldn’t get over the grip shift on a mtb, my thumbs are ripped up enough as is the extra bulk would be a killer
Would seem to be an ideal candidate for inclusion on an eBike where the potential weight and drag can be offset with a little less battery life.  This trade-off really wouldn't effect the immediate experience but would, of course, ultimately decrease battery life.  But a great place to work it all out.....
I've been wanting the Kindernay gear box, but it seems to always be out of stock! Has regular gear shifters, no twist shift
Where did you get the jeep Seth?
I had been wondering this for a long time actually, thank you for the video!
Pretty sure there are some gearboxes by Shimano
Didn't honda build a super badass gearbox bike, race it like twice, then say ok cool and not develop it anymore? or am i thinking of something else
For the companies one of the reasons may be it costs too much to invest in a new kind of products. Developing and improving existing technologies surely costs less than setting up a whole new R&D department for a new system, which they don't have as much experience about.
Note how Seth is wearing a “less is more T-shirt” … am I the only we seeing the connection?
I've ridden a ton of different bikes at Highland and the Taniwha felt the best in my opinion. The massive reduction in un-sprung weight in the rear makes the backend feel like it's not even there. Spins well too with all that weight moved to the center. The G2 is fun too! Now I want to try the new G3. It's like if this Zerode Taniwha and a Forbbiden Dreadnought had a baby 😂
I love my derailleur. Even with low maintenance, it just runs for years before parts need replacement. I usually drive with a mudguard, that protects the "open transmissions" from mud and water spraying. What spare parts would you bring for it on a longer trip? and how long time does it take to replace the derailleur, say I have a spare, that's already asempled?
It's just the grip shift for me. I love the low maintenance and not having to worry about bashing it into a rock but I hate grip shift
Taniwha is māori so you would pronounce it like (tahneè-fa)
a very important difference is the low mass at the rear wheel the best suspension works. I think it will be at downhill / enduro races soon.
Seth I’m so glad your free of any specific bike brand!!!! Keep this type of content coming!
Is there like a cheap but desent gearbox for someone who goes mostly downhill and aint so picky whenever he goes on the flat?
SETH IM THE KIND OF CRAZY PERSON WHO WOULD CHOOSE TECHNICAL INFERIOR PERFORMANCE AND HIGH PRICING COZ I JUST LIKE STUFF THAT ARE WELL MADE
TLDR: What's the deal with gearboxes? The pedaling efficiency is bad.
Interesting except for the grip shift. When those were popular, I knew the fad would go away. You compromise your grip when you shift which is not good.  Surprised to see that it's back on this.
Got the breezer beltway.... from a nerd but I don't maintain my bike so I guess we chose wisely 🤣
What is the best bike lock? Please stay safe .
I think the worst down side on this particular gearbox drivetrain is the gripshift... are there any gearbox with normal push shifter?
🚲🚲🚲🚲
Would that belt drive stand up to high torque? I remember snapping chains racing BMX and it was the worst.   I would love to see some powerful legs putting that belt to the test!
Neat!
Great to see a balanced review of the Zerode. I’ve been on one for over two years and can’t see myself ever going back.  Your pros and cons were on the money. Nice work - as always. 👍
Never knew this existed. I was wondering why there wasn’t some sort of cvt like in a car, but I never imagined having a full blown gearbox. It seems like a cvt would be ideal in a bike and you would never shift gears again 🤔
Is this video a gorilla operation of Big Gear Box!?
They are probably so rare because they are expensive, you need a specific bike frame, and spare part's aren't as widely available as for derailleur systems.
This stuff is good, I use to ride 5 speed SACHS rear hub who is now owned by SRAM, you can change speed even when not pedalling. Very easy to maintain, I would try ROHLOFF with 14 gears but it's too expensive for me
I just buy your whole merchandise than this gear box system 😅
Now we need a video on gearbox hubs
Ryan van duzer has worked with priority bikes  and they built one for bike packing. He has put thousands of miles on his bike. He has videos on the the bike .
What about rear hub transmissions? Any review of those?
1600$  🤣😂😅🙄
How do you replace the belt?
The best thing is that Pinion released their own E-Bike motor with integrated gearbox. That makes the most sense, since the gearbox drag is going to be negligible on an E-Bike. Right now I'm riding a Turbo Levo and I can't wait to get my hands on Pinion E-Bike.
Don't shimano already have a gearbox system the alfine
Well I was thinking about fabricating a bike frame with pinion in mind but the $1600 price tag makes me reconsider this 🤣
How many watts does a gear box cost over a conventional modern derailleur system, 10, 20, 50?
Mtb's = 1 x chain drivetrain. All other bicycles either 2x or 3x with a FD, or... Rohloff.
An interesting thing of note on this, because I saw the price tag caveat coming from a mile away- these kinds of self-contained gearboxes, especially crammed into a space as small as these, require a *significant* degree of precision, and very tight tolerances on the machined parts within. To a degree a cassette *really doesn't.*  This essentially means that the *minimum* cost of manufacture for this kind of product is a non-insubstantial amount higher than that of the alternative, which is likely a big contributor as to why it's not that common. Transmission gearboxes are high-precision pieces of machinery! Cassettes are just big cogs.    Also, if it's a set of gears of differing ratios and a mechanism that changes which particular gear is currently responsible for transmitting power, it's a transmission by most definitions, whether those gears are encompassed in a box or not. I know this isn't the video about the derailleur/cassette product called the Transmission, but you brought it up, and it's been bugging me since that video!
My commute bike has an internal hub gearbox with a belt drive.  It's pretty nice!
Perfect drivetrain for Tour Divide racing.
Wouldn’t this be best used on a downhill bike? No cassette no derailer. I would assume also way quieter
I love gear boxes— I’m just waiting for the price to come down a bit to get one!
5:00 good video, but they're not planetary gears.  Those would often be used in an automatic gear box. This one is closer to a manually gearbox and doesn't have them.
Mo' parts, mo' problems
Great video.  They now have and electronic shifting system that ditches the grip shift.  I’m gonna eventually get a bike with one of these.  Chains etc are a PITA
The idea that Gearboxs and internal gear hubs have less maintenance requirements is bullshit.  I have a kindernay vii and it has been the most unreliable PoS.  Un-ending problems with the hydraulics, leaking fittings, leaking bleed screws, shift block replaced under warranty.  The chain tensioner fell apart after a couple of hundred KMs.  The gearbox leaked all the oil out before the first 500km oil change.  Just an absolute lemon
7:20 That's the transfer case
This is cool but it looks stupid
Good video man, I like the layout, delivery, and scenery. Also all I could think of watching you do that trail is how many spider webs you went through. Gick.
What happened to Kindernay? They are all out of stock. All the same benefits of pinion except the unsprung mass and doesn't seem to take a belt, but it can also fit on any bike that would normally take a derailleur and uses a trigger shifter.
Got to ride a Gates Carbon drive train at Outerbike and was really impressed. Admittedly the twist shift feels “old school” but reliability is key!
It sounded like a little bear cub was chasing you.
Hell I didn't know gearbox bikes existed until Rob Rides showcased that sweet new E-bike combo. I'm stoked to try it out.
Amazed you still haven't head of the Millyard MR001 that's the only bike of the last 20 years with any real drivetrain innovation
Shimano has actually something like gearbox - hubs Nexus and Alfine, but I guess they are more aimed for commuters etc
Dude finally, I've been waiting for years to hear your views on gearboxes! I have a belt drive commuter with a Shimano alfine11 and absolutely became a belt convert. Still ride my derailleur MTB sometimes but it feels so weird now. I've ridden the commuter on some MTB trails and it handled it like a champ, thin tires were terrifying but worked out ok. So I know belly+huh gear is fine on MTB but so annoyed they're so expensive. Big derailleur indeed!  My MTB badly needs a drive train overhaul, chain is stretched etc but really can't see myself spending on it, I want a priority 600x to replace both bikes!
Who makes gearbox frames?
electric, mid-drive, gearbox, front wheel electric motor, 2WD/AWD, mountain bike 😯
Got a friend whose cousin rides around Europe and he went from a Rohloff hub to a gearbox about a year ago, he's very satisfied with the switch. He says it's great for long rides where you don't have an option to fix the bike out on the road if something goes awry and the belt drive is great too.
An Amercian that knows how to use a manual?
I had to look up Type II fun and I wasn't disappointed
In my opinion the biggest advantage of a gearbox is that if you crash your bike you don’t brake your derailleur. At the moment I drive single speed on my torque because it’s way too expensive to buy or repair the derailleur if I fall on it.
Must be the reason why all tinfoil is constantly sold out.
Хочу Зероду на пиньене) Хороший байк.
Zerode *Tar-knee-far
a buddy of mine in 2014 had this super weird 2-speed transmission inside his cranks, it was called duseldorf or something german like that, I never understood how that worked and never seen it anywhere else
I’m waiting for a manual CVT drivetrain to come out… not sure how it would be applied on a bike frame, since you might need more room for the expanding cone pulleys. But that’s been on of my “shower thoughts” for some time now! 😂
I think belt drive gear box would pair beautifully with onyx hubs, silent ride and better engagement
One guy actually tried to fix broken pinion and found that bearings inside are very fragile small and non-standart. So pinion not really bulletproof and reliable.
The pinion system is a game changer...but wait until you try out the automatic e-bike version!!!!!!!!
Great video! It may be interesting to compare gearbox bikes with internal shifting ones. The idea is more or less the same, and there are even bikes with belt drives, and Big Derailleur has been making them for a while.
Why Shimano nexus hub was missing 😮?
I'll definitely be borrowing, "type two fun", in the future.
I commute on alfine11, not as fancy as rhollof or pinion but very weather proof
"Warter" 😄
I have one belt and hub-geared e-commute bike, and I think it's perfect there, would 100% recommend. On my road or MTB though, the caveats you've mentioned make it a big no-no for me
1600 price tag is main problem for most ppl 😂 will stick to deore fo 99
HOLD UP, As a fellow kiwi I have to correct you on pronouncing Taniwha (Ta-Knee-Fa). Good try though, love the vids ❤
Has Seth been hiding a Jeep from us this whole time and just pretended he drives trucks people love to hate?
A lot of the cons you mentioned are just monopoly issues, manufacturers and bike companies unwilling to invest or take leaps to implament this technology (mtb specifically). In my eyes, asides from the price, it's better in every aspect for mountain biking. The weight is negligible, your gears shift 100% of the time, a chain can't fall of, your drivetrain is completely safe from external elements or being bent like a derailleur, shifting can be that same seamless shifting like in srams eagle axs with no 'rev matching', and the belt is nearly indestructable compared to a chain. It's also completely possible to have an internal gearbox with a chain instead of a belt too, if the direct to power efficiency bothers you.  I think if you really want to see the capabilities of a internal gearbox on a mountain bike, Allen Millyard's custom hand built MR002 mountain bike on YouTube he made for his son is a testament to how much better internal gearboxes really are. His internal gearbox is perfect in my eyes and he even implemented the chain into the swingarm so nothing from the drivetrain is visible besides the back wheel!
i follow ryan van duzer, hes a bike packer n this is the only drivetrain he runs for actual cross country exploration. pretty sweet setup in my opinion.
Has anyone else noticed for a while now Seth's helmet visor is crooked for the first half of his videos and straightened out on the second half? I can't not notice it now
I have been using a rohloff speedhub for over 10 years now on my mountainbikes. Still the same gearbox, never did any maintenance except the yearly oil change. I think Rohloff is even more rare than Pinion as i often see people looking at it with big question marks above their heads. I even had a guy once saying to me "Who needs gears", thinking i was riding arroudn witouth any gears lol.  The downsides for Rohloff and pinion are pretty much the same, my brother has a pinion system. Efficiency loss is really the only downside these systems have. It is not massive, probably a couple percent, but it is definatly there. Unless you are a top ride you will never notice this though. And you could argue that this time loss is easily won back by never having a chain breaking, never having a chain running off, never not getting in gear in time etc.   As for the best non conventional system. I think for mountainbiking Pinion has a small edge over Rohloff, just because of weight distribution that is important when doing major jumps.
I much prefer my wireless drivetrain. 2.4ghz connection, very reliable, very efficient, minimal latency.
Is that old jeep yours seth? Cool!
Zerode is the Best bike i have ridden 🥇I would love an ebike zerode taniwha
I've only ever seen one in person, and when I asked the owner about it, he said that he was only aware of two in our state.
My friend got a zerode dh bike with a gear box and it looks awesome but the perks are that you can’t clip the derailleur on a rock because it has no physical derailleur
It hurts drivetrain efficiency. And that kills the liveliness of the bike. Not for me.
Zerode!! Straight out of New Zealand!!
Where is that shirt from?
sorry seth but you pronounced taniwha wrong drag out the first a in the name, im from nz taniwha is like one of our mythical creatures, good video and love the channel by the way
Yes, it’s all true. I’m not racing, I don’t like maintenance so I coupled it with a lauf TR boost fork. You win some, you loose some…
I like to ride enduros and build my bikes to be as bulletproof as possible with ease of maintenance in mind. The expense is the only thing holding me back from jumping on one at the moment. But in my o-pinion the positives far outweigh the negatives 😂
The new e-bike motor+gearbox from pinion is sweet. No pedaling efficiency to care about, shifting is electronic, and the price for other motors is already high, so a bit more for peace of mind would be fine. We are looking ahead for big breakthroughs in MTB.
What percentage of Pinion gearboxes are on commuters/hybrids versus mountain bikes?  That explains why MTBers don't see them.
Thank you for this video, I was waiting for it from you for years 🙂 Being one of those gearbox enthusiasts, I have one thing to add: efficiency is not that bad as it may sound from your vid, difference betweens factory fresh piece and meshed in one is significant. Also that efficiency stays there no matter what, so if you have well maintained, clean deraileur, you can beat gearbox. Once you start clogging it with mud or whatever, conventional system starts taking a nosedive, while gearbox is still as "ineficient" as it was in the begining. So yeah, enduro, MTBO, commuters, long distance travellers...  You should really try it in a long term, because that is where it shines the best...
Will this mean that I'm the future, expensive derailers will be thrown out bye rich people
This was the bike I wanted to buy 3 years ago but 29er sizes were too large. Then I discovered the Instinctiv brand and took delivery of a M9 last year. It can be ordered with a tigger shifter another advantage of a gearbox bike is the rear wheel isn’t dished. It’s probably stronger than the front wheel. My bike is modified with a Pinion rear spider equipped with a 36 tooth narrow wide chainring.  The first gear is super low and the frame holds 2 water bottles. The perfect bike for an old guy in British Columbia and I get constantly asked if it’s an  e-bike.
or you can put a rolhoff hub in almost any frame and get the same advantages/disadvantages abet some extra rear weight
The obvious elephant in the room and why they (probably) won't ever catch on is...   you cant just take one manufacture's gearbox and put it on some (any) other manufacturer's frame.  ... like a derailleur.
Today I learned “big derailleur” exists 😂
Nz design some mint bikes
Perfect for an eMTB,  who cares about an obsolete acoustic MTB. Never going back to the old school.
For anyone living under a rock, really good news Pinion just came out with their first motor gear box system for e-bikes.   Derailers are doomed!!😂
Definitely learned something. I never knew!!
Since wireless is all the rage nowadays why not a wireless gearbox since the grip shifter is the biggest drawback of gearbox bikes
Sram is all over making the drivetrain bombproof but gearbox is the solution that really needs to be improved
Seth! Can we please get a video on that Jeep TJ you were driving?
I'm upset that I lost my gear box belt driven bicycle stolen from me. If there are honest people out there please help me find my stolen priority 600 bicycle. There is a $200 reward for returning this bicycle.
Over 211 watts, belt drive and gearbox is more efficient
Not exactly what he has, but as someone with 2 14spd Rohloff Speedhubs (Internal gear HUB in the rear where the cassette would be in a traditional setup) I can tell you they are extremely reliable. I had by first problems with them after 9 years of MTB use across about 6000 miles and no maintenance except oil changes. The first one had the chain sprocket break and it was 25 dollar fix I did in 15 minutes. The 2nd one had the shift cables fray and one of the strands got bunched up on the shifter making it so I could only shift between 2 gears, this was a 40 dollar 1 hour fix. I also ride year around in all conditions including snowy/icy conditions with salt on the road/paved trails. EDIT: one of the bonuses of a Rohloff Hub over Pinion is efficiency. Rohloff Hubs are about 92-95% efficient. Derailleurs when clean and new are 95-97% efficient, however this deteriorates over time as they get dirty and worn. You can lose as much as 8% efficiency on derailleur if its filthy and rubbing and not indexed correctly. This never happens with a Rohloff. I do have to admit, it does add an extra pound to the rear wheel which will effect how rear suspension handles though.
What Seth forgot to mention is how much money an avid rider spends on wear and tear with a conventional drivetrain. During a five year ownership, you will spend thousands on chain, cassette, an occasional derailleur and labor fees if you’re not capable to work on your own bike.  So Big Drivetrain is not so far fetched. They would lose a significant amount of money just on replacement parts if gearboxes would become mainstream.  They’re just like Big Pharma. They are not working on to cure you, they’re interested in maintaining your ‘health’. And that is enough for the majority.
i got a pinion commuter and the reliability is out of this world. really gives me easy of mind for the early morning shift that starts at 4am.
Cool impression video!
Maybe if it didn’t hVe grip shift
I picked up a Priority 600X almost 2 years ago now. It has over 1300 maintenance free miles thus far on it. It hauls all my bikepacking gear for me and I love this bike!
Lookit my boy’s slick TJ. Clean looking keep baby.
You should review an MTB with a driveshaft.
No mention of the Pinion MGU?  That’s got to be one of the most exciting things to come out recently.
I have a Zerode Taniwha and love the bike. I must commend you on pronouncing Taniwha correctly. Very few people do.😃
For a guy that just had another child come into your life, the content is still flowing! That's such a cool bike! You should build a "moto" bike with the crazy extender on the handlebars and a gear box
Not sure if it counts as "the wild".  I saw one in a shop.  I was getting something taken care of and another guy came to pick it up. Everyone was looking at it like we were on an African safari, staying quiet and looking from beyond the racks.
"hold on I have to change my bikes oil."
The grip shift is why I don't want this
One day the Chinese will use economy of scale and bring the price down. I like grip shifters vs. thumb shifting, I injured my thumb on a long ride. I do like the idea of belt drive and pinion gears but too expensive for me.
I have a hybrid with a pinion gearbox. It’s awesome.
I had a rental bike at a hotel with a gearbox shifter and it didn’t have gears. You could literally slide the gear and stop it anywhere. It was so smooth and such a comfy ride. I went up some steep ish hills and back down them but nothing too straining so I’m not too sure how it would handle that. Overall it’s an interesting part and is worth trying if you have the option. 👍
If you do tech than this might be perfect because it is very easy to smash your Derailer
I noticed a Pheonixville bike park water bottle, does anyone know if Seth has been there or sponsored it in any way?
Been riding with a gearbox and belt for almost 2 years now and NEVER going back to derailleurs!   I was always astounded with perfectly fine cassettes being thrown away because my chain needed replacement ‘and so did my cassette’ to match the new chain. Bumped my derailleur so many times, went through hanger after hanger, got dirty and spent so much time being frustrated by my drivetrain… my Pinion gearbox fixed all of that.   Anyone reading this who wants to travel by bike — get a gearbox bike!
Ryan Van Duzer uses them on his super long-distance touring/bikepacking bikes. Mostly for the little to no maintenance reasons.
Simplicity aides repair ability even though a gear box is more reliable and less maintenance if you do manage to break it self repair is probably expensive in time and parts.  I like belt drive for the durability and ease but I wish they were more popular so the price goes down.  I still think a derailer beats complicated gearing in so many ways.
Gearboxes are the fuel cells of the bike world
Love many things about gearboxes and the one on my katipo, but the crank engagement especially mated with a freewheel is atrocious. Changing your mindset about how to shift takes some time, but is worth the while. Fun experience in most cases but the pedal slop is enough to keep me away until they try again.
“you could even call it… a transmission” 😂 I love it
I live in the city that zeroes are made in and you see them all over the place
Hey Seth! Don’t you think gear box is better? Cause the force you apply is directly to the gear box. For me it is.
Commute daily on a belt driven moto. A belt can last up too 100k miles in some circumstances. Belts are rad.
Gearboxes and e bikes will take bicycles out of the purely recreational category.
Thanks for doing this one. I was one of the people that wanted your take on them.
Seth, Its pronounced Ta nee faa
Hi Seth, back in the day there used to be an infomercial about automatic shifting bicycle. Could make a video on that bike (provided if you can find one in the jungle😅)?
Room for improvement and possible game changer. Think about a year from now and how they can make it better. This seems like an awesome addition for downhill riders
this guys vids never fails to entertain me
Im working in something like PINION on a new bike for Mondraker Bikes here in Spain on a new Endurance/Freeride model named PLUNDER V2
shimano legit make internal gear hubs there the same thing mint for going to work but imo that about all
Finally!!! A proper video on the Pinion!! There are a few other brands that have frames for the Pinion, Nicolai (Alloy) and Olsen (Titanium). The Zerode is carbon. My next bike is going to be the Nicolai Saturn 14. Thank you Seth for making this.
Onyx hub with a belt driven Pinion gearbox is my dream commuter. No sound, just gliding through the city. 💆
I'm surprised Seth can reach the clutch 😂 in his Jeep
imagine a Mountain Bike With a clutch. That would be so fun!!
“Big Derailuure” aka Shimano makes Alfine and Nexxus hub drives. Sram bought out a German hub gear manufacturer Sachs awhile back. Then there’s Rolhoff. As far as I can tell, the only thing new about the Pinion is its location at the crank.
The problem is those are only 87% as efficient as regular gearing. Especially in mountain biking the last thing you need is something adding more difficulty. Even if it’s just a little harder, it adds up over a long ride
I've had a few belt and gearbox videos pop up mostly for touring and I've been intreuged by the idea of having one on a mtb and I'm glad someone who knows more about moutian biking than me talk about. Though I guess I'm more of a purist than I though when I see people talking about them being perfect for ebikes as I kinda struggle to really see a difference between that and riding a dirt bike at that point.
Shimano do gearboxes – I have an 8-speed Alfine on my cargo bike. It's great! You aren't supposed to stand and pedal but that doesn't really work on a cargo bike anyway.  Never really notice the additional friction, though the Douze V2 is already 10KG heavier than my MTBs.  Still running the chain it came with 2 years ago, and that was second hand. With how much I've ridden it, I'd be four chains and at least one cassette down by now if it was a derailleur. It's also much easier to spell.
If you were Minnesotan, you'd be saying "It's loud and shifts weird and I don't want it since I'm willing to maintain my bike"  LoL.
I have two Pinion gear box bikes myself. Currently the newest and my main one is a Titanium Olsen Swan built with XC components and running gravel tires. I use it for everything, commuting, road riding trail riding, dirt road riding, bikebacking, ect.. You were the influence for me to look into a Titanium bike. Wish I would have done it sooner.  I have a Priority 600x I'd be willing to let you borrow if you are serious about using the gearbox again.
The transmission losses are higher than for DR bikes, but if you are not doing XC, gravel or road racing then a gearbox bike makes a lot of sense.  Belt drives require a splitable rear triangle.
Seth low-key flexin with his new TJ. Hope you make a video on it soon.
Great video
I heard some can shift while back pedaling??
1600 is crazy money ; all my 3 motorcycles cost less than that 2nd hand...
Message for Pinion...develop a trigger shifter 😊
Had a hub gear with belt on my commuter for years and it has been absolutely fantastic. Literally zero maintenance.
Now see this is what I haven’t been able to wrap my head around. The MTB industry has made so many modern technological advances like electronic shifting, hydraulic brakes, tubeless tires, carbon wheels, and fully electronic suspension. So the question I have been trying to understand is, why are we still using this antiquated transmission?  Now I know some will say it’s because of the weight. Well yeas but by how much? With advances in cabin fiber you could make the some of the transmission out of that and internals from Ti.
Lemme just change my mtbs transmission fluid😂👍
this is cool and all but i dont like the bike industry leaning towards these bikes that cost more then cars...
Go to Rotorua and you see these everywhere, so good for not having to deal with derailleurs being weird
Honestly, this drivetrain belongs on ALL rented downhill bikes. Less maintenance
First learned of these through Bicycle Touring Pro on his CoMotion Cycles touring bike; great alternative to a Rohloff for those riding thousands of miles without maintenance.  CoMotion even has tandems with the Pinion.  After watching this it makes perfect sense that Pinion just released an ebike version of this :)
Gear boxes are great in some situations, as Seth mentioned. Especially for commuter bike in Europe, they love them. On ebikes, they are one of the best solutions. But the efficiency problem is not going away. They won't sell this to the same customer that is spending an extra $3k to drop 500 grams from the weight of his bike. There are 2 basic types of gearing, spur gears and planetary gears. Planetary gears are much more efficient, but even those will never be better than 95% efficient. Spur gear efficiency can drop to 75% on low ratios. And unfortunately, its really difficult to make a planetary box with 10-12 speeds, so they need to be standard spur gear transmissions. The belt drive gives up at least another 5%, especially when pushing hard, where you need that 5%. And the cost. When you consider that most customers willing to spend big money are also looking for the most efficient solution, this excludes 95% of their market from even considering it. So, the rear derailleur is probably not going away any time soon.  And the other really major point is RACING. Most tech trickles down from race. So until a racer can begin winning races with a gearbox, its just not going to make it to the masses. I don't anticipate anyone winning the Tour de France with a gearbox.
I wonder if using an oil additive like mcr x1r or Mecarun p18 would improve the drag of those gearboxes
Pinion just unveiled its new Smart Shift electronic trigger shifter, so those who hate grip shift have an alternative. It also is supposed to address the need to soft pedal while shifting; the system detects the best moment to shift (i.e., when your pedals are at 12 and 6, and shifts then). I've been riding the Priority 600X for about six months and love it for bikepacking/rugged touring. I'm not completely giving up on derailleurs though. I will probably continue to use a lighter bike with derailleur so that I can actually keep up with others on single-day gravel rides. My absolute bulldozer of a gearbox bike definitely keeps me in shape!
When a SRAM Eagle cassette at my shop starts at around $500 for a replacement and upwards of $1000 (New Zealand Dollars) my boss and I have to scratch our heads. Not to mention the only options you have is what size chainring you want with that... All of my bikes are 7 or 8 speed these days, some of them are even friction shifted. I refuse to go beyond 10 speed and find with a front derailleur I get a 600% range or more, and a much friendlier chainline in the extremes.  That said, gearboxes have no place in racing (Honda merely used a derailleur in their latest iteration DH bikes, that's why they tried so hard to keep it a secret), and marketing is entirely focused on racing and performance even though very few of us actually race.  I've ridden a bike with a Pinion, it rides exceptionally well but it's still (as the french would call an English-made Sturmey Archer hub) a "friction box". Especially with a belt drive on top of that. The lack of weight in the rear wheel is nice for your big squishy bikes, little difference for a hardtail.
Literal best videos on YouTube. Preciate you
I was thinking about getting a zerode taniwha because of the pinion and belt drive. But there was no way to test drive one anywhere on the east coast. And 8 or 9 grand for something I can’t even touch before I buy it was too much of a risk.
It would be good on ebikes because it would be stronger and it won't wear out, I've had it on ebikes where my cassettes have started jumping because of the power from the motor, and when you have it on an ebike it doesn't matter about weight or friction
Grip shift 🤢
Did you notice anything from the reduced unsprung weight on the rear wheel? Sometimes I feel this is a myth. Then again, unsprung mass is definitively a thing.
Nice to see a Zerode on your channel - too expensive for my budget!
I've never tried a belt drive gearbox. Thanks for sharing. Seems worth a look if I change bikes.
Now I want a mountain bike with an actual manual transmission scaled down and like a car shift pattern and a clutch that you got to use, for absolutely no other reason than it’s cool af. And stupid, I like stupid bikes. I’ll have to get on that….
TEAM DUZER!
It's the Zerode tuh-knee-farh, Taniwha It's a Maori word, which is the indigenous language of new Zealand where it is produced.
Seth needs to try a Starling Spur, I think he’d love it
Heavy, expensive, compatibility issues... Only really makes sense for gravity riders and people who regularly ride in sloppy conditions?  That's EXACTLY what we said about disc brakes in the 90's
My commuter bike is such a mess right now, I'd love a gearbox like this on it.
Wow...i've been out of the mountain bike game for a long time.  I didn't even know these existed!
How about a video on automatic drives.
Isn’t there A better version of this available now like A electric version ? (Not E-bike) Remember bumping into A guy who was using this to bike pack in India.
The pinion gearbox has a break in period. It will have far less drag and shift easier and smoother after it is worn in.
I liked this video, it felt more like Seth's old videos from florida.
Congratulations Seth , You might be the first non-Kiwi to correctly pronounce Taniwha . Waiting for Zerode to produce an EMTB then gonna buy one when I retire in  a couple of years
Living in New Zealand we see a fair few zerodes/pinions   Having pedalled a few, one comment I have is that when you are pedalling and shifting at the same time, it will stay in the original gear until you let off the pressure. Meaning you can’t shift during a wheelie ect..   Simply put you cannot shift under load, not that it’s ill advised, but rather mechanically you cannot  (or at least that used to be the case)
Seth is literally paid for by the bike industrial complex.
I wonder why nobody has tried putting a hub gearbox on a mtb jet? (Those are gearboxes that are made to replace your rear hub) in the Netherlands those are really common by default on city bikes and e bikes with a front wheel motor. But I haven't seen them on MTB's maybe it's the lack of gears (around 7) or they are not durable enough?
Gearboxes make sense on ebikes, where efficiency is less important because you can increase the battery size by 10% to compensate. Mind you, a dirty and poorly maintained chain loses efficiency also, so the real difference may be smaller than "big derailleur" want us to think.  Pinion released an integrated gearbox/ev motor earlier this year and it looks compelling.  Pinion was bought out by powersport company BRP (Sea-Doo/Can-Am) last year, who are expanding into personal mobility markets, so it will be interesting to see if leads to a better outcome for non-EV bikes or if they get left behind.
Time to test a Rolloff Speedhub. Even more compatibility.
Never seen a Pinion Gearbox in the Wild either, except today. And than your Video about it.
Shimano has a patent laying around for a gearbox drive train but never released it. There was also the Honda prototype downhill bikes from the early to mid 2000s with the gearbox. Unfortunately they were never released to market.
Maybe it's just my car, but I have never ever been able to shift without pushing the clutch. And I have tried.
When are you doing rc cars again I really enjoyed that
Ur ANTI-Emtb bias showing thru again.  A true journalist would have mentioned that Pinion SOLVED the parasitic gearbox loss by ADDING a motor/battery==> mountain biking perfection for the masses and particularly for the 45 and older crowd.
I do think there is some holdback from "big derailleur." Maybe gearboxes aren't perfect, but neither are derailleurs. I think the future is bright for gearboxes and belt drives.
Efficiency is the big issue, yeah. 5%ish efficiency loss might not sound like much, but it adds up over distance. Though the Pinion gearbox is pretty close to a dirty derailleur drive train, and a dirty chain grinds away at the gears while you ride.
I’ve been riding a Zerode for over 5 years now. Could never go back to the old style derailleur setup. Regarding weight, mine weighs 14.7kg, so not sure what’s on the one in the vid to make it 2kg heavier?. Mine runs a chain, but because the chain is always in a straight line, I haven’t had to replace it yet - 5 years of riding on one chain!
I want a gear box bike so bad
Give me that in a hardtail for a my weekend warrior trail riding.
Please never shift without putting in the clutch at any time, that’s one quick way to ruin a gearbox
You will be surprised over how much time and effort auto manufacturers spend tweaking gearboxes and final drives to achieve better fuel efficiency. Even the oil level matters. Too little oil and you will have a failure but too much will cause drag.
alllrigght hear me out... that appears to have a normal boost setup in the rear. sooo use the 12 speed gear box in the middle. theeennn put a 12 speed high range cassette/ derailleur in the rear. or even better use a 12speed gearbox hub. one shifter on the right, one on the left. 12speedx12speed= 144speed( tons of overlap, but still ridiculous range). for em realy steep hills, and really fast downhills. i have seen 14speed rear hubs, 14speedx12speed= 168speed. full on tractor bike. I need to see this.
I would LOVE to try this out.
I really want a "big derailleur" shirt now! THank you for the video Seth, I didnt even know gearboxes for bikes exist.
Seth, your reviews leave me completely satisfied every time!! Appreciate you sharing with us.
Too much drag, video over ✌️ belt drives mud and rain do not mix.   If you live in a muddy environment it's not the drivetrain choice for you.  How many belt drive dirt bikes do you see?
Did you talk about the noise or lack of while descending?
Big derailleur, huh? I know Seth isn't colossal, but you gotta admit, last two generations are really chunky
...... and there's smart shift (electronic shifting) coming soon for the Pinion gearbox too
In the netherland are most bikes like this with 3 to 8 speed hubtransmission called shimano nexus and i still love it they just ride amazing in our flat country
Gearbox or sram transmission?
Awesome Vid. Love the Zerode.   Taniwha - pronounced... Tah knee faa  ❤ from NZ
I have a belt drive i custom built off a bombtrack frame with a shimano alfine 11. Best bike I have ever had.
Hope you a whole review on the Zerode!
Seth you forgot to put the keys in the ignition when you where rev matching😂 3:05
please get a digit datum on your hands
I come from New Zealand where Zerode is based and several of my friends are on their ambsidor team. also it pronounced Tanifa as opposed to Taniwa (f sound in place of the w).  Lets help the end to big derraliur hope you decide to buy a Zerode (the Tanwha Mulet is amazing)
It'd be fun to see you cross over into doing both commuter and mountain content. People seem to be all in on one or the other,  but I'd love to see you throw knobbies on a step through and throw it down the mountain
But question do u ever go in Ontario Canada????
I'd love this system on my commuter ebike. I experience a ton of salt water on my commute and chain maintenance is much more of a hassle than my old belt drive was. Or even just a belt drive hub shift with a mid drive motor.
there is one large problem with a gear box you forgot, modularity. i like gearboxes, i think they are the future, but for the future (especially for bike parks and gravity), once the product has been evolving for a while. right now if you buy a gearbox bike, you get that 6bolt thing, but in a year is the 6 bolt still the standart? in order to upgrade will i need to buy a new bike with a new standart all the time?   you also have this problem with hub standarts to be fair like the shimano and sram thing, but most brands can offer a simple adaptor kit or you can buy a new hub that is way less expensive than a new frame, im not ready to dish out 3k for a new frame every time the standart changes, i buy a bike and want to keep if for at least 5 years.
Even if I could switch to one of these by welding up a proper frame. I just wouldn't. The reliability is non existent in wet conditions and replacing a belt requires you to disassemble the rear part of the frame. Replacing a worn part is also bound to cost you hundreds of $. Replacing a chainring is only going to cost you maybe 20$. Oh and one thing that you didn't mention. The more this style of gearbox wears out, the more friction you get. Until something gets so worn out that you're better off throwing it away and buying a new one. That usually happens around 20k km. Which can be done in around  two to three years of my commute. I think, I will stick to what has worked best for the last few decades.
Tah-nee-fah, Seth
I have woodworking planer made by grizzly with two speed, and it definitely has a gearbox that I have to keep lubricated. To shift gears, the machine has to be running, can’t be under load and there’s definitely a moment when you feel the machine sync up and the lever shifts changing the speed.  Just thought that was a cool add to things that have gearboxes.
Is Pinion a sponsor?
Hey at the start of the vid what color is that bike u have it looks kinda orange but a lot of mattalck
Lol - Pinion is more of a transmission than Transmission™...So, I've ridden a Pinion and the shifting does require that you hold up a very moment to make a downshift.  The 5% loss in the drivetrain is noticeable, but there is no other drivetrain I'd take on a very long trip.  The first gear is crazy low!
Electric shift pinion ebike from one of the big three. Let’s go!
Another word on suspension: Moving the gearbox to the bottom bracket area takes a bit of weight off the rear triangle. This means the bike has less "unsprung weight" which allows the suspension to function a bit better.
Check out the Implon Rapcon Pmax Pinion It's a gearbox ebike, it's only about 200g heavier than a normal ebike set up.  wireless shift. Auto shift keeps it in your perfect cadence so when you start pedaling again it's in the right gear for the speed you're going and it can auto up and down shift without your input ( you can turn these off ) Start gear, stop the bike and it'll automatically change to your preferred start gear. Change gear without pedaling. Plus all the advantages listed here.  If I had the money I'd have one tomorrow.
I bet the sound would be way less if the gears were helical. Also, much of the drag could be reduced without that massive belt tensioner
You forgot to mention that, yes, the gearbox has more drag than a regular CLEAN drivetrain, although the drag increases with use on a regular drivetrain as dust collects on the chain and cassette and so on, while the gearbox stays the same  So overall it’s not too big of a deal
I've had an internal gear box with belt drivetrain on my commuter bike for about 15 years now. I don't commute much anymore but its amazing. Still on my original belt too. I wouldn't want to use that particular gearbox on a mountain bike though as it just doesn't go low enough for a climbing gear.
Would you switch over to the internal gearbox though?
Just add some friction modifier to it and you are golden.
Pinions new e-motor and gearbox combo is one of the most promising drivetrain solutions out there IMHO; the added weight is almost nothing, the durability (which is and issue with conventional drivetrains on e-bikes), suspension performance improvement and moving unsprung mass down low on the frame – al good things. For e-bikes, it's an actual revolution. Hope you get to test one.
you should do a video with hub gearbox's
Pinion e bike gearbox with motor seems actually mental
Great to see Pinion mentioned on this channel! :) I don't maintain my bikes. I suck at doing that, that is the main reason I ride Pinion since 2012. Currently on my 4th Pinion bike (all Nicolai's) this one with a C 1.12 box. (612% range out of my head.) 1.18 is available, same range, smoother ratio. It is indeed 0 maintenance also in bad bad winter weather. (Rain, snow, mud, salty roads, etc, I don't have a car, so I always commute on this as well.)  Just inject fresh oil once a year, or roughly once a year. I once did no oil change for 2 years, because it is "maintenance", but no problems. :)  The grip shift they use is now quite outdated, later this year they will release the electronic shifter for the general public.   For my riding style it has very little drawbacks. If I have to mention 2: You indeed loose a percentage of the power that is put into it, especially on the higher gears. (I would say 5% average compared to a perfectly new and fresh chain+cassette setup.) I never was able to feel that loss on a full suspension bike, but now that I ride a hardtail, I start to notice it a tiny bit when I put over 330 watts in it, but that is seldom. (But we are nowhere near early Nexus hub levels of loss, or the spongy feeling that gives.) A second issue: in a 12 speed box there is 1 point where you can't shift under load, I think somewhere between 8 and 9 in gears. I have that habit of "clutching" during my shift because of this. I never know when that gear is going to come along. That manual clutching I do now, (0,5 sec off the power) will be done by the electronic shifter in the newer, upcoming box. (probably in a matter of milliseconds, and you can stay on the power.) I don't care about the weight, but the system is in total about 700 grams heavier than XX1. It is heavy, but the weight is in the right place, with very little unsprung mass, a plus for a fully. All in all, very reliable. I ride about 6000km a year without issues, and without maintenance. Yes pricey, but worth it, and I don't own a car, so that money has to be wasted somewhere. :D Oh one last thing: the silence of this drive, especially with belt is something else, it is swooshy, but never grindy so to speak. :)
Seth!!!!??!!!! How in the world did you not mention the Honda downhill race bike with a gearbox!!!??!!!
If they sent it to me, I'd ride it!🤘🏻🤙🏻⚡
Sigh. 😔. Shimano's Alfine 11speed and a Gates Carbon drive has been around much much longer with a regular shifter. They aren't finicky to shift either.
Why no one big company wants to invest on gearboxes? Because gearbox is one time sell. No consumable parts meas couple times less profit in long run. IMHO, thanks to ebikes we are just before real hit on the market. Gearbox never be so popular like standard derailleur because of high price, but it is perfect for trail/enduro bikes where suspension performance and  versality are more important than weight and efficiency. Gearbox just needs to be electronic and AXS system will have no chance.
The main reason you dont see them is efficiency loss. I had a gearbox on my commuter for a while and it feels so bad having (what feels like) 5-10% of your power lost that I swapped it to a single speed. Since cycling is all human power i dont think they will ever be popular, although I could see gearboxes being very popular on e-bikes
^they also have a version with a motor inside
this Pinion Gearbox system has one problem.....Lack of "development"  By now it should be electronic or different style of shifting..(is not a new product or concept) so my conclusion is that the aim is more to commute bikes..This Pinion Gearbox system will take off when they go electronic shifting or different style of shifting for MTB (Trail, Enduro, DH  race minded). clutchless shifting is al about timing so electronic should be the way to go.
I’d love to see a video on the difference between a bike with and without an O-chain
LOL @ "Big Derailleur". Someone should tell the tinfoil hat crowd both Shimano and SRAM make hub gears, which are just gear boxes in a hub. And Shimano also make gear boxes. Well they designed one at least.
Ayeeee good to see you in grandfather!
I recently bought a Zerode Taniwha a few months back and i absolutely love it. Effectively zero maintenance and super reliable. Efficiency is hardly noticeable. Best thing i’ve ever bought and i could never go back to a conventional drive chain, especially since conditions here in the UK are regularly wet and gritty, wearing out chains and derailleurs super quickly. It is just so much better 😂😂
Seth, did you get a TJ wrangler and did we just become best friends?  Side note. The pinion gear box with the built in motor looks like the future of E-bikes.
Right, so you're saying that cars should use derailleurs
The new ebike version of the Pinion has a lot of potential because with a motor, the efficiency problem is all but eliminated.
That grip shift would just piss me off too much 😂
Ahhh… Americans pronouncing Māori words 😅 Ta-knee-fa  Taniwha is a mythical creature from Māori legend
Hi, I own a Zerode  taniwha enduro since a few weeks. Yes, the pinion gesrbox  has at the beginning some noticeable drag, but it wears in and after a few rides with serious climbing the drag is way lower. I also was skeptical about the grip shift, btw Instinctiv bikes offers a trigger shifter for their pinion bikes, but know I think, after getting used to it, it is the best way to go. Cheers
Every time Seth says I hope you learned and something and if not I hope you were entertained… when has Seth ever done a non entertaining video where we didn’t learn something…😂😂😂😂😂
Hey Seth, I recently stumbled upon these types of gearboxes and found as you say that they’re a bit inefficient. So it got me thinking, why is rear wheel hub shifters never seen on mountain bikes?  I read some on Rohloffs website and they claim it has about the same efficiency as derailleurs and has a 523% range and little maintenance, sounds perfect to me but I’ve never seen them used, why not? Would be very thankful for some insight 🤔
If it was more compatible with bottom brackets and older bikes. I would get one in an instant.
That's cool tech. I think for those that ride that type of bike as mentioned, prefer the upsides enough that they don't care about the downsides. I also concur with the Berm Peak Narrator, there are ways to get more efficiency.    That gearbox sounds like it has straight cut gears. Very strong, the downside is that they are noisy. Gleason are much more quiet. Another option are herringbone, but probably not a quiet as Gleason. Then there are the size or number of teeth. Finer gears make less noise. Not that those aren't already fine or Gleason, but they sound like straight cut gears. For the Narrator, your already done with the video. But maybe experimenting with oil could get more efficiency, maybe more noise too. Maybe Pinion will read the post. Small company, but the narrator is correct, in the automotive industry, we use different gears for different purposes. I was trained as a professional automotive tech, so that's why I concur with the narrator.
Wouldn't it be great on DH bikes?
You realise that Magura and Pinion HQ`s are within 20 miles? Just an idea for an roadtrip ;) Let me know if you need to set it up as i might be ....
I wanna see Seth review the electric pinion gearbox
Couldn’t you make it up shift on a left lever and downshift on a right? Sounds like a cool idea vs a grip shift
My neighbor has a Zerode Katipo. It is great except for the amount of engagement it has because of the double freehub in the cranks and the rear wheel. They need to improve that. Otherwise, it's exactly as you say. They need to get better with engagement. Also, his frame only has non boost spacing. Another thing they need to change.
It sounds to me like the tire is rubbing against frame
Gearboxes are sprung weight. Derailleurs are partially unsprung weight. This has big implications for how the suspension performs.
One thing to note of efficiencies, the timing belt actually has nearly the same efficiency as a roller chain, its the gearbox which is the primary cause for the difference in overall efficiency of the system
Love that old TJ
Over at the ENVE Builder Round Up show this  year I saw that Viral's prototype bike had a  Pinion gearbox with a more standard shifter. Sounds like it hasnt been released yet but the dreaded grip shift with Pinion might not be the only option soon. they released this new shifter option for the E-bike version of the gearbox but the one I saw was on a regular bike.
Speaking of RC cars did you get the new trx4m?
Wait , when did a Jeep show up on the Peak?!
There are two reasons why I wouldn't want a gearbox. First is the cost. Assuming that wasn't an issue, there is also the issue with comparability. I like my bike, and I like that I can upgrade it to newer arts if need be. If I got a bike with a gearbox, I'd be both trapped in that platform, assuming the manufacturer doesn't go and change bolt styles and ratios on me so if and when a failure does happen that I'm stuck without a bike until I can get the new platform because "industry moves forward" or whatever.
why you dont see a lot of them ,  they are expensive ,  thery are heavy ,  you lose power , cant chage gear under load ,  and you need a special frame ,  and when something brake you are screw ,,
Belt drive with an Onyx hub on a nice fall morning would be epic!!  Just the tires rolling and your heart beating through your chest on the climbs.  Amazing.
Two years ago I bought a high end trail/enduroMTB bike with a belt drive and rohloff hub made by a small french company..... I love it and have absolutely no regrets!  I don't race, but I do ride long and hard most times.  The clean reliable shifts are fantastic, especially after a day of rain and mud!  I have an Ohlins fork and a monarch rear and the suspension works really well for me as well!
IGH is the future for sure since gearing has improved closer/exceed the derailleur types and virtually maintenance free with carbon belt that will last extremely long time. I ended with District 4 with Afine after learning Pinion only comes in twist shifter. I am guessing IGH will be better fit for ebikes than the derailleur type to provide less maintenance and boost power for commuting and casual riders like myself.
They also argue that by moving the mass of the cluster off the rear wheel and into, the centre allows improved suspension design. The pinion gearbox motor + electronic shifting looks exciting!
I have a shimano hub gearbox in my commuter/gravel bike with a belt drive, using it around the year and winters here get a lot of snow - snow and ice absolutely destroys chains and derailleurs so they need to be cleaned properly after every single ride, got fed up with that and moved to gearbox + belt, problems solved.
Great to see a bike from New Zealand on your channel Seth. I've wanted a Taniwha for ages. Jamie from @NewZealandMountainBiking rides one. For those considering it, it's pronounced, "Tah-nee-far"
Hello from New Zealand where you do see the Zerode in the wild! Taniwha is a Downhill track in Rotorua, you should come ride it, rowdy with tech and big jumps.
it probably costs more than my whole bike
😅😅grip shift is trash
A ride buddy has a Pinion, works very nicely. But as with everything there are upsides (range, less day to day maintenance, cleaner) and downsides (limited choice of frames, weight, cost new). It has to use a grip shift as the gearbox has to be positively shifted both ways although an electronic shift is coming which will fix that.
I cannot wait for the Pinion MGU to come to market. This tech with the FIT system will destroy Shimano and Sram
Really surprised the topic of noise while descending was not mentioned. It's basically silent going downhill, all you hear is the trail chatter on your tyres. So so refreshing. Not to mention a massive reduction in weight off the rear hub with no cassette / derailleurs etc = rear suspension performance through the roof.
All ebikes should use a gearbox.
Can you show us what berm peak looks like?
the ideal application would be electronic shifting on these. there are additives that can reduce the friction substantially
In Canada, Edmonton area, I have asked most all the bike shops if they sell Pinion gear boxes. They looked at me as if I had 2 heads. I know there are several Bikepackers youtubers who have switched to Pinion gearboxes.  :)
Couple of years back I had an NuVinici N380 Continuously Variable hub installed on my Catrike Expedition recumbent trike. I love the hell out of it, it's nice not having any gears or in between gear issues. Instead of a derailleur I use a chain tensioner, Origin 8. Those belts last forever ten times longer than a bike chain.
I took a schwinn messa runner and converted it to a 3 speed hub with a coaster brake. Ive kept the cantilever brakes. Mostly have been using it as a gravel bike but i would like to take it on trails.
I have a couple year  old pinion, and it’s awesome
One problem with something other than a common derailleur setup is how do you get is serviced/repaired if it breaks down?  With a derailleur  many riders can fix their own and if they can't any decent bike shop will be able to fix or replace the derailleur drivetrain. Case-in-point is the Kindernay hydraulic hub on my Wattwagons mountain bike.  A couple of days ago I noticed the hub was leaking.  It will have to go in for repairs and the only place that is authorized to repair this hub (that I've found so far) is the Kindrenay factory in Norway, so it looks like I'll have to ship the hub half way around the world, on my dime,  to get it repaired, and god knows how long my bike will be off the road, waiting for the repaired hub. When I purchased the bike I had the option to go with a derailleur kit, or spend more and go with the Kindernay hub.  I should have gone with the regular derailleur. 🙁
I think you should change the channel name to "Shill Mountain" to more closely reflect the direction of the channel in the last year.
yeah big-single-speed tried to push the belt drive on us, many years ago... never really caught on.
The custom frame.....  I want one of the new Pinon MTB E bike drivetrains.  The gripshift on the pinon pedal bike is not really my favorite.
Another advantage on full-suspension bikes that I think was missed was that you are removing a lot of unsprung weight off the back wheel. Getting rid of the cassette and derailleur can make a huge difference in suspension performance by minimizing unsprung weight. I think gearboxes would make a lot of sense for downhill bikes where suspension performance supersedes all and weight doesn't matter as much. Also, this would be a great application for electronic shifting, get rid of the grip shift and just use a button shifter and solenoid or motor-based actuation.
I offered to let you test my Zerode weeks back but heard nothing. Glad to see you put out a video on them.
Shimano actually does make a gearbox drivetrain - Alfine, which is featured on the Priority Apollo.
The guy who owns the bike shop i go to uses almost all Rohloff rear hubs on his bikes that are not single gear.  He has one bike that he had had longer than his shop back when his shop was in a cargo truck that he drove around.
Have you tried a Priority Adventure Bike?
Another issue is that they LOOK like an ebike; I would not want to be seen riding one :)
I would be afraid of people thinking it was an ebike and stoning me on the trail.
you could call it... a transmission. lmfao
twist-shifts are for department store bikes - lets keep it real here
I wonder if developers could make the shifting proccess electronic to make like rev matching and the gripshifter
yes it adds weight but what it does do is remove weight from the rear triangle which is far better
levo xl weight
I like changing stuff up way too much to commit to a gearbox frame, also at this point I know how every single piece of my mountain bike works and wouldn’t take a gearbox apart to learn how to fix it
Really want to see someone try adding a friction modifier to a gearbox. Like liquimoly mos2 antifriction oil, or amsoil severe gear. Seth is right on that we have had transmissions for a long time… how would some of the solutions we’ve had over the years, snake oily or not, so at solving the problem.
Also one of my favorite features of the pinion gearbox is the ability at the bottom of a hill to switch it to its first gear and instantly get up the hell without having to move around first and change gears on the go. Especially useful in traffic when you stop at a red light at the beginning of or in the middle of an uphill climb!
Pinion and Rohloff with belt drive are used by lots of bikepackers. Pinion especially is preferred by lots of around the world bikepackers, because of virtually no maintenance need.
Seth becomes a millionaire when he invents an entirely new Youtube video category, Bicycle Drivetrain ASMR
Allready have a Rohloff at my HT now riding a Kindernay XIV for 3years and zero problems on my FULL
Glad you got to try that bike and to comment on the pinion gear box! I’ve been riding the Priority 600 for several years now and I absolutely love it. I think it’s perfectly suited for touring and commuting, but I’m not sure about how well it would work on a mountain bike. I know the same company makes the Priority 600 X which Ryan Van Duzer helped design to be their gear box hardtail.  It looks pretty sweet but is well out of my price range. The Priority 600 really is my favorite bike but it’s expensive enough that I would prefer to beat up a much cheaper bike out on the trail.
I think it’s still cost prohibitive. When someone is headed to buy a new rig, they’re going to opt out of the extra $400. The typical rider knows how to maintain their cassette/derailleur setup.
I asked a couple of local bike shops what they thought of these, both said they are sweet, fairly easy to install, incredible to use. But, they both agreed, if and when they do go wrong, they are very difficult to repair. Not impossible, but it's going to be expensive because they take a lot of time. Maybe that's their lack of experience with them, if we all had them, they'd be far easier, as there'd be a lot of information on how to do it. But the entry fee here in the UK is around £2,500 plus fitting and setup.  Should you get a great gearbox, it should last decades with only an oil change every year and new cables as and when. Of course, should get a lemon...  But don't Dutch bikes have them? Or at least a lot more of them?
Thanks for making this video! I was actually really interested in your opinion on these 😁
Isn't this just hub gears but worse?
dude - i loved your videos but i really dont care about these ads anymore. i wish you the best of luck in the future but i'm out.
what manual transmission vehicle are you driving? did you get a jeep to build a trail rig?
You should look at the Lal Bikes Supre Drive it’s pretty cool
who is this for??... NERDS!
Check out Trinity Mtb, their gearbox setup is cool.
If I was going on long bike packing adventures I would want this on that bike, not on any other.
I love my pinion for touring. With a gates carbon drive it's just so nice to not worry about it. It just works!  For a mountain bike: meh. Not needed
Pinion is going to release if it hasn't already, an electronic shifting version with trigger shifting.  Current mechanical version has a lot of engagement slop...  Priority bicycles is now doing a preorder on a hardtail MTB.  Hope they clean up the slop.
haha, big-derailleur conspiracy confirmed!  Pinion is being shadow-banned by big derailleur.  Never mind that Shimano makes internally geared hubs.
Once i was bike packing with the pineon gearbox and with in the first hour i snaped 3 belts due to sticks getting caught in between the belt and the sprockets (they have changed the belt since and the new one is a lot stronger)
thank you Pete Burm
Great video, but you're major point was kind of vague. Could you quantify the efficiency loss? 2%? 5%? 10%?
May i mention that the Pinion C-line's main competitor, the Effigear Mimic, solves, if not makes steps towards improving 3 of those issues, price, weight and shifter compatibility. Its also much smaller.   C-line weight: 2.1kg Mimic weight: 900g-2kg  C-line price: €1,400 Mimic price: €1,000  C-line shifter: dual cable twist shifter or Cinq dual cable trigger shifter  Mimic shifter: any Sram Eagle shifter
👍🏼
Great video.
Did you buy a Jeep TJ?
The newer versions of the rideshare bikes here in Chicago seem to have some kind of continuously variable transmission (CVT) with a stepless grip shift. (Older ones have dreadful 3-speed Shimano Nexus hubs.) I assume friction losses and weight are the same issues, but I'd be curious if people are trying to put these on mountain bikes.
Great vid!  Was just looking at putting a Pinion on my next design/build.  Man, I miss Mills River.
it really made me giggle that he said "that's the planetary gear" and showed a main/idler shaft gearset on the screen lol.
Are they UCI legal? If not they won’t get the traction amongst the pros which lead to mass marketing.  As you said. I’d be wary with Pinion being a small company and everything looks proprietary, so if they go out of business, a fairly expensive bike is essentially written off.
Got one on my Priority 600x. I love it! I bikepack and do alot of backcountry exploring-so you wont see me at the bikepark or pro built trails.
So the next step is an automatic  transmission for bikes
The grip shift is the thing that would make me not get it. I love SRAMs shifting and if they came out with a gearbox, I'd love to try it out.
I have a Rohloff hub with belt on a titanium Carver frame with no suspension I use on hot or cold sloppy days. no paint,chain, or maintenance. just hose it off.
My commuter bike has a belt drive with a Shimano Alfine hub and I love it for that.  I've heard of people using that kind of setup for mountain biking, but I haven't seen any in person before.
To be honest, I'm going to get a gearbox for my next bike no matter what. Maybe I just need something new, or maybe I've been successfully brainwashed, but I'm going to go for it!
You should do a video about the best mtbs at different price points.
After using belts on my last four bikes, I refuse to go back to chain. My daily driver is a single gear belt drive and I put almost 10k miles a year on it. I only replace the belt once a year because I ride through beach sand and mud year round. My second bike is a priority 600X with a pinion gear box.
as a mechanic, who has worked on them, but prefer not to. you better change that oil regularly. makes neglected car oil look fun. communication is rough. but hell yeah, it works great
I’d like to see some rough estimates on efficiency numbers. If it’s close to a chain, and they make this with a trigger shifter, I think it’s really compelling.
I have one for commuting, all day, every day, every weather (try salted snow slush with your deraileur, and a couple of freez/thaw cycles). To keep the efficiency advantage of a derraileur you need to do a lot of maintencance.
You definitely feel a bit of efficiency loss. Although it’s probably less than a dirty derailleur (i.e. after 15 minutes on trail). And it’s supposed to break in after 500km or so, would become much smoother.
pinion is not a planetary gear
I'd be totally down losing a bit of efficiency for longevity and reliability. If the frame has in-frame storage and 140-160mm travel then that is a dream bike right there. No need packing tools, tubes and snacks on your person, just get a helmet and you're good to go!
Love the video, and learned a lot from it.  A more in depth of how it works would be great.  I have an idea, but your knowledge would make it really clear.
You should have a chat with Ryan Van Duzer about his bike. It’s a Gate and Pinion system.
What about rohloff for a internal hub for mountain biking? I will say for ebikes with mid drive rohloff and enviolo are amazing for commuting. Enviolo is silent, can be automatic, and maintenance free. Rohloff is a beast for commuting and electronic shifting. Add in zero to little maintenance with a belt and it's just the best.
A Pinion MTB is my great white whale...  You forgot to mention the unsprung weight that's less when using a gearbox. Also a conventional drivetrain is more efficiënt, but only when it's clean. So during a muddy ride that can go south pretty fast. There are Pinion bikes with conventional gear levers (Instinctiv bike) but the two cable's remain.
Literally two days ago got Pinion hardtail. So far it’s the best bike investment I’ve made.
I think we will see these more with ebikes where the tradeoff of efficiency/weight are more than made up for by the assist.
I got a Priority 600 with pinion c1.12, hydro disks, belt drive, and dyno hub.  Some of the components are pretty cheap but it's been completely reliable, which is what I was going for on a commuter bike.  It lives outside through all seasons.  I do definitely feel the friction a bit but it's worth it for casually getting around.  The gear range is insane
The big question is how long do those fear boxes last till they fail? I say 7 to 10000 kilometers
And I quote, because jamming  gears has got to be a fever..
Why would they spend all the money on development when people will spend $15,000 on a bike with old outdated technology?
I'm am a happy owner of a gearbox bike.  love it.
get the priority 600hxt in.
Would definitely have a gearbox on a downhill bike other than that not interested
🇳🇿🥝
*BIG DERAILLEUR*
Zerode is the pinnacle of gearbox bikes, the trouble is that these bikes cost 10k or more.
just dont like how it looks  simple as
cooool
I have a Pinion C1.12 on my allrounder city bicycle. I will never buy a bicycle again without a Pinion gearbox.  I can assure you, the efficiency is not a problem. Only a clean and well oiled derailleur is actually more efficient. If that derailleur and the chain gets just a bit dirty it’s worse. If the belt gets dirty, it basically doesn’t care. And i know more people that don’t maintain their chain like they are supposed to, including me. That’s why i have a Pinion + belt.
Drivetrain worth is measured in how many Microshift derailleurs can you buy for the equivalent price. Pinion does not fare well in this regard.
I can see this taking off in E-bikes, as drag can be more than compensated by the power out put of the motor.
Not the area of the bike I have maintenance issues with. That’d be hydraulic disc brakes….
While i already knew that belts and gearboxes made it's entry into MTB scene, i never yet seen a prominent MTB influencer cover it 😁  Also - what you said about people owning it using it out there is so right! It's particulary useful for bike touring wher low maintenence and low failures are really nice to have. 😁
one thing I did think about is how involved it would be to repair one of these. With a derailleur, MOST of the time you can plainly see what’s wrong, say for maybe a bent hanger. With this being a closed system and all, I think it would be tough to narrow down certain issues with shifting, slipping, or just a straight up failure. Much like a car transmission, most of the time you can’t just look at it and know exactly what’s wrong with it.
If I had the money I would be riding a Rohloff, recently had one in the store that was shipped to Rohloff for a full overhaul, it did over 50000 kilometres so far and still is going strong. The inspection log had one oil change every year on it for the last eleven years and this was the first time it went back to Rohloff according to the documentation provided. On the efficiency statistics, regular drive-trains are almost always stated in perfect conditions, so no dirt or wear what so ever. Not really realistic out on the trail where the only time your chain is clean is in the garage after it was just washed. So they are closer together, tho there still is a difference for sure. But one you will only notice if you race I guess.
Costs really
These are great for touring/bikepacking and fat tire bikes. IIRC you cant shift Pinion boxes under load so thats definitely a downside.
Watching this video from your favorite sun shop near berm park!!!
gearbox for e-bikes makes a lot of sense. heavy, proprietary frame design, and efficiency. All those downsides go unnoticed.
We need gearboxes. Rear mechs are a terrible design. A big dangly thing that is at perfect rock height to get smasehd. Rubbsh idea
Very interesting piece, i was wondering about the performance in comparison to chains. I doubt i will have this tech or the bluetooth shifters in the near future but eventually this may be an industry standard. Cool vid.
Because too expensive and more important: No Triggers
My Shimano XT 10 speed has a 500% gear range with a 2x up front.
looks like an eBike. That's why I don't want it
I prefer internal gear hubs
I switched over to belt drive (Priority Bikes) mainly due to where I live. Living in Utah, and being a yearly commuter, my first year here in Utah absolutely killed my chain. Snow and constant rain rusted out my chain (Trust me, leaving it as clean as I can it still killed it) so i decided to buy a Pirority both ebike and regular commuter. Never looked back since!
No thanks.
1/8 of me thinks gearboxes will be the future, the rest thinks ebikes will be the future. Maybe not as we currently have them. Smaller more powerful motors
gearbox ftw
not very efficient breaking your derailleur off or now your frame with "transmission". good to see you finally doing a video on gearboxes, nice choice going with a full sus since the unsprung /sprung weight is a big plus for gearboxes
I got a single speed belt drive for the road, and it's my favorite bike ever.
0:30 Sorry Seth, but often our wildest expectations aren't all that reliable... Oh and also I was thinking that the planetary gears would maybe feel like a flywheel?
Good to see a New Zealand mountain bike get some shine
I learned I can't afford it.
Ride fast eat a$$
regarding belt drives: I've been using a gates cdx belt for 30k kms so far. the maintinance i've done: I washed it twice with regular tap water
Was this sent to you as a demo/review or was it loaned from a friend just for content?
For about a month I have been riding a Rohloff speedhub in my commuter- and travel-bike and I must say, I love it! Sure some of the lower gears are a little bit noisy but you get used to it very quickly. For me the instantaneous shifts, low maintanance and durability are way more important than a silent drivetrain.
He could have said “it’s time to transition to transmission” missed opportunity
I freaking LOVE my Priority 600x - which has a Pinion gearbox.
You briefly mentioned it but yep, these are best suited for ultra endurance cyclists that do thousands of miles on crazy terrain. Ryan Van Duzer is a big belt drive fan.
They should offer a $2k+ option with all titanium metal parts to save weight.
I suggest looking into the hubs of Rohloff. They replace your back hub with a gearbox, so you won't need a six bolt frame
gearboxes can be more efficient if your chain is dirty (like mine)
Every keyboard cowboy forgets this one thing, Bikes are great, ride 'em all. If I had a chance to buy a gearbox bike at the right price I'd buy one. I have different bikes already because I can and they all have their place. Arguing on which ring should rule them all is silly.
They really make the most sense on e-bikes. That motor/gearbox combo Pinion released with electronic shifting is the ideal situation for this.
By the way i love your channel! i watch every one and iv learned everything about biking from you. Thank you!
Content has been great lately!
Big derailleur! 🤣
7:43 That lowkey jab at SRAM hahahaha
“You could even call it a transmission…”  That about killed me. Touché!
Fox gear mtb is the best
I get my Pinion geared Nicolai next week. Nearly no maintenance, robustness, especially in winter conditions, and the better weight distribution. I didn't have too much time for riding, so I don't want to lose time due to maintenance. I had a test drive with a Pinion bike a few months ago and loved it.
I was told they have a wireless shifting version in development if you don't like the grip shift.
I like!!!
Watched on nebula and came here to comment. Why didn’t you bring up IGH in this video? It seems like a discussion of trans mission vs derailleur is incomplete  without acknowledging that Shimano “big bike” makes the nexus line. And that the history of bike gears  started with IGH.
I have Shimano Alfine with 8 internal gears + belt drike on my everyday bike, and for this type of bike, I wouldn't trade it for anything. In 5 years, I've had to do one or two simple adjustments to it and that's it. It just works, every single day. The bike is almost 0 maintainance. It rides well and a quick Google search says the efficiency loss is around 5 % and I would belive the Alfine to be in the good end. The Alfine also comes with a more MTB style shifter and can accept really quick gear changes between pedal strokes.
Now somehow combine Pinion gearbox with a traditional  Eagle 12 speed…
I’m excited for the smart shift version to get on bikes. Not down with the grip shift. Also you didn’t talk about the fact that you can change hear with out pedaling. I think the mgu will be a game changer for e-bikes
I'm one of these people with a pinion gearbox on my bike (priority  600) and I ride it because it works in all conditions, and deals with off-road and road riding equally well. I love the maintenance being minimal, and the lack of any real issues with having to deal with a chain.
Hi🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
The integrated electric motor from pinion is super interesting.
We will always have derailleurs for the same reason we will always have combustion engines. There are more people that can not afford a Tesla than there are people who can...
Hi
Also there are in hub gearboxes that cost way less
Watched one person did 20 000 km  or more on rohloff hub. Issue what he had was worn out belt pulleys.
Take it apart!
Gearbox e-bike. Problem solved
this is the video i've been waiting for, thanks seth!
why does seth stand like tommy pickles
I'd really love to ride one of these probably a quite bike
Gear boxes are great for bike packing in remote places with rough terrain. One less thing to worry about.
This is pretty cool. Prohibitively expensive, but cool none the less.
Who's this for? How about multiple world championships downhill winner Gregg Minnaar he was the first to use it and it was manufactured by Honda of all companies 🤔
I've tried Shimano's internal geared hub thing while working at a bike shop. It was annoying to service but maybe that's just because I was more used to derailleurs. Thought it wasn't particularly something I'd get but was a fraction of the pinion price so I'd bet my thoughts would change if I tried the pinion.
That's a really good assessment of the transmission.  The pause needed to shift gears seemed way more intrusive than you made it out to be   Belt drives are perfect for single speeds due to their quiet, simple, and reliable nature. The only issue is if you want to change gearing.  You would need a whole new belt/cog combo.
Pinion should add locks to the gear box to deter theft
19th comment
Hi Seth, a long time ago I asked why they haven’t combined the gear unit with an electrical motors and they finally did. Welcome to the Motor Gear Unit or MGU. It’ll be interesting to hear your thoughts on the e-motor version
the REAL bike "Transmission"
I had the Ikea bike untill they recalled it! It came with a beltdrive and a two speed automatic shiftingsystem. It worked great, snapped a belt after a few months use, had to replace it and because it was not expected by anyone that a belt would break, atleast not so fast, the process was hell. The stores did not have the proper tools or parts to do it inhouse (as promised they would be able to do) so I had to make a yank as hell solution. When they recalled the bike for whatever reason (cant remember) I got it back to them, insurance etc etc if I fell using it. But the beltdrive and shifter felt awesome!
How often does that gearbox need maintenance and who could actually fix it? I'd imagine there's lots of small gears that are though to work on and costs a fortune if you can't do it yourself
Ryan Van Duzer rides all around the world with the gates pinion drive. Seems impressively reliable.
Interesting.  I have wondered why bike technology hasn't moved more in this direction since it seems more robust.
I wanted a kindernay XIV (14 speed internal gear hub), because I hate cleaning off-road bikes. But that price though, I’ll kee cleaning for that price.
Not all gearbox need a special frame, pinion is a bit a beast of its own. I also kinda disagree on the target audience. I mean, you're right if we consider mountain biking (which obviously that's what you meant) but I think it's worth mentioning that gearbox are best suited for long distance bike travelling and ebikes.
Can you review the Grand Canyon 5
These belong on e-bikes. You can ditch the grip shifting for electric shifting, and the drag/weight won’t matter.
The gripshift is a big no thanks for me personally
The thing with MTB is all unique parts have advantage and disadvantage, so basically you can waste your money in different ways 😩😭
Distraction
who would have thought that canyons would have grip shifters 😂
Every single vid from Seth is entertaining or informative. This gearbox looks awesome, but with that grip shifter, don’t you find yourself having to adjust your grip with every shift? 🤔
Hi Seth
Build something please I want a trail build
First time I'm seeing a video uploaded with a "16 seconds ago" underneath it... I bet it's good cuz I love this channel a lot.
in 10 years we will be looking back on bikes of today like they are ancient
I love my gear box
I remember asking "why are they giving this away to the bike industry?  What's in it for them?"  Back when they gave the bike industry the UDH.  Fast forward to this past March and Voila, the reason is here.
MOM SETH UPLOADED!!!
New video hell yeah!!
2nd
first
Looks like something from the future haha
