Interesting look at multiplier math.
We need to investigate  Crypter Nobility Affinity  Evergrow coin As well
hey one of those people are my bio dad 😛 'ragnar' 😢
2:28 the only problem papa saw is that he was on the line with coffeezilla.
Gotta love this dude with the Taliban beard - of course he's from Utah xD
As a GenXer I appreciate your channel I've learned a lot
Coffee is the goat! Keep taking down the grifters! The world is now run by them.
I got 4 amazing coins that will always hold value. They are called pennies, nickels, dimes, and quarters. Sure it might take a few to get a drink or a meal but I’m positive you can’t do that with safemoon
Huh
“I talked to Papa” 😂
Man these guys make it so easy to become a millionaire...
How can he sleep at night? If I did something that outright evil, I would not be able to live with myself. I have edited this comment about 20 times before initially hitting the  triangle post button thingy. Each edit started to go into a long-winded "What if I was in his shoes" before I realized that as sick and twisted as he acted, I don't think that I could because I have a conscience; I personally doubt he has one, and that is my opinion
LMFAO this dude, "Papa", looks like the exact person that you would picture when you think of "crypto scammer".  The man looks like he would pull the rug right out from under you, then completely deny even knowing what a rug is. 🤣🤣🤣 Like - legit - who could possibly even take one look at this dude and conclude that he is trustworthy. He just looks like he has five scams on the go, and ten in development, at any given time. 🤣🤣
God bless everyone and have a wonderful day ❤ Much love to all 🙏
Are papa and grim the same person?
Bro papa looks like count Olaf from series of unfortunate events. Y’know, the stereotype psychopath and villain in the show?
That's adorable. He thought he could use you to place the blame on someone else and make himself a hapless victim.
Smith looks like an evil hipster “Honest Abe” Lincoln. He clearly play into his resemblance. Perhaps, 6ABE is him. 6 is generally used to express evil intent. And ABE plays into a potential nickname or alias used by Smith. I think this possibility needs to be looked into. Karony is weird. Very very weird. And he’s a foolish dreamer. But I don’t necessarily think he has evil intentions. I think he may have believed he was a visionary. He is not. But he does not necessarily seem sketchy because he does not seem intelligent enough, despite the facade, to pull off a fraud of this magnitude. Thomas seems evil. He even gives PDF vibes. I think he is the true culprit to the majority of the fraud and theft. And he tried to cover his tracks with different wallets. Thomas was probably a bullied dweeb as a kid. He seems like an egomaniacal coward. He loved the persona and adoration. And he wanted to live the big life.
This feels like this Papa guy absolutely scammed but had no idea other people were scamming EVEN HARDER. Which is... not really a defense, but interesting.
6:40
WOKE!!
Rewatching!
$300 I'll never see again.   Glad it wasn't too much.
you should label the videos like part 1, part 2, etc. so that it's easy to follow the chain of events
Let's sum up @23:50 "Hey man, I get paid to do work. And sure, the work I'm doing is scamming other people and so I'm getting paid with money that was fraudulently obtained. But it was in the contract, and I did the work, so I earned it and will therefore keep it."  Yes, he feels he earned all that money by pulling the rug out and stealing peoples' money.
Papa trapped like a RAT
This guy that calls himself "papa" seems like a creep and a "nice guy"
"just following orders" is famously not an effective defence in all situations.  Seriously, at best this guy was deliberately trying to turn a blind eye. At worst he knew exactly what was going on but is just a liar.
At the end of all of these stories I end up asking myself "wait, how exactly were normal people even supposed to make money from this?"
18:33 is.. Is this Mass Effect soundtrack? am I tripping ?
Why would someone openly talk about their crime on record?!😂🤯
Papa: Well...i tried...but ya know....
Can you please do a video on Thomas Krallow?
I know it's bad to judge based on appearances but yeah...'Papa' looks like a red flag, talks like a red flag and surprise. He WAS a red flag. =\
23:32 I mean...yeah, if you performed a legal service and got paid, that money DOES belong to you no matter how they person who gave it to you got it. HOWEVER, what you performed was NOT a legal service and you KNEW that. You were paid to help people run a scam. And you knew that so you're complicit in a crime.
why are they not in jail
Papa is dancing and side-stepping … dang. 20:31
Sometimes intrusive thoughts creep in, damn I wish I made that money but then realize I’m not a horrible person and my conscious wouldn’t let me. But then again, I haven’t had a million dollar check waved in my face. Same can be said to all of you, doesn’t make it right. Ahhh.. good ol’ corruption. It’s in us all 😊
I'll never understand how people can trust a meme coin.  I bought before the pump, Walked away after the first pump with 10x and never looked back.  People just too greedy.
I mean, there was a lot of bull in this call, but that reaction to the amount of money coming from bitmart sure sounded genuine 😂
The amount Thomas take is 2 mil but most of it is from presale, but let say he take 1mil from the LP pool thingy, it is still nothing compared to others. And gotta say, he is good with words, he is actively trying to answer in a way that isn't like "Holy fuck, why are you so dumb We are literally committing fraud behind the scene. This is already become a payday 2 mission when we introduced the weird shit LP automated locking thingy"  Take me on a grain of salt. But the whole safemoon coin thing is supposed to be a "cash-and-grab" scheme, it supposed to be you get in and you get out kinda thing. Even Thomas didn't know he making millions out of this. So the only logical option here to get the most of you can and dibs.
right off the bat "it's John's fault." ......maybe don't try to prove you have integrity by immediately lying? 😂
Not the voice I was expecting him have given the picture and being called "papa" he sounds so young.
You: Here is this really bad thing. Him: Oh that? Yeah, that's bad but I was already gone before then. You: No, this was before you left. Him: Oh...then here is why it isn't so bad. I really like listening to you dismantle people like this and hear them scramble to make themselves look less bad.
@Coffeezilla Will you update about the arrest on CTO and CEO and follow the trial too just like SBF? I mean, I want to know their reaction after seeing you with massive grin in the court
This was infuriating to watch.
These tech geeks that think they are clever telling people they are going to the moon would absolutely crumble in a court of law. Could you imagine them in prison 😂😂😂
If they didn't commit fraud, and it was all a mistake, they would return the money to investors. Instead they are millionaires while millions of people had their lives destroyed. Evil.
It's so obvious he is lying.
Shame on those charlatans.
All this tells me is that my firm belief that unregulated crypto capitalism breeds corruption and will inevitability screw over anyone who invests in a crypto company is the absolute truth.
10:57
Ol Papa talked himself to a lawyer
Papa don't preach
With a name like SafeMoon, you have to know it was a scam from the beginning.
Safemoon is/was a fraud.
He's been arrested btw
The scale of these crypto scams are wild. And they get practically no media attention
How do the supposed proponents and leaders of crypto expect it to ever be properly established when it’s full of crime.
Is there actually any place you can invest that isn’t a scam… i can’t believe all these people invested in unregulated crypto trading.. there was no incentive to be honest.. every single one.. one or 2 doesn’t count when you have 100’s of scams doing the same thing over and over. Everyone is or has been doing Ponzi schemes.
I have noticed on several of the vids ive jumpt around to here i have allways been nr 95 000 to like the vid. YT doing some like locking or?
He legitimately doesn't seem to think there's anything wrong with them just changing their minds, and that it is somehow retroactive.
This guy is Jesus of exposing scammers 😄
In retrospect, the way Papa answered questions reminds me a lot of SBF.
Here's a great rule of thumb, don't invest your money in any company that describes a part of their business as, "auto-magically"
Why do these people talk to you?
I’m a dev too, but I didn’t realize part of my compensation was stealing millions from my org’s investors. Guys I think I’m being underpaid too @shapedsilver3689
100% fraud
Being a “Dev” doesn’t make you safe, bub.  Your hands are bloody.
That entire landscape is full of dishonest people.
You're funny gun Zilla 😂🤣😂
coffeezicoin UP!
No honor among thieves
Historically speaking, "i was just following orders" doesn't get you very far.
I guess you need to stick to the provable malice and dishonesty of things like robbing the liquidity pool, but sometimes you make it sound like it's the only issue with these scams.  The underlying fraud is inevitable because the entire principle is flawed with these ponzi schemes.  Let's assume they ran things honestly, where was all the value supposed to come from? I guess these are murkier issues and so it's simpler to point to the smoking guns where money gets pulled out as opposed to taking on the insanity of the fundamental ideas.
20:44 "The V2 contract can be updated. It's a proxy so you can change whatever is behind the proxy. The trick is maintaining the balance."  I have no words to describe the disgust I feel. I would kill to read the V2 contract he's talking about.  Also: FYI, the way crypto owners "burn" the currency is to hide it in an "inaccessible" account. so, when you see 2% burn on a 10% tax, what they are really saying is 2% more goes directly into an owner's pocket. LOL @ the idea of burning as a means of value moderation
8:51 maybe I can convince him that Safemoon didn't exist at all it's all in his head 😂
What Thomas claims, he didn't know all of this was going on, is laughable. If you design Blockchain technology you know every transaction on the chain. You can't hide what happens! It was pure theft and still is. There is still a lawsuit against SafeMoon and when it settles I see them going under.
so many scams out there
The beauty of blockchain is, you can do anything you want anonymously but the footprint is always there if anyone want to look into it. The moment you can identify the wallet address there is nowhere to run.
Please Coffeezilla do Richard Heart hex founder investigation
Say what you want about the guy at least he was willing to talk without going off ever
Hebrews , Indians ????
Who keeps putting their money into these scams, over and over again??..
I don't know. I see your points, but I also think Thomas does have a point in some regard. We wouldn't expect employees of Amazon per se to fork up their cash to affected victims of an Amazon scandal. I see the point that since he is C-Suite that this might be different, though. But I would also implore you to think about the variance of responsibilities of a CTO in different organizations. I think that in one led by an egotistical fraudster - a CTO might have less information and control over business processes. If a bottom-line dev was paid 5 million dollars in bonus, would we vilify him? What about a CTO with the responsibilities of a bottom-line dev? Titles don't mean anything in my opinion. But there's a lot of unknowns here so I'm going to reserve making any judgement.
Web3 Ignite IGNITE3's technological advancements impress me. They're constantly pushing boundaries. 💡🚀
The Web3 Ignite IGNITE3 community is diverse, inclusive, and accepting. It's a place where everyone belongs. 👥🌈
Web3 Ignite IGNITE3's roadmap shows their dedication to continuous improvement. They have big plans. 🗺️✨
I'm surprised he agreed to br interviewed. It's not like he's redeeming himself at all. Still clearly a fraud.
he comes off like such a pos. "papa" lol
this is the next level of shady corporate talk so if exchanges and safemoon is making the money, who's losing it? "the people who are paying the fees"
I can't get over how much he looks like Hugo Strange.
to coffee if you see this; pie charts are shown by evidence to be one of the least effective ways of conveying data. From my own experience, people spend most of their time deducing what circle is what, and also we are trained to read and write in a line, not in a circle. So bar charts are a lot easier to interpret and understand.
CAPITALISM IS A QUAZILLION DOLLARS SCAM!
I’m sorry, but this is the same as Bill Gates saying he knows nothing about a Windows operating system. “Papa” may claim to only be a dev, but I specifically remember him going on them safemoon video updates promoting the crypto. He thinks he’s safe floating away on the lifeboat as the ship goes down😂
Last followup question would be when 'papa' says that he's a dev just doing his job, ask him if he believes that defense should be enough to protect him from legal liability
i’ve seen enough. all crypto is a scam they should all be in jail.
money doesn't come from nowhere... SBF: elaborate
Once again coffeezilla is predicting the future
Papa bro definitely made 6-8 million and he definitely sees that he's not as slick as he thought 🤣
Wtf does automagically mean anyway
Consumer dollars should be decoupled from investment dollars. That would then decouple advertising from daily prescience & informal gimping of said citizen- yet preserving democracy.
4
Dude so confused on where his $2M came from.
Mr. Bean in chat is golden
the whole point of "crypto" is to launder money. So in the very seed of any crypto story there is fraud at the core.
Heheh the whole time he’s saying “I don’t know what to call it”.lol Yeah he did..Fraud. Theft. Stealing. Scamming. Etc.
You'd think a guy who made millions of stolen dollars would have a better mic..
lock em all up and throw away the key scamming bastards
Papa owns a McLaren lol
I want to see an episode where you investigate mr beast. I think he's a really big fraud but don't have time to look into it or any following to tell if I did. I know he's been caught on minor scams, but I think his whole operation is one.
I learned my lesson the hard way with that Shiba Inu trash. Once you start to see how beautifully easy it is to dump your actual cash into the system, compared to the nightmare of withdrawing even a fraction of it…yeah.
I remember when I switched to V2 it went to shit. I'll never trust any of this shitcoin scams again
Coffee: Money can’t come from nowhere  US Gvt.: Hold my beer
I dont know squat about crypto currency, any of these people, or what they are even saying, but Im super invested in this story.
I knew this was coming. One of the people featured and mentioned in this show he involved his little brother in that Piggybank token. I hope they have to sell all the crap they bought with that money and pay people back.
Well, technically, he merely is a dev who signed a paper saying "you'll get this this and this". Then he simply did whatever he wanted with the crypto that was given to him. He didn't really chose where it was coming from. I mean, imagine you're hired by a company, paying you 30 000$/months to be a cashier, and 1 year later you learn your they stole al their fund, including your salary. Technically you did not stole any money, you earned it through a more or less legit contract...  When we know that crypto devs get paid 10k+ plus quite a lot of crypto currencies, it's not surprising to see some of them becoming milionnairs in a year (especially during a bullrun when the given crypto goes up x1 500 in 5 months)
The most amazing thing about any of these stories is that Coffeezilla is able to get any of these guys to talk to him.
The way he is talking circles just screams lieyer and fraud.
'Safely to the Moon' 'Automagically'  If only there were some hints that this could've been shifty
I absolutely love your channel it's now one of my favourite ones on YouTube. I've been binging every single episode lately lol. I love that your 10M office is in blender and that everything is made with high quality renders. Everything is good about your channel! Love the videos keep up the great work!
There seems to be so many made up terms to obspocicate what happened. The guy at one point  just keeps asying" Well you know it pancaked " or was a pancake.
wait holy shit how do you do that 1:33
Wth folks... Wow.. Im shocked at this stuff. Billions folks.. With a B-
The Kettlemans also worked to embezzle that money. Did the court agree they deserved it?
If I had a million dollars I'd buy land, build a house on it and live my life in peace. I mean these summs discussed on this channel are insane to me, having lived my life in a family with no savings, just paycheck to paycheck.
I just want to apreciate that he sometimes tryies to talk between your sentences but when you continue talking he inmediatly stops. S many interviewees always interrupt the intervewers between questions
They robbed those poor investors.
You think an employee should give his pay back because the company failed?! Either you just make up your positions as you go, or you’re like the most anti-worker person ever. I’m guessing the first one.
Notice how ‘Papa’ stumbles and hesitates while trying to defend himself, but how firm and coherent he becomes when talking about others who did wrong.
I wonder what percentage of crypto owners are investing into something they absolutely do not understand.  And don't tell me that most of them know what they are doing, that obviously isn't true.
Coffeezilla is everything! Wow. So many great vids.
Any update on the lawsuit?
This is a lesson that if you are going to commit a crime(s), you should keep your mouth closed and refuse to talk to anyone... Unless you have an attorney present.
This guy talks WAY too much 😅 like this will ALL be used as evidence against them
Their thought that a complex and intricade rug pull is not a rug pull. Shitcoins should be banned, and those exchanges too.
At least Poppa came forward, he wasn’t getting upset, it seems like he really didn’t understand a lot of what was going on.  I mostly believe Poppa but not fully.  He would be a great witness though.
I feel like I’m watching a documentary on Netflix. So damn good 👏
That guy John was so obviously cosplaying as a CEO, he was a jarhead that got lucky & couldn't admit that he wasn't smart enough to handle the situation he got into
Further proof that all crypto, except bitcoin so far, is complete fraud
I just can't do it I just can't make myself care about suckers giving their money to such obvious scams
Playing dumb, they are full of shit… scumbag criminal
THE biggest mistake Thomas Smith made (besides telling other grown men to call him "papa") was answering Coffee's call lol.
Coffee looks like Daniel Radcliffe o:
Why do ppl like these stupid videos
im sure a whole lot of these guys recently started off well then watched the wolf of wall street 😂
As a licensed investigator, I think you're doing a great job but your interview/interrogation skills could use a tune up. You'll get a lot more useful information out of witnesses by taking a different approach from direct confrontation all the time.
Everyone is in charge and nobody knows how anything works. It's the theme that is common with all these coin schemes.
And this is why I stay away from this shit.  Seems like only those on the "in" actually make $$
Zilla is making FBI's investigators jobs hella easier. Imagine this legend working there
He should be in jail.
Great journalism
V1 to V2 wtf sounds very nazi🤔
Crypto and NFTs are nothing but a shell game where you put a dollar in one shell, they do a lot of shuffling while distracting you with buzzwords, and then somehow your dollar ends up in their wallet before they run away.
Best answer was the last one.  "I'm a DEV"  as in devil.
“We all know money can’t come from no where”   Someone should tell the democrats  I can’t believe people still invest in crypto. It has zero inherent worth, and is only worth the money that’s invested into it. If that money loses value, so does the crypto. And it’s totally vulnerable to hacking. Just seems like the worst thing to put money into.
These idiots who profited so handsomely can simply say the investors lost money because the value of the coin plummeted.   Except the whole reason this coin was popular turned out to be untrue, which is WHY the coin plummeted, right? So what happens if the people who profited aren’t the same as the people who lied about the coin?  This whole thing runs counter to what was supposed to be the advantages to crypto (re rules, transparency, lack of individual control).
I am sorry to make light of this but at least papa’s pfp is killing me 😂
Sooo what's next? Class action lawsuit?
I hear/agree what the papa guy is saying at the end.  I'm a dev too.  Not a crypto dev, but regardless.  At the end of the day I just care that the money agreed to be given to me in my employment contract is indeed paid to me (else it's wage theft).  What happens to the company, the founders, or yes, even customers/investors isn't a primary concern.  Now obviously I wouldn't stay with a company that I felt was morally bankrupt like this so obviously was, but if you'd come to me after I left said company and ask if I should give my wages back or that it's "not fair" or anything as unrealistic and cliché as that?  No, I wouldn't be giving my wages back, and I wouldn't feel bad that I got paid said wages.  You can't conflate taking contractually agreed upon pay from a morally bankrupt company with skimming money off the top or other unethical/illegal practices.  If you went down that road you'd have to include anybody who ever worked at Walmart or Amazon.  So if that $2m he was paid was just his pay as he claims, I don't have an issue with him taking that.  But that being said, I wouldn't trust this guy at all without him showing the employment contract and the transaction history to match, and I'm sure he knew at the time when he was collecting a pay check about all the sketchy shit that was going on there.  This whole thing was very clearly a huge scam, so I can't imagine he had basically no knowledge of it as he's claiming....but anything is possible, I guess.
Money don't grow off tree
Thomas "Papa" Smith looks quite literally like the illegitimate love child of Abraham Lincoln and Harry Potter.
I got it with about 300 and pulled out at about 8000 so I’m happy. Clowns think these aren’t scams. You have to get in and get out
To sum this up:  “Caught me stealing your money” “Wasn’t me” “Caught me lying to investors” “Wasn’t me” “Even have a log of my transactions” “Wasn’t me”
This is like a new breed of Savant. Brilliant enough to master Bitcoin, Virtual Exchanges, Social Media Marketing, Contracts, and Liquidity Pools. But unmonitored will end up in jail.
his voice makes him sound like a 15 yr old boy
You crypto fanatics are weird. Why would you hand over money to an unregulated comfy and this quality of people??
Sooner or later you gotta tell these crooks their Miranda rights.
This channel is gold
The 100% tax has been refunded obviously and the they  sold it instead of giving it to the proper people all they counterfeited more coins
This guy sounds so dumb it’s hard to believe people idolized him
Man, these fraudsters all talk so nonchalantly about ripping ppl off millions of dollars, and think they are different from ppl that commit armed robberies like they didn’t commit a crime.
Send em to jail CZBI poor papa fraud.
That anyone walks away with vast amounts of money from these scams, even just the scammers themselves, is still intriguing.  This starts with "influencers" ginning up the [fill in the blank] pseudo coin / tech development, and people flood in with vast amounts of money, hoping to glom onto the next bitcoin.  Somewhere in the future, historians will look back on these times, in wonderment . . .
This may be me being naïve, but I get the feeling that "papa" wasn't actively a fraudster. He just seems like the bumbling patsy that "kyle" and karony pinned to be the "little person who takes all the shit", similar to when a manager steps back to let the CSR take all the abuse from the customers. Also, is it possible "kyle" and karony are the same person?
this guy came on the show because he saw the opportunity to skirt blame and pile on to coroni.  he just failed miserably. coronis a dirt bag, but is this guy. at least coroni was smart enough to stay silent. this guy just incriminated himself with his flimsy answers and goal post shifting
Papa fraud
These scammers were motivated by greed, lack of government regulation and from years of watching Trump and Fox lie, scam and BS with no consequences.
I'm sure in the future. Crypto will be highlighted as the high water mark where Laissez faire capitalism was shown to be as flawed as communism.
I love Coffeezilla!! Amazing!!
“I was just a dev” no….the Chief officer of tech…you were privy to all big decisions and meetings. That guy really thinks highly of himself and looks down on everyone, huh? Jeez
Papa: Is a genious in the blockchain community who could never rob Also papa: Cant answer a single question
I don't understand why this guy and all these guys aren't DOA. How much is a hit? What does the world lose? Crypto bros are just thieves.
Hey zilla you ever think about doing a video on helium ? Or just the fraud companies  that sold  devices like rovofi I payed 1400 a year ago  still never received anything the stop replying
Immmm gonna stick to ripple
Everything’s a shell
Yep, it's the classic shot it to the moon pump it & dump it back to earth crypto is very predictable.
The ad before your video was a scam, as if it's gonna bring them investors 🤣
This is exactly why I don't believe in this crypto shit. If some liberal snowflakes can create a "currency" out of thin air, that's not regulated, you're gonna get robbed. My brother in law is so invested in this crap. And all that's ever happened to him is he loses. And he's still convinced he's gonna be a millionaire overnight. The delusions are real with these kids
is he going to jail or what?
I never got into crypto or NFTs partly because often these things seem purposefully complicated but mainly because all the stupidest people I know did with both feet . :(
I mean he has a better excuse than the founders… still no a good one though lol
Safemoon was legit the first Crypto I got involved with by a guy I came across LJ Avilas. I put in $100 and a couple months later I was in such shock that my $100 went all the way up to 23k at one point. Being new into crypto I got excited and cashed out at $21,900. After that it just kept going down and down. It would be something like. $2.45 if I still had. Hat God I got out.
Imagine being so dumb you think a token called "safemoon" isnt a scam...
New to this channel if you want more light shed on you subjects you should go on jre podcast people need to hear about this evil money schemes or fraud as you put it but I'm just glad I never fall into these traps because it's always to good to be true😅
Fraud. Plain and simple. Sugar coat it or make whatever excuse you want. Try and blame 'timing' but it all comes down to one thing - - FRAUD!!!
They just casually discuss how to get around the LP..... so what's the point of Safemoon if the whole safety thing is just an annoyance to these guys?  Seems like admitting to being able to get around that would be something you would keep private (or ideally not do)
How can anyone trust or take serious someone who is confident enough in themself to have that as a profile picture
1:39 Papa more shocked there's a paper trial...😆
He thinks very highly of himself if he assumes his work provided a million dollars in value.
wow this is really funny with how much shit is coming out of that man's mouth
It's an argument I guess. It's the same one members of the SS used at Nuremberg, but whatever lets you sleep at night "papa"
Maaaate SMITHY is a DECEPTIVE DECEIVING DISGUSTINGLY MANIPULATIVE DISHONEST SHAMELESS ROTTEN INSIDER TRADING LIER!!! INVESTIGATE AND PROSECUTE LOCKEM ALL UP!!!
Is it just me or did anyone else find him weirdly believable? If he did only get paid via his employers, then yes he is just a worker, a very well paid worker, but that’s only by how much value his labour provided to his employer nevertheless. If his bosses are committing financial fraud & making out like bandits, the labour was actually that valuable to them, & if they’re doing it without his knowledge, he is not to blame. A chat with Kyle or John would be super interesting. Funny how the son of CIA operatives isn’t being held to account like SBF now 🤔 strange.
The only genuine thing I heard was the response to "Jhon said we are going to a new tax bracket"
I watched him take 80million, convert it to ETH
it "feels" like fraud, because it was
I would call no man 'papa.' Ever.
I’m very late to this video but I been sold on Safemoon I have like 20 dollars stuck in it
Sbf learned some things from these guys
Lmfao why do these guys continue to grant interviews to Coffee?? These guys are not even close to being smart enough to lie to you but TIME AND TIME AGAIN, they agree to these interviews. The hubris is amazing...
Papa looks at Karony's wallet transactions and goes "Shit, i jumped ship too soon".
Simple, that V1 to V2 with 100% tax fucked a ton of people and that money went into these fools pockets.
I am confusion 😢
Papa Doc DeValuer
Payments to Karony -allegedly-. So much to unpack.
If the dev dude only did what the company asked him to do, and it is proved that he didn't like, scheme the fraud himself or helped to, idk, he has a real point, crypto dev is a real job and he was contracted to do so, it is not like he was developing malware, although developing functions to remove from the lp when the company says the lp is locked is a bit weird.
Sounds like a pyramid scheme
helium is worse its heading straight to zero with all the ewaste its going to generate
Papa and that bush of pubes hanging from his chin can go the hell to jail
Ok so the excess safe moon came from the stuff they essentially seized thru the v2 100 percent Tax scam.  That's what it looks like to me
I think he was very crafty in how he shifted the blame to the other dude and tried to deescalate himself from being a CTO to just a run-of-the-mill employee. Like I can empathize that the low level dev at an evil company to a point, but also get the feeling this dude is seriously underselling his involvement lol.
PaPa really played that Nuremberg defense and made himself look like an idiot rube.
wtf how much tokens did these guys mint jesus christ even the distribution is shit
Any lawyer worth their salt will tell these scammers not to talk to Coffeezilla xDD
this whole channel is just a series of case studies on how to defraud people without consequences
Jesus christ I could have made that much money! Was what he said in his head.
They’re definitely going to prison. Just because crypto is “unregulated” doesn’t mean that it’s legal to scam people. You can’t scam someone in any currency and get away with it.
The irl Borat, lmao.
From watching these videos, I dont know it the founders are stupid, extremely smart or playing some other sort of game; why do they even talk to Coffeezilla? when they do, he always gets them to admit that yes, they did scam everyone and ran off with the money but it wasn't their fault, really; a puzzle indeed.
am glad they (safemoon holders)  got scammed... they used to think and act like they were better than all of us.
"Jesus Christ, what is THAT?!" Porno-level acting
What do you mean money can’t come from nowhere? Money are being printed by the Us government and most other governments all the time
To me it seems like Thomas knew they were doing scammy stuff but didn't know, and didn't want to know just how much they were doing, because if he admitted he knew what was happening, that would make him guilty, and I think that maybe at a certain point he couldn't even force the willful ignorance anymore
That explanation of the "v1 to v2" exchange just goes to show that either this guy is just an idiot and didn't know what he was doing or (more likely) he knew that they were just stealing from the people holding Safemoon to pay Bitmart and he tried to just not really answer and hope you'd let it go because he was being confusing. Edit:  Like, you're the CTO man, you're supposed to know the ins-and-outs of how these things worked from the "technology" point of view/
Its content like this that is stealing viewership from the tele! Keep up the great vids!!!
Papa preparing for the cross at his trial ...
not credible at all...unbelievable
LOL
I get the sense this guy is shady af, yet not the biggest fish in that pond. I have no idea what he expected to accomplish with this call
"Only" 2 million? That's a lot of money still.
Sounds like a lot of crypto miners I know. Same exact things they tell their investors and kept switching to V2 V3 blah blah blah.
I lost alot of money with Safe moon. How are they not in jail?? 😡
Here's my question: how is any crypto not fraud? As you say, "Money can't come from nowhere." With stocks the value is backed by the value of a business. With crypto the value is backed by.....nothing. So how do any of these crypto-coins make money without it being a scheme?
he sounds like walt jr
all papa does is lie
Its all gonna come out in the wash. If  this dude was given an employment contract or whatever and that's the only money he took then he should be free and clear. If its as bad as it looks and he was padding his pockets from the liquidity pool then he should be guilty of wire fraud as it's called. Its one thing if the coin holders got a notification ahead of time when they were going to start pulling from the LP. But if no additional notification was sent and there was no clause listed in the terms of service then there will be many a fraud case prosecuted.
18:30 amazing lawyering! Leading questions to get the answer you want the jury (viewers) to hear!!! 🤌🏾🤌🏾🤌🏾
Papa totally bullshitted this entire interview to try and make himself look innocent when it was still blatantly obvious he was scamming people from the start. He wanted so badly to run with the "oh I'm just a widdle old dev"
Honestly if you're still investigating in cryptocurrency after everything that happened to it, you deserved to be rugpulled
"people have obviously found bugs in the contracts" - normal everyday thing, very natural to happen to a coin
What a bunch of fools … you take all the money transactions on the blockchain how smoked out are they
You know what really sucks is that these new millionaires will inevitably have influence on our government in the US while people striving to make the world a better place will be stuck where we are cause we’re not willing to stoop.
If it was worth billions and they took only a few million... I'd say the investors stole from themselves, not the Devs.
11:35 fake again. Acting so clearly
11:24 acting, totally fake. Sounds so clearly
I’m just so confused as to why papa even came on with Zilla. Like, I’m glad he did, but like, what did he expect to happen lol. He basically turned himself into a police interview without a lawyer.
This is a case study in why laws and regulations are necessary in finance. There are enough ignorant people out there that People can scam even with the transparency that the blockchain provides. It’s robbery in broad daylight.
Their argument that they worked and should be compensated does actually make sense, since they did invest time and effort.  I don't think it should have been millions of dollars though of course.  Maybe a couple hundred thousand could be fine though if he put a lot of hours into it.
man it is so painful to listen to people talk sometimes. like hearing them talk over each other because they're trying to say their point before the subject changes just hurts to hear.
Best of luck in life to people like you saving lotta people's money
Never question Papa.
They probably think, "Hey!  We serve 3 years in jail, get out, then enjoy the hundreds of millions of dollars we scammed from people!  Easiest (of the many) scams in their lives!"  If this was murder, the bodies would be in the triple digits!  Add to it that Phony Karony is still scamming to this day!  Give them life sentences, recoup the entire estate, and distribute it to the victims!
When I found your channel I never knew I needed something so much in my life without knowing I needed it
Papi: "Yeah so, blah blah blah"
I keep getting financial guru ads only on coffeezila videos
I like how this guy is talking with you like you two are doing detective work together. Like nah dude, you’re one of the scooby doo villains of this story.
If a robber employee someone to rob the employee is a robber too.
Hold on people put actual money into this coin or was it from other coins being traded
I think we need to clear something up. None of these people and not just people in this video they didn't "make" any money. If you have an honest company that provides a service and you receive money as payment then you made that money. They STOLE money. They're scammer scumbags. They didn't "make" anything.
“Liquidity is still the liquidity”  Me, an auditor: *autistic screeching*
I wanna see these lying pricks in jail!
He is " The Rock" of reporting . Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? Safemoon soup!!!!!
I can tell you this guy ran discord and the community. He didn't know shit about shit. CTO is just titles and Bullshit
This guy needs a TV show he does a better job than most of the big news outlets
Blows my mind that people are surprised when these guys cash after the pump.   Lot of crypto holders live in a fantasy world believing what they read on  social media.   Virtually all of not all of these later stage cryptos are organized fraud.
“Safe Moon” was a scam?!
I believe he was willing ignorant
So he knew he was apart of a criminal organization, profited from it, but the organization is at fault and not him.  The FBI is going to see this different.
Great jib
17:03 tell that the governments money printer going brrrrr.
Of course the guy is in the wrong but if someone doesn't know funds are illicit do you except them to not be compensated? Should all of Bernie madoff employees pay back their salaries even if they had no idea what was going on? That was a bold statement.
lol. I'll tell you what's going to happen to you at some point in time if it hasn't already: You're going to look at your 1.1 million subscribers and ask yourself "how can I get all of them to give me $1"... and the decision you make after that is the difference between any of the Skywalker family... "choose wisely"  CoffeeZ Coin? Anakin Skywalker Tshirts? Luke Skywalker Branded Coffee? Leia Skywalker Zilla News Network? Ben Skywalker  closing meditation: it's way easier to get 1 million people to give you $1 then it is to convince one person to give you a million...  bonus round: at each level watching your subscriber list grow tell us about the temptation to become the thing you are fighting against?  surely you're aware "of all the many ways" you could pull it off.  Tell us about that feeling. Tell people what it's like.  sarcastic Chinese wisdom: use that understanding to your advantage through public confession or it will overcome you.
Dont be fooled Thomas was directly involved in the creation of safemoon, they stated in the first ama that "it was Thomas who decided what the supply of the token would be".
He has written a story in his mind where he is a an innocent bystander to criminal fraud. It is fascinating to witness his delusions be challenged by facts.
The safe Moon development team has certainly mislead the community and gotten themselves rich as they destroyed the safe mode name. The only people interested in safemoon are producing safe Moon YouTube videos and making their money that way or by stealing from the liquidity pool
this felt like a senate hearing
papa sounds like a duplicitous lying SOB
Superzilla. Scourge of the scammers.
You didn't ask the wizard the one important question: What is the use of safemoon? If he wouldn't have answered fraud it would've been either a clear lie or he's as stupid as the night is dark.
Is the moon where these guys need to go to be safe?
People are sheep.
Can you start posting updates on court orders?
your entire argument is based on the name is a lie, if so called investors can't see past a name which I agree is a lie, then they likely deserve to lose more than 90% , same as the investors that thought Nikola was great because of its name.  as far as the namer of the token, he obviously saw give me your money wasn't a marketable name and that safemoon was so he deserves to not be poor anymore imho.
Not even Google software engineers make 2M in a project
This guys a genius if I was a judge I’d just tell him to fuck off not do it again and keep the money
Well I fucking hope this gets litigated but unfortunately there's no regulatory bodies or legislative infrastructure built to deal with this so I don't know that prosecution even has grounds. That's kinda the issue here, and it's exactly why it's still a feeding frenzy, it's the wild west.
Someone publicly accepting that they received 2 million U$ from a fraud and not having a bit of regret...
This guy is really good at twisting things to make an interesting story. A true journalist lol and he has all the subscribers bought in. I am watching this right now as safemoon is eating a zero with an exchange about to be released. Lol this did not age well
Coffee:"We all know money can't come from nowhere"  Me: Yo coffee, you should really watch the videos on your channel!
With all these exposures, not just Safemoon, I hope you're packing and wearing a plate carrier when you leave your house. These people are not above killing someone to shut them up. Keep up the great journalism.
The fed prints money from nowhere everyday we just sent Japan 7 trillion follow that money trail on that one that would be a great video.
Its all back to the intent, you don't want to take responsibility if the company you works do illegal things that you don't know or take part of it.  But you want to punish people who know from the start and still participatimg
Ads seem strategically placed on this one, takes money to do that.
Nope safe moon is going to the moon! Which is zero.
If he admits 1M then he made 100M
Take papa, put him in an Elon Musk rocket and send him into the sun.
safemoon is doing great! even in a bad market!
"Money doesn't come from no where." - The federal reserve laughs at that
It seems clear to me that Papa reached out to you because he was hoping to whitewash his name.
the sad thing is they will never be prosecuted or face any legal repercussion,
WOW I am LOVING this channel!!
After watching many of your crypto scam videos, I'm not sure f I'm learning how to be a more trustworthy, legit developer, or learning how to rug pull without getting coffeezila'd.
When they started with safemoon marketing in London. The rumor was they got funded by the mafia ( Italian and Balkan) not to mess with. Now tether is all Italian 😂 no wonder. I wouldn’t dig deeper my man.
Papa seems like the type of dude to ask you "off the record" if this is going to get him sent to jail, you say "honestly I have no idea" and he still decides to talk.
Many investors made millions out of Safemoon, I still don't know how did I miss it. Look at this $45 investment that was worth $24M at the ATH tx hash: 0xb3e47fb9f5e9a9a821d309a5044f5a597f8593c7afc285dd683ef03e8602a1cd
How does this video not have the same amount as the last one? Lol people somehow lost interest.
Gods work!!
Actual journalism right here.    Pay attention media.
I want to here the stories from those who bought this junk coin.
Who is this guy? "6ABE" is one in 65k wallets. How was he even considered a "developer".
I definitely ended up with -90%
23:04 oh man, dat Mr Bean gif.... got me off the roof lmaooo
I'm sorry but most of safemooners deserve this. I hope that safemoon become their reason to never come back to crypto.
CAN YOU PLEASE DO SOME DETECTIVE WORK ON SPHERE FINANCE BEFORE SHIT GOES SOUTH????
Love this channel
That must be the dumbest papa ever.
Explain the feds money printer then?
It amazes me the amount of work u put into ur reporting ...and the logistics of it all...the msm could use ur ethics and apply it to themselves...but if they did they'd spontaneously combust 🤣🤣🤣...wtg to all involved
Wish i could work w papa
i really don't get the whole not trusting this guy if you where scamming the shit out of every one why would you be honest with your staff about it? and why would this guy know anything about it he says it perfectly hes a developer he does development he gets payed would you ask your boss where your money came from? i don't think so i think people really need to cut this guy some slack hes not the mastermind behind the scam -.- hes just an employee
I'm not even in crypto and I am hooked on this saga. I have seen a few fraud exposed on this channel but this one hooked me. Nice work
Well to he fair he did not say a Higher tax bracket
So this happened before John was on the team?
These scammers should be tracked down & dealt will personally if someone robbed me I don't think I'd be able to sleep until I got my hands on the people the rekt me .
Papi deserves to be paid, yes. But when that money is generated criminally by his work eeehhh no. The people who invested in this, trying to raise their fortunes by buying and selling 1s and 0s digitalt don't really get to say "hey where's my money??".  Making more money without making anything if value is not how economics work. If you make 10k out of 5k, someone somewhere is losing those 5k to you.  I reckon I sound like a Muslim banker right now
I have bought into allot of alt coins but after doing allot of research, reading the whitepapers, diving deeper into the devs and their background etc. I got caught in the safemoon hype and bought in with a few hundred £ very early so i've made a loss of about 60%. I've read allot regarding safemoon being a scam but have just focused on my other alts and ignored it due to the entire crypto market going down with the worlds current issues but this video to me confirms how corrupt and shady John, the devs and shillers associated with it are. Great video and research you have done.
This stuff is insane. A computer programming scam epidemic
Great work
the answer is obvious: caroney and his parents are glowies, and safemoon is backed by uncle sam
Can't believe these people would incriminate themselves while being sued. It's amazing how bad these places operate.
His last defence is literally the Nuremberg defence “I’m just a dev, I just did what I was told to do. It’s not my fault it’s everyone else’s”
23:50 being a dev but can't f*ckin lock a smart contract.  I hope all the safemoon team will go to jail
Why did Papa decided to do this interview? It's like he's trying to dig his own grave. And he's accomplishing it.
Coffee has unironically become one of the most important YT channels in existence. It's weird to go back to some of his original videos before he pivoted to scams, and then later crypto.
Who’s the reporter? Is he butthurt because he lost a shit pot of money to the “hard working” scammers?
Safemoon or XRP and I chose Safemoon fml
90% down and the inside developers made millions. They need to get punched up and stoned. Run me my bread back 😭
It's just a Ponzi scheme
safemoon... lmao
Oh man, just saw this interview, had no idea about all this, what a shame, Still holding Safemoon since i got in back in April, all hopes on the project is now dead after watching this, just wondering if there's any class action taken against them to help the investors and what can I do to help!? Also should i keep holding my bag?
The fact that Papa didn’t just leave at any point in the call makes me elevate him to “Least Atrocious” of the SafeMoon scam. Still a scumbag, but now MERELY 99.95% scumbag.
not saying i believe everything, but the final argument that he's a dev and should keep his fees is fairly reasonable. if you drefraud investors on a real estate project, the contractor in charge of construction doesn't have to return wages and fees just because the person paying them was a fraudster. if he was part of the fraud, that's a different question...
He tries to minimize the situation by saying he is "just a dev", but he had much more control than a typical developer does
@17:45 - fascinating.  Bitmart basically looked at V1's value and issued the equivalent of a bond against it.    That's...something.
Just in safe moon cult still believes it's "FUD"
My issue with papa is that he wasn’t like a janitor at a company that’s scammed people, he was a an employee of a company that hired him to fulfill a contract with a company that was scamming people in a very strong capacity.  ie. He MAY not have been directly doing any harm if you give him benefit of the doubt, but he was really helping people who were doing a lot of bad and it looks like he was at least somewhat aware of it. But the money obviously blinded him
I wonder if safemoon whale found this out and that's why he just left
Someone should take thomas's eyes.... we'll see how nonchalant he is about theft then
They are all in together. Thieves . I wish them all burn alive and after life. They stole millions of families and children's money around the world. They are less than animals.
Thank you i lost 20k to that scam
FUD alert 🚨
nice vid bro
Frankly "PUMP THE STOCK" at the end of the video is the best "investment" advice on Crypto YouTube.
This is up there with some of the best fraud documentaries around. Keep it up.
Papa is going to jail
They actually taxed all V1 holders 100%, when moving contracts from V1 to V1 during the V2 swap, this is there they got the millions, Trust Wallet support confirmed I have no SFM, and SFM support does not exist.
rofl this guy is a master developer and cant seem to describe the process of crypto and where crypto goes and comes from?
You can hear he is lying so easily
I think if he wasn't personally scamming anyone and was just working under a contract deal, he deserves whatever is in the contract.
This man is a scambag, punto. No amount of bogus "rationalisation" of his scam procedures is ever going to wash the filth out of his name. He better learn to live with the fact that a good portion of humanity will always hate his scambag face.  Grow up, Papa, and own the consequences of your disgusting actions. Nobody is ever going to forgive you, so be prepared to face a lot of heat in life, one day or another. Karma is real.
This stort feels like it would go the same way if you pulled any random person off the street and tell them they're CTO of safemoon now. I think we need to actually figure out how much decision making power and awareness each person had in this ship wreck.
It's almost like all crypto is inherently fraudulent... No, can't be!
Please do a scam video about banks, since they have committed a lot more than most sectors. Much much more!!!!!
Coffeezilla = Fake News
You are an incredible interrogator.
Guy's dirty and wants to distance himself and play dumb.
I should start shorting these rug pulls....
A lot of cryptocoin dealers don't understand that they're scamming themselves first
"Money doesn't come from nowhere"   Tell that to the fed 🤣
I was in the Reddit sub during the migration. With all of the infighting going on at the time made me hella skeptical in the future of this trainwreck so I sold all of my V1 tokens before the 100% tax bs started and I never bought into V2 and I'm glad I didn't.
This Hits Hard
I see he read the gaslighting handbook.  "That didn't happen.  And if it did, it wasn't that bad.  And if it was, that's not a big deal.  And if it is, that's not my fault.  And if it was, I didn't mean it.  And if I did, you deserved it".
Papa looks like he's about to turn 60, but sounds like he just turned 16.
Do an investigation in PROJECT CYLUM. Pls!!!
I can't believe these idiots come talk to you..they know there gonna be in court years later ..just wow
Its classified as stealing you tool ...idk how to classify that hahaha
I watched too many rust cheating videos You can tell from his voice he is guilty and a weeb
So you’re saying we’re not going to the moon?!?!
So you're saying I can get safemoon at %10.
"I don't know how you would classify this transaction" THEFT! It's called theft, you arrogant ass.
It’s hard to take this seriously. Sounds like your talking to a crypto business person who knows nothing about crypto. Just really fake.
Doing god's work my guy. You are fucking amazing
These comments will not age well
So it seems, To The Moon, means landing on some ugly grey rock with nothing usable on it...
Hello Coffee. Love the show the fun and the clearance. Have you consider  an explanation about Ripple and their case with the SEC?
Someone needs to Contact Wes Christian the big WALLSTREET attorney who Sue’s the pants off guys like these. I’m out $159,000,000 SAFEMOON coins due to this fraud. Someone needs to GO TO JAIL. IM PISSED. I SPENT MY HARD EARNED MINEY ON THIS PONZE SCHEME.
This is some of the most hard-hitting journalism I’ve seen online. Thank you.
FBI salivating right now...
When $2M is what you go with when confronted... That means he thinks that would be a reasonable number to say and not have people pissed at him
I bet these scumbags gotta sleep with one eye open
These clowns are why crypto is going to end up being regulated and taxed out the wazoo.
PUT HIM UNDER THE JAIL. ALL OF THESE POS SCAMMERS.
There is NO WAY a crypto coin called "Safe Moon" could be a scam... I mean it clearly was gonna be the next bitcoin.
Worlds biggest OP
Man this content is so fucking good! Keep it up coffee!
hey bro im a part of a project that i think is incredibly fraudulent. called creaturetoadz
Why do most of the safe moon team look like pedos?...
The 'I just worked there, got paid and left' argument completely ignores the fact that he knew the CEO was shady as fuck and was rug pulling
Could you please interview Dev Ghadvi who also appears to be a self taught "guru"
GO TO JAIL BABES
Well, I took out 15k loan from bank and poured it into SafeMoon.  I’m stupid.
So he stole also millions of dollars and now leaves happily ever after?
Common sense skeptic
It seems the "CTO" and senior blockchain developer forgot how a calendar works
All they needed to do was say we are going to fund the project (that is, pay *ourselves*) by taxing transactions, and that's it. But they just couldn't help themselves and had to stuff their pockets. And once one guy did it, they all did, and now they're all pointing at the other guy. "Don't look at me, I only took 2 mil. He took more!". Ok.
love you coffeezilla! You're a gem and I hope you're blessed with great health and wealth so you can continue taking these charlatans to task. I also realized that the tech lead posted a dumb video with your photo on the thumbnail! Let's go get him. I am happy to sign any petition if you want to sue him. Long live zillaverse!
Safemoon is trash… buy Quant….
Can u look into Olivia paradox ai idk if it’s a scam they come up every time I try to apply to a job
@coffeezilla what is your thoughts on the HyperVerse Net?
even after all this there will be morrons saying that this mess will moon 🤨
This is really something. Just ...wow lol. Brazen.
Next on dateline ... how greed turned into murder.
I actually agree with him. If he's a dev and he performed a service and was paid based on a previously established contract or work description then he got paid when he got paid and that's it. Where the money actually came from is not really his concern. However, my understanding of Papa's involvement is not that he was just some random dev who was paid to perform a service. I could be wrong, I'm nobody but it seems like BS to me.
Hey coffee Zilla love your videos!! Hey can you do a update on STEVE WILL DO IT. LOOKS LIKE HES gambling again and this time he has 69 pushing his gambling channel
A normal dev salary would be like 300k/yr. 2M is insane.
He is full of shit. He should have kept his mouth shut. Lol
❤❤❤COFFEEZILLA ❤❤❤
"not accountable" is basically the answer given. Lovely. Gotta go after the bigger fish, apparently, to get change.
These guys don’t understand how’s much research and work you put into knowing dates and everything lol
Don’t worry “momma” karma’s got a100% hit rate accuracy 👌
Bullish on safemoon
You did a bad job about explaining the last part to papa
Money does come from "nowhere" with currencies like this
Been here since 60k followers ! Great Work Coffee! Keep it up
Deployer wallet is true and where it all came from
“Just following orders”, “coffee fans are stupid”.  Considering most of the fans are educating themselves on saving money and aren’t willing to just “go with it”, I question the motives of the people saying these things. Are they upset the scam was exposed?
SafeMoon.. Wonderland.. StrongBlock.. they're all the same when are people going to use some common sense...
When HEX and best person in crypto Richard Heart?
SafeMoon reaction is the same as the surprised pikachu. 🙄🙄
Bitmart is a scam exchange. They lost all the HEX and other coins.
PLEASE DO ONE ON FLOKI INU
Mfkers!!!
If you guys get into cryptocurrency trading, or mining in general, research the projects you put money into, seriously. It is fun and exciting to be a crypto trader, but do some research and don't put in what you're not willing to lose. Diversify!  Blockchain and crypto is still IMO in the same stages as the early 90s internet.
I thought everyone knew about this like 9 months ago
There are youtubers who are promoting this scam on videos that they should take down out of embarassment.
I'll never understand investing in something I can't hold. It feels way cooler having a safe full of cash, silver, gold and gemstones.
"Money doesn't come from nowhere" lmao, so planet earth just had money 4 billions of year ago? damn lucky us!
I put $5k into Safemoon last year, which was a lot to my young family at the time. My heart sank watching this. Lessons learned.
“Call me papa” either didn’t have a clue what was going on. In which case he’s less skilled than a blockchain developer with a few days experience, or, as is kind of obvious, part of the fraud, had full awareness, and still took the funds and is trying to pass the buck. I think once people figure this out he better run.
Let’s use all the SAFEMOON we have to hire a lawyer and take this to court. These guys need to go to jail
“only 2 million”
Dude your jaw boning like a mf.
Good content.  Frightening really, cant belevie a Dev would get paid 1 million.  What a mess.
Honestly, i want to believe him, i don't know much about this stuff but he truly comes across as like he doesn't know
When the villain becomes the hero, see you in court Safemoon.
Oh god i LOVE this, i first encountered safemoon i think around the time when btc peaked, everyone was spamming every ig page in comments with safemoon, discords were flooded with safemoon kids and i wont forget this long conversation with one guy who actually believed in the scam, thank you i love this, fucking dumb people lol XD
Not sure what's more irritating about this dude, his horrible beard, stupid goggles, nickname 'papa' or inability to talk and defend his situation.
this dudes a sociopath and a pretty bad liar
F all these Safemoon ex-employees, current employees, creator, and CEO.
lmao I felt that closure to this video so hard coffeezilla.....like man to build up a case on a project this huge and hold a discord call with a guy who is covering up every question you pitch at him must be "fun" 🙃
Abraham Lincoln was brave to take questions.
No video about the discussion the other day? I feel like you should change your name to FUDzilla, you alone caused a ton of people to lose out on money. Good on you!
Congratulations on one million subs Coffee! I’ve not been here long, but I can say the quality of content here is 11/10. Exposing all these influencers who only want to exploit their followers helps everyone.  The only thing I see from this channel is growth, as scams have become part of daily life.
a w k w a r d
So is Safemoon not going to the moon? 😂
I am now convinced that the majority of people developing these things are incredibly unintelligent and immoral.
That’s many jobs at many companies unfortunately…
Devs salary is not millions of dollars so that argument doesn't sit well with me.
Someone should Look into Nafty (now on v4)
Another amazing investigation... Congratulations to everyone involved. Thank you very much guys! 👏👏👏
im actually glad that safemoon is a fraud
Aquagoat is the same !!!!!
The guy is %100 guilty
Automagically! WTF.
im. here from Scammer Payback....
What do you think of Saitama and shinobi. It's the same principle.
Brother, put my SFM in my safemoonwallet and the day after they were gone. Say this beach to give my 800€ and fast.
will there be a part 3? super good stuff once again
Coffezilla on Netflix the show should be called coffee sluths
As a developer who has participated in blockchain projects I knew safemoon was trash within a few days of its launch. No one believed me.
Papa would make a great politician. Hes full of sh$t
Wonder how you made these people talk. I mean, if they know exactly what their doing, they wouldn’t be talking right? If they want to clear their name, talking and giving new information won’t achieve that. It makes more sense to keep things vague. This leads me to believe these people think what they’re doing is okay because the real person behind the scam is someone else and they’re just passing the blame. Kinda like that experiment where people electrocute a victim under someone’s command.
I find it hilarious every millionaire that stole that's probably genius immediately becomes dumb when questioned
you know what really triggers me ? your ceiling fan turns the wrong way!
a lack of transparency on their end. *my apologies*
Coffezillaa king john will mess u up
These statements will be used in court
Safemoon fans on Twitter still have faith in it. They believe that day is still coming.
Jail these scumbags & the paid insiders.
Absolute banger
the best part about this whole safe mode obsession with coffee Zilla is you're really watching the end of this dude's career.... 😂 bro I hope he made a lot of money before this cuz his legal team going to get fed all of it
So basically we should all be scammers because you get rich and have no punishments
I could never do an interview like this.  I would not be able to hold back my calling out the BS.  This guy is literally just saying "yeah we took it out and went against the white paper but we always told everyone first".  Its a joke answer
The very reason why the SEC needs to step up regulations into the crypto space...
If you commit a crime, don't talk about it
'Papa' kinda sounds like Internet Historian lol
A hell of a lot of misinformation and cut clips in here buddy. It's gonna be hilarious when this "lawsuit" falls on it's face
So no Due dilegence From PAPA the CTO and then new CEO... The F#%& he talking about Wordpress having things in there that shouldn't be. lol. damn fool.
Too much to say so I'll say this... Fuck crypto
It would be hard to prove that he specifically did anything illegal, and at any rate there are bigger easier fish to fry. Especially with his seeming willingness to cooperate. Personally he comes off as a guy who's really smart with computers but not much else tbh.
Can you make a video about Apollo fintech
It’s funny how similar this interview is to the interview with ice posidion. It’s almost as if the same type of people run these frauds and do Olympic gold medal levels of mental gymnastics to justify their theft.
I decided to re-watch an older video of yours coffee : Busting a $20,000,000 NFT Scam (Squiggles) and at 3:21 in video LoganC mentions: "obviously centurion is gabe do you want to list him as owner of the site" I wonder if this gabe and that gabe are linked
Wow, glad I never bothered with this project,  I remember so many talking heads shilling this last year as something huge…the future… seems ya can’t trust anyone, funny that.  Humans being humans. The next big lie to be revealed on mass is the disguised whales who bought up the eth ico (proven on video of Joe Lubin admitting it.)
The only people who messed up safemoon were its own Devs. Very digusting. They should be shot.
If he put in effort, time and hard work, as an individual, he should be paid despite what the outcome of the project.
Scammer Payback sent me.
The lot of them should be serving 25 to life.
The dev didn't know the owner was taking liquidity either he is the shittiest dev on the planet or he is lying.
When will you sell a product, get rich and build an anti criminal organization to take here fools down. When???
The fact “papa” is talking slow, sounds scared and monotone. Big difference from when we first seen him speaking down on followers.
🧢
Trying to distance himself. I guarantee he’ll be involved with another coin soon, if he isn’t already.
I can now see why Safemoon never got listed on Binance.
😱
imagine having a safemoon tattoo......
Yeah definitely not satisfactory answers.  Seems like he's being evasive, just like Elizabeth Holmes and everyone else who gets deposed, saying they "can't recall" anything if it has the potential to make them look bad.
if he was just doing his job he deserves the money, as long as he didn't pull out any bs to steal from the community which idk cuz i didnt put enough attention
I love me some coffeezilla, but even HE is being naive and rationalizing the extreme extent of the fraud. 99% of all of these ICOs, DeFi, NFT and Ethereum projects are fraudulent pump & dumps, wolf of wall st garbage schemes to trick dumb retail money into valuing trash as “innovation” … SAFEMOON is not fraud because they said they would lock it up and didn’t, it’s fraud the same way XRP, ETH, SOL, SHIB and the rest of them are fraud. It’s all just varying degrees of fraud. SAFEMOON was supported by Millionaire YouTube influencers like Keemstar, ethereum is supported by billionaire VCs like a16z but it’s all degenerate mis-selling illegal security garbage trying to ride bitcoin’s dick.
He’s was supposed to be the CTO?! We’ll either he was just given a title or he’s not being truthful.
The "I'm just a dev" defense straddles a fine line. I don't know enough about SafeMoon to say one way or the other.
This "CTO" gives me the impression that he doesn't know shit about Crypto.
Papa's full of shit. Plus, he got way more than $2M, get f*&ked
I love how he kept trying the "oh man they did that after I left" only to immediately be hit with the dates and that he was still on the team when it happened
So Thomas knew what they were doing was wrong, but as long as he got his share, he went with it smh
They always play the "I didn't know, I was dumb" -card after getting caught.
Im a firm believer in freedom and freedom of choice. people that think this well go to the moon deserve to lose all of it.
Show us your wallet!! And we will believe you!!
There is no liquidity pool. I AM THE LIQUIDITY POOL!!!
Thats why i buy renounced contracts with burned liquidity. Bonk
Denial is amazing!...  So many "Safemoon Army" say "look we have already recovered!"  Hey dumb@ss, that doesn't matter if the LP isn't locked. If they can just spend all the money from the LP, it'll all be gone eventually ... Or the LP will shrink so much eventually that there might as well be none...  They're just transferring money from the investors into their pockets.
I would love to get hired by the investors to collect their money back from these thieving little computer geeks!
Love how unimpressed Coffees sprite is with these excuses😆
Get him Coffee! You the man
the crazy thing is if they would of kept locking lp safemoon prolly would be in the top 100 cryptocurrencys right now...
I remember I put $100 back in June 2021 its down to $6 😣😣😂😂😂
Hi, coffee is the best. wondering if there's a community or something where we can exposed NFT scams, a friend of mine lost some assets from his metamask account and now I am trying to find the culprit.
Dude, he totes sounds like he knew what he was doing and either regret it halfway through or fell out with the team.  He'd take "some" respect with him if he at least owned it instead of blame shifting and being dodgy.  PS: When he said "volotality", I spit my tea... And this guy is a blockchain developer? 😆
I see coffee is still snorting his from the table!selective editing at its best! 👁👀🤡
The fact that the lp wasn't locked up by the code itself, that's everything that's wrong with this project in the first place. You shouldn't have to rely on The Devs to manually keep themselves from rug pulling
We weren't going to rug pull, but our stance changed.. LOL what
I lost 3 million tokens in the v2 reverse split.
This whole crypto stuff feels like sleight of hand. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 feet pole
So if I bought safemoon can I get some money back lol
Another banger. Thank you Zilla
💚
Fucking scumbag!  If there is any justice in this world, if karma is something that really happens, this man would be eaten alive by the people he scammed.
Professional self snitching 101
New subbie sent by perrogi.
I ll just sum up the alt coin market, it's all bs. Almost none is legit projects. Anyone buying including myself just has fomo.
coffee killed this one <3 fk safemoon
Guy is still a POS. Morally bent. Playing dumb. Stole money from people. He was the ‘CTO’. He’s either incredibly stupid or smart. And he’s not stupid. He knew what he was doing. A weak man who chose to exploit others through a rigged game. Makes me wonder, his alias is very telling title of what he clearly lacked. And even then, that’s no excuse.   Great work zilla.
Wait, are you telling me the world is real ? And it's not candy floss ? I hope the majority of crypto people have realised this. Yes your future is real, really fragile.
Shady dudes, shady game, shady rules....shady! Glad I never felt the urge to put my money in this game! I hope every damn one of them goes to jail and has to pay all their money back to the investors!! Funny thing is, from the beginning I thought "This Safemoon sh*t just sounds too good to be true"! Mostly from watching you COFFEEZILLA!! So good job! Lo and behold.....big surprise: NOT!
Former DoD, parents former CIA, came from a trailer before getting rich, sounds like Safemoon was an Intel operation headed by a patsy named John, and used as a pretext to perpetrate fraud in order that the government can finally come in an regulate ALL of cryptoFormer DoD, parents former CIA, came from a trailer before getting rich, sounds like Safemoon was an Intel operation headed by a patsy named John, and used as a pretext to perpetrate fraud in order that the government can finally come in an regulate ALL of crypto
You keep posting Bs about money and think people care. No one cares. Move on to a different subject
Eventually they will just play a coffeezilla episode in court, and then close the case without discussion. 😂😂
*Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today..*
wtf is he talking about? and who is Kyle?
He made his own narrative. It was entertaining but he's wrong on this stuff.
PLEASE BREAK DOWN BITGERT
Trailer comment was in bad taste at the very least. Otherwise, great investigation.
He's still got a billion and you don't
You know, I realized why everyone loves Papa when he left Safemoon.
Fraud on so many levels. In my opinion devs cant hide behind, oh the boss told me to do it. You should develop with care and ethics and ye it's even more important on Blockchain contracts. Hiding behind a proxy to do whatever they want but promise everything is locked up is plain intentional fraud on the dev side.
Safemoon was intended to be a rug pull from the get go… Jail them all
I provided a service. Bruh your service was to help people make money and you didn’t do that you failed at your job
why was @keemstar left out? he was a major influencer in the beginning. how'd you forget about him?
Brutal.
The crypto world is ran by manipulators and scammers
All crypto is ponzi scheme and will collapse to $0 once the pool of fools dries up
I mean when it makes sense that the payments from bitmart  that went into John’s account was the money that was supposed to go into the lp and he just pocket it and paid off people with it instead. Maybe that’s what you’re trying to say?
The sadest part is the people on the Reddit believing all this bullshit while loosing money on a daily basis.
my $10 of safemoon is worth $2
Can you please do another expose video on Piggy Token. That would be awesome 👍
....obviously investors are the scammed. And thanks to the fud of this video, if in any case they had the opportunity to overcome their losses, it has already been taken away. So this video is how to finish them off. I don't know if they should be grateful to you or not. In any case, let's hope the truth comes out. And that we have fewer and fewer imposters in the best technology the world has ever known. Developers have a moral duty now. Papa blames others. They are just liars. No basic employee without strong responsibilities receives 2 million. He didn't even do a good job.
if you get scammed and have nothing to lose, justice is going to slow and you probably wont get it, taking things into your own hands wont fix your life but at least its gonna ruin the scammers and make other scammers think twice, not like you have anything else left to lose. in a way you'd be doing a public service reducing the number of future victims.
just call the police. making a YouTube video won't change anything
Omg I knew this coin was junk last year my dad maid me invest  I put money in 3 different time and never was up 1 time in a year lesson I'm no expert but hurry and take what's left of your money and pit it in some place more stable and pray that gose up to try to get some of your money back HURRY  ps I hope all the bloggers who said safemoon was the. Best there allso frud in my books as well
so safemoon is all smoke and mirrors he says it not in so many words.
Dude wants people to call him papa
Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this?   (John 11:25-26) - Only Jesus is our eternal life. Repent. Jesus is coming soon.
How do we sue these guys and get out money back?
Writhe in banality of evil. The system has ins but no outs. Gorbino's quest will soon complete.
Some dude in the legendary crypto Jay discord that was later taken down was explaining to me the bullshit manipulation that giant safemoon wallets were doing to safemoon and other shitcoins. Safe to say I took my money far far away from that shitcoin.
I remember that twitter space where all this shit went down. I joined right when the drama started. Such timing.
You guys do know that zilla calculation is way off …like 95 MILLION OFF…
This will be shown in a court room one day. Can't believe he agreed to this
it was given, eehhmm no sold... no I can't classify it...
I think it would be much easier to just ask Thomas what he actually did? What was the service he provided? It is easier to get him to stop stepping around every question if you find out what he actually did.  He claims to be a dev, but is clueless and knows very little... how could one claim to be a dev on a copy paste contract from another token? 🤔 WHAT DID HE ACTUALLY DO
The sheer amount of stupidity in the Safemoon reddit still defending this garbage is mind boggling.
This is so easily traceable,  the only reason the authorities aren't prosecuting  must be ignorance of the technology
COFFEZILLA Please do a video on Gooniez Gang and other similar NFTs, we really need you out here in this space! Only you can be our Saviour.
I don’t even blame him, if people are stupid enough to give these people their hard earned cash then they are equally to blame. Crypto now and will always be an unregulated scam. If you get involved it’s on you
This show should be called damage control: reprisal.
Just shows most crypto is run by sharlatans who are making millions. I mean look at this guy papa just fudging answers with no clear answers. No regulation no accountability.
the money just disappeared after the conversion
Safemoon scam, there was money in it but I couldn't move to version 2.0 the money disappeared
Hey yall 🙂 how yall doing? 💪💯🔥🔥 if anyone wants to do a collab I'm down to I'm not that good but I'm trying 😂 I appreciate yall reading this and hope you have a better day then before reading this much love y'all 💙💪💯🙏🔥💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
You are so full of crap 🤣
Great news guys, we're migrating all the LP to LJM2. This will be the best one yet.
Papa has no credibility with safemoon anymore
bidding at 5... spt 55
I am calling my Reps and requesting that Coffe gets called before Congress to explain cryptocurrency fraud.  😂
Are you able to post the unedited interview so we can view and listen to the conversation you had with him in full?
Papa will forever be known as a fraudster
You can be a much better investigator if you didnt intimidate the person your interviewing and let them spill it, just learn how police investigators and detectives use certain techniques to make the person guilty spill it
That Thomas guy lieng his as$ off, playing dumb
At first I couldn't tell if he was scam artist or just stupid, then I realized, he's both...
They sold spaceshuttle tickets to the moon, but the shuttles were only ladders. 😆
"im just a dev"  Lets see how that holds in court
investigate Pi next
Another point of the scam is how the sub Reddit is populated by fake paid Reddit accounts acting like they're individual people excited about SafeMoon. They're obviously fake because they're all created within SafeMoon's launch date, and entire post history is SafeMoon posts and comments on the SafeMoon sub Reddit. They're all fake accounts creating the false appearance of a positive sentiment to convince naive investors to buy in
Only 2 millions he said lmaooo
Buy harmony one its actual project phoenix.. wallet with apple coming soon. Safe hardware wallet staking   Best one projects, tranquil finance, the cosmic guild, wenlambo nft, knights and peasants, Mars colony  Thank me later. Gamefi play to earn is passive income all day
I will never hate on someone trying to help investor you can called it fud I called it speaking the truth about coins/projects thanks Zilla I highflying I appreciate you .
I was born in the 80s and that generation does not become an actual adult until 30's. These are CHILDREN running these things. 90s = adult at 40. 2000s = adult at 50. People are wondering why scams are happening? Really?
"I was just following orders"  ...
"dude I was just a guy doing a job, if you want to be mad at someone talk to my superior officers"  -nazi soldiers, 1945
Come on, Stephen…your scam story will be bigger than any video you’ve made up…let’s do this…give us more info 😄
Can someone make a video on coffeezilla being a cocaine user, domestic abuser, and scammer…this would make 1 million views…this is big news…scammer posting about scams
This Thomas guy is exhibiting classic pathological deception personality disorder.
They know they are guilty of fraud and this dude is trying to separate himself from the company like hes the good guy that was tricked like the investors
When he explained to him how he stole the money is when he was stumped and had nothing to say smh
Scammer Payback channel sent me.
This is the problem with account holders in an unregulated market. They think it's their money and so they make all sorts of deals that inevitably see them come out with huge personal payoffs and because they have no idea what they're actually doing they don't realise the bigger picture that this money belongs to the investors. All of it. There is a huge backlash coming and a lot of these people who have profitted from shitcoins might wanna start checking over their shoulders.
What's the point of having a ceiling fan moving that slowly? Please, Coffeezilla, investigate and expose yourself on this.
From Thomas point of view it sounded like a new team not fully comprehending the size of what they were undertaking and mistakes made along the way. With what's been happening lately though it seems to be headed in a better direction. Hopefully John can address some of these allegations.
These people think it’s all good to grift and steal
Why would John be hinting the address of his own address if he was stealing with it... Makes no sense...
Funds are safu
I kinda hate listening to a technically adept Web3 developer pretend he doesn't understand liquidity pool lockups and migrations when he's the one performing the liquidity pool lockups and migrations.
If you go to the JWK show and watch today video, he debunks all of coffeezilla claims.
see ya in court bud lol
Jail.
Keep Exposing these frauds!
I invested around 80-90$ it’s probably worth fuck all now glad I didn’t put more in there ….
AutoMAGICALLY   Into their pockets
You are a genius!! Sell your safemoon, make a video to tank the price and make money off the views and then buy back safemoon at the new low price!!
Commodity currency fucks over everyone.
“Automagically locked up.”
Fraudsters should be in Jail. They are heartless Crooks!
Safemoon army in shambles that they didnt get rich off an obvious scam coin. lmao what a bunch of clowns
Expose Kyle aka safemoon dev. He can run but he shouldn’t be able to hide.
So 300 dollars turned into millions, Nice and the original Dev cashed out.
The safemoon Devs are legit shady, so glad I'm out
BEEN SLEEPING since 4/20!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO I NEED TO WITHDRAW SFM I HAVE LFT?
If you are associated with a scam, does that make you a scammer? YES! YES!! YES!!! IT 100% DOES!!!
Omg Coffee your trending #46 on YouTube gaming!
Another massive fraud and no one goes to jail...  I think it is time to start a coin..
Stay Away From This Coffeezilla Guy Everyone. Just spreads False and Misleading Information. Just Like its been proven already like we all know what happened on his other video
I'm confused on what service he believes they provided.
Only idiots invest in this digital scam  even Musk
ALL crypto bs is a scam. Currency itself is a scam.  THERE WILL BE NO PEACE ON EARTH SO LONG AS CURRENCY IN ANY FORM EXISTS ON THIS PLANET!
I kind of agree with Papa, he did the work and worked out his contract.  If those funds were stolen, unless he stole them, I don't see a problem on his end.  Whoever is paying him though, the theif, he should be held accountable.
I now judge a gaming  project by the quality of there website, if they cannot build a professional website, they cannot build a game..
This video is pathetic. You are trying to hard to fud safemoon.
Rumoni made this dude look like a fool.
Everyone who gotten scammed in crypto should file a class action lawauit against the developers.
Do you guys think is it possible to get money back somehow by class action lawsuit?? After court and whole stuff?
I worked hard at stealing your money so I deserve the money. Lol. Safemoon people should hold him hostage until he pays when you lost.
Doesn't pankake swap offer a way to prove that the lp is locked?
The Safemoon subreddit is swimming in pure distilled cope right now.
I think your fan spins wrong way.
This guy is smart, by verbally establishing his side and minimizing his role while everybody else is quite. Don't be surprised if the FBI reaches out to him offering him a deal.
LIVING IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER
Coffee is top of the game.
So if he was only a dev providing a service and doing what he's been asked by his boss does he have a contract or at least some email exchange that shows he was an employee?
Wow
Hi coffee, thank you fit doing this video!  I've always told the investor community this was a complete rug pull from early 2021.  The safemoon community is very arrogant, especially the investors. Pumped the stock!
Watching all the safemoon-tubers cope is the funniest shit ever
Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.
You obviously know a lot about these subjects, but were you inspired at all by certain crime shows on television or movies to create this channel?  Love your content!
This is Full of Speculation. But this is Youtube there is nothing you can do to prove people. CTO "PAPA" got kicked of safemoon, he wanted to rugpull everyone. John wasnt having it.
papa after coffee keeps flippin it on him: yeah no no no no yeah yeah uh definitely sure no yeah no yeah yeah no
I like how they invent words and processes to simply steal money. Imagine a mugger just using fancy made up language while robbing you!!!  lololol
If you go to safemoon community, people are still defending john. Unreal
Insane how dumb this guy sounds even though he was part of a multi million dollar scam...hmmmm
You should ask these people if they're looking forward to meeting their new prison cellmates.
Once you took the heat off Papa he started talking freely but Prior when you were speaking on him being fraudulent then heys throwing it in a circle 😂
Ahh I sold Those drugs because I was paid to argument so I'm not liable
You should do more research on the token Saitama a lot of shady things happening in the back scenes. Would be a juicy video tbh.
Great interview,  well researched and kept it respectful but held him accountable.  I said a while ago that safemoon reminds me of theranos.
What do these people think will come of them talking to Zilla? You are guaranteed to be embarrassed there is no way you can talk you way out of it. Can't dispute facts. Damn how can someone be so stupid but able to scam millions
Apparently he provided 2 million dollars worth of coding value to a copy and paste token that didn't even do what the wrapper said. High quality stuff
Coffee you need to do a series on shady-ass lobby deals...PLEASE
Did you ask him about that weird twitter post where he said he was offered like 2 million to work with XRP or something like that?  Yet the other team had never heard of him?
“Which part?” Like which part isn’t fraud?
Basically he says:  "I sold out, what more do you want from me"
Hey have you seen the UFC NFT?  Thoughts?
Bitcoins not money it shouldn't be protected as money this isn't even a crime
You create some of the most interesting and relevant content on the YouTube right now coffee. Love the change of just shit posting. I thoroughly believe that one day in the future internet investigation will be a real division of law enforcement.
I absolutely LOVE this channel, but I don't know, or understand, any of the stuff Coffeezilla is talking about. Does he have a video somewhere that explains what these terms mean, because it all comes across as a foreign language to me. I don't know shit about Crypto, NFTs, etc. I need a primer course on this shit.
Jiffy lube was literally selling people f****** bumper fluid. I think we should take out the biggest fraud ever the Federal reserve before we worry about these nobodies
The biggest fraud ever was Tesla a fraud hat I know hurt people personally was Uber.
“I was only following orders”
Is there someway they can sign Safe Moon over to Coffee
When are you going to expose some Mafia people or some hardcore gangsters they're doing the same s***
But the said SafeMoon was safe?  Where could things go wrong? =S
These scumbags just never stop coming do they? Lol
all these guys are scammers and deserve jail. he can spin anyway he wants.
We’re the investors also allowed to sell their tokens?
If he had no clue they were stealing then sure he "earned" it but he 100% knew.
make a video on logan paul nft
How does the hacker that stole safemoon from Bitmart last yr have a role in this issue?
Who needs television when you have this top content around?
"One of the hallmarks of mania is the rapid rise in complexity and the rates of fraud" - Michael Burry
I own Safemoon and I'm pissed. I feel like I should dump it and contribute to the price drop.  The problem is . . . these videos will probably be mostly forgotten in a month and not have a terminal effect on the tokens price. If Safemoon drops new products, the price could even climb back up some. Crypto, especially the newest altcoin market is like everything else in this age. . . it's like a religion, like politics. We pick our God, our political party, our "to the moon crypto" and nothing, not even solid evidence will convince us we were wrong. I see all the time, a crypto gets completely rug pulled, investors lose 100% and the dev team gives some lame excuse as to why the rug pull wasn't their fault. A few months later, the same dev team introduces another token, and people will buy it. . . EVEN PEOPLE WHO LOST EVERYTHING ON THE FIRST COIN!  We've entered the age of designer truth.
This man is doing the job that no one knew we needed and I love it!
Would you please put my man in the F.B.I investigation task force. 👮‍♂️🕵️‍♂️
It's funny looking at the Reddit accounts of people who buy into cultcoins, there is one of a guy who screamed and cussed at everyone who was telling him bitcoinconnect was a scam but when they couldn't deny it anymore it was just 'Ah well it's just money lol' then a month later they already bought into another shitcoin and were aggressively defending it.
Zilla Question:  Do you believe J Karony committed Fraud? Thomas Answer:  Yes.    Zilla: What makes you think that?   Thomas:  Because of the way John treated people on their way out.   What a Joke!!!
that's enough of making FUD, you are still crawling on, get your exit bag now. stop your bull shit.
Safemoon is absolute scam
Coffee is our watchdog. Keeping our moonshots safe. To the moon bro, come on!
Myyy braaaain
I might get :"the liquidity is still the liquidity:" tattooed on my forehead
Please do one on Medacoin/Medabots
A pure bum took 2 million plus more then say I'm just a employee while riding the title of cto. Mr xrp wanted me but I proudly decline head ass smh
Hey man, I'm just a developer whether I'm developing fraudulent works or not I'm JUST deving man Idk man I feel like I deserve all the millions I- err THEY scammed from the investors. Is basically what I understood from his last response lol.. Fucking dope ass video like always Coffee love watching you Uno reverse card all of their misinformation.
Please do 'IM Academy', It has gone to enormous proportions.
Solid work. The haters laugh when complex math and equations don’t work out. Lead developer said again “it wasn’t automatic” . Total fraud.
As someone who has been watching you since Coffee Break with 12k subs, still love and watch your content to this day. An absolute legend!
As much as i think this guy is a real piece of shit, I kinda can't help but agree with him at the end. If he works out a deal to no whistle blow on them, as scummy as it is, the company have decided to give away that money to him. Still screw him but he doesn't own the business, id feel bad lol
🤣🤣🤣
Why do these morons do interviews.. must be pure ego because everyone knows they're guilty
So Thomas knew what they were doing was wrong, but as long as he got his share, he went with it smh
I lost 100rs🤕
Hey coffee ur fan blades are backwards
They should all be jailed. It's a big Fraud same like Maddof
Anyone who wants people, other than family, to call him "Papa" is not to be trusted! Just my opinion...Not Financial Advice!
what about the Pre-sale whale who appeared from nowhere and took $60 Million???
FRAUD
Coffee dropping that straight fire lately
CoffeeZilla 👑
Im not sure if his facial hair or financial whereabouts are more of a crime
This guy’s a massive POS he’s avoiding all accountability, “there was no organization at the time, I never said the LP was locked up” just a snake stealing people’s money.
"We both know money can't come from nowhere."     U.S. Federal Reserve:  "Are you sure about that?"
God these people are hella trashy
If you a scammer just invoke the 5th all the way, you can't talk your way out of it, specifically with coffe lol
PLEASE do UpCoin created by Youtuber UpShod. It came out last year. Still bitter about that 💩. Dropped 10k in. We trusted him. He rugged it right when we were sitting at roughly 200k. Others put in substantially more than us. Disgusted!!
This is just a reminder of why decentralization is unsafe .
Everrise the pinnacle of Defi
Sfm needs everown by Everrise
Everrise is what safemoon wished they could be
I’m a dev too, but I didn’t realize part of my compensation was stealing millions from my org’s investors. Guys I think I’m being underpaid
Just Hodl Everrise you can sleep at night
Coffee your content is stellar. Really appreciate your channel. :)
Watching coffeezilla while drinking coffee before work 😌
Coffee be doing God's work
CTO was making at least 900hr. Average dev can make 50hr. No. Hes not just a dev...
I resent him using Dr Steel's avatar when doing stuff like this. Dr Steel deserves better.
papa looks like a nonce
I don't like how Papa tries to dance around the details. It's slimy.
The moron should only be speaking through a lawyer at this point.
What the Rumoni guy is claiming on Twitter is true or not?
Papa could be a politician the way he avoids questions and just blatantly lies through his arse. Has he actually convinced himself that he deserves that money? He can't be that stupid, did all his other dev jobs he's had pay a few million a year? Doubtful. Glad I saw through this complete and utter scam and didn't ape in.
All these "CTOs" and "CEOs" and whatever. What a bunch of mediocre scammers hidden behind big words.
Movie incoming?
Sorry man, I never made it past the first minute as wanted to see if you had the integrity to correct your last video's inaccuracies in the intro of this one. While a lot of your points are valid, leaving the proven and admittedly inaccurate video up to harvest YouTube ad revenue while claiming fraud is deliciously ironic. FYI, I happen to agree that Papa is shady and Safemoon has it's issues. But apparently, so do you....and I don't think a pinned comment akin to a newspaper page 7 redaction absolves you of that.
shiba inu, ur next
let's be real. every time in history that shady deals happened and people made millions of dollars, nobody goes in jail.
If yo lp aint really locked up...man thats fraudulant and fucked up. Yeah i know this rhymes.
What kind of idiot would engage with you while the FBI is investigating lmfao
It’s funny I managed to get in more a less at the start and thought this is fishy now and got out at the highest point because I spotted irregularities in transactions happening.
Shits the biggest fraud of 2021 crazy how people can quite literally rob a fucking bank and just walk away 😂
It's hilarious how the entire reddit group is incredibly much in denial on levels of religious relativism. Coffee, you're a gem!
It's funny how he said none of these platforms actually do the 10 percent thing it's to hard they just buy the currency and hope you handle it the other platforms need to answer some questions
The name safe moon is the red flag.. I would rather invest in a “its gunna be one hell of a ride and you will most likely lose all your Money” coin
He can't give us a conversation ever just jump cuts
Add a bit of softness to the keying.
Taking 10% extra without any evidence of where it is going surely should have sounded alarms. Thats insane and ingeniousness. People are stupid, i hope this bubble bursts.
Dude might be a liar and a cheat, but he has a pretty good laugh.
this man should be safely send to the moon and never come back.
hes a dev
Great interview, especially bringing the discussion back to the ground ("But money can't be created out of nothing right? It must have come from SOMEWHERE.").
To me seems to be legit, where can I buy safemoon?
chadzilla
Do a video on Tim Sykes. He’s the most widely know penny stock trader that uses his followers to pump and dump stocks then collides with short sellers to short stocks to oblivion trapping unsuspecting retail investors .
How come most videos you can click on it and hit “do not recommend channel” but some you can’t? It’s always the ones I really don’t want too.
Papa is distancing himself from the fire he created.
Papa somehows sounds like he wanted make this work but he dont just understand how world works or if someone gets money someone lose it i am happy to read all rage message what i get when i saybuts scam
You could try to get a statement from kyle?
How many crypto coins haven't been rug pulls/scams at this point?
lol he is trying to clean his hands.
Drake meme nah: Pyramid scheme. Drake meme oh yes: Pyramid scheme, but in crypto!
Please do XRP next. It will be interesting to compare it to Safemoon.
if he's so uncomfortable about it why don't you send me and many others our money back lucky i only invested $80 dollars so not much of a loss but i know of people who invested over $1000 dollars.
Also your editing and pacing is on point as always, good shit
"Safely to the moon" yeah like Apollo 13
Anyway you can investigate titano finance?
Definitively talked to people dead sure that various crypto projects can just create money out of nothing but I still never know if it is the ignorance defense or if they really don't know any better... Good content though, Thank you!
Are people still buying Safemoon? Man the government needs to shut it down.
The final answer, do you feel ok with this? "Im a locksmith, if someone wants to pay me to break into a house so we can take their possesions, I'm still peforming my job as a locksmith at the end of the day"
BITCONNECT!!!! I mean 😢 SAFEMOON TO THE MOON 🌚.
Can you cover Jesse Eckel and his Sphere Finance ponzi scheme? It's already at $100M market cap.
Talk about dxn
Safemoon and the crypto currency is cultlike
dude you’re the fucking goat. Lol researched & execution on point.. Shit on the scammers 🤣🤣 “300$ out of pocket” after scamming hundreds of millions he acts like 300$ is alot out of pocket.
You can see triggered Safemoon supporter in the comment section. Just like Lana Rhoades, Ice Poseidon and "Save The Kids" supporter. Who's next?
Defamation lawsuit coming
And.... You missed this.... intentionally? 0xC529191E4f4dC09bd1Fb9325B18aa04A738B82e6
Coffeezilla forgot he called BITCOIN a scam. It would be a mistake listening to him again. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. P.s: This video shows coffeezilla cutting off speakers and grasping at straws, V1 is not the same as V2 because its like two different tokens.
Why the snirk about someone living in a trailor?  I mean really.. shows you the character coffee... SMH what a POS
Great work,  you are doing the work the regulators arent doing,  exposing modern day snake oil salespeople these people should be in jail, where are the authorities? Busy fighting the bs  war on drugs
At this point, the whole crypto is ajoke. One can easily rugged the money and profit
So is anyone actually suing this guy specifically?  Imagine how many other projects actually get away with shit like this...
Uncomfortable...... But not uncomfortable enough to give stolen money back !!!!!!!!!!
If your boss tells you to complete a task, you do it. The boss/owner is held accountable. This lad is doing a job, end of.
Honestly, I don’t blame any of these guys. It’s the investors who are fools in the first place to buy into crypto thinking they can get rich overnight.
Looking forward too the BLINU SCAM EXPOSÉ
Just like the others. is it that easy to become a millinonare?  / Sweden!
All crypto is a ponzi racket, avoid like the plague.
Oooof, that last line of defense... "hey I'm only a rifleman, I wasn't the one who gave the order to gun down those civilians, so that's okay, right?". Dude...
What's wrong with this comment section? Where is the Safemoon army?
Papa believes his own lines of poo
So Thomas admits that there was a pre-sale, he cashed out at least 2M$ (obviously more but lets stay with the money he confirms cashing-out), says that there was never an auto-lock function on the contract and calls Karony a fraud.  Meanwhile, there are troglodytes who still defend the "honor" of Karony.
Thomas is full of shit. People still on the SFM FB page are still living on Hopium.
I think if he really worked as dev, and have just done what he as to do he deserves the money
"Dicey...dicey!" 😬 Maybe Uncle Mordecai here should have stuck to falconry instead of international fraud, this guys slimier than a frog swimming in KY jelly.  He only agreed to talk to get out ahead of this thing, notice how when you suggested in passing that using "6abe" as code was smart he shot that down straight away, saying it was stupid.  This guy knows far more than he's letting on but he's clever enough to know that it's less suspicious to walk away from the crime slowly and calmly as opposed to running and hiding you face.
i did my part and advised ppl on tiktok not to buy this shit...if they ignored me its on them.
So what you're saying is this guy has my $100k I invested? What's his address, imma come say hi.
Safe moon is fraud.  Bitcoin is ponzi  Eth is mlm.  Shock horror who didn't know this?
Hey Coffeezilla, I've recently been hearing about this crypto space called 'meta bounty hunters', they seem to be a 'multi-level marketing' pyramid scheme crypto currency community relatively new, but suspicious as hell.
Holy Shit!!!! So mad at John and SFM.  I hope and wish you were/are wrong but it’s not looking like that!! Where’s John to fess up or legitimately defend himself and SFM. I want my $3500 back.
man they talk about millions of dollars like it was a few tenners
We must protect this guy
So many 8nvestors and holder sof safemoon and it only keeps going down, the only explanation is they are siphoning funds, im glad i sold my safemoon before it goes to zero
Hmm this guy never heard of the word collective or joint enterprise, they're excuses have a common theme I've noticed, the word seperation (when the timings right).
Insert a creative comment here, that makes me seem like a 5head NFT bro.
The more I watch these videos the more I realise people just don't understand how these things work.
"Money doesn't come from nowhere."  Fractional-reserve banking system : "Hold my beer..."
It's funny when people pretend to have ethics after being so deep into crypto scams, where the whole idea is to get as much money as you can while you can no matter what
the only Papa you should trust is Jesus and im sure he not looking like that
Hey anti-crypto guys who came here, coffeezilla owns some ethereum. Good night and f*ck safemoon.
Eminifx
papa john delivering them pizzazilla answers.
Can you into eminifx?
Now do Hyperfund/Hyperverse Zilla...
I hope these guys don't think they are bullet proof, if you stuff with the wrong person you will get burned one day
Damn, were you a detective before?
Why do all of these crypto scammers always say they deserve the money because they own the project or something
You should start looking into Hex
Wow. I admire your stability, talking to this guy. My voice would be crackling with rage.
He sounds pretty ignorant of what was going on in my opinion. If fraud was occurring, it definitely doesn't sound like his doing.
Lock them up forever…..
Bro ur getting really good at this.
DEV.........nah POS.
Buy the Dip! 😂
fudzilla ^_^
Correct me if I’m wrong, but haven’t all these accusations been disproved with admissible evidence?
I don't know who's dumber, the people who invested in this fecal medallion or the dev's who thought the blockchain wouldn't incriminate themselves.
I like how these guys couldn't stop themselves from skimming the top of the LP almost every time there was some movement in it. "Oh what's this? an LP migration? well... DON'T MIND IF I DO... _licking fingers_
I AM FOAMING AT THE MOUTH TO PUT THESE PIECE'S OF SHIT IN PRISON, I WISH THEY WOULD SLIP UP AGAINST ME, I WANT TO PUT THEM IN PRISON.
I tag safe moon with the previous YouTube video I think they saw it hahaha
Put these criminals in prison.
Is this the end of Safemoon? Do we get to lose our money? I need answers pleeeeeeeease!
I would not not to live knowing someone will correct this finally. Breath deeply it may be your last.
The biggest mistake Karony made was registering an LLC in the US ... now they are definitely going to jail  - Whoop Whoop
TL:DR  The so called Lead Dev tries to weasel his way out and justify his riches by "I have been doing the work"  While in reality they just forked the code and played around with free website tools   Tries to lie his way to a clean conscious but gets exposed by Coffee
@Coffeezilla  How much $ did you make on the dip? Show your wallets publicly
Thank you Coffezilla! These crypto scams are gaining far too much momentum! I appreciate an influencer who cares enough to call out these scams.
Nobody thinks they’re the villain. Everyone justifies why they did what they did and if they admit wrongdoing it’s because they want immediate forgiveness.
A lot of things do not add up🤕🤕
so safemoon did make millionaires! but it's not the ones investing in it
You can tell this comment section is full of people that lost money. I made bank off Safemoon and Doge, amongst others lol  Don't let videos like this confuse you, smart people are making money!!!!
Get Off SafeMoon’s Nutz!!
If I made a crypto named 'S.C.A.M', I am pretty sure people would invest. Just have to give a good acronym like Safe Crypto Aimed to go the Moon.
Reddit was so full of safemoon ads, i knew the second i saw the first one that it was a scam
Damn, Coffee is a G!  Get ‘em!
I love how everyone on the safemoon reddit ignores literally everything because there was 1 discrepancy in the previous video. This guy was always bragging and saying stuff like "I'm never leaving" when people started to worry. He also had debates with people about how it's not fraudulent and acted very condescending, you asked good questions and didn't give him any wiggle room. Good job.
You need to go all the way on these people.
Fucking applying the Nuremberg logic, I only followed orders and that's it, but never have the fucking balls to see they were gonna screw people.  Hate this kind of guys, he wil be a perfect torturer.
Wow bro made it to over 1 mil. Congratulations fr well deserved!!
The final part be like "im just the bookeeper of that mafia gang, you know, i always been, i got the money because i was doing a job, bookeeping, thats fine."
hi
Sounds like theft
Somebody tag Safemoon Joe 🤣🤣🤣🤣
i just hope they get some years behind bars, so they can think about that stuff more closely. And maybe that will send a signal to other potential scammers to not do it, because they will get caught and send to jail, as they deserve!
Nice
I mean yeah, you got hired to scam some people so you're just doing your job, but you're also scamming people. So maybe you're not a good guy in all of this?
Safest of moons
And the saga continues!
Coffee had to have been in sales previously. So good at building rapport
Please ask him why tf he wants to be called "big papa" no grown man should be telling other grown men & women to refer to him in that manner. Bro is a lunatic.
#44 trending in gaming apparently 😂 pump the stock ✊🏼
Do whatnot... Corporate address is a rented mailbox...scary
"I know nothing!"
I'm so happy i found your channel! You are the pinnacle of what journalism should be. Please keep up the good work!
He’s over explaining which is a common symptom of someone trying to give validity to a lie.
You should take a look at the nft ponzi scams called pegaxy and cryptomines.
As a lawyer... he is doing his best to protect himself from the near future prosecution and jail... however because he knows about the so called gabe wallet... he is covering his own rear end...
Everybody knew safemoon was a scam
Its important to note that the ownership of the SAFEMOON contract was a huge issue. If the contract was renounced, then there could be no post-editing of tokenomics. There is a renounced contract Safemoon clone named Dogebonk. DYOR.
Sounds like a bunch of BS he knew exactly what was going on. He is just trying to save his ass in the upcoming court case.
You've hit a whole new level since the CoffeeZilla Christmas, keep up the mahi <3
This dude knew all this...he didn't care he was getting rich.
MORE FUD POOR GUY
I cant believe korone did all this. I thought she was a good dog
Amazing content coffee!!!!✅🔥💯. Back to the safemoon Reddit to read the posts about this being FUD and how they should file a lawsuit against you 😂🤣😃
how about dexit network is it a scam? 🤣🤣🤣
When do we see whats behind that door?
Just so this doesn't get misinterpreted. When migrating from the v1 to v2 liquidity pool, a certain amount of each asset was obviously taken and sold to an exchange. This money was illegitimately acquired but did not actually effect the price directly since the ratio of the two assets would have remained the same. The effect this did have was decreasing liquidity and thus increasing volatility (which is what the interviewee mentioned).
hay quá Phúc ơi, nổi cả da gà luôn nè, thấm vào từng mạch máu
@cofffeezilla Why isn’t the DEV team being investigated by the FBI ? Papa’s argument is ridiculous especially if he knows that he was cheating investors.
I like Safemoon tokenomics tbh but I don't want to deal with any of the sketchy backend shit like this.  Anyone know coins that are...safer...than Safemoon?
Yo go coffee
they dont give a F about those victims coz that's how they make a living.
Can you do soccer scam theres a player whos audios came out asking to help him on games ( team barcelona: player name pique ) who is a real life scammer and stole money from the club
dude have people calling him PAPA .....dafuq
I hate to say it but I do take his side. Working in startups the CEO has all of the control over direction, pivoting constantly and overpromising and underdelivering. He was looking at it as a job. Im in a similar position as him, and I suspect some shady activity but as long as checks are getting delivered and im providing value, I did my part and earn the money that theyre paying me
Crazy thing is Papa didn't do a damn thing the whole year he was there. All he did was move SafeMoon around to siphon the money out.  Hes at the helm of the problem.
They should have named it “Harm Moon”
A criminal is always heroic in their mind
Gotta say I kinda agree with the man. He did what he was paid to do. They needed his services 🤷‍♂️
Papa is shiesty. He was moving all that money around, he got out before it got exposed.
I hope this goes to court.
This is stupid, memecoins don’t actually have memes nowadays. I only love bonking. I’ll just load on some DOBO. fk u all.
Coffee you should do one on Ring Financial. These node forks have been rugging ever since. Seems to originate from Ring
please investigaste zack morris
Oh well, Crypto is the wild wild west. If you were dumb enough to buy a shitecoin like safemoon, you deserved to lose your money lol...
I do sort of agree with his stance at the end.  He’s a dev, he was hired to do a job.  Now, whether or not he’s being completely truthful about his knowledge on whether or not he was doing something illegal, is a different story
Kind of a shame. If they would have stuck to what they said they were doing they would have made a load of money without stealing it.
That’s why capthodl left 🤔
ahh the ol' shaggy excuse. "It wasn't me"
Do you drug people with  Truth  Syrum
This is fraud. Scammers
Please do Jasmy Token, something very shady is going on with it. Continuous pumps and dumps with high profile companies involved.
It's plague birthday
Papa of scammer
You were talking to the one who stole the project and most one who doesn’t not belong to the project and do not even deserve to be a member of this company.
It's like a really good, really bad scary movie.  I'm on the edge of my seat watching this unfold but we all knew how this plot would unfold a looooooong time ago.
The papa knew wat was going on!! 2 million  Scumbag  Legal theft! Not fair play
Thank you, coffee
Never trust anyone that looks like Dr. eggman from sonic
1 million,  congrats!
This is textbook fraud. If criminal courts won’t take these guys down, I hope the civil courts do.
Ooof i mean ooooofff
Appreciate the work done. Please look into pancake bunny project. Please expose this slow rug scammers as well. Many people got badly burned by them. Thanks
Why is this #42 trending on gaming? This has nothing to do with gaming.
What journalists are supposed to be. Well done.
Nice work. If bitmart paid tano (Karony) the 5% that was supposed to be put back into the LP, shouldn’t there be a record of the LP deposit? Damn I hope John has a good answer to these accusations. Not sure if you know this, but John actually comes from wealth, so framing him as impoverished is a bit disingenuous. Still, nice work. 👍
Despite the Major error in the last video.  I understand coffee's arguement and I believe this is Fraud straight up.  however you want to twist it or backpedal perhaps.  People behind safemoon are damaging the coin and it's value.
excellent work coffee
Trending 42 on gaming Which is GG all the way coffee
I am proud of my boy coefe
Hex vs Safemoon  Check the charts and you will find the answer
"A Billion Dollars Fraud" is that click bait to start so people watch your channel ??
It's neat seeing all the butt hurt supporters of safemoon chime in on tweets, but then you ask them to show proof, they all go quiet. N they have to resort to group effort targeted harassment, instead of facts.. lol..
Love the vid and the funny answers you got. It's also funny the answers from Safemoon Joe and the JWK show all skirt around that LP issue and try to knitpick other tiny points. Maybe you should call them out too.
Papa is one of two things. 1. Really really dumb, or 2. One of the strongest most terrifyingly manipulative minds that I have ever heard. Spoiler alert; I don’t think he is dumb.
Anyone who defaults to "I  specifically, didnt do/say anything illegal or unethical. It was the organization that did illegal things" is immediately guilty in my book.
Coffee your one of the most underated content creators on this platform. amazing editing, quality, and research into your videos man keep it up!
Thanks to you coffee, I’ve seen now that safemoon is a scam company. I’ve trust in them, I’ve put a lot of money on safemoon but now I’ve sold all of my safemoon on moved on. I’m in lost 90% like all safemoon investors but thank to you I’ve sold the rest of my safemoon. Great work coffee, you’ve opended I think many safemoon investors eyes, like mines
Investigate Cardano next.   That whole situation is shady.   XRP too.
Just because your a DEV does not mean you have no moral or ethical standpoint.
I love you
the calls with all these guys are like Ice Posideon.  so you just took the money? yep. are you going to give it back? nope. Do you feel any remorse or guilt whatsoever? nope. But you can see why people would be angry? yep.
You wanna gamble on these trash coins throw 10$ at it
Same shit different pile of ain’t Bitcoin and ETH don’t buy it
Honestly, if you see a hundred rug pulls and you keep doing this, you deserve what happens to you.
Safemoon is the future
If any of the developers made money from it, they should be sent to jail right away
You’re not a researcher
What a bunch of doublespeak.
This was better than the Tiger king series. You should get this safemoon debate on Netflix.
It's Papa!
I think jonh stay and belived in the project  cause he fired every single one that made the fraud  at the beggining...!!!!
dev is a dev. he has a point. people get paid to work.
Papa looks like ice presiden in a beard wig
Selective editing??
It’s so funny how all of these scammers are slowly but surely being exposed and tried in court lol love it
I Put In $1,000 Into SafeMoon Almost 10 Months Ago Now I’m At $140.56 … Literally Scam Coin… I Want My $$ Back
Safemoon is gona eat shit after this dude is done!!
This coffee zilla clown is manipulating and using his viewers to attempt  to destroy the safemoon market... only to secretly buy in cheaper than most were able too.....isn't this "accusation" as credible as his???
Liars and losers!!!! Took the investors and made fools of them! Cant believe no one is in jail on this yet!
Hits a million subs and exposes everyone! Love it
Safemoon had and has so much potential by the investors but Devs and exchanges had other plans.
Great job. Rob's Crypto YT channel does a great job documenting the fraud. He hasn't posted in a while..
Keep them coming my brother. I appreciate your dope ass content!
You can't bring down safemoon army ......won't happen....
How will it feel when things go the opposite way click click click lol
Idk coffee, I think you went to soft on him, kinda reminded me of a leftie on CNN. Face it, your a nice guy at heart
This guys way of explaining screams guilty
Man you truly don't stop upping your game, you've completely changed the landscape of scams on youtube. That's amazing
Consider: most of the people watching this video are NPCs, and they will learn nothing from this scenario.
This smells 🐡
Interesting, so he gets to keep the investor's money because he added real value and doubling down that was taken from the LP. That's a fair point as a defense to bring up in court.
Great job Coffee, as usual! :)  You provide a very valuable service sir, which is greatly appreciated!  Im surprised this guy was willing to talk to you TBH!!  Surely he had to have known what he was walking into! I suppose he probably figured it would make him look better .tho  BTW, Where do i apply to get my 'SafeMoon' token refund?  Cheers mate! ~Whimsy
Anyone who wants to be referred to as "Papa" not in the context of his children is hella sus
Wow, what a smarmy and imperious turd.
It doesn't take guts to add a few more minutes of fame to their stunt.
From the beginning I thought most people knew Safemoon was a scam?
I worked really hard to scam these people. I totally deserve this money.
Coffeezilla is the best
Eth is basically a bigger version of Safemoon. Gas fees, money going to the Eth foundation, money going to consensus etc etc. Its all centralize even though they claim not to be. They paid the SEC millions under the table to get a free pass.
"only made $2million" damn man i need to learn to code solidity
imagine being a safemoon investor LOL
Why they are not in jail ?
Great detective work Coffee.
Hire this man
when lambo
Papa looks like Count Olaf
Look at saitama inu it's the new safemoon great work btw!!
It's getting to the point where we will start to see interviews with lawyers present im sure
Where do I sign up to sue Safemoon?
when you hate your boss so much that you incriminate yourself to get at him...
Congratz on 1 million coffee!
It's SO FUNNY how this strategy backfires - "I'm just going to go public and defend myself, so that helps prove that I'm innocent" hahahahahaha
I'm torn between regulations and not imposing regulations.
How do they get away with scams like this time and again?
All these safemoon plebs wanting to keep safemoon alive even though they got ripped off by the exact people they would be financing if they keep dropping money into it lol
Love the videos! I'm a safe moon holder.... Or bag holder... something along those lines. F these pcs of sh*t I'm not worried cause I only have a few bucks in it but you better believe they'll get there's in the end!!
I hope you can talk with John and settle this. But why now this is very old information, so why not let the law take care of it
I'm pretty sure that this guy thinks he can out-smart everyone pretending to be just a puppet or a side-person in this scam.  When this could be pretty much orchestrated by the team until the end.
Congrats on trending Coffee!
Sooo... this is the Papa guy... a crypto dev who thinks he's worth 2 million... I can't say I'm impressed.
You're the frickin' GOAT, Coffee.
"Only" 2 million dollars lol. There are people doing honest and hard labour who will never see that amount, and their hands built or made things that are far more useful and important than NFTs ever will be.
They’re going to be sleeping with the fishes soon.
Seems like he got caught in a bad situation
Does it help that his pic makes him look like a villainous character?  I think it helps.
Pump the stock, Zilla Nation
Ya'll stop by the safemoon subreddit lmao
The problem with cases like this is the complexity. A regular jury would be unable to follow half of this. You need to have some information about crypto to understand even the basics.
23:50 a service paid with stolen money. I think that maybe illegal.
I guarantee all of these guys he talks to have already talked to their lawyers long ago , knowing nothing illegal was done! I cannot imagine there are that many of these guys willingly stepping in front of the firing squad.
Can we get a coffe vs scammers boxing match?
papa <3
Sorry, "papa," but before being a dev you are a human being, and an intelligent one at that. You could have just said "the money was good so I ignored the bullshit" and at least been truthful, not this poorly conceived attempt at absolving responsibility by claiming you were akin to a horse with blinders that just didn't see anything wrong.
I appreciate the subtitles
If you heard of a crypto coin to invest in called “safe moon” and you didn’t immediately think it was a scam, you deserve to lose money.
Thanks Coffee
I don't understand why he was willing to be interviewed
#41 trending on gaming? Damn coffee, I thought this was irl
honestly, a fucking joke!! they knew what they were doing but everyone is playing dumb 'cause like that we can get plausible deniability!
SOMEONE NEEDS TO CONFRONT YOU ABOUT THE QUALITY OF YOUR MERCH ! ITS ACTUAL DOG WATER , WTF MAN BE BETTER
John is a king, man really went from a trailer to a millionaire just by taking advantage of idiots. I don’t blame him this is capitalism, take advantage of the morons😂
when your crypto devs look like Discord Mods. dont buy it
Wow. This has been so interesting to see. You are awesome Coffee. This is one of the best that I've seen you catch and confront
Wow how many ads can you fit in the video lmao
You are so full of crap.  Didn't you learn when everything in the first video was shot down?
You pretty much punched a beehive and then threw it in your house with this one. Haven't watched yet but if it's anything like the last the safemoon sub is going to be livid 😂
Don't believe anything that sack of s*** says
there’s not many people i respect in my life besides my father, mother, fiancé and coffee. it takes a lot of fucking balls to do what you do
You should investigate Howard Kreiger and ERSDL (Unfederal reserve)
I want to see Karony behind bars.
Moral of the story crypto is just scams👍
“I’m uncomfortable with that” that means nothing, we all know he will never give the money back. Lol
Off to prison and asset forfeiture in their futures. Especially the CIA kid, unless safemoon is actually….
He made way more than 2 million
Exploit early, Exploit often
All these crypto people love the US Dollar 🤔
Even if they charge the policy about locking the LP or even if they never has stated that to begin with, rug pull is fraud. The LP is not something anybody can own except investors as a whole.
Bro I went to YouTube safemoon and it’s bad. They have the holders brainwashed. Just look at “papa” shady asf! The owner taking liquidity! Where tf is the SEC when you actually need them
Is the FBI hearing this????
crazy u over a milly subs now i remember when it was like 150k
You need a Coffeezilla coin. I'd like to see you bring up a successful cryptocurrency
hi
The way you deal with these confrontational interviews is better than most JCS videos I've seen lmao
How is it that 4.50% mortgage interest rates are predatory, but the unregulated and undocumented redistribution of 5-10% of each trade fee is totes okay??? 5-10% is leagues beyond too good to be true.
Geeze man, so much of this has been disproven as false. You screwed your dignity and character big time with this one. I no longer can trust what you say.  🤦🏻‍♂️ you’re just a hackjob in my eyes now. Now I question the credibility of all of your other videos.
Here we already thought we were in the 'bad times, caused by weak men'... 🤦‍♂️
*It's crazy how much time and effort you put into these videos. Huge respect. Keep up good work.* ❣❣👍👍👍
24 minute video and ZERO new information your wasting your time bro this isn't going nowhere. At this point it just seems like your milking the safemoon community i guarantee you have personally witnessed how strong the "SAFEMOON ARMY" is. Most of us know all that information wayyyyy before you caught on and we are aware of what happened in the past and it "was" a risky investment but we are now in the present time things have COMPLETLY changed you should look more into the positives which safemoon has far more then negatives but oh yeah your only trying to create fud you dont talk about the good.
Thank you, glad I sold it all last week!
I think Karony and Papa are just as surprised as we are about all this. I mean I’m pretty sure Karony’s just scratching his head while looking at the millions of dollars in his wallet trying to figure out where it came from 😂
Follow up questions destroy scams and fascists.
Fraud. Straight fraud.
I see his point that he was just 'following' orders so he doesn't feel bad about the money that he was paid, but that makes it pretty obvious that he knew full well what was happening, because this clearly wasn't the first time he had to justify his earnings, i.e. he was justifying it to himself the entire time.
my take: all  the high-ups are scammers and should be put to Court justice (to say it mildly) ...
This will be admitted into evidence during the trial.  Papa's ego must be enormous and living in a country that doesn't extradite.
Send him to the slammerrrrrerr
"I'm providing real value on my end" then how come he averts asnwers or claims he does not know. Has a title CTO and says the decisions are not his. What value is he bringing?
bro but who’s paying you?
in banking it does come from nowhere lol
How is someone intelligent enough to scam a million dollars yet not intelligent enough to not answer all these damning questions? Dude agreed to this interview  as a means to clear his name somehow, however it makes him look way worse and exposes everyone else in the ring. If I were this guy I'd be on the run.
you know who suffers the most? the poor people who believed in the project.
This Guy.
It sounds like a pyramid scheme that only as usual the few creators benefited from!!
What’s clear is that thousands of “investors” poured billions into something they did not even slightly understand, in the hope of getting filthy rich. They’re just as greedy and culpable as anyone else.
Every time he confronts one of these guys I just end up being surprised at how dumb Coffeezilla is. Some people can talk smart with a script but are actually unable to comprehend when someone else is saying to them.
all of these people are scammers.
By his same logic, bank robbers earned what they stole and deserve to keep it because *robbing banks is hard work*.
this is why cryptos will be regulated by the US a EU sooner than later
Definitely Sus
I just finished watching part 1
How is this guy very smart? I mean he got 1 mil bucks but he sounds so highschoolish.. :/
I completely agree with Papa's last answer.  That's called capitalism. Duh.  There are legit questions that are in this video though and they should be answered.
140k views in 4 hours. Couldn't happen to a better channel.
Absolutely love how coffee puts up this video right after he went live
The dude based on the pictures and then the voice sound nothing alike. Dude sounds like an 18 year old
No honour among thieves, this guys squealing like a pig. Love to see it.
If Papa’s truly guilty why would he agree to an interview when he could lawyer up and wait it out?
If someone accuses you of a billion dollar fraud, and you are innocent, you would plead your innocence. Guilty 💯
This guys literally gonna go to jail lmao
Try that with real goods. If someone pays you in stolen goods then you're out of luck. It's usually repossesed and given back to the original owner.
Your highlighting all the parts you want. Play the full interview!
“… which is hard to believe….” Aka “he’s 100% a lying scumbag”
We have a law here in Australia(unsure about the rest of the world) but its the proceeds of crime law that enables the police to seize any cash or goods that were gained thru illegal means.
What's everyone's guess on who will be playing the role of "Coffeezilla" in the Netflix documentary "Moonshot: The Rise and Rug of Safemoon"?
Great work, my guy. Few people do the right thing in this world.
Wasn't it April or May 2021 that they asked investors to donate towards a 1 million dollar fund to "start" the company?
PagMan
If you going to have an interview with Papa broadcast the whole interview don't chop it up and say he said this without him actually saying it on the air.
Another lying scumbag. Ah well soon enough the law will get him
And this is why we have freedom of speech. Everyone has their own opinions.
Where the safemooners backing there robber? 🤣🤣 I love to see the ones that called me a FUDDER all of a sudden silent.
Worst CTO ever? Dude couldn't answer a single question.
I reckon the only suprise to Papa was John's million payouts. The rest, it seems he knew
Fake news. Been monitoring since day one. Bitcoin had literally no representation or even who started it and look now.. Safemoon has been good at progressing it's tech and utility and it will continue to grow. This is just propaganda to build FUD. And these same fudders will buy in like they did after their other videos.
With all the views on these safemoon video - Coffeezilla might be the one guy whos not on the safemoon team making money off safemoon xD
This interview is so chopped up! I hope this was not edited, but if it was,  coffee could be held liable.
Crypto structures are just Silicon Valley-sounding word salads but invariably turn out to be plain old scams with extra steps. I'm pretty skeptical that anyone in the space is "going to the moon" in an above-board way.
His hourly wages must be extremely high... it's fraud period
Thomas Smith doesn't seem very reputable to me. I think he was part of the shenanigans and we may see him in a defendants seat some day, just my opinion.
Cofee Z does it again
Does he call himself “papa” because he looks like a potato ? 🥔 because he actually really does just with facial hair. Or is it some kind of superiority complex ? Or both 🤔
Safe moon is still viable tho, if people just believed the price would go up again
Jail
SIr, you are a beast of investigative journalism. I'm so glad I found your channel about a year ago. I've learned so much
Production quality of Coffeezilla is fucking crazy good
Papa going to jail lmfao
You better believe this will be used in the court of law.
It doesn't take a Judge to detect the fraud. Another job well done Mr. Zilla.
I don't understand why these guys keep talking. Surely they are being investigated.
How is this not a GlowOp?
Money doesn't come from nowhere...these people ...only in crypto .. man the scammers are winning and the buyers keep getting screwed over...no honor among thieves!  sad
Guy is a lying sack of dookie. He was CTO but didn’t know about millions of dollars in liquidity movements. Lmao
Think it time to sale the remaining Safemoon
Safemoon plebs still think that it is gonna reach 0.10 cents and that they're all gonna be millionaires 😆
Done playing around, pump the stock! Like this video! Write a comment! Let’s go.
Sheeeeeeeshhhh
"Money can't come from nowhere." Tell that to the Fed.
The more shit coins come out the more money this channel makes 😎
"Papa" is a charlatan and obviously a fraudster.
This dude is such a bad liar he needs to payback double of what he stole and serve a 25 years prison sentence. Otherwise 120 year prison sentence!!!
fbi is just waiting to take this man down
Karony is a crook also. He has stolen from LP too ! Safemoon is such a clown show.
COFFEEZILLA, please put a team together to re-do safe moon, the way it was intended to be.
Papa is a 🤡 just like this guy 🤡 two clown in one video .
Dude trying to act innocent but still guilty as hell
Getting more and more obvious that everyone needs to be Bitcoin only. BTC2♾️
He is so stupid he’s only digging his grave. You never speak he’s so dumb. It’s like with the cops don’t ever talk to them you are incriminating yourself
Talk about beating around the Bush
I feel like a part was passed over pretty easily when it said their contracts, the one thing they really pushed, were just links to the actual code/contract, which could be edited? By THEM? Why even have the completely insecure code/contracts to begin with, unless you were completely aware that it was just a smokescreen that was trying to fool gullible people?
Nah, he knew damn well what was going on. How is it that he’s one of the top dudes in Safemoon. Papa, the wizard didn’t know money was getting taken from the LP. Dude works in the block chain like WTF!
Shout out to the Safemoon Bagholders on the reddit sub!!!   Keep buying that dip!! LMAO
I really hope Papa sees that his only way out of this shitstorms way is to go talk to the feds. Papa do preach.
Shit coin
Your fan is spinning the wrong way 🙃
This is the worst investment I ever made I'm down 90% They need to just pull the rug already And take it all.
Did he pay tax on that income of 2 mill?
The comments I see on Twitter defending this shit coin is ridiculous. The Copium is real
"I'm just a dev." Yikes. I had to take an ethics course when I got my comp. sci. degree. I guess that's not common???
Damn, where is John. The blockchain does not lie. I hope they all loose their money and end up in jail.
So does this mean my safemoon isnt safe anymore?
What dance you think Papa had this on his 2021 taxes?
It's very clear that the community is coping.  Praising the new lead and betting the next new promises will come to fruition.  You can come to twiter spaces and see it yourself.
Great work Coffee. The hopium going around is fentanyl strength.
FUDER!
You have zero evidence, that phone call is fabricated.
Fuck safemoon!
My investments 🥲
I don’t care if Thomas is trying to make him self look innocent while implicating everyone else. Atleast he is talking. All this proves is the organization as a whole committed fraud. And papa probably did too.
what i think about it? jail.
Lol I’ve got the safe moon discord open whilst watching this. I’ve never seen such a huge collective group of morons.
FRY EVERY  PERSON INVOLVED NO MERCY TAKE THEIR MONEY SEND ALL THEIR FRAIL ASSES TO JAIL LET ME KNOW WHERE THEY GOT LOCKED UP ILL GET LOCKED UP WITH THEM KEEP WATCHING THE NEWS ILL MAKE MY MOVE IMMEDIATELY   PS..........did you know a human being will make noises that sound luke a gurgling pig? But only once you get through the bone and gristle along the spinal column.
I don’t wanna rag on this guy but it’s hard to follow him, he was contracted to do work as a developer and made a lot of money and was given a very high up title through his contract which apparently was all done through a separate entity in relation to safemoon as a “project” but even with all the involvement and background work he seemingly is pushing that he has no direct obligated responsibilities within his position with safemoon contractually to anything happening and is oblivious to half of the processing’s going on behind the scenes and how they’re being funnelled around yet he still has general knowledge and awareness of most of what’s going on, falling back on the I wasn’t there when that happened line (when in some cases he was) and even when he was present the problems were never directly addressed, I dunno it seems like most of it with inclusion of the contract is a convenient runaround when problems become involved, atleast to me if that makes sense from what I’m gathering?
You should read the history of Poodl token. Was going to be rugged by the original devs and then the community saved it. Now thriving
Thomas is such a wezzle.
does coffeezilla have another video coming out or that is everything? seems like that was everything
This guy is a f*cking trainwreck.
Call your gramaa to make you a tee f.....
Coffeezilla, the Chris Hansen of Crypto.
COMMENT
I mean, what he said at the end makes sense, if you didn’t do anything wrong and you were like the plumber that fixed the bathroom sink of an evil corporation.
This dude cant lie to save his life jeez
Great ape society, look it up. Something similar
RUG PULL, GOOD JOB  MR. COFFEE
lol epic fail
17:40  "Volatality"???????
"Obviously money can't come from nowhere " ~ Tell that to the U.S Government
the thing with all these different currencies is hidden fees which everyone pays, that is how they make there millions
This guy's whole verbal dance routine is basically constant deflection of accountability or knowledge of what was up with last line of defense being I had no knowledge but I earned this money!
Congrats 1mil subs, awesome videos You have. -Yoda
Yeah bro just 2mill no big deal
What coffeezilla claims to be Johns wallet where Bitmart pays their 5% to John instead of that money going to SFM LP... is false. It's actually liquidity provider wallet. #10 wallet on the list. You can't make this up. After a 93% mistake, and now you're totally wrong about the wallets? You have people doing ACTUAL research now.   This is hilarious. You did "1 YEAR OF RESEARCH." LMAO.
Trailer park boys go round the outside Aladdin ruh style
meanwhile the authorities do nothing
Ok so by turning SafeMoon into a LLC did John manage to limit the amount of liability the original SafeMoon ownership bestowed upon the multi billion dollar market cap token.
What's crazy is if they hadn't committed fraud they had enough of a following to make some serious legitimate money over the next 5-10 years
Protect coffee Zilla !
Pump the stock 🔥🔥
Get wrecked, "Papa"
Sometimes coffee feels Chris Hanson of crypto. Coffee’s like, “hi there why don’t you have a seat”. “I’ve got the transcripts(blockchain) right here, I’ll read them to you”.  “I’m Coffeezilla and this is Coffeezilla, you’re free to go out that door”
they said the LP provided price stability.  since safemoon is down 90% i can see why there wasnt  price stability....because they raided the liquidity pool
I'm part of some safemoon groups and they are ALL fuckin pissed at you bro lol they legit think you're just spreading false info   Whatever lol
the dip isn't as strong like before...these paper hand getting smarter...
Every word he said was a lie!
You sir, are a gangster. 💯
All these guys connected to Safe moon are a bunch of scammers I don't see how anyone put money into this nonsense.
i hope they will go to jail i lost 8k .. I'm not rich and this money is big amount .. i wish you to go to jail and payed this misery and sadness I'm living in ..
Flawed starting with who you’re interviewing  Have a real investigator involved verses an entertainer
You are begging to get sued…
That guy wishes he could be kilfoil from Silicon Valley.  He thought he was smart enough to come on and try to lie and clear himself, sorry, not that smart.  What a scumbag.
Signal boost comment(respecting duh pump)
To me, it feels like he was being willfully ignorant of the fraud. Subconsciously, he knew something was going on, but he always looked the other direction, or was just following orders. There may have been some manipulation/gaslighting involved.  Now that he's being called out, he's noticing everything he missed. His mind starts with what he's been manipulated to believe, and then once that falls through, he starts connecting the dots.
Still dont see any hard facts pal. Only twisting of words. This "follow up" is actually even more lame than the 1st vid. The fact that papa appears to have an axe to grind yet still didnt say anything incriminating and had to be badly edited to cuts of you shouting "he didnt say no tho" makes you seem less credible than ever.
This guy has got to get a lawyer and not talk to the press, some of this interview could definitely end up in court and convict him.
SafeMoon ------------------------> MoonFall
exactly why you cant trust crypto
Your always less of a scumbag when you face the criticism.
This channel, I love it. You should get paid by your government
goto jail. ALL OF THEM
I used to hold Safemoon and my eyes have been opened. If you still hold Safemoon you should get out NOW.
Coffee is a freakin' legend!
18:51 Coffee: “There it is folks, money doesn’t come from nowhere” Tether and the Fed: _laughs in the background_
You have to be accurate it's a token not a coin 🪙 people always get the two confused 🤔 but I love the content
Only true narcissist could pull something like this off.
Papa is getting payed In Safemoon v2 just to say this 🫣
AUTOMAGICALLY LMAO
John’s mom is a university professor and his dad has a reputation with the Department of Defense. You can find this easy Zilla. John never struggled…
So stupid content, watch 10mins and I feel wasted 10mins of my life.
I hope all of this is admissible...IF there's ever any criminal legal proceedings.
Based on this convo I'm guessing evryone involved is getting off Scott free. There's nothing regulating this kind of chicanery because it's all brand new.
Anyone been watching zilla since 100k?
dont care AND didnt ask
Idk why any of these people would speak to you and possibly incriminate themselves, how dumb.
I think you did a pretty god job. 👀
these guys scam everyone everyday, nothing happens, millionaires... and i don't have enough to pay my rent after paying my moms funeral... i give up bro... can i promote a coin? any nfts? farts in jars?
Papa sounds like a scumbag
why would anyone invest in that stupid shite lol its so obviously a scam. how did people take their money and put it into something like this? mega facepalm*
Guys, this is crypto in a nutshell.. this is what happens when you trust a bunch of over-educated, underemployed, underfulfilled, Doomer, Millenials and give them far too much credit... and before people start telling me I don't understand the technology and that crypto isnt scam central, please dont confuse blockchain with crypto.
Lmaooo i been telling everyone safemoon is a legit scam, why would i buy a scam?? Id rather give a homeless man my money
1 thousandth comment🤣
Basically they are theifs who stole straight up facts
Nice job of not letting him derail you.  ITS"S FRAUD!!!!
I’d like to see the entire interview without constant interruptions telling me one side of the story. I’d like to make my own conclusions about the context of the conversation and I can’t from this video.
Look up John Karonys parents. Legitimate as can be.
Buddies not wrong. If teams wanna pay huge rates, that is the market rate, the dev did nothing wrong. In fact he seized an opportunity. The buck stops with the team leads, not the contracted devs. If the dev put a backdoor or exploit, that’s another discussion. Life is not “fair” and scamming is far from new or only in crypto.
Johns going to prison and "Papa" is going to end up being the prosecutions star witness to avoid an extended stay in the graybar motel.
Coffee gonna get himself coffined
Is it just me or are the sound and video not synced?
You should also check the story behind the blacklisted address without any motivation
Please do video about STUDENT COIN STC. THEY ARE SCAMMERS
Also If you really want to be a good person. Maybe upload this at a time when not all of Europe is sleeping and wakes up to the biggest red candles.
These have to be the dumbest people I've ever seen. The FBI is going to destroy them.
His voice... lol bullsh*tter
PUMP $ZILLA
broke biz devs
Thumbs-up ! congrats on reaching your 1 mil subs !! ......4 months late :P
Unsubscribed, your editing is ridiculous. So much misquoting and misleading edits.
It's too bad you guys had the 6 million vs 100 million mistake because now that's all the sub will talk about and they'll never listen to you.
I warned so many people about this scam, and nobody listened, but now they're crying.
Again?
One day we are going to see clips of Coffee used as evidence in a wirefraud case.
why is he trying to act so clueless 😭😂😂
Time and time again the guys who try to clear their name think Coffeezilla isn’t prepared or knowledgeable. It’s great to hear their tone change to a surprised one.
Which part do you mean? The start, middle and end. All fraud.
Those Safemoon Tattoos aren’t aging too well… 🥸🤡😂
These stupid ppl should watch "Don't talk to the police" vid by james duane.
That had to be so frustrating talking to that mealy mouthed con man. Nothing but deflection, story changes and blame shifting. Just some of the worst...
Wonderland next?
How the f**k a youtuber can do this and  not  hear this all over the TV...The amount of stolen money  we talking about is mind boggling...and still.   Nice job Coffee, hope they just go to jail and scare all the the scammers because people are so stupid and they can't be protected.
This is wild I put thousands of dollars into this investment and now it's down to like 400 bucks smh and the whole time they were taking from the LP 🤯
Your like a crypto scam busting batman... keep up the incredible work as well as the entertaining vids 🍻🏆
"I deserve the money,   because it's hard to fraud baby!!!"
So if this isn't edited, he says he thought John was committing fraud, yet in the spaces that came after the first vid, he said it was took out of context, that he didn't say that he thought he was.  Who is lying?
You are leading and reaching.
Papa said he made 2 mill? BREH he used to brag about the Mclaren he bought with SafeMoon money.
First of all, you can't have an officer of the company (CTO - Chief Technology OFFICER) working as a contractor. As an officer of the company, you have certain fiduciary responsibilities to the company, you aren't a "temp".
Welp. I will be joining the class action law suit.
How arrogant you have to be to go talking like this when the FBI is building a case on you, no lawyer would ever agree to him opening his mouth.
I warned so many people about this scam, and nobody listened, but now they're crying.
I warned so many people about this scam, and nobody listened, but now they're crying.
Oh come on Coffee, he was just following orders
bout to put 100k in... it's gonna MOON!!!!
i think Coffeezilla u need to Shut the fu*ck up ! u are destroying everything !@ and leave the company Run Good Shame on u !
Qqqq M
coffeezilla is the epitome of a true citizen journalist.
Coffeezilla: Do you think it is right that you became a millionaire while most investors are down 90%?  Papa: hodl
Thomas Smith looks like Ice Poseidon, wearing an Abraham Lincoln disguise...
Papa, kyle and John must go to Jamil.!!!! F…… scammer
Take my cash and THEN act like everyone else is running a fraud!! Classic fraud!!!
Then people wonder why goverments wants to police the crypto markets… this is good example of why it needs goverment control
i realized they were all liars and this was a scam when I noticed on BSCScan that they only burned 250k safemoon coins and claimed on their website that they burned $250000 worth of coins. in reality the value of 250k coins was under $25.
I believe Thomas should get paid and should not have to pay that money back. It should be Kyle that pays it back since he stole it because it's hearsay even if coffezilla is showing "facts". Until professional investing is done, we don't know. But John is a huge scammer.
Coffee, you beautiful bastard, you've done it again.
YES!!! LET"S go Coffee!!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤦‍♂️😂😂😂😂tired
This is why crypto needs to be regulated. Fkng scumbags
On everything this man should have been locked up when he first started asking to be referred to as papa 🤢🤢 what a weirdo
Why call this guy, “papa”? I’d ask him his real name and call him by that.
It’s so annoying how he waffles and repeats the question with jargon in order to not answer the question smdh
This video is bullshit. All lies and dudes videos are always wack Bs
I would have put a "part 2" in the title. It looks a little too much like the previous video.
I got scammed 🥲
I'm not surprised the rest of them aren't talking, their lawyers would have told them it would be a bad idea to speak to people when the FBI is investigating
Lock 'em all up, throw away the key.
This is just sad, this reminds me of the manny pac(Safemoon) vs Ricky Hatton (Coffeezilla) just stay down bro
man noone asked about johns parents lol
BRO “if he did that mana deserves to be called out” LMFAO “called out” ?? you also made MILLIONS directly from the dude how do you think you look rn ?? come on 😭😭 “called out” he commuted a crime 😭😭😭
If the DOJ were to ever take this to trial, and charges were to be formally handed down, they would have nowhere to run to baby, nowhere to hide :)
hahahahahahahahahahahahah hes still here trying
Money doesen't come from nowhere.... unless u are the Federal Reserve lol (brrrr brrrr brrrr)
“Your honor, I was simply payed as an employee to commit fraud, therefore I didn’t commit fraud” *judge declares him innocent*  This guy really knows he did some shady work but he won’t admit it because he still believes he can win a case against him.😒
Papa is guilty AF, he’s just trying to get in front of it and clear his name. Lock him up.
I straight up didn't buy this coin last year because of the name. Like who tf would put the word "safe" in a coin? The lesson of if it sounds too good to be true then it is saved my ass. Made good money off my shiba investment instead lol
Please please try debate safemoonjoe that would be funny as fuk 😂
Why would any guy wanted to emulate osama bin laden facial hair style?
It really goes to show how absolutely stupid society is if these are the people that were able to steal all this money 😂
Love the work but make sure you get some rest man, I'm sure this investigating takes a toll on you
Always a good day when coffee uploads a new video.
2 million dollars?!!! No wonder
“Bougie Trailer”, lmao!! I hate the word Bougie.
I like how these people are volunteering to talk to Coffeezilla thinking they can clear their names and get away but instead they make themselves look even more silly when they are hit with the facts and evidence
Never trust someone that wants you to call them, “Papa”, when they’re not your father.
Auto-magically is a bullshit term. Borderline or maybe even 100% con art term. If something happens automatically, it means there's an entire system in place, like a software, or natural response one that doesn't require human intervention. If something happens magically, by design, there has to be some human element involved: either by channeling non-technological superpowers or by trickery such as slight of hand, misdirection and illusion. Trust me, when my money is involved, I'd prefer the "magically" element of "auto-magically" was supernatural rather than trickery and con artistry.
You Should have asked him about his “BOOM” posts😂
The only reason he is talking is to try control the narrative.
These scammers think they are so smart, when in reality, it’s just a yuuuge lack of morals.
It means he doesn't give a fuuuuuuu about people.
Respect, Coffee. I love your videos!
I'm only 2 minutes in and I had to pause just to comment that this, this right here. Is some real shit. Mad respect Coffeezilla, you're doing a better service than the my own FCA or the across the pond FCC. This wage cager who has spent the past 3 years investing in high risk high reward AIM commodity focused explorers; salutes the service you do. Well. The highclass shitposting against financial scum anyway. Lol.
I feel that the "skip ad" function should probably be used little (if at all) when watching Coffee. He deserves it.
The project is real. Its progressing.
More fud.
I don't understand why so many people who bought into safemoon are upset about coffee and his team doing this, when they (coffee & team) are trying to get to the bottom of this which they (safemoon army) should want to know. They (safemoon army) seem to have displaced anger. Some of them (safemoon army) genuinely seem cult like. My honest opinion is safemoon army is a cult. It's even worse because they basically brainwashed themselves. Hopefully this stuff will start being regulated.
I love the way you do these interviews Coffee. However, there definitely seems to be more behind the scenes with this scandal. Definitely some vague/repetitive answers by Thomas which makes it a bit suspicious there's more that can be uncovered.
I could never scam anyone. Guess nice guys truly finish last.
Everyone should know that risk is real. You put money in Safe moon you lose that's on you all alt coins are scams anyway. Eth and Bitcoin are also suspect. Not regulated means it's the wild west.
I lost over 10k on this BS
Not even being a part of this scam, part of me feels bad from taking my 15x+ returns from this project
All crypto is driven by greed, so I don't really blame people who steel from other greedy people, still, would be nice if the law applied to everybody.
BOOM!
Great job with this investigation. Your videos are awesome!
this is unbelievable. amazing work Coffee. I remember when Safemoon came out I had a very bad feeling about this token I told all my friends to stay far away and thank god they did.
You are a fucking hero
Amazing that Papa came came out to speak to you at all. Just out of interest, do the US Police watch this channel?
Fraud.
Oh my lord! His answers were painful! He was just out right lying the entire time and when he was caught out with the actual dates he just said he didn't know 😂😂  Sad thing is safemooners still believe
you are a sain coffee
Criminals are getting dumber and dumber
kinda sounds like he was getting paid so much he decided to close his eyes when he saw red flags. the cash flow to be wilfully oblivious overshadowed the will to try and investigate what he knew would be a shady scheme. "My boss comes back with blood on his hands and cash in a bag but if I don't ask questions I'll never know the details of how he got the money! therefore I'm innocent."
YOU'RE A LEGEND COFFEE. ZILLA IS THE ONLY MOON-WORTHY COIN
when somebody tell's you that your money is safe, you know it is a scam.
Where are all the idiots from safemoon army?  No mistakes in the video they could obsess over while ignoring the scam I guess.
yoo
#1 Fraud #2 John Karony is a John Ka-phoney #3 What did Thomas actually provide us with that we are using. Nothing #4 They should all rot in prison #5 This explains why people had threats on their lives.
Thomas can't even code, he said that he will build the bridge to ethereum, but team paid pnetwork to do the work... the only think that he got 2mil paid was to post stupid memes, gifs in discord and to move the lp lol
These series are so so good!! Can you please do one on HEX and Richard Heart?
I think the fitting punishment is to fuse their thumb bone to their index finger until they give back all the money.  Human beings have opposable thumb privileges.  Pond scum does not.
I want my cash back now!🤬
The most interesting part is...after so many evidences people keep still buying this pack of lies safemoon. This coin should low to zero after these videos. Congrats Coffeezilla.
The moment I read their WP and did some digging on the project’s community and team, it was as clear as night and day that Safemoon wasn’t safe.
Would it be possible to get the raw interview posted somewhere? I mean, you obviously are editing this, so it would be cool to see how the conversation actually went, instead of a version edited/cut in a way that fits your narrative
First two minutes: coffeetime catches papa with his pants down and papa sounds like a upset child who is being told their in trouble
Some people got safemoon tattoos.....
he not misleading he answered every question. I honestly think he was left in dark about this, remember John parents are CIA so he might have good covering
As a dev working in blockchain project I have never heard more convoluted explanation - definitely playing dumb + dmg control. 🙈
Ur a fucking legend bro
Will people ever learn?  Both prospective coin developers, and coin enthusiasts need to learn that living honestly works, and living dishonestly always fails...
I mean if you think crypto is a fraud, you're late. That's how money started
This deflecting Mr. Thomas does reminds me of the trials of Nurimberg. Many Nazi leader were like "we are just following orders", "didn't know what was happening". Not saying that the level of evilness is the same, but both now and then denying responsibility does not justify anything - especially when you are a head of a company
What’s the point in interviewing a dev if they have contrasting answers based on who they like and who they got on with. All this will do is lead to biased results. Just like interviewing his brother who was a former Safemoon employee. You just wouldn’t 🙃
GET EMMMMMM
As a dev he knew exactly what was happening.  They're all liars
Babe! New coffeezilla (╭ರᴥ•́)
If they had money they would not be talking. There is no money!!! they are trying to prove innocence
24 minutes and nothing concrete 🙃 We know exactly what Youtuber want 🤑
Plain and simple, this guy is trying to keep his hands clean from all of BS they did. Lot of stuttering, pauses and other ticks made in order to come up with proper excuses.
$2million? Out of….$4 billion? Sure. Sure you only got $2 million. We may need centralization if we can’t stop the fraud…
Check how lost the people on the safemoon Facebook groups are… they think coffezilla is the fraud lol it’s kinda sad someone needs to slap these guys into reality so they don’t loose anymore money
Coffeezilla: money doesn't come from nowhere  The Federal Reserve:  Hold my beer
These scammers need an ass whooping or something
He knew it was all a fraud and was an accomplice. He's just throwing safemoon under the rug now because he is on the outs. So yes he's coming clean partially now to make himself look better even after stealing 4 or 5 million bucks but it's not making as much sense because he knew everythingggggg that was happening then so he's lying about that stuff.
This papa is full of 💩constantly back tracking and pausing in his vague answers
Wasnt me. I already left.  So this all happened before you left.  *Surprised Pikachu Face*
If we try to make it sound complicated people won't understand how I magically gained millions of dollars..
.....
Papa dont preach
They all should be in jail
Zilla clown
But guys, he has NOTHING to hide since he's being so transparent by talking to coffee. What a good guy.
To be honest. When I hear crypto… I just hear SCAM or people running it that don’t have a clue what the hell is going on…
My roommate went HARD into Safemoon, even convinced me to buy 10 bucks of it (2.2m at the time) once it had traction on r/wallstreetbets and the like, it's value is around a dollar 20. I have no idea how much he lost, but is was a good bit of his E-6 pay each month so I know there is a wide-load OOF waiting in his wallet.
he didnt seem like too much of a bad guy but i also dont think he said everything
Hearing him explain how they got money when they transferred from V1 to V2 is basically him just admitting fraud and pump&dump lol.
"Look I worked hard day and night to scam people of 💰 money". Lol that's what I heard . Work is work lol man that's crazy.
Wait, aren’t there people already being sued and investigated by authorities from this scam? Yet, he still agreed to this interview? I guess in their mind they want to seem innocent and to do that, they must talk. I just see this as self incriminating🤷‍♀️ Coffeezilla is just helping the FBI out! Keep up the investigations! I love how deep you dive in these videos.
it tells a lot about why so many people are kindly fired john even let them out through the front door and never said a word.    i think it was a “ scam coin “ until john joint and that’s also the reason he let a lot off people leave.  may also explain the delay with the blockhain, this was build by “papa” maybe john doesn't trust it and he started from scratch again.    you can also hear the former cto say something about Netflix…
Yup like many people said.. these people ruined what crypto was meant to be just out of greed
Lol. I'm friends with Thomas lol. It's weird that you call him papa...
Zilla... I love wen u do these series!!!!
Next series Saitama Inu
Great video!!! Love what you're doing!!!
When the crypto crash comes it's gonna be a blood bath. Im gonna get my 🍿.
This is a really long way of explaining away just another rug pull. Fucking crypto...
I’m confused. If Kyle (Safemoon Dev) was the owner and gave it to Pap who then became the owner, according to the first video, then why was John his boss?
Funny thing is this coffee guy will get taken to court first and will end up the worst off out of all of this.
And yet...after this, the supposed safest coin there is...these people will STILL trust this stuff over banks somehow. At least if a bank screws you and takes your money, the FDIC is there to help.
I love it when this motherfuckas try to defend themself and lack of prove to prove they not guilty
LoL, this is such a farce of a production. You might just have asked me about SFM.  These guys don't know jack. Love the disclaimer at the bottom that this is just an opinion because they have no real facts or evidence.
It’s funny when he is talking about stolen liquidity he’s doesn’t know what’s going on, but when he’s not he wants to be Papa the dev that knows everything.
I feel like if you believe this kind of person, your money was going to be wasted on dumb stuff anyway. I mean the guy is not even smart, I understand getting scammed by manipulators that are articulate and socially intelligent. But come on, these people popularized their coin through the Paul brothers, Keemstar and alike. Hell, the name is "safemoon" ffs.
He's obviously lying lol
We need the main man, I mean when Enron failed we didn't chase the IT department even though they indirectly profited of the fraud . We need the ones making the decisions not just people who followed orders, even though that is no clear excuse.. Papa would be a good state witness!
TL;DR : all cryptos are scams. There I fixed it
The amount of blame he tries to deflect on to other people just lets me know he knew what was going on and played a hand in it
Safe moon people are zombies 🧟‍♂️  they do t care about the truth
“Money can’t come from nowhere” Powell: “Hold my beer”
the weak, small soy boys involved in this should be lynched
It's questionable overall, but at the same time it feels like you were leading "papa" so idk
Yup gonna laugh at this one too in a few years 🤡
You have to love this channel.
PAPA IS LYING TO HIS CHILDREN. All of these dudes have gotten together and have come up with what they are going to say and they are going to stick to that.  I imagine no matter who you interview next is going to say the same thing.    Unless someone actually tells the truth you've got a bunch of thieves who got their stories collaborated together.    Now, find one you can scare enough so he will squeal.     A phone call from the FBI normally tends to scare a lot of people.
"just a dev" lmao
I’m still new to this saga, but the guy risked a lot by agreeing to the interview. I would guess he covered all his bases and was prepared.   One slip-up or contradiction could be used against him. The Feds love those self-inflicted traps.   Used the good old “I was not aware” defense.
The worst part of all of this is how the sf community will deny everything
It's like you can't trust a guy living in a van down by the river anymore.
Been following coffee since he would react to Shark tank videos… boy has this man come so far and easily become my favorite YouTuber… PUMP ZILLA STOCK
I missed out on £40k off £500 because I sold too early before the boom on this 💩 coin, I still made a few grand….. These pump and dump coins should be held accountable and prosecuted. Regulation is needed.
Seems like he’s trying to cleanse himself by passing his share of the blame onto John.
There's nothing more dangerous to these guys than an interviewer who's done their homework. This stuff is addictive, better than most fictional dramas.
He knew what was happening! These guys need to be in prison!
I love how the guy get screwed 18 times in 25 minutes by the "CZ State fact/Guy say he was not there/CZ State date" move... That's a slow learner...
papa is such a clown. thinks he can outsmart coffeezilla after he already has all the receipts
I am holding and just hope I recoup my initial investment...and then I am swapping this garbage.
Gonna be one hell of a trial!
It's all nonsense, they are going to be caught ha.
How didn’t even check if the LP was locked ?
And what exactly was the real reason V1 to V2 was necessary?  It was smoke & mirrors to deceive, steal, and defraud.
A dev does not get paid $2 million though...
ITS CRAZY ALL THAT IVE SAID IN THE PAST YEAR BUT NOONE WOULD LISTEN....ONLY BAN BLOCK AND ATTACK ME. LOL HOUSE OF CARDS!
PAPA is a total clown
Money can't come from nowhere... except there.
"which part?" lol okay Zuckerberg
Thomas is so full of crap but its obvious he hates karony lmao.
Coffeezilla: "Weren't you the CTO?"  Papa: "I was never a Safemoon employee."  Indirect response. Red flag.
Safemoon shills are insufferable
You should work in the FBI at this point. Even if it's part time so that we still get vids😂
Good work.
Coffee is goated simple as that
I don’t trust any of the current or past employees. So, the past Devs saying Karony can’t be trusted, but they’ve all done shady and dishonest things. All of them are full of it.
These people all have personality disorders
Those guys are stupid to stay in the US, they had to take the cash, go to Thailand or Philippines and disappear :D
I just want to say that Kyle is a 21 years old, if you don't know that
Frauds coming on Coffeezilla is always HILARIOUS
Internets best detective scores the internets base case
This man needs a podcast
I didn't like your first report but this interview with papa puts things in a whole new light. If the LP is their personal money tree on the backs of us investors than someone should go to jail.  And there is no doubt in my mind papa knows exactly what what was going on!  This demonstrates the high risk of investing in new crypto projects. There is no honor among thieves!
Once a dev - always a dev
Safemoon is evolution, they did not expect to get this far when first started, i trust John Korony, give him a break, he has come a long way at only 25 years old.
I might be wrong but it feels like this whole "dialogue" is edited. Papa's answers sound not always related to questions.
You’re truly amazing Coffeezilla. Constantly delivering solid stuff. Well done. 👍👏
Dude is a criminal. Flat out
lmao just finished watching the last video
It's crazy when one person is upset that he didn't scam as much as the previous person did.... and somehow this makes them a good person.
Why would these people actually talk to you? It blows my mind
If anyone wants to laugh at some truly delusional people check out (but don’t interact, treat it like the zoo that it is) the safemoon sub, it’s actually hard to tell if they are serious or joking and it’s all ironic.   If you’re here from that sub or are a safe moon investor who still thinks it’s not a joke of a coin you can pick up some more copium at the sub there’s a lot posts to feed your echo chamber
people who will miss the opportunity to wear a safemoon rocket
its good that papa decided to come out but, he didn't really add much saying things like "they did that after i left".
Is now a good time to lower my average and DCA into Safemoon?
Lmao whats worse is that all this is on the blockchain but you have the flat earth believers saying is just fud and nobody took money
Sorry but just the name of these coins is enough to put any normal person on high alert. A coin created by some random dude on the Internet and sheep come running. Anyone who invested in these coins is an idiot
This is why i don’t invest in crypto i will investment all my money into myself and start my own business
Well in court AUTOMAGICALLY IS NOT THE SAME AS AUTOMATICALLY 🤪 SO THERES THAT.....
Maybe just change the name from Safemoon to Rugpull and it's all good.
As a software developer myself, $1--2M seems like a very sweet deal. I bet a lot of it was meant to soften his guilty conscience.
Unpopular opinion but this is why there is regulation with the current "outdated" money system we have 😆 ahh dear..
So my 10k invested in the project, so far, I am left with $800 in my account! Thanks Safemoon! Ohh I had to convert it to SFM v2. That’s another few hundreds!
The best part of these videos is seeing angry comments from people with safemoon in their username
My take away, don't trust strangers on the internet with your money. Or if you do, at least know the consequences. Any crypto project, big or small, could be playing these games behind the scenes even though their white paper says otherwise. Be skeptical of them all, not just the shitcoins.
Good investigative journalism coffee ☕️
I new safemoon was a scam! You had to be silly to buy that crap!!!£
You are a legend Coffee!!! Do Substratum next. There's some Sweeet juice on Justin and the priest
Commenting to help pump $ZILLA
Great stuff Zilla. What a movie, but better. Peace from 🇨🇭
That was a masterful interview. Really good process from Coffee
Sounds like the exchange was onboard with the fraud as well?? No? And that's why I only invest in the old-timers, Litecoin, Bitcoin, Doge coin. Very little goes to new projects until there's some oversight
You guys have to check out their reddit page, never in my life have I seen a bigger bunch of crybabies, saying "he miscalculated" to avoid talking about the 100 points being made lol. Kept me entertained the past 30 minutes
lol, he's so full of shit.
This is going in circles 😂 at this point all these safe moon employees should just blame Epstein or something 😂😂
John sounds like he knows what he is doing in contrast too Pappa. Therefore I suspect John is in Cuba.
It’s funny how doge coin was made as a meme And it’s doing better than all these coins 🪙
I love how all of them try and justify that this is not illegal…just unethical. No it’s illegal. It will stop soon.
Evergrow is another massive ongoing fraud if you are interested
Every crypto bro thinks he's the new satoshi because they came up with another crypto rug pull I'm going to live in the woods
If he really was just an employee the classic way then "papa" should not be charged, but that doesn't sound like standard employment.
Coffee - have you considered talking to the IRS? If all this were legit, these people would have realised considerable benefits from their employment at SafeMoon, which they should have declared and paid tax on (at the value of the tokens the moment they were transferred to the personal wallets). The IRS should be able to trace the funds / get answers.  Maybe this is a matter of old-school law enforcement, where tax law is the only thing that can stop them…  NB I don’t think the carried interest rules would apply here, but maybe there is someone who could confirm.
Coffee I think you need to go back bald. You suited that look bro
I think you are confusing him when you keep asking about everyone loosing money. You keep acting like this is some kind of gotcha moment. To the people who buy into these things, this is the expected result. The whole point of the thing is that almost everyone is going to loose everything, and everyone is trying to be that small group that doesn't.  They are all a bunch of scammers trying to fuck each other.
Pappa or Bappa?
I love how he kept trying the "oh man they did that after I left" only to immediately be hit with the dates and that he was still on the team when it happened
The amount of idiots still buying this is wild. 😂
I put $300 at the very beginning and made $13000 when i took it out... so cant complain but those type of coin you profit and get out quick not hold like they tell you...
I was just done watching the other video, what is this blessing of the gods i ask
papa dont preach
A VAN, DOWN BY THE RIVER
CoffeeCoin lookin' real good right about now
We Kick Butt Everyday, Yeah
I love you guy,...but it's FIFTH, not FITH.
Haha now the hating you and fudding you lol good work
This is really interesting stuff coffee. You’re doing some really great work and I hope the greedy people you cover eventually face the consequences.
Soooo I don’t see any legit fraud being proven here
That guy "Papa" looks like a bartman villian..... I'm gona give him my money!!!
Its a bit mesmerizing that million dollar convos are happening over discord of all places lmao
Its hillarious to see these crypto and NFT projects being managed by people who have no idea what they are doing and most of them just want get rich quick with the investor money. The law will catch up sooner or later with them.
Look man, just partner with Disney or Netflix and do your own cryptofraud docuseries PLEASE I'll watch every minute of it.  Fantastic work as always and, as it always seems to be with these people, there isn't remorse. Because, you know, they got their bag and the people left holding one should've just paid more attention or whatever the defense du jour is, right? Ugh.
Coffee, post the entire conversation.
coffee getting his facts wrong can't be trusted he's biased. even admitted to making errors in last vidio that want true
is coffee actually working with tech lead or not
Coffeezilla- exposing peoppe who get rich off other people illegally and immorality one video at a time. Thanks dude.
Buy the dip 🤣🤣
lol dam i hate to see a Thomas smith scamming
I love it when you manage to get an interview with the devs after the main video, these videos are insanely interesting
I hope you lose all that 2M "papa" and go to prison
This really feels Netflix mini series worthy.  Right up there with Theranos and Bernie Madoff.  This was a total sham.
man papa seems to be a very good at lying
So, they are trying the "guilty mind" loophole in US law
Amadevahapeez
Saying "I don't know" and giving vague/pointless answers doesn't absolve you of guilt. They all need to be taken to court. It's 100% fraud.
They are all grifting thieving lying scumbags who've willingly and openly defrauded all the safemoon investors and will likely get away with it. Who said white collar crime does not pay :(
Lower the price with your bull crap so we can buy more at the lower prices.
useless Certik lol how come 40yrs locked LP not scam LOL
Bull this all is, i had safemoon early and i totally forgot about it till now and now its worthless, really nice guys.
He was backtracking to much, this guy knew most what was going on imo, full of bs basically, good job as always CoffeeZ 👌👍
Way back machine shows it saying autolocking all the way into 2022.
This dude was lying so hard. 🤣 this just in, a huge scammer saying he never scammed. "We will never rug pull" *rug pulls*
Why hasn't Coffee been hired by the FBI or some shit?
All the moonboys still saying Safemoon is legit 😂😂🤦‍♂️
Keep this man safe at all cost. I pray you never lose your integrity!
The biggest thing I notice with these crypto scams is that everybody goes out of their way to point fingers at each other and none of them take any responsibility.
It's always interesting to me that crypto is meant to be a way of storing money in a decentralized manner so that no single people can mess with it. However, crypto the way it's made is so much more centralized than normal fiat. Like, if they truly followed the decentralized philosophy, these people shouldn't have the power to mess with the lp like this.
The Market cap was worth $4 Billion+ at one time and I get it all crypto liquidates but this is a rugpull period and it got so big they had no choice but to really bring in real devs to make legit services and products.  So the FEDS getting involved before lawsuits in my opinion is about taxes with fraud and embezzlement sprinkled in.
Let's defraud a bunch of mental children on the internet, create "job titles" and pay eachother the money as "salary". That way, we didn't steal anything!
I think you just took that Big Poppa Pump
I mean that's kind of how most people in the dev world would feel
They are 100% full of shit (safemoon)and frauds!!!!
Please groom, the beard looks like a radicals ass
Stellar video as always mate
If this dude knew there was fraud going on, why didn't he say anything after he left? He's only squealing after his feet are being put to the fire.
Damn coffezilla I know you just want to BUY THE DIP OF SAFEMOON!! 😂
I don’t understand why ppl get mad when someone is exposing a coin please make me understand that ?  If you have the CEO avoiding question that should tell you something don’t be that dumb
was pretty evident it was a scam very soon after it launched, these guys are scumbags. hunt the bastards down!!!
I like how you don’t passively aggressively shame or accuse these individuals, you establish a rapport with them and get more information from them. You understand you won’t get anywhere if they hate you.
Seems to me like he wants the record to reflect how cooperative he's been now that things have escalated to the point of bringing in the feds. If a lawyer advised him to talk himself into a hole then I'm surprised 2mil couldn't buy him better legal council.
Do saitama next!
Oh so a "simple employee" can make 2M? Ok big guy
Lol…. John Karony was trailer trash?  From rags to riches I guess. “CEO… sure, why not, I can do it” 😂
Imagine wanting to make a real coin while all these scams keep happening 😂
The FBI is gonna f them in the *ss
Can’t have anything nice because of people like this. These types of people are why regulation exists and is needed..
Has Kyle been doxxed?  Who is that guy?
Hoping so hard that the taxman is paying attn to get their 40-50% of these creeps gains.
Safe coffee
Please do Time Wonderland next coffee
Yeh boy
Clean your office!
it's 10 pm where I am and I see this video and think ok last one and imma sleep 😐
I have no clue what they're talking about....but it's great hearing scammers twitching
Rule of thumb, stay away from any crypto that influencers are pushing…
nice
I legit just finished the other video
They’re not even trying to defend themselves lol how are they not in prison
How did he put $2 million dollars of work  into it?
When Thomas was talking about the "Excess" tokens during the V1 to V2 Contract he had to be talking about the 1,000:1 ratio that happened. When the migration happened our Holdings dropped by 3 ZEROS but so did the Tokens. I personally went from 400,000,000 to 400,000 tokens but my value stayed the same. The problem is if they took those 399,600,000 tokens from me and then sold them to Bitmart at the new price then they got paid. They claimed tokens were being burned and we would receive the tokenomics. This further fuels the question as to why did they force everyone to migrate or risk losing it all.
So basically  “There was no organization committing fraud. It was just a Wordpress site saying things. Not even an organization.”  lmao  Also, when you’re “just” a dev and get paid out 1-2m on a new coin with a supposedly locked up LP.
Attorney general has entered the chat
Dude either incompetent or lying or playing dumb or all of the above
So he won't admit that the original creator/ceo committed Fraud and that he played a part in it but will fully admit that John committed fraud because he doesn't like him and him being unaware of alot of things while holding the position he has makes this extremely hard to believe
Please more videos..SAFEMOON IS ALL GREEN 🙂
This man is complicit total liar
never go full ice poseidon
Unedited video of convo?
thomas looks like patchy the pirate with glasses
I really hope you didn't call him papa when you got on the phone with him...
PAPA is a SNAKE LOL. When he was with Safemoon, he said, I'm not fken leaving. DAMN!!!
Coffee got a bit of espresso in it recently with these videos eh? 🙏🏼🔥
Oh shitttt
I just want to know why people keep interviewing with coffee. If we’re doing some shady stuff I’d avoid this man like the plague. Y’all need to start pleading the 5th
How did you verify the person is really who he claims he is?
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
"I only made $2 000 000"  😩
Lol he should have never done this interview.
I kinda get what he means about being a dev but that doesn't explain being privy to fraud and not whistleblowing lol
I think these guys need to get sued into the middle ages.
Pizza & 'zilla.. that's to Thursday 🤓
Its called a conspiracy my friend they all deserve 20ys at 100 percent
Bruh! Do this to every coin team!! Uncover the frauds so the real crypto can thrive!
Amazing job!
This is so much fun, if it wasn't so fucking tragic
Pre sale tokens? So it was an ICO? Which makes it a security. Which means they have been selling unregistered securities.. oh cool
IF you say in your discription  in no way should be construed as statements of fact,  Then Can I ask why are  you spreading this as Fact?   Whats your gain?  Were you paid to spread post non factual statements?   Isnt that like.  illegal?
@coffeezilla you really need to stop interrupting the people when they talking and speaking their minds and on the way to admissions. You are boycotting yourself and making them shut down. When they talking let them talk and when they done still keep quiet cause once someone start to talk, they will end up carrying on, the silence will have them start to talk again.  But good job as always.
Congrats on reaching 1 Million Count. Wish you many more such millions.
Why on earth are people still throwing money at this dumpster fire?!?
If you buy cryptos, you are a sucker - but people don't learn.
Coffee, you are a treasure. Keep up the fucking incredible work bro. You deserve every ounce of success you're achieving with this masterful journalism.
It’s very normal to make $2 million over a few years from an employer lol
They’re just playing dumb and all of them are guilty
More biased sketchy BS from coffee Bean
So the guy that was committing fraud told you he thought Karony was doing it ... yeah, nothing strange about that
you should have made the ammend in the beginning of this video about the difference in the amount that was taken from people, the 100+ million vs the 6+ milion... Would have helped some of the angry people from the last video. Even though fraud is fraud at the end of the day. Apart from that, I always enjoy your content, your investigative style is getting better even though half of what is talked about goes over my head.
Go after them all!  Too bad it takes you a year to make these
Keemstar was apart of the Safemoon scam
Thought you said "Hi I'm coffeezilla and we just investigated Satan"
We can all agree that he never disappoints us with his content ♥️
You should host American greed
Crypto was supposed to be a foolproof simple system that people can not tamper with fraudulently.   But it's very clear that they have a small group of individuals who have managerial control over all the value.   Meaning regular laws still need to apply, audits need to be undertaken, taxes paid, and managers held accountable.  Just like any other company.   Crypto and "smart contracts" are not what was promised.
They are not guilty this is a crash course in markets liquidity and the bull bear market. This is great safe moon like any other business has expenses and real liabilities the coin was operating completely within the construct of any fiat currency. The difference being that they weren't trading any actual assets they were trading in capturing influence. This makes sense it means safe moon isn't quite dead it can be restructured.
lll
You really are pushing up against some real power. Fearlessly at that.
at the end of the day you're dealing with a bunch of super opportunistic sociopathic thieves. Even the original SAFEMOON Website was a direct theft of HOGE.      I'ma lean on OG theories, this is a fed/VC/Glowy money laundering and social engineering experiment.
Reading the safemoon subreddit and laser eye people on Twitter is absolutely insane  They're made of copium
And congratulations on the one million!
This will destroy you
I think in the finale episode  , the Safemoon devs will pirate the holders passphrases and wipe out all tokens in their wallets while they are still asking when Lambo 😄
At least he's talking, I suppose. There certainly seems to be a lot more going on behind the scenes. Hopefully more gets dug up, presumably in court.
do babyshark next, some of the OG safemoon bros were involved in the shadows.
lost my respect. what a joke coffeezilla
Papa is full of 💩💩💩 he is guilty of fraud he should keep his mouth shut
The whole SM community thought they had a 'gotcha' to discredit the first vid after Coffee updated the numbers, but then this comes out.   Papa's words, "It's definitely obvious that... that stance changed."   "We were pivoting often".   "We were doing it together in Discord".   "Yes, I suspected Karony of fraud".  Absolutely perfect. All these code clone coins need to fade out so that the legitimate crypto projects can continue to improve the world. The alternative is having heavy handed regulators swoop in and deal much more damage to the market as a whole. Wish these fraudsters would have kept their schemes in finance 1.0 with pennystocks. No need to keep dirtying up the crypto space.
$2 million and he doesn't know how and basically why he is getting paid that 🤦‍♂️
They call him coffee because he grinds so fine!!!!
He work hard on the safemoon scam.. he knew how the token was move.. can tell he blaming everyone but himself
Thomas must've been talking with Lucas before the call happened with that Crpyto-Nuremberg "I'm a Dev" defence.
Papi presented himself as the megamind CTO of the locked liquidity pool but apparently didn't know that it wasn't locked. Sure, whatever, shut up and get a lawyer
liked and subscribed. amazing content
In so confused to what's what here
The guy story pretty weird but I think he made be good but kind of hidden some things.
The aas  part about this is I believe your right coffee but the safe moon army refuses to see wrong doing and unfortunately your videos seem to help the price with is crazy
Oh snap, coffee is out lying again, manipulating the price so he can buy in cheap.
ah, the old, I was paid to commit a crime so I deserve the reward, defense
SAFEMOON clucks coming out with anti FUD Videos after this
So..... blah blah blah?
So many people on twitter still support safemoon like absolute morons.  Reminds me of trump supports, they're insane
13:15 "Articles of Incorporation" ? Those are Articles of Organization. therefore Smith is innocent!
Bro I am still up from sfm
I feel like papa will walk away from this scott free,. If he can play the narrative as always working under a company/Jhon . he can throw Jhon under the bus and have him take the blow.
i sold it all
We’ll see what court says. Imagine saying I stole code new the master plan profited greatly from it while everyone else was taken. Yeah I’m sure court will see it that way too.
I wonder how crypto bros get treated like in prison
Coffeezillla : it's unfair.  The acussed: so....
"Ima dev" Ctrl c + Ctrl v 🤓☝️
It's amazing these idiots think they're so smart they won't get caught
♡
Papa has eastern European background right? Something about his accent.
Coffeezilla breaking all the cases love it
Thomas Smith has zero credibility. Dude changes his story every 5 minutes, interviewing bitter ex employees to get the scoop.  This is hilarious.
Brilliant Video
This is gonna be sooo good. *grabs popcorn*
Wheres the final stand video
You are an actual Detective.  The government should unironically hire you to go after these people.
ok why is the fan in the back spinning backwards? im probably so late to the party💀 but i can’t unsee it haha also, love those videos♥️
Hard to say, if they knew of the scam and did not report it. Then they deserve to be prosecuted like anyone else.   But if they were hired to do a job and they do it, they do deserve payment. I mean the Amazon worker who had no idea he shipped a PS5 box with a brick in it, he doesn't deserve to have his pay reduced because the customer got scammed. Now if he placed the brick in there we go back to the beginning.
The safemoon Bois reaction to this whole thing is hilarious. They're pretending that coffee caused the price to go down, ignoring the year long downwards spiral
I get the sense that Papa noticed disturbing signs, but didn't know EXACTLY what was going on. Since whatever was happening was paying him a lot of money, maybe he didn't want to.
Wonder if the fbi building a case with this detective work. Stay safe out here zilla 🙏
The amount of copeium from the safemoon army is hilarious
So in video 1, you expose Thomas as a scammer and a liar bit we’re supposed to take his word when he’s talking bad about his former employer? Doesn’t quite add up to me.
Hero again.
coffee is my dateline, 60 mins and how to catch a predator all rolled into one
You aren't shut down yet?
Good job Coffeezilla, take down these pump and dump scam.
Please show this video to Graham Stephen so he knows what "Confronted" means
Well.. after the last video that was full of sh*tty lies, and a bunch of old employees and notoriously haters of the project. Well even Jerry Springer had more truths back in the days. Wouldn't be surprised that there will be a lawsuit. But I think it's going to be to this guy..  There is a new gossip magazine online. It's name is on the top of this page!
SafeMoon = Scam
Coffee time
He starts off by MOT ANSWERING YOUR 1ST QUESTION 🤔
Only made $2M 😂 I prefer Ice Poseidons approach but we can't expect everyone to be that dumb.
He has been making some major Safemoon vids, I wonder if he buys some since the dip, he has major influence on prices
Trash, this was a waste of my eyesight. Wish I could unsee it and get back my time.
Nothing but fraud that’s why everyone left n they knew shit was coming sooner or later
Coffee out here straight jacking fools
Can you please make videos of all of the biggest scams of the world like ceo of banks, insurance, telecom
Why hasn't the government given this man a job?!!!
*the IRS has entered the chat*
Coffeezilla truly earns all of his success by the time and work he puts into these videos.
He doesn't seem evil. He doesn't seem like a Saint. He just seems like a soldier who followed orders and went with the flow.
Great video as always. Keep going!
keep up the good work
‘We tried doing the auto locking.....but then we all wanted to be millionaires so we changed our mind’....that’s probably what he meant to say🤔
Imagine believing anything a guy with a bald beard mullet has to say after he tries and rob u. This guy is legit a a scumbag. He even tried to make himself seem like he was above other people and that nickname is a 🪴 name he def gave himself.
Safemoon biggest ponzi slow rug scam in the history of bsc based on the mass scale… the Safemoon cultists will never except it tho while they are down 70 percent plus on their investments funny enough
I would love to see Coffee remove "This video is an opinion and in no way should be construed as statements of fact. " in all of his videos.
Scammers
Great work
It's not just bad business management, it's fraud as you say. Big difference there. Karoney needs to be arrested.
Keep it up, Coffee. 🤘🏻
But will the shadow cabal send him an invitation?
okay but, will it blend?
I wish we lived in a world where coffeezilla flipped tails and he never did these videos.
Let's not forget Papa was the 2021 influencer of the year & everybody used to beg the WIZARD to come fight fud..... so everything he says is RELEVANT.. Mark my words.... JOHN KARONY IS LEAVING SAFEMOON
How about we just don't use shitty blockchains. Dogecoin ftw
LCP is live on the Safemoon wallet today guys, just letting you know.
The day ALWAYS gets better when I see that Coffeezilla posted a new video💯🔥
Karma will catch these crypto scamming assholes eventually
$ZILLA 💎👐
The thing about the facts is, they don't need you to agree with them, because they're facts.
Jeez let's go Coffee! Zilla is up an astonishing amount! 27k in just over 35 minutes! Keep pumping ZILLA!
“Money has to come from somewhere” is not correct Coffee! What do you think the US Gov’t does?!?!
Never playing papas pizzeria again. Used to love his games. He’s changed.
Really looks like he hates that Karony guy
well done bro, go after these scumbags
man, SafeMoon's subreddit is a shitshow right after Coffee dropped the bomb lmao
So what he's saying in TLDR is : I see the problem and I don't care
Any chance you releasing the phone call with papa in its entirety, not the cut version clearly selling your narrative?
Wasn't safe moon the music video token from post Malone or was that different
Mate you keep on smashing it 👍 👏 👌 💪 🙌
😎
all of them should get life in jail.
All crypto is a scam
He’s innocent, didn’t know anything. lmao
and the people in the safemoon community call him "FUDzilla" trying so, so hard to manifest this scam into something they will get rich off.
What a scumbag, he definitely knew there were millions of dollars being moved and he didn't care because he was getting a portion of it.
This dude made up the number that $100 million was taken lol And you people trust him? All of his stuff is getting debunked.
Dang…. I just realized I have a ton of V1 SafeMoon on BSC! It’s probably worth .000000000000000000000000000001 cent. 👌🤔
awesome video
That was pretty weak
Papa is full of shit.
They are all going to deny guilt but the proof is in the millions they were paid.
10% fee by itself is a scam.. lmao
Why doesn’t Zilla just makes a real token that does everything that these tokens don’t do ?
What annoys me the most in this video, is that the blades of the ceiling fan in the 10 Million $ Studio have the wrong geometry to be effective.
Do an investigation into META/Facebook promoting these rug pull NFT/Crypto
All crap ! Lies
I think every one of these scammers are cowards. They only think of themselves, keep their heads down, blame others and don't admit to anything.  He probably had a lawyer prep him, and boy did they teach papa how to dance. You were a dev, you admit you knew John was committing fraud, but you dunno what kind, and you didn't do anything about it. Coward.
What does this have to do with the current company and team and roadmap? All these scammers have been fired.
Let’s see what the safemooners have to say
Excellent, as always! My joy at people like Coffeezilla, KiraTV and others, exposing these many scammers, is however muted by the uneasy feeling that the world has fallen down into a critical moment where scamming people is actually the only way to get ahead in this Late stage Capitalist society...
Lock m up!
Good stuff man. Yeah I think this guy is 100% doing damage control right now. He was definitely in on most of this stuff. Definitely fraud.
You have to remember that this supposed researcher said that btc was a scam, so as long as you are right
if he didn’t do anything wrong then he shld dox himself
Man Zilla really brought the haters on Twitter with this story, and he's doubling down with this video!
Papa is a very poor liar
14:00 this will become known as the cryptuber nuremberg defense
Coffee could help Netflix stock 🤷🏻‍♂️
Imagine if a legitimate bank did this
Immediately click new uploads
Safe shit..
Posted 20 minutes after i finished the First Video. Well Played Coffee lmao
Yikes looks like you flopped again zilla worst video yet .... your getting desperate.... just leave it alone ur loosing and safemoon army bought up the dip...... we exposed ur lie with false math and market manipulation its over
This is not good
This guy is the Crypto/scam version of JSchlatt
1 MILLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!
i took a $20 poo earlier
It's safe! and it's going to the moon! It's SAFEMOON!..what's really sad about all these scam/shit coins is they hurt the industry as a whole. Not all crypto is scams, but a lot of it is, and sometimes it's not obvious which ones are scams....sometimes its blatantly obvious as is the case with safemoon
Why are there no captions?, I'm sad
I remember when safemoon first came out and there was a guy in the chat telling everyone the code isn't written to lock the LP. Everyone attacked him and told him he's full of shit. Bet they feel dumb as hell now
9:39 I thought you were going to say John Cresstani 😂
Go coffee!!!!!! Expose these pieces of shit
I always like coffee’s videos before they start! 🚀💯💯
Binance changer lagged. Btc to ethereum almost x 4. i uploaded video.
2021 bitconect all over again
Your growing your beard out right zilla? Right
He had people Liston coffee he was coached
My favorite part of this whole thing is it ends up being less about pillorying an individual and trying to study the anatomy of the crime and how these things happen down to the messy and greedy and very human individuals at the center of it. You're a realtime historian coffee. Keep it up, the world needs these stories.
Meh....
interesting that that you uncover this fraud but gov agencies with employees making six-digits who are supposed to uncover these frauds will probably never find it.  You, mr. coffeezilla, are worth more than the entirety of those who are handsomely paid to do what you do simply because you actually care about criminality
Fun fact : every comment before mine hasn't had enough time to say how good the video is :)
My take away, The accounting/auditing profession is not going to die anytime soon
I know this is a good thing, but it sure would be nice if these scum didn’t exist
Damn
So much Debunked..SAFEMOON 4LIFE
Man is actually the embodiment of a 1950's reporter taking nothing from no one and getting the big scoop on this story.
best channel on youtube keep up
*Who else is SHOCKED on how CoffeeZilla is not PREGNANT but still manages to DELIVER* *?*
Hey part 2 is out
Oh shit
Let’s goooo
Brilliant Video
What's up with your false accusations and false numbers on your 1st video? Will you address that?  Also what's next will you tell us that water is wet and 🎅 doesn't exist?
Who can trust their money on a guy as "papa"
Doing the lord's work, coffee. Let's hope papa finds himself a jail "papa"
I've worked with some people in tech that show the same stoicism this developer shows, they aren't very consequence aware and actively communicate in an "it is what is" manner because they think it's virtuous to be up-front and deploy this as a strategy to be seen as an authority while actively dodging accountability. I genuinely think this is based in a narcissistic stance that they are just more knowledgeable and people that question this are looked down upon because "should've RTFM LMAO".  It's very clear that the heat this project is taking him by surprise, they wanted to make money from the token at the expense of investors that's very obvious so now his strategy is shifting to be the charismatic tech dude that edges around his honesty and seems to be clear in his communication.  The giveaway, however, is that he wants his people to call him "Papa" which is a very clear indication of how he feels about others. It's a game to him and this is fueling him.
Direct comment / question to Coffeezilla: Love your vids!!! Do you mind if I ask what your CV is?
After the amount of  the research he's done tryna catch these fraudsters. I fully believe  coffeezilla can work as a blockchain developer/ crypto banker 😂
Coffee Holms.
apparently they were lucky enough that they didn't steal from someone connected to gov or law enforcement -- because they would have gone to prison yesterday
Coffee amazing stuff u are doing ,but i gotta tell u to stay safe, these people have a lot of money. Just stay safe plz and keep pumping the zilla stock
No wonder Binance never wanted to list Safemoon on their exchange. I think Binance knew Safemoon was a scam, too.
🤯👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
7:05 So you're a dev, and you're locking the funds yourself ? Interesting..
These fuckers need to rot in jail. Be careful Zilla these are some evil people that you are shining a light on.
If you go on their Reddit you’ll see that even some of the die hard safemoon fans are starting to open their eyes.
The safemoon cult (holders) are delusional
its called a bait and switch scam
It began with exposing fake gurus, now Coffee is attacking billion dollar frauds
crypto is just a huge scam
You can tell just by looking at the guys profile pic he’s guilty
HI COFFEZILLA CAN U PLEASE RESPOND BACK AND SAY HI TO ME IT WILL VALIDATE ME BECAUSE I HAVE A PARASOCIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU
yooo alright, looking forward to seeing the breakdown of all this. hope things get safer and nicer
Thomas Smith is a straight up scammer
This dude looks like a low level boss in elden ring
"I'm not wearing hockey pads" - CoffeeZilla
You are going to get the Safemoon Army's panties all tied up
These mf think they’re the O5 council
These guys really need to just remain silent, they really think they’re big brained and no way they’ll get in trouble but just watch when they get slapped with charges lmao
Doing the good work over here my man!
Absolute internet detective, deserves a netflix show. Coffeezilla might singlehandedly recover Netflix stocks
Saitama expose video when? I mean that trash is literally safemoon 2.0 even charts look similar
This can never happen to $Doge, right?
Wow. It's amazing that you get sooo many of these interviews. If I were these guys I'd listen to lawyers and stay far far away from you.
Next episode: I doxxed Satoshi Nakamoto, here's my exclusive interview with him
W.Zilla
Can these guys be sued btw?
Coffee's hair grow so fast lmao
Pump the stock! Coffeezilla paying out huge dividends with this quality content. Keep up the great work!
$Zilla stock hit over a milly. Whaaaaaaaaa
This could be a 50 part series and I would enjoy every minute
No you didn't lol
how do you plan on taking your video production to the next level?
*posts 25 min video*  100 comments 4 minutes later.
heartbreaking...
Please look into cake monsta
Sfm up 35% last 24h
*COFFEE IS THE GOAT* Button
Keep exposing them fraudsters! good work 👏👏
How is your graphiste doing ??? Lviv has been aimed by Russian’s bombs last week. Is he ok ?
Thank you big daddy coffee
ATTENTION ALL SAFEMOON HOLDERS: it’s okay. We understand. You got rugged and it’s hard to accept. But save your self some dignity, and move on from this Safemoon army horse shit
Amazing
I am so blessed to be a holder of zilla
love how in depth these are man. the quality just keeps getting better!
The background music sounds like the freelancer soundtrack
It’s Coffee time ☕️
Your consistency and quality of content never disappoints ♥️
Another day goes by, another sh1tcoin steals from people.
Why do we care about kyle, he is long gone, its a different company now
Coffee is the boogieman of the crypto scam industry.
If you guys wanna see the most cult-ish group of investors in your entire life, come on down to r/SafeMoon! Where real bad news is labeled as FUD!
Letsss goooooo
So glad I trusted my gut and cashed out of SFM before it nosedived. Hope these scumbags get locked up.
Papa doesn't seem very smart
It just gets better... It is deeper than I've ever thought
If anyone tells you to call them Papa and they're not biggie smalls, you can't trust them.
You are an OG.
Let's pump that coffee stock 📈📈
NEW PART NEW PART NEW PART NEW PART NEW PART NEW PART NEW PART
woffezilla
issa scam
You’re just a hater coffee lmao
Let's go Zillanator
Grabbing my popcorn 🍿
Still early lol
No self awareness, did the fame get to his head or is the self importance some sort of act
Keep up the good fight!
1st and 53rd
Wtf I have just finished part 1 a minute ago and subscribed
1 millionth
This content is too good to be free. Well done Mr.Zilla!
your vids are the only good things going on this year
SELL NOW!!! DEAD TOKEN
So when you commit "lifent" like epstein? lol
Ayyyyy
1st like I know cause the color changes when you first congratulates you noti gang
Great video! Love your content!
Yes first here
Goat
Seventh
Keep up the great vids
WOOOOOO BABY
Call our Brian Rose again
Third
I've never clicked so fast! I love what you're doing with the industry as a whole Coffee.
Keep doing what your doing bro big fan
Go get ‘em Tiger!
LETS GO!
These videos are so satisfying. Netflix should just sign up coffee and watch their stock recover
Love how coffee is uncovering billion dollar frauds while still using algorithm friendly titles
Yo coffee keep it up. Hi from Dallas :)
I must ask, what made you shift your chem engineering to killing frauds live XD
Best series yet
Yesssss!!
First
No wayy youre a fucking legend Coffee. Rare to see people with integrity like you these days.
Pump the stock☕️☕️☕️
Zilla bringing everyone down.
Cronos $CRO will be top 5! 🥂
Somehow coffee wakes me up with a fresh vid at 4AM local time
Lets goooo 💯
clicked on this so fn fast lol
Coffee really is becoming the Batman of crypto scams Keep keeping the streets safe 👏
Not So Safe Moon. Moon landings were faked so go figure
Yooo was first. Ik who gives af lol
1st
Hell yea roast them beans
First
Poop coin the next 100x
Cof
You are the 🐐
Wow. Let’s all say first
Firsttttt
Can I have a billion dollars 💸
P0g
Hi
🍻
First
Hi
Yooooooo
1st
First
First
