Sorry for the tease, but I'm not quite ready to talk about THAT GAME yet. More discussions and reactions coming within the next day.
When you support Nintendo but are causes of other companies
Lol I'm like the only one who hates how HD 2D looks so much
Punish the honest workers at Ubisoft for the actions of some?! I only punish Ubisoft for the poor product they produce. If they release a good game, the makers of said game need to know.
Underrated part of the direct but I highly recommend TUNIC to anyone who hasnt played it. A wonderful experience of a game and best played without knowing much about it. I will say that it feels like a throwback to early 90s/80s adventure games in a fantastic modern way
where is harvestella? its one of the best games square releases this year by far.
I really hate them trickling out the N64 games. I understand that’s what they’d have to do anyway but why tease the games so far ahead of release? It’s just annoying. I’m not even an expansion pack member, and with that price I’m not gonna be, but it’s still annoying for those of you that are members.
Arlo please make a video on Ubisoft, I want to hear all about it!!!
That ballsackari guy really likes Kirby, doesn't he?
Nintendo directs have been boring since Satoru died. Even with the shittest showing, that man still added personality
Good vid as always
Nintendo also abusing
come on, this direct did not really slap that hard, from getting blue balled about a mario game by miyamoto to nintendo still failing to hype me for zelda. i mean i dont think its controversial to say that did sega and nintendo switch their marketing teams? cause the hype i have for frontiers is soooooooooooo much more than zelda. plus i dont care for pikmen so thats probably why i didnt like this direct as much as others
For splatoon 3 deserted island theme, me and a lot of other people think that its just a small regular island that no one has touched. You could find fish,grass and animals that kinda stuff. Its a bad theme anyway because gear is the correct answer because gear gets food,a shelter and you have fun doing it. TEAM GEAR!
Arlo. You don't want to buy the Mario game but you want to play it? You DO have a launch Switch, don't you?
I felt bad for Harvesta since it was shown in the partners showcase but this time was around the end of the direct, and most people would have shrugged it away as 'another fantasy farming RPG.
Ok. Arlo is drunk
We can all agree that the reveal of pikmin 4 cured arlo of his cold immediately.
It definitely was one of the directs of all time.
As someone who got into fire emblem with three houses idk if the new one looks like it'll have what I loved about it but I'm eager to be proven wrong
Oh no, is this the year of the *evil farming game* ?
you supoort nintindo but wont support ubisoft? most hypocritical thing ever said
Factorio is really great. Probably best experienced on PC though.
I'm curious how Pokemon Stadium is going to work.  A huuuuuge part of that game was the connectivity with the Game Boy.  You could use your own Pokemon from RBY by connecting your cartridge to the Transfer Pak.  Without that, the game is...well, you're stuck with the hot garbage rental Pokemon.  Could be fun as a challenge run or something, I guess...  Would be cool if we could connect our 3DS to the Switch and send Pokemon from the 3DS Virtual Console games, but you KNOW they're not going to put in that kind of effort. (And even if they did, cool, they're shutting down the 3DS eShop soon.)  Maybe we can use Pokemon from Pokemon Home at least?
You have accurately assessed Factorio, sir.
also pls pls pls take care of urself in the near future it seems like u have been going thru a lot of life changes recently and i hope u just focus on giving us only ur best!! we luv and support u pls don’t overwork urself
i’m literally SO beyond excited for a lot of these…persona games in a month, another danganronpa-like game, lots of cool indies, TOTK, pikmin 4, bayonetta 3, etc. IM EXCITED
Thank you! None of the other summaries of the Direct I watched even bothered to mention that there was gonna be a port of Factorio, they just kept going on and on about farming sims, Fire Emblem, and Zelda: 2 Breath 2 Wild.
If Alro gets Factorio, we may never get another Arlo video again. The factory must grow.
I’m excited for the wonderful life remake, it was the first harvest moon game I played so it has a special place for me. Also they’re continuing to allow same sex relationships which is great especially in a game where you have to get married in the first year. And apparently you can choose to have your character be non-binary which is awesome for me.
Me the whole video: PIKMIN 4! PIKMIN4!
Factorio is a great game. I have 1000 hours in it on steam. My one worry with it is the controls bc I could see that being a problem as it is probably more suited for mouse and keyboard
who here is excited for Pikmin 4?
“The kingdom. ‘S cryin’. Here’s its tears.” 😂
There were a lot of Square Enix and weirdly enough farming sims in the first half but I don't care, I loved this Direct even excluding those (which I still like) between: -The really big announcements (new Fire Emblem, finally Pikmin 4, name and date drop for Zelda); -Cool and unexpected ports (It takes two, Fatal Frame 4, Tunic, Tales of Symphonia and especially Kirby Wii); -Some new games like the one made by the creator of Danganronpa; -The next batch of N64 games (GoldenEye as a surprise, but my highlights were Mario Party and Pokémon Stadium)!
Factorio on Switch threw me because like Minecraft, It's sandbox survival with a large mod scene on PC. Mods on nintendo tend to be frowned upon.
Note for anyone who plays Tunic but feels it’s too hard. If you want to experience it but don’t like the difficulty you can turn on an option for unlimited stamina which at least to me made it feel more like a Zelda game but still had plenty of challenge
I thought it was a pretty good direct but i tend to agree that the small teases are kind of frustrating, its like being served popcorn a single piece at a time. please give us something we can chew for more than one bite.
“It feels good to have a date”. -Arlo, 2022
*This is up there as one of the best Square Enix directs in years!*
I wonder about the NSO version of Pokémon stadium, will they incorporate Pokémon home somehow? Because it's not possible to use transfer packs like in the 90s and yeah you can get by with rental Pokémon, but they suck
TOO MUCH TEASE ARLO
Honestly two of my underrated trailers were rain code and just dance 2023. I hate the stigma against a fun and casual game about dancing like just dance. How its hated amongst the gaming community because its a normie game. I preferred the older just dance games but ive been looking to get a new just dance, i just havent liked the song lists so far and im hoping this one will have a song list i like, and so far, i like what it had
I thought it was nice of Nintendo to include small indie franchises like Pikmin and Zelda in their farming direct
factorio is a lot easier than it looks, you should totally try it!
Yeah, I overlook most Ubisoft titles, but I make exceptions for Mario and Rabbids; the team behind it are one of the few studios under Ubisoft that manage to pump some passion into their games. I often feel a distinct lack of soul in many of the other Ubisoft titles that I didn't get with the Mario and Rabbids one.
Am I like one of the only people who thinks it's Tears of the Kingdom as in ripping? With all the floating islands that look like they were torn from the ground and how the first teaser had the ground being ripped out from underneath Link and Zelda. The only tear imagery is those rocks that give Link runes in the original BotW.
According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:   (2 Peter 1:3) - Only Jesus Christ is our eternal life. Repent, The LORD Jesus is coming soon.
Okay, so in order of importance: -PLEASE do not give Factorio your money or views on your channel, Arlo. Play it if you will "any way you can", but the main developer Kovarex is that weird type of techbro libertarian who argues statutory rape is a "sjw term" because if an older teacher seduces someone, the minor gave consent didn' they? It can't be rape if there's "consent"... and when someone pointed out that a programmer he's a fan of argued women shouldn't be software engineers, he went down a weird obfuscating argumentative schpiel on how you can ONLY call someone a bigot if they argue something like and are presented objective facts their position is untrue and still don't change their mind, otherwise you're just taking "the easy way out" by refusing to engage with their argument etc etc. He's the kind of guy you just KNOW will have a harrassment suit against him one day, but he knows enough weasel words to keep things "ambiguous". -Re: Kirby anniversary. HAL is in charge of Kirby, they decide when he gets re-releases, and that company is all in on Kirby all the time. Nintendo, their own internal dev houses that is, have their own priorities and don't always have the time or manpower to make big flashy anniversary stuff for every anniversary. -Mario + Rabbids will be sold used for like 30 % off maximum on online auction sites soon enough, so that's what I'm doing. -Fatal Frame: I too hold out hope that we'll get the earlier games re-released, buuut I think they'll be let-downs for the European fans because Fatal Frame, when it came out in a very different era of the industry during early 00's, got dubbed to multiple European languages. Nowadays, it seems they don't even get Italian / French / Spanish / German text-translation, English only baybee. It doesn't bother a Swede like me because that's how it's ALWAYS been for us, but I can imagine it upsetting a lot of other fans. -And regarding the N64 games... was kinda hoping we'd get Game Boy games too, but I'm glad they showed the whole batch right away, and a time plan for them. Because I'll be real- Mario Parties months in a row does not excite me. But I always suspected they were coming, and now that them and Pokemon Stadium, as well as Nintendo's other internal games like Pilotwings, Excitebike 64 and 1089 snowboarding are confirmed, I feel like the games that they have left pretty much HAVE to move away from Nintendo' s internally developed "okay-tier" games, because they're pretty much all dealt with by the time these are all released! All that's left from old Virtual Console then is Ogre Battle and the Bomberman games (and Harvest Moon 64 but rights issues in the west and all that...). Nintendo have gone through pretty much all games they themselves have made EXCEPT Smash Bros 64, so it's just that one left. After this they'll have to get into the weeds with third parties, and I for one can't wait to reach that point. -And also, I'd recommend waiting for the sequel to Octopath Traveller. See, I played that game, I adore it, but the things I saw about them creating more intermixed stories for this sequel means I think you'll have a far better time with it than OcTrav 1. Both are fun to play, but if story and character interactions are necessary motivators for you, I think this sequel are better bets.
Not a word of Pikmin in this video.
Do we really need more info on tears of the kingdom at this point?
So Kirby’s Return to Dreamland Deluxe looks pretty good I cannot wait to get it when it comes out but here’s the question why did Nintendo use the Forgotten Land King Dedede instead of the old King Dedede from the old Kirby’s Return to Dreamland like that doesn’t make any sense? But still I care for the old King Dedede Model from Kirby's Return to Dreamland it looks so much better and this one just shows his long neck like why this is just not right
Wow on trending I see
- so the only thing that peaked my attention about FE Engage is that the lead character designer Mika Pikazo made one of the Hololive VTubers so I'm happy for them - ngl, I'm still confused if Sparks of Hope is even out because Ubisoft is hellbent on only marketing the DLC - yeah is so odd how they market the different NSO console packs. I'm glad Microsoft managed to figure out the rights to Golden Eye for both N64 and an enhanced Emulated port on Xbox - Annouma... sorry to burst your bubble, but how's that title even a Spoiler? - so i would have reacted more to Pikmin 4 if i wasn't so distracted laughing at how much Miyamoto does NOT want to talk about the Mario Movie
Buy sparks of hope used then
I don't think Arlo has ever gone straight to trending before. His direct reactions are usually just that great!
I would get Mario + Rabbits if you really want to play it but not support Ubisoft.
Bye Arlo, enjoy your vacation length time playing factorio!
Yessss
I was NOT expecting the Tales of Symphonia port for the switch, it was one of those pipe dreams but dear god the moment i saw Mithos’ wings i flipped out (akin to Arlo seeing Pikmin 4)
The context for the splatfest is like a camping trip. The context is misunderstood in localization
I saw the japanese version of direct too and think it had more proper way of showing things overall.
Why is nobody talking about rain code
Wow another Fire Emblem for them to make a smash fighter of. Yay
Thank you for bringing up some of the issues that Ubisoft employees have created. Information like that shouldn't just be swept under the rug.
10:48 I’m playing though Epic Yarn on my Steam Deck and honestly I’m having the time of my life. Being able to play pretty much every single Nintendo game on a handheld feels so liberating.
Of Fire Emblem: “Probably very fan-pleasing.” “A meaty thing to engage with between battles, that’s gotta be the norm going forward” AHAHAHAHA Oh MAN, I see you haven’t been active in Fire Emblem fan communities this last couple of days. X,D  Personally I’m pretty sure a lot of us are hoping to move AWAY from the whole school/monastery thing. That was great and all, but it was a Three Houses thing. If they copied that exact mechanic, when the series has done NOTHING like it up til 3H, it would feel SO cheap and derivative. Then again 3H got a lot of newer fans into the series who have never touched the older games, so who knows, maybe Nintendo will just copy-paste the best-selling game in the franchise until the end of time. -_-  Anyway, hi, you got unlucky and got a hardcore old-school Fire Emblem fan in your audience, I am so sorry! ^^;; Nice video as always and uhh I’m just gonna go now. =P ;;;
arlo bouta break youtube trending even harder with THAT reaction, that's how infamous his Pikmin love is lmao
I can’t wait for Arlo’s 2 hour video on the breakdown and discussion of a 40 second teaser trailer for Pikmin 4 with no gameplay
you don’t have to support ubisoft just pirate it
The announcement that really got me this time was Theatrhythm Final Bar Line. Curtain Call was so much fun on the 3DS. After the arcade game in 2016, I thought the series was done for. I don’t really like that they’re calling it a “finale” though, I’d like the series to carry on and have songs and characters from the upcoming Final Fantasy 16 and the next two 7 Remake entries.
i screamed when I saw pikmin 4
I’ve even stopped the first game due to Ubisoft’s actions. Not sure I’ll pick it up again. But yeah. Not getting the second one.
Woah arlo's on trending!!
Wouldve loved to hear this blue man's talk about Raincode, the Danganronpa esque game. Love that series
holy moly, arlo on trending?
Something to consider.  Pokemon Stadium(2) means GBC games are going to be coming soon.  Because the Stadium games are only really worth it if you have access to the Gameboy Pokemon games.
I actually have an idea for two new pikmin types. There could be lime green psychic pikmin and light blue frost pikmin.
TUNIC became one of my all time favorite games after one playthrough, can't wait for you to experience it
THANK YOU for bringing up the abuse at ubisoft Arlo. Nobody else has talked about it. It's okay to still play the game but it needs to be acknowledged
PIM.I INN PIKMIN 4 YEAHHHH
I don't know how I feel about the thought that every game in existence should port over every generation (and that automatically makes it good to download and not pay for). It's a lot of work that they could otherwise spend on new games. I do want to play older games on newer systems that are updated but should it override any other request otherwise?
Totally behind you with not supporting Ubisoft because of their business practices. Good people have to start voting with their wallets, otherwise these things will continue. Every time you buy their games you're telling them you support what they do. They're also getting into blockchain/NFTs, another reason to avoid them. I loved Octopath and was looking forward to the sequel, but I'm not buying any more from SE until they change course on that score.
PA PO PE!
My favorite part of the Direct is when Nintendo said “it’s Directing Time” and Directed all over them!
I swear i heard PIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN from across the world
👌
Factorio is absolutely a time black hole if get hooked. I'm scared to to launch every time because if I do, the rest of the day will be spent on building bases and lines.
If you don’t want to support ubisoft get it preowned from game stop or eBay or something so that they don’t get the money
T
12:20 Breath of the Mild
I also saw the screw attack icon and thought "ooh Metroid Prime remake?".
Not much for me; I'll probably get A Wonderful Life, never had a GC- but I've played a bit of it.  Tunic looks interesting, already waiting for Rabbids.  Release date for zelda!
I can have fun with food and I can make gear with the contents on the island.
When it comes to Nintendo Directs, I prefer to go in with zero expectations. Can't be disappointed that you didn't get what you wanted if you didn't really want anything in the first place. That said, while there weren't many games for me in this Direct (especially not all the FARMING SIMS GOOD LORD), the few they had honestly blew me away. Here are the 5 big ones for me (apologies in advance for the wall of text, but that's just how I am):  - First off, It Takes Two. HOLY SHIT THE LEAK WAS REAL! At least, I'm pretty sure I heard it was leaked. I don't actually search out leaks when the happen because more often than not they're wrong, but ever since I watched Jacksepticeye play It Takes Two with his girlfriend last year, all I wanted was for the game to get a Switch port so I could play it for myself. Never anticipated it would *actually happen,* especially not so soon, so I'm happy.  - Of course Tunic was another one I wanted to get a Switch port. I mean, why would I not? The style of it alone drew me in immediately when I first saw the reveal. However, there were two things about it I was not aware of, that being the neat little in-game manual, as well as the puzzles being some next-level stuff. Fingers crossed I don't lose my mind when the game comes out later this month.  - Ib was something that took me completely by surprise. I only know about it because Markiplier played it back in 2013, and while I enjoyed what I saw, I never realized just how popular it was. Enough to not only get a remake but also a Switch port of the remake, apparently. Hell yeah!  - After playing Kirby and the Forgotten Land earlier this year and naming it my personal Game of the Year because you know why, the reveal for Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe was more than a welcome sight. One problem, though: Forgotten Land was my FIRST KIRBY GAME EVER. I'm gonna have a very hard time killing even a single Waddle Dee after previously saving hundreds of them. Still, I can't say no to more Kirby, especially with how highly regarded Return to Dream Land is. I mean, come on... MAGOLOR ON THE SWITCH. There is no downside to this.  - Last but not least, The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom. After all the hype, all the anticipation, we finally have both a subtitle AND a release date. I'll be perfectly honest: I bought Breath of the Wild a few months ago... *but I haven't played even a second of it.* Blasphemy, I know, but it's a huge game, okay?! It's a massive time-sink that I just can't find the motivation to put myself through yet. Even so, it doesn't make me any less excited that Tears of the Kingdom (gonna have to get used to that name) is on its way to us. If Breath of the Wild's popularity is any indication, I doubt we have anything to worry about.  I also took an interest in one other game, that being Tales of Symphonia Remastered, mainly because I had already taken an interest in Tales of Vesperia: Definitive Edition and how well loved that game is. Lastly, I greatly appreciated the release updates for LEGO BrickTales and Romancing SaGa -Minstrel Song- Remastered, even if the former is more of a release window than anything. Overall, not an amazing Direct, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't come away with more games to look forward to than I did going in.
It's hilarious how Arlo's vid was synonymous with the Nintendo direct:  Nintendo- Hey, Pikmin 4 exists ~cuts to next game~  Arlo- Includes Pikmin in thumbnail and doesnt talk about it
Review Tunic?
THE PIKMIN 3 SEQUEL IS REAL
Probably one of the best directs in recent memory, for me. Definitely the best in the last 2 years, but I was also heavily interested in like 75% of the games here (I enjoy me a jrpg 😌) so for me this was INCREDIBLE OMFG 🤩🤩
i cried at work when i saw pikmin 4. cried. sobbed, got made fun of by my bosses. dont even care. pikmin 4 arlo. pimin 4
One of the good ones? Return to Dreamland is one of the BEST ones!!
Where the hell is Advance Wars?
Maybe the game actually does a lot of cool things and I shouldn't be so harsh, but the moment I saw Tunic, I immediately wrote it off as a Zelda clone. I'm sorry, but it's literally just a Zelda game but with Link as a fox instead of a human. I know Zelda doesn't own the idea of green tunics but I mean come on, if you're making a Zelda-like game, don't make your character dress like Link
This direct was a fucking joke
Cool direct, but I’m sad there’s no new info about Metroid Prime 4
As happy as I was about THAT GAME, I just yelled "Arlo!!" when it was announced. Dude I'm so happy
Nintendo: The Blue Ball Kings
I liked the nintendo direct. My favourite part was  Fatal Frame mask of the lunar eclipse.
I don't even like pikmin and I watched purely for your reaction/thoughts on that one game and you're just teasing it lol. Makes sense though
I missed the direct, so when I saw the individual video announcing THAT GAME, I actually had to check who made it first, I couldn't believe it
Your solution to not wanting to support ubisoft games is simple: Kijiji and fb marketplace
This direct was trash. I wish they just dropped the Zelda tease on Twitter and called it a day
This direct was trash. I wish they just dropped the Zelda tease on Twitter and called it a day
Genuinely really happy that you finally got Pikmin 4
Number 49 on trending for Gaming.
I'm still excitedly screaming about rune factory 3 cuz a DS copy of it is SOOOO expensive
I was 4 years old when Pikmin 3 came out... I am almost 14 now!... FINALLY PIKMIN 4!!!!!!!!!!!!
fully agree with you Arlo; too much teasing, not enough showing. Both Zelda and Pikmin left me just wanting to see at least SOMETHING more! Add to that no Metroid and I was a bit disappointed despite the overall good line-up of games.
CRAP!! I literally just bought tunic on Xbox. 🤦
The school was the worst part of FE Three Houses. It added almost nothing to the gameplay and became tedious extremely fast.
I'm as far across America as possible from Arlo... I heard him when Pikmin was shown.
PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4PIKMIN 4
Honestly I thought it was boring. WAY too many jrpgs and farming sims in one video. I don't care about either, so 90% of the stuff announced I don't care. And I agree with Arlo, I'm tired of the Zelda teases. Just show us something already! Pikmin 4 and Bayonetta 3 were cool. But again, those were teases. They had a full trailer for bayo 3 and they didn't even put it in the direct.
We just had Maiden of Black Water? Hasn't it been like 10 years since that came out?
I thought it was funny a lot of people were saying Pikmin 4 in the live chat before it even started
Im so excited for pikmin 4. It’s been almost 10 years since the last new mainline game
I started crying at work when I saw Pikmin 4, I get it lol
This direct took such a long time to get going, like everytime I thought there couldn’t be another anime game with farming there was another anime game with farming. I also wish we could’ve seen more from pikmin and Zelda. Kind of a dud for me but we’ve had so many great directs recently so I guess it’s fine to have one that wasnt as good
Again… if they just released the N64 games, I would buy them. I have them, and I have an N64, but I would buy them on the switch. I would even keep my normal internet subscription so I can play them online with friends. Not letting your customers outright buy games is so stupid and I’m so sick of it so I don’t buy Nintendo games like I would otherwise despite knowing no one else is doing the same. Just hoping one day will come where everyone else joins me in boycotting
I don't know. To me, this Nintendo Direct wasn't that exciting.  Not that I had high hopes for it, mind you, because fat chance that Nintendo would announce any kind of DLC for Mario Party Superstars now almost a YEAR after it came out, plus the announcement of the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Booster Course Pass pretty much dashed my hopes for a new Mario Kart game ever coming to the Nintendo Switch.  But the only thing in the Nintendo Direct that really interested me was when they announced that the three Mario Party games for the Nintendo 64 would be coming to the Nintendo Switch.  Also, I was quite surprised when they basically said "Oh, and GoldenEye's coming too," because I thought that would be the one N64 game they would NEVER be able to put on the Switch due to licensing issues.  But as someone who watched all of the James Bond movies except No Time to Die and is too young to have even been born yet when GoldenEye 007 was originally released, I think I might check it out when it gets added.  Sure, I'm not big into FPS's and GoldenEye wasn't my favorite Pierce Brosnan Bond film (that title goes to Tomorrow Never Dies), but I understand that a lot of people consider it to be one of the all-time classic Nintendo 64 games.  But other than that, there wasn't anything else that really interested me.  I never played Breath of the Wild or Octopath Traveler or Pikmin or Fire Emblem, so I couldn't really get into those announcements, even though those seemed to be the major announcements of the Direct.  Does it make me a bad Nintendo fan to say that I was more excited about a bunch of 20+-year-old games coming to Nintendo Switch Online than any of the new stuff coming in the next couple months?  Also, I kind of hope that next year they announce Nintendo Gamecube games being added to Nintendo Switch Online, if only just so I can also have Mario Party 4-7.
Soooo… which stardew valley rip off is the best stardew valley rip off???
... My switch is doomed.    THE FACTORY MUST GROW
The N64 is super hard to emulate, so it’s not very surprising that the N64 NSO games are coming in a trickle
Im dad there was no live reaction but i guess my day can't be to good
tbh, no matter what reaction (or the original vid for the ref) whenever it got to the Pikmin part- people started commenting, "Welp, Arlo's dead."
Here’s the thing.. a lot of berries are poisonous. So bring all the grub you can, make your own fun and geat
Stick to your guns on the Ubisoft games. They have yet to make ANY meaningful change.
Oh yeah the American date system is backwards! I thought it was December next year lol
I really hope for PIKMIN 4 to keep all the great mechanical improvements that 3D brought! I would love for caves to come back, but not to such a dependent degree that 2 had. The true couch co op would also be great to come back. But most of all what I want is MORE Bingo Battles, maybe even with a course builder mode! My cousin and I have a passion for this game and we 1000%ed it then spent hours on Bingo Battles. It’s now our go to when we get together, we start with a best of 5 (at a minimum) then finish our lighthearted time with two runs of Binding of Isaac Repentance! Please please please make my dreams come true Arlo, official spokesperson of Pikmin and honorary mascot.   Ps. You need an enemy based off of you…
im just happy front mission was mentioned again
I'm so happy for you, Arlo. PIKMIN 4!!!!!
Talk about a tease
Companies that treat us like shit probably also treat their employees like shit
I thought it was a nice Direct, nothing absolutely absurd for me, except for Octopath 2. Like, it looks like it's gonna have new modes of travel, a day/night cycle, the same great battle system, it's set during some magical variant of the industrial revolution... AND the characters INTERACT WITH EACH OTHER? IN STORY CUTSCENES???  Yeah that has me excited 😁   Also Kirby Returns Deluxe was a nice surprise too! I didn’t get the chance to play that one so it's nice to see it come to Switch with a fresh coat of paint. Hopefully the other games from that era come to Switch also.  Can't say much about Tears of the Kingdom because I still haven't played Breath of the Wild, or much of any Zelda for that matter. What they showed looked great though.  And I am also very confused by the amount of farming sims. It's great for the people who like those games though
I was surprised you didn't talk about Pikmin
"I don't want to buy Ubisoft games" yeah, hear that hard
Oh just talk about how Pikmin 4 was finally revealed already. We all know you were the most excited about it! (I was too, can't wait to play P4!)
A Return to Dreamland remaster is pretty  cool but man I really hope it has a difficulty option from the start.
can someone please tell me what universe i am currently living in? I must have gotten off at the wrong multi-verse stop, cuz there is NO WAY that @Arlo from my universe would not even mention a particular game from this Nintendo Direct, lol.
Arlo mentioned it but since he's not quite into the JRPG and farming sim genres, lemme just say:  My god this was a good Direct for my people. Symphonia remaster? Rune Factory 3 Special? Octopath 2? Even cutting out the fan-pleasing heavy hitters like Zelda and Fire Emblem, this was a fantastic Direct for me. So much to look forward to. And as soon as I saw "that", I thought to myself: "Oh boy there's gonna be some Arlo incoming".
arlo you should pirate mario and rabbids Sparks of Hope because you will get the game for free without supporting ubisoft.
As far as new game announcements, this direct was great.  As far as entertainment value, I give them a C- It could have so much more personalization, sweet info, personality, etc like it did in the past before it because too streamlined.
I love how this channel is basically "I never got to play this game but I've always wanted to, maybe I will play the sequel".
5:22 I wouldn't 'just start with 2'. It looks great, but I got almost as many hours out of the original as I did out of BotW, if not more.  8:30 Factorio isn't something I would ever want on a console. The modding community on PC for it is absolutely wonderful, and it's been out on steam for years and years.
To be honest, I don't trust Square, I don't trust them one bit. Their games "look" great, sure, but games like Balan Wonderworld, Chocobo GP or Babylon Fall had great visuals to bait people with as well. I am completely convinced that many of those games are going to be fully priced freemium games like Chocobo GP or Babylon Fall because SE is desperate for money, and as far as their jrpgs go, after really shitty localisation of TWEWY 2 and their ridiculously excessive censorship of mangas on their app, I have absolutely no trust in these games.
Arlo sounds exhausted. Hopefully his Pikmin video will be a bit more… Hopeful? I dunno he just sounds so bored here
Arlo It’s fine
Here's a tip regarding Sparks of Hope: Get it from the used, then you get the game, and Ubisoft gets nothing that they wouldn't have gotten anyways
Regarding octopath traveler 2, if they can weave the stories together, that would be amazing. That was my biggest problem with 1, like why are all these people together? They could have weaved things together and make it so there’s this big bad boss pulling the strings for everything I.e why all 8 heroes eventually come together. I played 1 but it couldn’t push me to finish it so I dropped it. I’ll wait and see with 2.
I’ve never seen someone click bait a reaction and then not show it. Arlo knew his viewers were here to see his Pikmin reaction. A rare weak sauce moment from Arlo.
Please don't kill me, I have like... nothing to do with Zelda, but is "Tears of Kingdom" the Botw 2 many people are waiting for? or is it a DLC? or a completely new game, that has nothing to do with Botw?
what abt bayo3? any new vid coming?
I'm super excited for Mario+Rabbids, but I'll be buying a preowned copy on Ebay. Can't support the things done by Ubisoft. No judgements to anyone who buys it at launch, I just wouldn't be able to enjoy it knowing I paid them. Give them a google to see how poorly they've treated employees, with no consequences.
I’m super excited that they’re bringing Rune Factory 3 up to switch and probably PC! I grew up with that game, my favorite farming sim by far.
The thing with the Fire Emblem game is that it’s intended to be a love letter to the series that was supposed to be released for the series’ 30th anniversary. (That was April 2020, but that’s neither here nor there at this point.) It shows the “primary” lords of 12 prior games at the start of the trailer (Marth, Celica, Sigurd, Leif, Roy, Lyn, Eirika, Ike, Micaiah, Lucina, Corrin and Byleth), so presumably there will be connections to 3H if that’s your cup of tea. There are pretty major exclusions from that wheel like Alm, Seliph, Ephraim, Chrom, Edelgard/Dimitri/Claude, and I can easily see them being shoehorned in as DLC later. In all, I don’t think it’s really meant to be a “new Fire Emblem”, but rather a very delayed anniversary celebration for it. On the flip side, lots of details/images were leaked early about Engage that were proven to be true yesterday. Included in said leak was confirmation of an FE4 remake in the works, which I am really jazzed about. It’s extremely critically acclaimed among hardcore fans, so I’m excited to see what they’re going to do with it.
So hyped for pikmin 4
Arlo.. You'll more than love Tunic. I got it on Steam at release, and 5 hours in? As soon as i heard the music in the direct? I almost cried. It's everything. I love love love Tunic,
I didn't pay attention to octo 2, but if stories interact here then yeah screw it selling 1 for 2, hope they get rid/tone down the poke bush mechanic too
Arlo, I respect the hell out of you for not forgetting about Ubisoft's rampant abuses. Thank you. It sucks, because good people worked hard to make a game that looks real good! But we know who makes the most profit from the sales of a game, and it's not the people in the trenches.  Especially since you often have a more upbeat and family-friendly vibe, I wouldn't hold it against you if you didn't bring it up and just kind of ignored Ubi games, but I really appreciate you getting real about the dirty side of the industry. I love this medium of art, but the business behind it is often shady as all get out (and just "real shady" is often the best we can hope for!)  It does a disservice to the the art and the medium and of course THE HUMANS WHO MAKE IT to uncritically throw praise and money at abusers, and I really love that you aren't doing that.  It's a sad indictment of the game discussion industry though, when the muppet and the quasi-professional wrestler are two of the few game critics who didn't immediately memory hole the abuse.
7:35 There is a nice amount of good news in this direct. But that Metroid player icon. It really got me excited for a bit. But alas..
The answer is always gear. You can find food. You can entertain yourself. It's really hard to find gear.
If we don't get an announcement for a Kirby Air Ride remaster at this point I'm about to start a revolt
Sleep with one eye open tonight Arlo.
"So Miyamoto comes on..." *exasperated siiiiggghhhh*  I felt that too broseph
Sad Metroid sounds
shitty direct... nothing new other than rpgs and farm sims... teasers dont count . 1/5
No Pikmin 4 reaction clip? 🥺
Would've killed to have been sat next to Arlo when **it** was announced. So happy it's finally happening.
Arlo factorio is digital cocaine. Use with caution. Sincerely, a happy addict eagerly awaiting the expansion and the switch version.
The thumbnail, background music, and the video that was recommended I watch next in the outro all were about PIKMIN
Factorio is called Cracktorio by the community for a reason. Just a heads up. 😉
It’s a great day to be a squenix rpg fan, and a decent day to be a Nintendo fan
fyi I have put over 1000 hours into factorio on steam, it's complicated, but it eases you into the hard bits over time, each tier introduces 1 or 2 new levels of complexity that you can take your time learning.
Factorio is great - but buy it on pc, switch/gamepad is not the controller you want to use. Its a bit like how civ6 is available on switch, but you really ought to buy it on pc
As a long running fire emblem fan (since I had a gba) I'm feeling a bit off about the new title. I did feel initially off about three houses. Its a school setting for instance. But over itme and seeing more of the opening of the game I got sold. This next title has a lot more to overcome but maybe it will., Fan service games where you summon old characters? Yeesh. How does that enable a good new story? Hopefully itll be fun but Im not preordering this one.
Nintendo abuses their workers too..
suprise 2023, not Sony but Nintendo ends up buying SE xD
The new FE game has me nervous. I just cannot take the new protagonist's look seriously and I'm wary of the fanservice summoning prioer game characters gimmick. But I'll still give the game a chance.   BOTW teaser: It's nice to have a name and title but I didn't find the new footage all that great.   Excited for Octopath 2. Octopath 1 was good but had some issues, if they address those and improve upon it, Octopath 2 could be incredible.   I guess farming sim rpgs are really popular these days. I have nothing against them was just surprised to see that many in the direct.   Looking forward to pikmin 4 but hard to get too excited without knowing much about the game yet.   Continued lack of news about Metroid Prime 4 has me worried that its second dev cycle isn't going so hot.
I haven't heard NEARLY enough about octopath traveler as I should have. That game is a masterpiece, anyone that hasn't played it should, trust me
Factorio is really good, definitely recommend getting it and trying it arlo
fe looks like the NGC / Wii versions.., imo the best out there (even if the "beast" classes were mostly boring)
Highly recommend Factorio! Though probably on the pc. I'm not sure how well controller support will work, but they seem to have confidence in it!
Return to dreamland having multiple kirbies playable is such an underrated feature. Why has it taken them this long to add that.
Legend of Zelda: Symphony of the Night: 2
I’m really looking forward to Kirby, Zelda, Pikmin, and Fire Emblem games. Shutting down the 3ds eshop makes no sense at all to me either.
Direct was cool. Wish there was Pikmin 4 though.
Honestly, I think the farming sims are now exploding because I think this is the first direct after Concerned Ape said he was no longer working on Stardew so people are rushing to fill that gap?
This is the last time Arlo was seen before being lost to Factorio
I was told about this channel yesterday because I was sooo happy with pikmin 4 and they were like, dude you sound like arlo. I was like whose that. Anyway good to see another pikmin super fan
i feel like people dont talk enough about Crisis Core FF7 coming to the switch. That had me the most excited out of everything. Coming to the switch, it would be like mimicking playing the original on PSP!
Should’ve had his head obscuring the logo in the thumbnail to foreshadow that he wasn’t actually gonna talk about it yet. 😆
gotta have FACTORIO
I seriously expect a new Kirby game in some form nearly every year from now on.
7:43 It also misled me when I saw the Metroid logo and then BAM, Golden Eye. Nintendo be trolling; I love Samus and she needs more love not 1 game every 10 years 😭
Arlo is a tease
stick to your guns on ubisoft.  screw ubisoft.  evil company still run by the same evil people.
the stories in octopath 1 were a bit disconnected, & a bit cliche, but that game delivered so hard in visuals & gameplay.
the fire emblem game's "pulling heroes from other worlds" gimmick makes me think 'gacha game', which in turn really sours my feelings on it.  even if it turns out not to have gacha monetization, i'm still so conditioned againts all associated concepts that I may just skip this one.
It seems to me that Miyamoto restarted production on Pikmin 4 solely for Arlo.
I'm so absolutely pumped for Fatal Frame 4, I have tried to get 4 to work with the fan translation patch but never got it (I was a dumb 15 year old who didn't understand tech) but holy shit I'm excited now to experience it. Please let it launch physically.
fire emblem had always something to do in between battles therefor yeah we have for sure something to do and they showed it will be a hub again which makes sense because now they can do it, on GBA it was also a camp or something else but because of technical restrictions it was just played in menus. but now we will have a full hub in every game for sure
No separate upload of you screaming at the top of your lungs in reaction to a certain plant-based game? (jk jk)
Disappointed that we didn't get to see Arlo in his overalls
Wait...could Pikmin be considered a farming sim?
Didn't even SAY "Pikmin 4"  Me: * *_internal confused screaming_*
PIKMIN 4!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kinda felt like the entire video, Arlo was having to hold back screaming “PIKMINNNM FOUURRRRRRRRR”
japan got harvest moon 64
I honestly thought your voice was hoarse from THAT announcement.
Seeing Arlo get Pikmin 4 makes me feel like a father watching his daughter get married.
Pikmin gets announced, and all we get for Metroid is a middle finger in the form of an icon while they announce OTHER games...😭
So many farm sims, so little money
So Miyamoto comes out..............and...........we'll........................talk about.....................it later.................................................. Spit it out arlo.
If you're not used to the genre I'd recommend starting factorio with the easiest settings possible and enemies turned off. Theres SO much to learn its exhausiltimg even without getting raised by bugs all the time. Turn em back on when you have an idea wtf you're doing
As altrive said "I can hear arlos screans from here"
Ubisoft have a history of protecting abusers. Making comments like this makes you look dumb.
Would you feel fine playing Stars of Hope if you got it used? or is it actually playing it that makes yo uncomfortable?
I Knew if Zelda were mentioned at all it would be a tease.  I would bet money you won’t hear another word about TotK until 2023.  They don’t want TotK to take away from anything they have coming out this holiday.
Still nothing about metroid prime 4 (i know people are sick of hearing us complain, but at least a Status Update would be welcome) and im happy for the jrpg lovers because they got a frickin ton of games. Not all of them with farming though lol.
One solution to the Ubisoft problem you mentioned might be to purchase a used copy of the game. At least in that scenario, you aren't giving Ubiosft as a company money, and being able to still play the game.
Arlo, if you want to play Sparks of Hope and be unsupportive of Ubisoft than you should buy the game physically and pre-owned. You won't be able to get it straight away because people probably won't return there game instantly, but I think that if your willing and able to make yourself not buy it in order to be unsupportive of Ubisoft, than you should easily be able to wait for a pre-owned copy to become available in your nearest store. No money goes to Ubisoft at all this way.
Rune Factory 3 coming to switch is exciting, especially since the port/remaster of 4 was pretty good. But part of my is annoyed that it was revealed in a direct with nearly half a dozen other farming sims. Weirdly I'm more excited for the games that are already over a decade old, like Kirby, Rune Factory, and Tales of Symphonia (never played the latter but it looks fun).  Also excited for that game. Not that interested in that franchise, but nice to see it officially revealed in a direct, I know a lot of people who are losing their minds atm.
didnt say the word ....
How long have you been sick? Are you going to be okay?
The September direct was horrible
please post your live reaction
Oh yeah, just noticed the Octopath 2 trailer specifically called out "intertwining stories." That was the really major complaint about the first. Extra excited now!
Lol that Miyamoto fake out
In one of the discord servers I'm in, someone made a photoshop image of Miyamoto out in a field of crops pulling a pikmin out of the ground (because of all the farming sims) Honestly a pretty accurate depiction of the direct lol
Why is nobody talking about that SpongeBob game? It looked pretty fun to me lol
admit it, you came here to hear about "that game" lmao
Resident evil and kingdom hearts... Cloud gaming, so we don't have to actually do any clever programming to port them, and you have to be online to play, so on the road? There goes your hotspot data.    Doom 2016 and eternal? Properly ported, play offline, no lag, amazing.  Paying full price for cloud game access seems to be a terrible proposition as well.  You only can play the game you bought until they no longer run the cloud gaming servers
“So Miyamoto comes on…” Nah, that was it, you pretty much covered it. 😂
I imagine this Direct had Arlo feeling like that Simpsons meme where all eyes in the classroom are on Bart expectantly.
So it's basically Fire Emblem Stands?
You can always watch the game on YouTube if youtube to feel the same way
Honestly I'm surprised Arlo can still talk, could have sworn I heard his reaction from where I live.
I am so happy for you dude. PIKMIN 4
I am kinda worried about this new FE game because of the precendent with 3 Houses (Which I don't like it) and really hope Engage don't be a Gramps Emblem just like 3 Houses is and we are yet to see more info about the characters and stuff and also hope we don't get to just summon main characters because I am always gravitating towards side characters more then the main ones in any game with multiple playable characters, same with Octopath 2 at first I was super worried when they started to show only old people being playable but them Ochette showed up so was very good! Hope Ochette be really a kid or at least younger then Tressa, since with Tressa I did though she would be like 13/14 but them when I played I saw she is like 18 and did sour a bit for me... (Even tho in my headcannon Tressa will still be 13/14) The remaster of Return to Dreamland is cool and the new ability is also super cool! Mecha Kirby was just a great addition! Also would be nice if the extra Kirbys do stay with their copy abilities forever, which was implied to, because for me Kirby is all about the copy abilities and I dislike loosing it or don't having any...
I'm one of maybe 3 other people on the planet excited for Atelier Ryza 3. XD I played the first 2 on a whim last year, and I absolutely adored them. JRPG series where you can't buy armor, weapons, potions, or charms. You have to craft them, and the crafting system is insanely fun. You have to balance certain qualities and counts of the ingredients to make the best item possible, and you have to make several choices in the crafting process to decide what bonus traits you want to add to your equipment, all before hitting the item's level cap. The series is very cute and laid back, and there's heavy focus on getting to know your party and unlocking quests to do for them to upgrade their skills.  I'm really looking forward to Pikmin 4, too. 3 Deluxe was my first time playing the series, and it was so much fun.
Get well soon arlo
I don't hear a lot of people talking about the abuse perpetrated by Activision and Ubisoft, and I hear fewer people who cover games reticent to support and play them. I just wanted to say that I really appreciate that. I myself, can absolutely not bring myself to play or buy their games.
Arlo they baited me on the Golden eye thing too.
Iiirc Arlo was trending over on twit for hot minute because everyone was excited for him and his reaction specifically and Idk I just think that's neat
I do want you to talk about pikmin 4 soon
8:56 Wait, so what happened with Miyamoto? Why do you act all weird here? You know not all of us watched the direct, right? You can't just act out of the ordinary and refuse to provide context.
I haven't even finished the first octopath but the story and world is so beautiful I'm def buying the second one!
Arlo's hatred towards the love Kirby is receiving, makes my day.
Super hyped about Octopath 2. So awesome. Lots of other cool things. Big SE fan here so happy to see the JRPGs. Happy for Zelda, Fire Emblem and the Kirby announcements/trailers
And then there was me.. FINAL FANTASY THEATRHYTHM IS BACK YEEEEESSSS!!! 502 SONGS [with dlc] LETS GO!!!
I really hope there's no monastery equivalent in the new fire emblem, that was only fun the first time
As for companies like Ubisoft, I agree with what you said Arlo, I also don't want to support them. However when that is that case, what I tend to do is buy a used copy of the game. Then they don't really see the funds from it. I think I'll be doing that for Mario + Rabbids this time around.
Arlo: We'll talk about it later
Regarding Fire Emblem Engage, from what I've seen, a lot of Fire Emblem games are hesitant about the game, because it looks rather generic in its plot and because of it trying to incorporate all the past FE games. Awakening was given a pass by Fire Emblem fans because it was essentially a "Fire Emblem Greatest Hits" in case it ended up being the last Fire Emblem game. Three Houses was a massive success, so I do not understand why they're doing an Awakening-like game again.
Factorio was originally a PC game. I have hundreds of hours in it. I hate it.  But seriously it will envelope your entire life if you let it. I almost did a 15 hour binge, no eating or drinking because I was so involved. Just know its frustrating and fun and infuriating and so rewarding. It is the only game I know with people with thousands of hours in it saying its a 1/10.  IMO seriously though, its an 8/10
I respect Arlo cancelling Ubisoft.  You know if Arlo cancels you that you've done something wrong.
That Direct was complete BS except for the Goldeneye announcement and then the teaser trailer for the next Zelda game that we already knew was happening. When the hell are they going to release Twilight Princess and Windwaker for the Switch??? That's all anyone really cares about.
Arlo finally doesn't have to complain about no new Pikmin anymore. He can rest now
Arlo's the GOAT for pointing out Ubisoft's abuse, well done m8
The one time you didn't predict Pikmin 4.....
Starting to feel people set expectations on Nintendo that are unfair, still get an amazing showing, and then feel disappointed. You got more footage of Zelda, Pinning 4 announced (which I get isn't it shown off or such but it's at least coming officially), a bunch of RPGs, farming Sims, kart racer stuff, Kirby, Bayonetta, a new murder mystery game by the actual Danganronpa team who are busy making a baseball game right now. Like...you got tons. The overall response of "This was dogwater trash" or disappointed just...it confuses me. Tons of cool stuff was shown. Sorry it just wasn't whatever dream you had, you know...
Framerate on tunic looks like it's struggling.
I can't believe they finally confirmed Just Dance for Switch.
Am I the only one who almost died at the GoldenEye reveal? It was a black screen, super quiet, with only the Samus "gamertag" visible I THOUGHT IT WAS GONNA BE A Metroid Prime 4 Reveal and then it was goldeneye which was like good, but... why did you throw me on that rollercoaster
Starting to feel like Kirby is the new mascot
I don't know how I feel about arlo's tone while mentioning pikmin
That was my question too, why all the jrpgs and farming sims? Who is playing *all* of these so that it’s fine that they’re like a dozen every month? They each take like 100 hours to play. Overall not my favorite direct, mostly cause the jrpg stuff does nothing for me, same with fire emblem. Also really wish there was something about a new Mario game. I am wondering if odyssey 2 will be tied to the movie somehow?
What his thoughts around pikmin 4... so for him
Haven't started the video yet but I predict that Arlo is going to call this one of the best Directs ever purely based on Pikmin 4.
it was a mediocre direct for me, they showed Xenoblade 3 but not enough, it was frustrating, the rest is just meh, but Xenoblade 3 was more important and they practically skipped it.
The Return of the Zelda Return of the King Breath of the Wild: Tears of the Kingdom...2 is the new title, it's official.
Gear is the clear choice for me. Food will run out quickly but with the right gear you can harvest your own food lol
I actually tried RE8 Cloud. It chugged like an underfed steam train for a minute at startup, but once it got running it was actually really smooth! I was kind of stunned to be honest.  And concerning THAT game, I swear to God when Miyamoto finished with his Bloom spiel and did the "one more thing" thing, I turned into Sam Kinison in my living room like, "Say it!!! AAAH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!"
Arlo u sick all the time my guy. Like r u ok
Just pirate rabbids 2 :p
watch the dunkey video on octopath 2, that's what my advice is. As for pikmin, you were my first thoughts when I saw that <3
I hate the teases too, but I'm realizing that they might be teasing it like that because the game isn't completely done. As you can see in the trailer, they used fog to obscure multiple areas of the map, as well as using very simple animations for the skydiving thing. But that makes me nervous because it might be delayed again...  Also congrats on the announcement of Pikmin 4, your dream game!
Tbh I hated the the “home base” aspect of FE3H. Glad it looks like they’re going back to their roots. The designs of characters are eh. They look so anime generic.
Just Mario party 1 and 2, no 3
It was a square enix direct
If Factorio looks interesting then maybe you might like a game called Satisfactory
I know I should temper my expectations but I did go into this Direct expecting a Metroid announcement that obviously never came. Which kinda ruined the moment for me, but that's on me for putting too much faith in some hearsay (and no I don't agree that insiders are all trolls and liars, they just have to work with incomplete and fluctuating information, that's all).  On a second look, well, not a Pikmin fan but I'm super duper happy for you guys. The new Fire Emblem game looks a bit silly, but I dunno, it might grow on me. A gazillion JRPGs and farming sims, both old and new, hard pass for me. Many games that we already saw and/or played. A tiny little bit of Zelda.Yeah, even ignoring the Metroid disappointment, still a pretty average Direct for me.
It’s finally happening, Rest easy
Can't wait to see the dude with the red and blue hair and smash 6 despite the fact that I will never care about the fire emblem franchise besides that
Non of the "leaked" stuff you clickbaiters were saying was shown.
I am very excited for RainCode because I liked Danganronpa
my highlight was rune factory 3 special 😭😭 it looks AWFUL, just like rf4s. the backgrounds were just put through waifu2x, the character models were probably remade yet they still look like shit to line up with rf4s's awful presentation, and they didnt mention sorely needed postgame content (its a pretty short game, even compared to rf5). needless to say im absolutely buying it 😩😩 they really do not care about rune factory at all, porting a ds game instead of at least remastering it is just insane, and yet im a sucker for the series💔💔💔
Non of the "leaked" stuff was shown
Thing is when you don’t want to support the company you’re also more so hurting and not supporting the development teams, the company will think “no one’s wants your game we’re putting you on Assassin’s Creed Money Grab” but I understand not wanting to support Activison of Ubisoft.
This might be me being a downer but honestly 3/10 nothing was really announced that I cared about and I was hoping it was something cool and after all the 100 farm sims and rpgs just to show another trailer of link being on a sky island and jumping of it which is something we’ve seen like 2 times already
Obviously there was that game, so of course Arlo is excited for that, but I really didnt find much here that I cared about besides Bayo 3. I might just be over Nintendo outside of mainline Metroid.
Well, I'm glad I forgot about watching the Direct yesterday.  There's nothing here I care about except the new Zelda, which is still too far away.  (Care to take bets on it getting delayed to September or November when next May draws near?  I might be interested in that action.)  I don't pay for access to N64 games.  I'll never "buy" a cloud game.  Anything I can get on other platforms is better on other platforms.  What does that leave?  Oh, yeah, a couple of games I don't want.  Not into RTS games.  Not into pixel art.  Don't care much about Kirby remasters.  XC3 is the one and only thing on the Switch right now I might still buy.
It sure was a farming sim direct plus squenix rpg and Mario.
We all waited 10 years but 4 is finally here!
Pikmin is the best fxking game ever i cant believe this
I try not to he hyped. Maybe for harvestella as it happens, but man... I want to save money. So... sucks to all these games I suppose.  Theatrhythm was nice though. Certainly getting that.  And persona 5 royal.
One suggestion with buying Sparks of Hope and Ubisoft games. Wait a few weeks then buy a used copy.
SO MYAMOTO COMES UP…  …  . . .  SO RESIDENT EVIL-
The Pokemon games for N64 for me where more like, I knew they were coming, but, why now? I mean, I think you can have fun with this game, but the best appeal at the time (other than having the first 3D Pokemon models ever) was using the interaction with Pokemon RBY for Stadium 1 and also GSC for Stadium 2. And without having this option for now is... I don't know, is really worth it, since the 3D model appeal is not a thing anymore?
FInally a Nintendo Direct I wasnt spoiled on! I  was hyped for Pikmin 4 announcement and Goldeneye! Everything else was meh or ok.
Back when Metroid Prime 4 was first announced, who'd have thought we'd get a Pikmin 4 release date first
Oof sorry to hear that you're also sick when "that" is revealed. I know it sucks when I love something and it comes out when I am feeling sick especially this week since I was also sick yesterday haha. Hope you feel better!
I'm hoping that the Metroid icon before the Goldeneye reveal was a tease that there is something Metroid coming soon. The do have subtle and cryptic teases sometimes. Zelda Williams brought out that Majora's Mask at E3 or something one year. They even put a Majora's Mask on the wall of Link's house in Link Between Worlds. So yeah I'm hoping this was that.
There were good games in the direct, but the direct didn't seem to care about that "wow" factor.  Between vague teasers for games we already know about and a very unceremonious Pikmim 4 reveal, the overall pacing was awful. The title drop for "Tears of the Kingdom" deserved a much more interesting trailer.  The direct just didn't seem excited for any of its announcements. Splatfest, Pikmin, Bayonetta, Sparks of Hope, Mario Kart... each trailer had the same energy as a typical 3rd party headline.
I also haven’t played Octopath 1, and 2 looks SO GOOD!!!
I really wanted a Three Houses sequel tbh… but I’m happy for the fans.
I liked for the ubsoft comment
Dude as soon as I saw Pikmin 4, I felt so happy for you!
Everyone's been complaining about the number of farming sims but my favorite harvest moon game is getting remade so I have no complaints.
It only had 5 farming sim games in this direct??!! . And I do sure hope we then get to do some farming in the new Zelda game to make up for it?
Breath of the wild, tears of the kingdom, blood of the ——-? I think it’s going to be a trilogy w game 3 on the next console
Can recommend the SoS remake to anyone who likes Stardew Valley - Arlo didn't mention it, but it's one of the really good games in the series!
Fatal Frame 4 on Switch was a great news. And now we know the name and the release date of the next Zelda. I just hope that Pikmin 4 is not ruined by some stupid gimmick. The logo looked so basic and the environment barren. I know it's not the final game and they didn't even show actual gameplay. But please, be good!  As for the N64, none of these are interesting to me. I think the console as a whole has only a handful of interesting games, although some of my all time favorites are on the console: the Zeldas, Mario 64, Paper Mario, Rogue Squadron, Starfox 64 and Shadow Man.
You skipped over final fantasy theater rhythm for the switch and PS4 those games are amazing.
I understand wanting to hear what Arlo has to say.. but.  IT'S PIKMIN 4 MAN HAVE SOME RESPECT AND BE HYPED
The Farm Sims were my hype lol Particularly the Story of Seasons and Rune Factory remasters as both those games are probably one of the most popular games of the series in their respective fandoms. Harvestella looks cool to me too if only for the fact that it's Square Enix... But yes.... THAT game... I am looking forward to it.
I'm just gonna throw this out there and see how people react. breath of the wild deluxe.
So are we referring to the BotW and TotK sub-series as the “of the” series? Is it Legend of the Zelda?
This Direct was... What is up with the 7 new farming simulators and the 4 rythm and dance games? The only good thing was a release date for Zelda imo
Hmmm weird.  I was unsubscribed from you @Arlo
Make the ubisoft video :D
Again no DK64 or new Donkey Kong Game
Find it....funny that you condemn Activision & Ubisoft but not Nintendo for doing the same things even when you already made a video detailing how Nintendo really is no different just extremely secretive about their pretty horrible work culture. Just buy the game, no doubt almost every major publisher is doing the same so boycott them all based on principle or none based on principle. Thats just my two cents. What do I know?
The Stardew Valley effect. Everybody and their brother started making a farming sim after that game success and now they're all ready for release
Only here for the Pikmin 4 reaction.. sadly there was none :(
Man we boutta have like 18 videos just from the stuff we gotta talk about later
I am starting to get worried about Arlo's health. The emotional changes, the travels, the fact that he is very often sick for one or another reason... I hope he doesn't have something really problematic like cancer or something and he is hiding it. He is probably one of the most beloved "characters" of the gaming side of youtube. At least in my circle. I hope everything is alright.
Metroid prime 4 killed teases for me forever. Unless I can see real gameplay I do not care that a sequel is being made. It's not real until I see a release date and it's double not real until I see gameplay
I half believed that Miyamoto was deliberately trolling Pikmin fans by going on about Bloom for an hour before finally  getting to the actual game reveal.
So they're just canning Advance Wars because they hate us. Releasing it next to waifu emblem would be disastrous, then they're in the hype cycle for the next console.
Arlo you should play Live-A-Live before Octopath. it's so so much better.
Fire emblem is probably to celebrate the 30 year anniversary, but delayed. Looks like that kind of game with the return of old heroes of course so makes sense
I want Wario Land Shake Dimension and Kirby Planet Robobot on Switch.
"You can't buy those 3DS games, the shop's closed." NO, IT ISN'T. It doesn't close until March 27, 2023. God, this is just people whinging about Super Mario 3D All-Stars all over again!
Fire Emblem's Bizarre Adventure
Arlie not mentally prepared to talk about pikmin 🤣
Pokémon Stadium without the Gameboy connectivity is just a shell of the game. The big draw was bringing in your own Pokémon and taking on the challenges or fighting other players with them. You can technically do it with rental Pokémon, but they have such crap movesets that it is a last resort. And the rewards. Completing the Gym challenge mode rewarded you with a random Pokémon that you had to choose between and leave one or more behind, so extra starters, Hitmons, fossil Pokémon, and Eevees too if I recall, meaning that players with red and blue could trade to fill the Pokedex without restarting the game to get more starters or Eevees. And the Doduo and Dodrio Gameboy, allowing you to play in turbo speed for those that didn't engage in Missingno item duping to get infinite rare candies and money by greatly speeding up those grind sessions. I think you also needed Stadium to unlock Surfing Pikachu. Heck, it also had Pokémon storage as well. Whenever I would start up a new game I would save my favorite mons to Stadium long before Pokémon Bank and Home were things, allowing me more freedom to experiment with movesets on unique Pokémon and limited TMs.  Nintendo, find a way to connect 3DS Virtual Console Pokémon games to Switch Pokémon Stadium, and postpone the closing of the Eshop so people can enjoy Stadium fully, the way we remember it. Or bring these old games to Switch, and have Stadium capable of accessing the save data!
Sad that bayonetta is skipped in this video
Arlo says he can’t stand teases yet teases us with the reason 99% of us watched this video 😂
Kirby is getting more love than zelda I would be liying if I said I wasn't disappointed
Disappointed of no Metroid Prime remaster. While I own the Splatoon Switch OLED, I hope Nintendo makes a Metroid themed OLED
Bro you didn't even talk about THAT game
Feel better soon, Arlo!
Though I understand people's frustration over the slow-drip of TotK(!) info, I gotta say, I was shocked at how much this trailer was exactly what I wanted. I'm one of those 'I already know I wanna play it, anything else you tell me is just spoilers' type people, so the only info I really still wanted was the name and the release date, and I'm personally really happy they just gave us that without too much other, "spoilery" stuff added in.
very excited for "the discussion and the reaction later"!
-I'm in the position the last few years where I don't care how quality it is or may be, I don't want anything to do with Fire Emblem. I'm just not interested and I feel myself caring even less the more its pumped out.  -The names are offputting to some, but I'm genuinely interested in Octopath Traveler.  -I really liked the first game for the Rabbids crossover with Mario. -I can't get excited about the NSO additions. When they started over again, gave you some bad versions of some of those games that requires a paid online service that is also not thats good, they made it almost impossible to get excited. Having them drip feed it again is the poop icing on the kinda poopy sundae. -Kirby is one of the highest quality series and continues its trend by not releasing bad ones.  So for me, there's at least one game to blow dust off my Switch for here. But I'm saddened by the fact that one game is a remake and that Kirby has to be the one to continually justify me playing the system more then actually never. I like Kirby and don't want to stop liking him. The lack of variety in my gaming life on the platform is hurting me though.
I’m sorry but this direct was complete garbage and just a complete disappointment and a complete slap in the face to me and other Zelda fans out there we were all expecting wind Waker instead all we got was A bunch of stupid garbage video games that nobody really wants with the exception of breath of the wild two And trailers for games that they’ve already been announced which shouldnt have been on this direct  Shigeru Miyamoto failed and upset me and others Zelda fans it’s obvious Nintendo doesn’t think of their fans no wind waker on switch was just a complete slap in the face to me it’s far as I’m concerned Nintendo failed miserably And it’s obvious Nintendo never once thinks of the customer
Noooo.....  so that's why we didn't get a live reaction. Damn
Arlo sounds sad thought he would have been happy....
Oh no, we’re about to lose Arlo to Factorio…  Arlo, before you dive in, you should know that that game is also generally known as “Cracktorio”
this direct was made by a jrpg fan who is also a farmer and i dont mind since it gets me more jrpgs :D
Farming game direct is was so trash
I DIDNT EVEN KNOW THIS HAPPENED OMG???
Tease.
If you want the Rabbids game but don't want to support Ubisoft, just buy used! Then Ubisoft get no money from you.
This direct sucked. All we got was Pikmin 4 existence which is cool and kirby remake and zelda title drop but that's literally it.
The way I see gear, grub, or fun is that you have your basic needs met BUT would you rather have nicer gear (i.e. a better bed), nicer food, or some entertainment stuff
Even if ubisoft did all those things I still wanna get Mario and rabbids just because it looks fun plus people probably worked hard on that game so we gotta at least support them
i really like this direct, but you could make a drinking game out of the commentator saying "harvest crops" and Arlo, get well first before you talk about THAT GAME, im really looking forward to that discussion
Picked Men
I’m a huge fan of Arlo reacting to Pikmin. No, never played a Pikmin game, just a fan of Arlo reacting to Pikmin
Bayonetta is so close I can't
I hate that I really want the new Mario & Rabbids because I loved the first one but have to agree with you on never buying a Ubisoft game again. Especially after that new Yves Guillemot interview that just came out the other day that made my blood boil.
I loved Octopath Traveler SO MUCH! So I'm glad we got a sequel. And Pikmin 4! So the Direct was already great with these two games for me. And Tunic on top. Awesome Direct!
With zelda i rather have this that a full reveal. I don't want to know nothing going into it, all I wanted to know was the title and release date.
What was this Metroid icon in Golden Eye? Was it a hint, or related to golden eye and I don't remember?
I cant wait for when Nintendo decides to remake Kirby Triple Deluxe and release it as Kirby Triple Deluxe *DELUXE*
Oh factorio will grab you alright, or as we call it cracktorio
About Sparks of Hope: Have you considered buying it secondhand? That way you won't directly be supporting Ubi, because they get nothing when you buy the game off of someone else, but you can still play. But maybe that's just the hypocrite in me wanting to have principles, but also wanting to play that game :P
Wow a 2 whole games I’m interested in at least it was better than the last one
As someone who loves JRPGs, doesn't care about Zeldas or Marios, has been waiting ages for DK and Pikmin, I'd say this is overall the best direct ever, period. Maybe slightly behind the Xenoblade 3 reveal one. But oh my lord was it amazing. At this point, the only thing I can hope for is a new 3D DK.
Why u no mention pikmin 4?
Factorio goes by another name among it's more dedicated playerbase, cracktorio, just for it's ability to draw you in and not let go.
I wasn't aware there was going to be a direct today but I unexpectedly woke up early when it was airing.  I just assume Arlo's screaming woke me up from across the country
While the Direct wasn't for me, there were some cool announcements. Kirby Return to Dreamland Deluxe was out of nowhere but great, It Takes Two, Octopath 2 was a great surprise, Raincode looks phenomenal as a fan of Danganronpa, Sparks of Hope is still my most anticipated game of this year, Goldeneye on NSO was shocking, the Tales remake was another one I didn't see coming and the MK8DX tracks looked good. Pikmin 4, Fire Emblem and Zelda aren't my cup of tea, but they were really cool for fans of those series. Then the over abundance of RPGs and farming sims was a bit much, felt like the variety wasn't there for me like in other Directs.  Also with regards to Epic Yarn 3DS, I've heard people say the Wii version is the better one (from what I've seen the Wii version looks better). Might be worth picking it up on Wii U virtual console if you can
If you liked farming JRPGS I bet you loved this Direct.  Just how many do we need?
Tunic is more of a Dark Souls game in Zelda clothing.
You do know Nintendo of America has been accused of similar to Activision and Ubisoft
Nah this direct wasn't it at all.  At least we got Tears of the Kingdom. Also octopath traveler was the most boring basic bitch rpg so I won't get the second one.
Do you know how many streamers saw the Pikmin 4 announcement and said, "Arlo has to be losing his mind right now"
Which game release could be Arlo‘s new dream now? Any suggestions?
Real happy about Pikmin but the way they revealed it was the WORST THING I HAVE EVER BEEN THROUGH.
I understand that Mario + Rabbids is iffy for you simply because you don't want to support Ubisoft, which is a fine stance to take (I don't really like them either), but you can still play it without "supporting" them, right?  Assuming that you don't want to go _that_ route, you could rent it, borrow it, or buy it used after release.  Though depending on what you mean buy "support", even making a video about what you think of it (if you were to even play it of course) could possibly constitute that, I don't know.  Well, I'd be ok with hearing your explanation about the situation, but I think I understand it well enough.  Though I'll hold firm that playing a game second hand isn't supporting the company directly, whether that's a good or bad thing depends on how much you dislike the company, I guess.  It's a shame, though, because the devs for Mario + Rabbids seem like they really care.     Make no mistake I'm not trying to butt in and tell you what to do by any means, just a possible suggestion is all.
With Mario Rabbids, do what ion gonna do and just wait a bit and buy it from eBay. No profit for Ubi!
I can't believe Arlo is still alive Did he made another deal with the duck grim reaper so he could live long enough to play pikmin 4? Also Arlo regarding Mario+Rabbids If only you had an old switch hardware...
I agree about the platformer ports. I always preferred Returns over Tropical Freeze, and now it's less accessible because Nintendo's closing the shops. But Return to Dream Land is such a fantastic game, so I can hardly complain. I still wpuld like Planet Robobot and Triple Deluxe on the Switch too so the new age Nintendo fans can experience the 3D Warp Star in all it's foreground to background glory. That was one thing I missed in Star Allies and Return to Dream Land predated it. It was so wonderfully crafted into the gameplay and level design I loved it.
I'm just surprised Arlo survived the announcement. Being sick on top of that sounds deadly.
I am well....I'm here to listen to your commentary
My thoughts on the direct is pretty much the same: it was a direct! - Fire Emblem Engage didn't really grab me, I just don't think the main character is designed that well and I kind of tired of games continually revisiting the past. - Xenoblade 3's new character looks cool, but that's all I can say since I didn't watch the trailer cause I haven't beat the game yet and I'm not taking any risks. - Still need to play Octopath Traveller, but I getting kind of burnt out on RPGs. - I still need to finish Pikmin 3, but from what I've played it was pretty fun so I'm interested in Pikmin 4 - Finally we can stop calling it BotW 2
Never had any problems with cloud, when I had a Switch. I have a 200 Gb / 50 Gb connection. Sometimes it comes down to the stability of the connection rather than the speed.
I love octopath traveler 2 it looks so good but I saw it's also coming to PlayStation I didn't know that but it's awesome that more people get a chance to play it
I legit thought you had a heart attack and died once the big reveal happened lol
My splatfest choice is gear. With gear I can catch food and cook food, depending on the gear I can make some rudimentary games.
In the Japanese Direct, the avatar's icon for Golden Eye's reveal was Bowser. XD
I think Zelda saved the direct, aside from the Pikmin surprise (happy for its fans!) and the Kirby deluxe, I was ready to say it was the worst direct
8:06 Be Carful there is a reason Factorio is also known Cracktorio (I've got 380 hours in that game but some people actually have thousands of hours), tough it's probably a lot better on PC then on switch becouse 1. It probably works a lot better with keyboard and mouse, tough I've heard it plays fine on steam deck. 2. Mod Support 3. Performance Factorio can get pretty cpu heavy when you try to build megabases and stuff, so much so that even the fastest cpu struggle, so anything bigger then it takes to beat the game and launch a rocket might be a problem.
Pikmin 4 being announced was a better birthday present than I thought possible lmao
8:26 Don't do it, you will get lost in Factorio
I adored three houses and engage is also not… engaging me as much. The setting just doesn’t seem as appealing.  BUT, I think I’m going to get it anyway, three houses gameplay and progression was compelling enough for me to want to follow the series from now on.  I was pleasantly surprised by Octopath 2. That’s a game I ALSO adored, so I’m super happy there’s a sequel coming. I will say, square enix is way too fond of games with the same art style and the same title screen design, it’s very odd.  Mario and rabbids is a must, I loved that first game too, funny enough, but that might just be a Christmas ask, I’m not as fussed about it.
I don't understand why Kirby is called Return to Dreamland Deluxe in Europe as in America as it was called Adventure Wii as in Japan back in 2011... And the remake is called Adventure Wii Deluxe in Japan 🤨
Mario Rabbids is gonna be awesome. Just go play it. Quit your unnecessary boycots, and just play it.
It's because of bubbytoad isn't it
When they did the pikmin part i immediately thought of you. I only have switch and probably won't get another system anytime soon so I just might try the resident evil cloud games and might buy them. I really have wanted to play those games.
you can see the golf club clipping through their massive heads 👎👎👎
Too much tease, that really sums up the second half of the switch’s life cycle huh.
this direct was great. there was farm games, rpg games, and farming rpg games games. featuring zelda: tears of peru
Factorio is awful and a waste of money
go off on Ubisoft!!! i love serious Arlo!!
I think every Nintendo Youtuber and their audiences were thinking of Arlo when Pikmin 4 popped up. And now I've been staring at Arlo's channel waiting to hear the muppet man freak out
yeah, pretty lackluster direct overall. definitely no cool new announcements KEKW
Big day for obnoxious mfs
The resident evil bit got me
Cloud games would be kind of interesting if they didn't think I was stupid enough to pay full price for an online only rental license.  Like seriously, it's a concept that is interesting. But charging full price for those kinds of games is absolutely saying "we think that you, the consumer, are an idiot, and you will pay this much money for a rental."
If you have gear you have the means to get your own food so I’m going gear for the splatfest
Am disappointed. I came to watch Alro freak out over Pikmin. I guess I'll have to wait.
Your very right about factorio, in fact it’s an injoke in the community that they haven’t seen their family since they’ve started playing the game
So.... You're going to tease us your reaction to the announcement of *THAT* game??
8:20 Factorio IS that type of game. Just look at the steam reviews. They'll tell you just as much, if not more.
Fire emblem enrage was a 30’th anniversary fan service game that got pushed back.
i was hoping so much you’d mention ib!
Pokemon Stadium 2 is freaking impossible without the transfer pack... so I wonder if they will change anything. Maybe include the Gameboy Pokemon games too?
Agreed on the Ubi stuff Arlo. Hell, there was a whole new bit of that that dropped TODAY where Yves tried to claim that a bunch of the reports were "generational misunderstandings". Screw them, even though the game looks good, we shouldn't feed them $ to continue to hurt others.
It's not weird. I also refuse to support Ubisoft
I was wondering why it was short but you split off the two long bits into other videos XXD
I thought of you immediately! Haha
I’ll play FE because of Marth. It’s good to see him in actions again in a FE game! SE is gonna make all the money back they lost doing those western games on other systems. Sparks of Hope is a guaranteed buy. N64 games are taking me down memory lane I tell you! Factorio looks good as well. I’ll also agree with Arlo about the golf stuff. I don’t care. 😂! I’d like to see what Miyamoto said. Is it concerning the movie? RE I already have on XB so I don’t care.
Overall, the Direct was interesting, but the biggest thing that grabbed me was that Switch can even RUN RE7,2,3, and 8 in any way, shape, or form, which people said was impossible. Starting to believe Nintendo hates Metroid Prime though, lol
I don't get how the splatfest thing is even a debate. You pick gear because gear means tools. And tools means you can either create or obtain the other 2 categories. Need fun? Use your saw to make a board game or dart board. Need food? Take you speak and fishing rod and go fishing.  It's like, if you only bring fun, you are ABSOLTELY going to die. If you only bring food, you will last as long as the food will last you, and THEN you will die. . . but gear, gear is the method to fulfill all your needs till your tools break. . . so make more while you still can. Hell, a water filter, even just that. Fking HUGE.
to this day, I have very little context of Golden Eye, 007 or what the context of It's connection to whoever James Bond is. But I'm surprised these movies have been coming out for like 50 years. yet never once in my almost 30 years of life have I heard of them until a couple years ago. I don't know if it's some kinda UK exclusive franchise or why it suddenly exists. it's a very strange Mandela effect. Because there was no "Golden Eye on Nintendo 64" back in the 90's. Just like Looney Tunes was spelled " Looney Toons". or some people thinking Pikachu had a black tipped tail.
sick gang 🤧
What was up with the Metroid image in the corner of the goldeneye reveal?
I spent the entire video waiting for him to start screaming uncontrollably I feel betrayed
Metroid fans as usual taking massive Ls
Im really excited for Fire Emblem Engage. Apparently the summoning old characters thing is because the game was originally planned to release on the 30th anniversery. The anniversery being lame makes sense now.
Ugh when are they coming out with the legend of Zelda breath of the wild 3? Or are they going to call it tears of the kingdom 2?
Factorio is ABSOLUTELY one of those games where if it hooks you, it takes away your life. THE FACTORY MUST GROW!! I would love to see your thoughts on it!
13:31 I prefer the teases, I actually would prefer if they didn’t show Zelda at all. It’s a game that I want to experience with a controller in my hands. I know it exist and I know it will be in my collection day 1.
Am I the only one that finds Dedede’s modern design…. weird? He looks a lot more beastly, which made sense for forgotten land considering the events of that game but they’re… keeping that look even though Dedede’s usually a friendly or at least a goofy guy
@Arlo I hope when Kirby came on, you said "Hey Kirby".
We can all completely agree that the stuff done at Ubisoft and Activision-Blizzard is horrible. Absolutely horrible. However, boycotting/not buying games isn’t the answer. Those companies are enormous, and filled with employees whose livelihoods can be affected if sales tank for some reason on games that would have otherwise sold well. Heck, if some of those people that had to endure the hell of that abuse and then all their hard work on a game didn’t manage to do well? If it all went unseen? That would be awful.   The vast majority of the game’s sales go to those in power over those companies, (often the ones named as being abusers and protectors of abusers) this is true, but we’ve got to find a different way to do something about it. Those abused and innocent people are just caught in the crossfire if we decide not to buy games simply because of them coming from companies doing shady things. Especially when it’s a game that looks as lovingly crafted as Mario+Rabbids: Sparks of Hope.
I’m sad to see no one talking about the Tales of Symphonia remaster. That game really deserves more praise
I would like to see Arlo live reaction on Pikmin 4 ;)
Zelda with pikmin background
Glad to see you posted today. When they announced Pikmin 4 I genuinely thought you’d end up in the hospital from a panic/heart attack.
New FE: more generic/less detailed art style, better animations, more fan-servicey in using old characters. I'm worried that as someone who started into FE with just 3H that this game will lack its own identity in it's story and appearance. 3H might not have had the best animations, but it felt distinct from other mainstream games from other studios, and I don't feel like this one does to me yet. Upon first seeing it, my brain wasn't convinced it was a full mainline game for the first bit, which is not a good vibe to be giving off, IMO.
Total snooze fest outside of Pikmin 4 and Zelda. Apparently this is why they skipped the June direct
That Ubisoft thingy they should fix. Don't get me wrong, people need to buy what they want to buy, I understand. It's Ubisoft's problem and they need to fix it the only thing the normal consumer can do is spread awareness so it gets to the media.
I thought for sure that you were going to end the video with a cut-off scream of victory, but it makes more sense that you'll have a whole other video coming out later for THAT GAME
The mobile crap was totally unnessesary! The rest was good- amazing!
These last couple Fire Emblem games almost has me pulling out my hair. Three Houses tried to hard to evolve and be like Persona and Engage has the stupidest looking main character with his joycon colors, also the fan service hero system is too much. How am i supposed to take the game serious he looks so ridiculous he looks like he belongs in Xenoblade Chronicles 3. New Zelda looks cool tho, but I hope a new switch isn’t too far out so it and the new bayonetta doesn’t run like poopoo.
Still no fzero booooo Nintendo
We really don't need a fan service fire emblem game..... We already got the mobile game and the first warriors game.....
All the Capcom Resident Evil stuff being cloud only really bums me out. I can't buy cloud games on principle. Never have, never will. But damn, I would have loved a solid Resident Evil catalog on Switch.
SOS AWL  looks really good! A wonderful life is one of the best in the entire Harvest Moon series!! The story actually progresses as time goes by, the valley grows and characters age. They're uniquely modelled, with a sense of depth that a lot of characters in older HM titles miss. It's a very realistic, melancholic take on HM that always appealed to older fans. Looks like they've breathed new life into it! Couldn't be more excited ♥️
i told myself not to get my hopes up even though the persona 25th anniversary is still going on and yet i still had a twinge of "so no persona 2 ports...?" at the end. im such an obsessed fan lmao also im just now realizing... i didnt feel much hype over the tears of the kingdom trailer? idk why, i wish i could be losing my mind over it and promising to buy it like i did for botw but im just... "eh, lets see." maybe because theres so little actual footage and gameplay, just link running around and climbing things? also is it crying tears or ripped paper tears?
Gratz Arlo on the Pikmin!
So good to hear someone saying everything I thought!!!
If you play factorio then say goodbye to sleep. Fair warning!
I didn't enjoy the presentation. It had like 30+ minutes on RPGs and Farming Sims. I was bored.
If the order of the pictures means anything, Oct-Dec will have Pilotwings and the first two Mario Party games, Mario Party 3 will come out in Jan, and the Pokemon Stadium games will start rolling out in February. This aligns perfectly with the February Nintendo Direct. My theory is they may very well announce GameBoy games for NSO at that point and maybe people will be able to use their 'mons from the GameBoy games on NSO in their Pokemon Stadium files. But maybe that's hoping for too much?  And I liked but never finished the Pikmin 3 Deluxe Demo. Realistically I'll prob never play a full Pikmin game. But even so, when I saw the announcement for Pikmin 4 I just felt genuinely happy for Arlo. I don't even know this guy but he has that effect on you lol.
Looking at middle thing on the botw2 tablet i feel like Link will be fighting Giratina
THAT GAME LETS GOOOOOOO
very much looking forward to you reaction. on the other hand octopath 1 was very disappointing: it had some touching moments here and there, but overall was pretty mediocre and my experience with the garbage FINAL BOSS was one of the worst things that has ever happened to me in video games and just tore down down the whole game for me
So you're unsure about buying a Ubisoft game because of it's of it's offenses but Nintendo has done shitty things too  but they get a pass?
Finally someone being positive about this direct
Fire emblem going hard
I bought factorio last night bc of the direct. It’s complicated but fun so far
Sorry about the conflicting thoughts about Ubisoft :/ I like that you stick to your morals. From my perspective it’s also important to remember that not every dollar goes to the people you disagree with, I think there are lots of wonderful people who worked on the game that still deserve recognition, and I love supporting projects that I want to see more of, while also acknowledging bad company culture when I observe it. So I will probably be buying the game, and I hope you also respect that viewpoint too! :)
Hang on, I thought hey Pikmin was Pikmin 4.
No live reaction? I subbed to this channel years ago for the sole reason that one day he would live react to pikmin 4. I literally don't think I've ever been more disappointed in anything in my entire life. Should I unsubsctibe?
Arlos so gobsmacked by Pikmin 4 that he didn't even mention It in the video
Awww common I clicked for the miyamoto segment
Nintendo: you want farming simulators? Fans: NO Nintendo: have some farming simulators. Miyamoto appears: Fans: MARIO MOVIE? Miyamoto: How about pikmin? Fans: Breath of the wild 2?? Nintendo: here’s another teaser that shows literally nothing new
I hope he recorded his reaction. I wanna hear his voice when it was revealed
I was wondering what you were thinking about the news, the video must be unhinged hype when it comes out
When pikmin 4 was announced I literally screamed. Arlo you were right. It took a few years but you were right
The new fire emblem was heartbreaking to see. I wanted it to be fake. Or just some Chinese ripoff. But no. It's real and made for fanservice
Don't worry too much about Ubisoft with the Mario/Rabbids game. Ubisoft Milan is the primary developer over in Italy. They're pretty wholesome there, Grant Kirkhope and Davide Soliani are super nerd pals who post on twitter all the time.
Still no pikmin??
This was not a bad direct... but what is taking Metroid Prime 4 so long? I mean that game was shown off basically when the Switch was announced and we have hardly heard a peep about is since. I mean by the time that game is finally released properly the Switch's succssor will probably be on its way.
It's very funny to me that the Kirby game to properly celebrate his anniversary is just a deluxe version of a previous game from a previous anniversary. Very funny to me.
I feel the same about Ubisoft and not wanting to buy Sparks of Hope even though I know I would LOVE the game. It's tragic, but I'm gonna keep telling to avoid Ubisoft
danging muppetman we all came here for that reaction XD
Thought about you straightaway when a certain little game got announced😉  Happy, happy, happy for you fuzzy blue boi!
Ah yes the game that shall not he named
Yeah I'm 100% with you on Fatal Frame. I want to start from the beginning so if they ever remake the first one I'm jumping on it.
UbiSoft is dope I love RAYMAN
This was the best Direct we've ever had, hands down.  Anyway, Gear, Grub and FUN?  C'mon, Nintendo, make it "Gear, Grub and Games", or "Fittings, Food and Fun" if you really need to use the F.
I litteraly screamed in Joy when i saw pikmin 4
I liked most of the direct but it felt hollow. It had a lot of announcements but there was nothing that stuck with me afterwards. Even the Pikmin announcement was empty and gave no direction.
I finally bought pikmen 3 deluxe last week, a game I'm proud I have added to my collection.
Guys mean he did say it was close to being done in development, this really isn't that surprising.
I buy things based on product and not company because I feel every big company has done bad things so I still plan to get Mario plus rabbids
With Gear you can make a fishing pole to get the food. And you can have fun climbing the tree or swimming. So Gear is the one true choice.
Big respect for calling out Ubisoft and holding your ground.  Arlo the legend.
Honestly I think Kirby's return to dream land is one of the most polished kirby games, has a lot of content, and a good story. Also exited for the minigames
huuuge long time fire emblem fan, but honestly pretty disappointed by the reveal.  I really dislike the art direction and the new gimmick, and it feels really fanservices in a way no fans seem to like. after 3h and other good titles its just a bit sad
if you wanna play mario and rabbids sparks of hope without supporting ubisoft, just by the game used so ubi won't get a dime from your purchase
Why no Pikmin hype?
I’m starting the petition now, ARLO SHOW US YOUR OVERALLS!!!!
a whole lotta time wasting and like 5 minutes of worthwhile content just awful pacing
im the same with mario and rabbids, i really wanna play it but i cant justify buying a ubisoft game
I can’t wait for Arlo’s 2 hour video on the breakdown and discussion of a 40 second teaser trailer for Pikmin 4 with no gameplay
Pikmin 4 and Kirby saved the direct.
other than "that game" and Tears, it was pretty boriiiing
Pikmin 4 in the thumbnail but then not even saying one word. What a clickbait ;P
Hearing Arlo, someone who probably doesn't know much about Factorio, talking about Factorio as if he's interested makes me really amused. I want to see Arlo get hooked and then make a 3 hour video talking about how his life devolved to nothing but playing Factorio and he needed intervention to stop.
As soon as I saw Pikmin 4 I was like "oh boy, when is that Arlo video coming?"
Remasters and remakes are not the same thing.
Zelda, Kirby, and Pikmin are my favorite video games series every! This direct was 100% a 10/10 for me! Great video
No talking about tales of symphonia remater
I guess Arlo is so happy right now that he skipped his dream come true for later xD
I could hear whatever noise you were making when Pikmin came onscreen, following Pikmin 4's official reveal.
Fire Emblem games always follow this sequence when there are more than just one released on one console. The first game is critically acclaimed, a god damn masta-peice. The next one is balls to the walls weeb shit
*inhales* PIKMIIIIIIN 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please offer the alternative of 240p 15fps for the Resident Evil games over cloud versions. I know this might read sarcastic but I’m dead serious
Got the first Octopath Traveler in 2018, still trying to beat it today. By the time I’m done the sequel will be out.
The big catch 22 when it comes to supporting a developer or not is that sales don't really hurt the higher ups, you need some movement or big outcry to do that, the reality is they fire the hard working developers and staff that have bills and family to pay and look after and the game industry isn't in a place where you can guarantee you will get a good job if you leave or get fired.  so for me I would always choose to try to hurt the higher ups and not the staff just doing their job especially if victims do exist because it just because it's more likely for that victim to be fired for the poor sales which at worse can send the message of "if you speak up, you get fired".
I like that we got the official announcement for (something) 4, but I do wish we'd hear about a port of the first 3 (something) games, too.
11:11
Meh it was largely disappointing
I dont have much time to play games, so if there it at least one thing in a direct that I really want to play, then I am happy. It Takes Two and Tears of the Kingdom are locked in for me.
So  this was edited by kane in your house arlo? That's so friking sweet!!!
Tips for if you're gonna get into factorio:  1. Keep lots of food and water in your room 2. Create a space to go to the bathroom very close to or combined with wherever you are playing 3. Alert your family and friends that you're going on vacation for 2-6 weeks 4. If you happen to be a YouTuber be prepared to produce either no content or exclusively factorio content for several months 5. *THE FACTORY MUST GROW* 6. Have fun!
C- for me. I'm happy for Fire Emblem and Pikmin fans though. That said, there were a few standouts albeit small ones. Tunic and Code Rain caught my attention. The fact that Harvestella demo will let you transfer your save data full game is cool. Goldeneye made me happy for 5 seconds. Peach's Garden is a welcome addition to MK8D. And lastly, I'm looking forward to Bayo 3 despite my trying to keep my expectations in check. But yeah, none of them REALLY grabbed me. Also, LoZ: TotK...not excited. I'll likely buy it day 1, but I'm not excited for it. Not yet anyway.
Arlo, you need to play Octopath Traveler. It's such a good game. I'm sure you have a huge backlog like all of us do, but it's worth it if you were a fan of SNES JRPGs.
But is the kingdom crying... or is it tearing?
8:20 Factorio fans: Only 9000 hours?
Was a really good direct.  Nintendo is really spoiling us.  The only problem I have is a personal one.  Being between jobs and thus not having funds for everything I want here.  Gonna have to pick and choose over the next few months.
legit as soon as I saw the pikmin 4 teaser my first thought was "arlo's gonna be so happy"
Arlo, definitely try out Factorio, it’s a lot of fun. I would probably get it on pc though idk how well it will work on a controller.
PIKMIN 3 2 LETSGOOOOOOO
I was with GVG watching the Direct and when Pikmin came up everyone in the cast and the chat was talking about you :))
They did Mario dirty, that’s what I think
Why do you seem so disinterested in this Direct? I thought you would've loved all of these reveals.
Definitely excited to finally see Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom and the remake of Kirby’s Return to Dreamland! That’s one Kirby game I’ve never played myself, so I’m happy with it. I think Pikmin 4 broke a certain someone, by the way.
Sick or not, your live reaction would of been great. Oh well, missed opportunity.
In the first 3 seconds, you can just hear his satisfaction with the news from that "My wonderful friends, Hello.". Glorious.
Speaking of abuse and such, when you got to Factorio I thought I should mention it: The director is a terrible person, not hard to find more info if you want to know more.
tbh, I'm disappointed. I mean, we waited forever from feb. to sep. to get one 40 minutes direct, and all we got was a tiny teaser of a game we knew was coming, ANOTHER kirby game(in fact, another remake) and fire emblem/pikmin 4. We kind of expected all of this but I feel like there were just no surprises and there was too many stupid "farming" games. I mean, we've waited 5 YEARS for metroid prime 4, yet all we've gotten is a twitter banner. Seriously, disappointing direct and I guess I'm on the edge of my seat waiting for more metroid news in the next direct.
Three things dude: 1. Definitely with you on that Fatal Frame trilogy remaster, but still stoked to finally play 4. 2. Has anyone suggested you buy Ubisoft and Activision games used on eBay? 3. ...later...
Thanks for mentioning the problems with Ubisoft, Arlo. Not enough people know about the serious abuse that has happened in that company. I liked playing the original Mario vs Rabbids, but I can't purchase the sequel now knowing about Ubisoft's culture of abuse towards its employees.
Absolutely loved that gaffe with Return of the King, Breath of the Wild COLON Tears of the Kingdom... 2 :P
Am I missing something or did Arlo, the Pikmin Super Fan, not talk about Pikmin 4 😂
Who else is soooo excited for A Wonderful Life and Rune Factory 3?! I definitely agree with your thoughts about FE. Seems a bit much, but I’m pretty excited. I wasn’t at all excited for Xenoblade 3 when it was announced, but now it’s my game of the year, so…
I was really hoping for Fire Emblem: 3 Farms, but I guess we'll have to wait
9:57 I'm laughing. People are going to give Kirby the stink eye if this keeps up I swear. But I can't complain. Can't have too much Kirbs would have preferred a 64 remake but technically it is on the Switch so return is another bonus? Can't wait for that Zelda game as well though but kinda wish they would bring back the Mario & Luigi series or maybe fix a another series that apparently can no longer have any more unique characters I guess? Still don't understand why cough cough Paper Mario.   Also I am glad I wasn't the only one that noticed, why all these farming sim games? Are they trying to send a message? There was like five in this direct SHEESH
Massive respect for boycotting Ubisoft. I absolutely agree and I almost forgot that they did that stuff. Just got swept under the rug
thought the zelda tease was more annoying than anything.  feel like they might delay it again with how far back they put it.  pikmin 4 was the only big reveal for me, could other small neat things. season pass for rabbids is yikes
Arlo. Your damn thumbnail is full of spoilers. Your encouraging people to unsubscribe.
Welcome to Pikmin 4. After 9 years in development, hopefully it will be worth the wait.
At least we’ve gotten *something* of Tears of the Kingdom. Metroid Prime 4 was announced over 5 years ago and we still haven’t gotten anything on it.
Tbh I liked the school aspect of Three Houses, exploring and doing stuff before and after battles, but I don't want it for every future FE. It makes the games take longer to beat having to do all that after every fight. I much prefer to focus on the actual fights. My fav FE will always probably be Radiant Dawn, and that one had 42 chapters, as opposed to 22 in Three Houses.
Honestly I'm excited for tears of the kingdom and Pikmin 4. Now I'm going to go watch the trailer and await what I assume is going to be your video dedicated exclusively to that.  Edit: I'm back from the trailer and my balls are now bluer than Arlo.
...who else was waiting for arlos video just to hear his reaction on pikmin 4 .... 🤦🏽‍♂️
Honestly, the Mario+Rabbids thing is a valid take, but the team behind this just seems so passionate about this game, I wanna support it and buy it. Plus, this game looks so fun.
By “later” I thought he meant later in this video, not a whole other video, lol.
Very excited for the FFVII Crisis Core Remake or whatever it's called. And of course BOTW 2 or Tears of the Kingdom if you actually cared. Hoped for an Earthbound Remake or a new 2D Mario game.
All I want is to see Arlo's reaction to Pikmin 4 . . . and he knows it! 😆
its not just you, im a fire emblem fan but this trailer didn't really grab me
arlo just rent Mario rabbids from the library
Arlo...I clicked this video specifically because I thought I would see you flip out when Pickman 4 was announced.... and nothing, not even mentioned.  Yes I her you say later, but this video was a Direct Discussion and Pickman WAS part of the Direct.  So to just skip it entirely.... made the entire video feel like a scam, or deception, it left s bad taste.  I would take authenticity over extra hype that is in a different video.  Or do you think that Pickman 4 was a bad reveal?
my 1st reaction when pikmin was announce was "Oh ... no.. Arlo is going to die"
This Direct was great if you like farming sims or RPGs. Or RPG farming sims.
🧑‍🌾
Following Kirby’s Return to Dreamland Deluxe, can we get Kirby Triple Deluxe Deluxe? 👀
The clickbait is unreal !!!
On the farming Sim trend... I think my only issue is... Why always farming? Mix it up with a hunting/survival game side to one of these games like the original Oregon Trail or something next year game devs please.
RPG and Farm Sim Direct
something is not right here
Screw Fire Emblem
octopath traveler 2 is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING AND I AM SO EXCITED AAAAAAAAAAAA botw 2 looks okay too
I really enjoyed the Direct! I am someone who really likes life/farming sims and will probably check out one or two of those, but  I can understand why not everyone would love it. Very excited for Pikmin and Zelda!
Warning: For your personal health beware Factorio. The game is too fun and addicting. It’s simple but the complexity comes in optimizing and automating everything, and defending your factory from Biters. And that’s when it gets you. That’s when you blink and realize you’ve been playing for fourteen hours. The community calls it Cracktorio for a reason, as the game is legally digital crack cocaine, just endless positive feedback loops. This is one of those games where the devs promising free updates isn’t a nice gesture, but a threat  Have funnnnnn~
However Pikmin 4 Looks great and New Mario Kart DLC for the holidays! Still No GB, GBC, or GBA why???
Everyone knew Arlo's reaction was going to be insane.
just came here to say congratulations on your four pikmin. it's been a long time coming
I feel clickbaited af
I feel like they put that Metroid symbol up there on purpose to mess with ppl lol
Fire Emblem-  I'm actually going to be kinda happy if the game doesn't have any sort of long filler stuff between battles.  The school mechanic was getting a bit too much for me.  I know it's sorta up to you how much time you want to spend with that part, but I tend to overthink those sorts of elements and it ends up being a big drag between battles.  I liked the Three Houses DLC because the intermissions between battles were a lot shorter, so pacing was more battle, battle, battle.  Felt a lot more old school.  I hope Engage (cringey name) feels more like that.
You forgor to talk about pikmin!!!!!
You da man Arlo
No Arlo reaction :(
I’m fine if you wanna boycot Ubisoft and the rabbids game, but plz remember not to make those who do buy the game feel bad about it. I don’t like the abuse in any way either — buying the game isn’t a show of support for that activity.
Has Prime 4 been in my imagination this whole time and it's not actually real?
It's weird. This should be a homerun TGS Direct with Fire Emblem, SQE RPGs, Atelier 3, Pikmin 4, Kirby Dreamland, Zelda, but most reacters were kinda lukewarm. I think the plethora of leaks/fake leaks, the ports, and the farming sims might have brought it down. Personally, halfway through, I felt kind of sad because I realized 90% of the games in this presentation--even the ones I'm kind of interested in--I will never play. It's just too much. My backlog is too large. If they had trimmed the fat off this Direct and made it shorter, it could have hit harder. Like the Let's Dance game? I don't think anyone who's excited for Nintendo Directs is interested in that.
Lol didn't notice the metroid thing with Goldeneye... Wouldn't it be funny if they patched her Samus 64 model into Goldeneye?  On the Wii sports Golf thing... It was hilarious that he introduced it like "please give us more time", like someone might ragequit without it at this point.
You were the first person I thought of when I saw pikmin 4. Congrats Arlo 😂🎉
Pepsi-chan
Arlo: So this happened! Me: o rly? Arlo: Yeah... but we'll talk about it later 🤣
Super-happy for all the Pikmin fans!
I really enjoyed this Square Enix Direct!
good on you for bringing up the Ubisoft situation! ❤
I'm disappointed in Fire Emblem Engage. It feels like Intelligent Systems just didn't know where to go with the series but Nintendo told them to make another one. That or the mountain of money they've made from Fire Emblem Heroes has gotten large enough they just don't care anymore. Maybe a little bit of both. I look at it and I see nothing but hollow fanservice. First Fire Emblem game in the history of localized fire emblem titles I think I'm probably going to skip.  Octopath 2 is nice, THAT GAME being announced is great, and a release date for Tears of the Kingdom is great.  Overall I'd rate this one an 8/10
The reason why arlo isn't ready to talk about pikmin 4 is because he needs to find the duck head so he can do the dying gag again
NO ZELDA WW TP
Ive never played fire emblem but the new one actually caught my eye. The protagonist is ridiculous looking but I love the way the game looks
NOOOO ARLO DONT PKAY FACTORIO ITS LITERAL GAMING CRACK AND YOULL NEVER UPLOAD ANOTHER VIDEO
Pikminnnnnnnnn! Best direct
Possibly the worst Direct ever. I want my 40 minutes back.
They COULD have done Gear, Grub, or Games. They could have. Missed opportunity
Ooh, really expected a reaction for this one, was so excited. Real bummer that you were sick for this one
The Direct was good, but just barely on the lesser side. They stuffed so many RPGs and Farming Sims into the middle it was a bit distracting. Cause Animal Crossing, lol. Anyway, Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe. Hell yeah!
I wanted a new DK game so bad to play with my huzz.  Instead we have  another Kirby.  Not as good but better than nothing
When I saw Pikmin 4 I wanted 2 reactions. Altrive and Arlo. They were both great
Alear be built like my joycons
Damn it, Arlo! I came to watch this video because I wanted to hear your excitement for Pikmin 4!
10+ weeb games and about 5 farming/lifesimulation games. No Metroid prime 4...
The only things I can say is that I was actually pretty mad about Switch Sports. Like why is Nintendo taking so damn long just to release ONE extra sport? It’s gonna take them more months to release ONE sport?! Are you kidding me?!  I also don’t really mind the teases tho this time, the 5 seconds of gameplay didn’t really impress me all that much aside from the beginning. But that just makes me more stoked for the game. And besides, there is a chance we could see a full trailer of Tears of the Kingdom or a full on Zelda direct before May so fingers crossed.
i get the feeling that kriby is just sakurai venting for the abuse that he got from the dlc
What about THE GAME 😬
i need to hear your scream arlo. its why we're here.
I had a dream about that game like 2 months ago and got sad when I woke up thinking it may never come out
you like nothing 😡
my only thought on Pikmin 4 for hours was: "Is Arlo okay??"
i love wveryone congratulating arlo for the pikmin 4 announcement like he just had a baby or something
As a fan of Fire Emblem, this new one really didn't sell itself to me, might be the first new title since getting into the series that I skip. Why is the most recent spin off feel like a legitimate sequel with care and respect put into it, while the next main series title feel like a spin off that tries to pander to fans across the series?
Wish they would remaster the 3ds games, awakening is my favorite one
Tunic is more souls-like than zelda-like  trust me on this one
Wow, and here I thought I was the only one that expected Metroid content because of the logo during Goldeneye
I'm so glad Arlo is looking forward to playing one of the good Kirby games.   Of the two best in the series, Robobot and Return to Dreamland, I hoped if Arlo would play another Kirby game then he would pick my childhood game Return to Dreamland over Robobot, even though they're both amazing games.  It's such a good game man... and now it's getting a remake/remaster.  AVOID ALL SPOILERS if you can tho  Star Allies was meant for long time Kirby fans, and it was pretty different than the other Kirby games so it left a bad impression of the series to a lot of people sadly.
I saw that pikmin 4 trailer and went “Arlo you happy bitch”
7:47 Sorry to be that guy, but it would be "many a night", you use singular with "many a ______"  Also, yes rep for the 90s!!!! Couch co-op days were the best
I jumped for joy when they announced Pikmin 4! I’m so excited! Finally finally happened finally finally hallelujah
If you really know how to survive you'll always be able to find food & make gear, so it's smarter to take something fun that you could never recreate adequately in the wild (like a Switch with a solar charger, for instance...) ;)
the most underwhelming direct for me, also IM A HUGE NINTENDO GUY, but there was no new games that I'm interested in, I'm already buying xenoblade 3 dlc, and I'm not watching anymore trailers on botw 2 ( I don't like spoilers, and i know it has a name) but I am happy for pikmin fans, and other fans of the smaller series because if I was in their shoes I would be having a ball.
Won’t lie I’m actually motivated to get the Nintendo online + expansion what ever just so I can play Pokémon stadium 1&2
Ubisoft s*cks, you're right, my man
Farmville the Direct lol
How could anyone watch a direct with announcements for Splatoon, Kirby, Zelda, and Pikmin and think it’s bad
Awesome video. I am looking forward to seeing your video on that ONE game.
To be fair Nintendo is like the leakiest publisher ever at the moment, they probably are being like ultra protective over Tears
Even as not the biggest fan of Pikmin, I'm very happy it's finally getting a proper new installment. I had admittedly written the series off since all that has happened for years was a handheld and mobile game, and was expecting the most Nintendo would do was remakes of 1 and 2, but finally some attention is going around. Still hoping NSO+ gets a little more appealing because I still can't justify the price for the darn thing.
8:55 is what you came for
Gear is clearly the winner(survivor)’s choice.
Did he not talk about pikmin 4?
A butt ton of rpg games this direct.
I thought he was going to be hype for Pikmin 4 . I see him talk about it for awhile and it actually coming. Hopefully they let us play with bulbmin
I've actually clipped Wood's live saying "Arlo is losing his mind right now" and wanted to send it to you
absolutely try factorio
Of course Arlo is sick the day pikmin 4 gets officially confirmed
1:34 This totally grabbed me!!! This seems far less prurient than recent FE outings.
What is the song in the background? I know it is wii sports or switch sports related
Arlo, you can play the games by Ubisoft and appreciate the work without giving them money. I and my friends just buy Ubisoft games a month after release second-hand. Ubisoft gets none of our money. We refuse to give anything for lootboxes.
It wasn't too bad but then playstation said hold my  🍻  man sony nailed it
As soon as i saw that 4 i immediately thought of you
Still no FF 1-6 collection.
There wasn’t much in there for me, but I knew you’d be happy.
What I like is that it can be tears of the kingdom as in crying but also as in tearing something apart and we do not know which it is!
Miyamoto- Pikmin 4 Arlo- WHAT?! Miyamoto- Goodbye
heeeeey kirby!
I'm so happy Return to Dreamland is getting a remake. That's one of my favorite games of all time!
I wondered why they had yellow nectar in Pikmin bloom now I know, it’s the New Pikmins flower color
continue to be extremely disappointed with the direction of the fire emblem games. they did not used to be waifu trash & had complicated, politics focused storylines where the things you did/said actually mattered
Okay highlights for me: Atelier Ryza 3, Harvestella (only farming game that looks polished), Fitness Boxing Fist of the North Star (never going to buy that but I laughed so hard seeing it), Fatal Frame 4 remake, Pikmin 4, and I wonder if its supposed to be TEARS (like crying or TEARS like portals/rifts) of the Kingdom
I feel like Arlo is always sick lol
As a FE fan, I probably won't be playing the new one.
11:10 Bruh now Zelda fans know exactly what is Splatoon fans were feeling 6 months ago
We need more farming sims. 4 wasn't enough 😅
On another note, I can mark Feb 24th, 2023 as the day I die and go to heaven because we're getting Octopath, Ryza, and Kirby on the SAME DAY! 😵
fun fact, octopath traveller 2 has been out on mobile for a while! which is really weird because it is a fully fledged jrpg
Essentially, if you wanna know his opinions are this video, don’t watch it
As exciting as stuff like Pikmin 4, the new Fire Emblem, and Tears of the Kingdom are... I'm so hyped for Octopath Traveler II. Enemy battle animations, characters being involved with one another's stories rather than each being different narrative "islands", even more music from Yasunori Nishiki...  Also, despite it being a gacha game, I've been thoroughly enjoying the stories in Octopath Traveler: Champions of the Continent (a sorta-prequel mobile game).
I feel like, uh...  Feel like Arlo skipped over something...
I may still be calling it BotW2 by the time it's out just because I've been calling it that for so long.  The new Fire Emblem's making me scratch my head. Why are they basically recycling the gimmick of their currently popular mobile game in their mainline game? It just seems really odd.  If I could actually use my 3DS classic Pokemon games with the Stadium rereleases, I would actually shell out for the online expansion. I've been doing cool stuff like breeding shines and building Pokemon in Gold for the past few years anticipating getting to use them with the N64 games, but I guess that's just not happening.
Anyone else worried we broke Arlo?
I’ve never gotten into pikmin (quit pikmin 2 after trying that terrifying water only dungeon as a kid) but I’m excited to get into the series. I will stand by botw2 never being able to live up to my expectations though, mainly because I find the original game to be extremely underwhelming and boring.
You can definitely start with fatal frame 4! They made it in mind that it would people’s first fatal frame! It’s why they got rid of the numbering of the game! It has no connection to the other games besides the camera and the maker of the camera (who is mentioned in every game basically)! Lol
What if for this Legend of Zelda it's tears as in tearing something apart? Or even both like a double meaning?
I love how everyone was just thinking about Arlo when they saw Pikmin 4 😂😂😂😂
I don't mind the Zelda tease since they gave a release date, although I'm also the type of person who like to go into games as blind as possible
I was expecting pikmin 3 premium deluxe
Tears of the kingdom is a very unfortunate name because of recent events
BAYONETTA 3 IS THE MOST IMPORTANT GAME ON SWITCH! <3
I would rather get the og re2 on nso
Botw sequel on my birthday? Fingers crossed
Didnt even watch the direct, just waited for you lol
It was a good direct! ...if you're a farming sim enthusiast or were REALLY looking forward to Pikmin Bloom.
When I saw Pikmin 4 I imagined Arlo running out on the street, naked, yelling at the top of his lungs "Nintendo won E3!" over and over again.  I know that has nothing to do with this and it may not even be a thing anymore but that just makes it funnier to me.
So here’s the thing: if you are gonna boycott a company like Ubisoft, you are gonna have to expand that list immensely. There is no way that what Ubisoft has done even comes close to a company like Walmart, Amazon, or Nike. So how about it, do you also not shop on Amazon? Somehow I think Arlo does, which is fine but it’s inconsistent application of values.
Everything I personally hoped for came true so I’m happy
Arlo, do NOT sleep on Fatal Frame 4, even if you haven’t played the first 3 (I don’t think they are connected too much anyways). I played the English fan translation on my wii u over the summer and it’s a great game
Farmers Direct
I watched the direct because I saw non stop people talking about windwaker and twilight princess remakes. I was so disappointed when that proved to be a lie. Still a good direct but it was just so overshadowed by my disappointment.
"Tears of the Kingdom" is a little bit... topically on the nose right now. XD
I want people to imagine this Direct without the Pikmin 4 announcement. It literally would have been “here’s a bunch of RPGs, some of them new, and a bunch of games we’ve already announced. Now who’s stoked for Mario Kart DLC!”
Much as it was fantastic to see Pikmin finally get the big reveal and us Kirby fans continue to get spoiled, I felt pretty underwhelmed by the direct. As you said, the whole Zelda tease has been played up for so long now that it's hard to get much from this new one, even with the name reveal. Also, the amount of JRPG/farm sim stuff was pretty lopsided. I'm likewise not huge fan of all that, so naturally it wouldn't mean much to me, but the amount they showed here felt way too much.  I will admit though: Octopath Traveler II has somehow got me kinda interested as well, though I think mainly because of that setting (I *love* fantasy in an industrializing world).
I was only watching for the wind waker and prime reveal... So sad right now 😭
This is up there as one of the best Square Enix directs in years!
Gear is clearly the most important thing for a deserted island.
I was happy to see any new details about the next Zelda game, but I was disappointed to not see any update on Metroid Prime 4. I was also hoping to see something about the Metroid Prime Trilogy coming to Switch, as well as the Final Fantasy I-VI Pixel Remasters, because it makes no sense to me at all that they're still only on mobile and PC. I'm also waiting on Silksong news, like many of us are. Maybe an update on Sea of Stars, though we at least have a general release window on that one. So there wasn't a whole lot here for me specifically, but I'm glad you're finally getting Pikmin 4. 🙂
If you like farming simulators....this was the greatest day of your life
I'm surprised that there hasn't been a port of Wind waker or twilight princess yet, I thought for sure it would be this direct
Tease for Zelda? I mean aside from a new trailer we actually got the official launch date now so I'd say that's pretty substantial! Now the bigger tease was giving us NO Metroid news...
You finally happy we're getting Pikmin 4? When I saw that I thought to myself, "Man I wonder how Arlo is doing after that".
Don't sleep on the Front Mission games. Fantastic old school grid strategy game with mechs. Good story and awesome customization.
So many farming games
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME,  THIS NINTENDO DIRECT WAS TERRIBLE...THANKS NINTENDO!!!!
I have pretty good internet speed, and I tried the RE Village demo on the eShop, and it looks great no blur or anything, but the input delay is god awful and practically unplayable for me.
Rune Factory 3 Special? O0  I will keep my eyes peeled for it.
Arloveralls
Maybe the next new 3D Mario game will be Super Mario E I E I O. 👨🏼‍🌾
Excited for That Game to be my first introduction to the series! Always looked like a blast and very cute :)
I'm actually at a point where I'm fine with just a title drop and a date. I don't really want to see anything about the game at all if it's a franchise I know I like.  That and I lost the ability to be hype about anything anyway so it doesn't really matter.
Oh my god, they did it!  Huge fan of Fatal Frame, thought I'd never be able to play this one! Since they skipped it when they rereleased black water, I thought they weren't doing it! This was a damn good Direct
I wonder if they are keeping the stick rotation minigames in Mario Party 1? I assumed that's why the game had never been available on another console.
What do mean by tease, pretty much any game trailer can be seen as a tease tbh
I liked it, but I absolutely get why people who are less enthusiastic for either JRPGs or farming games would have found it a bit mediocre between the huge announcements.  I don't _mind_ teases, as long as there's only one tease and it comes with at least a _year_ (...This is, what, the third TotK tease? At least we got the name and date this time) - I'd prefer it if they had a full announcement trailer, but...
Factorio is an incredible game, Arlo.  I've put at least 500 hours into it on PC.
Here's my take on the Ubisoft situation, not buying their games is not going to hurt the rich folks who used their power to cover stuff up. All it's going to do is get lower staff who where possibly completely uninvolved with the situations to get laid off. Then they have to go home and explain to their family why they don't have a job anymore.
The tease rant just made me think Nintendo is the best at edging.
I can't be the only one who noticed tears of the Kingdom don't seem like it's a sequel
Arlo: So right now… (sigh) so… Resident evil
I have to say, I am very happy for Arlo. Man’s name waited years for this
Yeah, instant I heard about the Pikmin 4 announcement my second thought (following OH MY GOD NEW PIKMIN GAME!) was "Arlo's gonna LOVE this". Even told my Discord friends about it. Can't wait to see ya talk about it. Happy direct day!
It was honestly pretty mid. Unless you have a deep love of farming simulators and/or jrpgs there wasn't a lot to be excited for. That's not to say it wasn't all terrible. Amidst all of the jrpg and farming filler we have the official announcement and release date of the long anticipated Pikmin 4, Mario Kart 8 DX Booster course Wave 3 will be released in December, Hal is remaking Kirby's Return to Dream Land (My first Kirby game and full exposure to the franchise), and we finally got a release date on the new Zelda game, officially given the subtitle Tears of the Kingdom. Needless to say, I think Nintendo had pretty much made their fill of game releases earlier this year and for the most part this was just them picking at stray strings. At least this way we can look forward to the year 2023 with them no doubt having more major things coming up the pipeline around then.
bro i tuned the direct out after the second “anime rpg but also life sim farming” game
This direct was 65% anime RPGs, life sims, and anime RPG life sims.
Arlo being sick during this direct sucks.....because no vid purely of his HHAAHAHA HOHOO HOHOHO OH MY HOOO OOOOHH OHHHH OH MY GOD YESSSSSS!!!
Factorio is one of the best games I've played, don't do it though, it's a dangerous addition
Now Arlo can move on to begging for Pikmin 5.
Same, I thought they were about to announce a new Metroid, but no, it's Goldeneye.  So the Ib remake has a Switch release. So if you always wanted to play it, but didn't want to play it on a PC, and don't mind paying what they'll charge for it, you can. So that's cool. Wish someone had told the VO guy how Ib is intended to be pronounced (like "Eve", but with a "b" sound instead of a "v" sound), but that's really minor.
I would've loved a fairly downgraded, on system port for REmake 2 and 3 instead of cloud based. I get going streaming but I have issues doing anything online on the switch, all my other devices are fine online but switch for some reason just doesn't work to par roughly half the time
Glad a great Kirby game is coming to Switch. I can live with the "bonus stage" segments being colored but man, why did they replace the Dedede? at least he isn't as massive as he was in Forgotten land but he just looks so different you could pass him off as a different character.
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
At least we got a date.
I'm not disappointed since I got 3 things I wanted I wasn't anticipating. THAT GAME, Octopath Traveler 2, and the name reveal for Tears of the Kingdom and release date. My expectations were low going in since Nintendo already very recently released their heavy hitters, being Xenoblade Chronicles 3 and Splatoon 3. People would have thought better of this direct if they cut out the middle man. But even then, I thought some of the RPGs looked interesting, the only thing stopping me is competition with other games for my time and money
I’m hyped for pikmin 4 hope you are too arlo
The opinion on Sparks of Hope match mine completely. I bought the first one before we found out what was happening in there and I really enjoyed it. And I know I'd enjoy this.  But forget ever supporting that company again.
Can't wait for Pikmin 4
Give us odyssey 2 bro
LOL. I was watching this video to see your reaction on the one game you could not talk about. I can't to see what you wanna say about it.
7 tears for 7 dungeons and then the 8th being the final dungeon. Nintendo fixes one complaint about there not being traditional dungeons.
Is it strange that I almost feel happier for Arlo getting Pikmin 4 than I do for myself?
You can hear his pain. Restraining himself from uttering the name Pikmin 4.
"It feels good to have a date" - Arlo
PLAY FACTORIO IT IS COCAINE
Nintendo fans have been waiting YEARS to see a game with the number 4. This is truly an iconic day.
too much weeb shit
Arlo how are you always sick lol?
I’m not even a big fan of Pikmin, I was just happy because I wanted to see Arlos reaction lol
I definitely first thought of you when I saw pikmin 4
I imagine the devs for three houses laughing everytime someone says its a really good game. Its obviously unfinished and surely no one is proud of that one. Maybe just because I make games I notice it but there is no way anyone intended to make a game like that. Almost certainly impossible deadlines and producer interference. The nintendo equivalent of like the suicide squad movie.
Square enix is pumping out games at breakneck speed and im sick of it
8:00 Arlo might be going into hibernation soon.
I was actually worried about you, consider it was silent for this long. Thought maybe there was a happiness heart-attack
I lost my everything when they announced THAT game, Tales of Symphonia, Tears of the Kingdom, and Story of Seasons. OH what an AMAZING direct for me personally! 😁
Fire Emblem Heroes 2 basically. Not thrilled
Factorio is the game they use in all the steam deck ads. I'd bet that's where you think you've seen it before.
I’m with Arlo. I’m kinda tired of the Zelda teases, but hey, what can we do?
Reaction please 😭
I wanna see the full reaction, those screams during pikmin would be wild
Ohhhhh man I was screaming for somebody to check on Arlo while watching the Direct live. Getting to this video and getting the "I'm not ready to talk about this yet" response is hyping me up even more for the NEXT video :)
As soon as I saw the Pinkman four announcement I knew I had to see what you had to say
I got really annoyed when they only announced 2.5 new tracks from MK8D DLC wave 3. They could have mentioned all 8, but they want to encourage speculation for free advertising. They might as well reveal all the remaining DLC since the leaks came out.
Haven’t watch this man in years but instantly thought of him when I saw they announcement
Literally waited all day for this. A lot of other people made videos first and I watched them and they were good but I was waiting for this. And now I have to wait more to see Arlo's pikmin reaction. But like, it's gotta be huge if he can't even talk about it yet. 😁
You can tell he is just DYING to talk about *that* game but he doesn't want the video to be over ten hours.
8:00 Alro, I'm doing this for your own good.  Step away from the Factorio, don't touch it, and cast it away from your mind before it consumes you and all the free time you have left on this earth!
Arlo I heard you scream when they announced that game.
I was constantly checking YouTube for Arlo’s reaction all throughout the day after watching the direct and he did not disappoint
PIKMIN 4 BABYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think I have had just enough tears of the kingdom tease to not want to see the full reveal, but instead buy the game and go spoiler free
when nintendo switch sports and mario strikers was shown i actually felt like they think that we are stupid and eat up everything
I'm surprised our little monster had that much self restrain to gush about Pikmin 4. Either he was going apes like when he did the same for Metroid Prime 4, or he was left speechless.
I came here for Pikmin reaction, lol.
With the 64 games you should make a video about why it sucks not making the Pokémon Stadium games compatible with any 3DS virtual consol games or capable of transferring games. It can only use in game rental Pokémon because Nitendo hates us. The whole thing that made those games loved was the Stadium games acted as the ultimate post game for all the Gameboy games.
Overall I thought it was a solid direct. Quite a few games I'm excited for!
I'm going Gear - You can secure your food and fun needs with gear, you can't secure your gear needs with either food or fun.
Seriously though why were there so many farming sims?!? Are they just now catching up on the Stardew Valley hype?
I'm really excited for all the rpgs they announced 😄
I don’t know I guess you gotta be a Nintendo super fan to appreciate this direct. It was aight.
Loved hearing about the Story of Seasons A Wonderful Life! One of my favorite childhood games! Going to be a rough year waiting until next summer >.<;
Thus Arlo is partying.
How dare you, Factorio is great. Also, I have about 6000 hours in it...
you kinda look like grover your character
I would start with OT2.... i did over 120 hours with the first one to reach the final boss.... tried one time, fighting for an hour or so then it just one shot kills the entire party. Never even tried again, it was that disappointing tbh.... Sold the game, so got half my money back. :)
Yeah that’s kinda very excited that Fire 🔥 Emblem™️ Engage Next Mainline 17th Game Installment for Nintendo Switch & I’ll try to get at Release Launch Date when it’ll come out.
Lots of farm games
I am calling it now, Zelda will get delayed till the holiday season next year
I understand you're feeling sick and want to save your voice for later.  I hope you feel better, truly.  BUT, in return for this understanding and this wait, I'm expecting all the Arlos to react to the news.  ALL OF THEM!  Hacker Arlo, Evil Arlo, every single Arlo from your multiversal Raycons Ads.  All of the Arlos must rejoice!
With how nintendo is doing their games *cough* metroid prime 4 and zelda totk *cough* it could be 5 years before pikmin 4 comes out. Hope that is not the case.
Arlo I thought you actually died of hype this time again.
There were a bunch of farming games in this. Did anyone else realize that? Do ppl even like farming sims that much to warrant this many? Jeez, the over saturation...
I heard that music. You can’t hide my child from me
I’m not a Pikmin fan, but I was so hyped when they announced it because I knew it would make Arlos world .
Fire Emblem, Octopath 2, Pikman 4 (Wood knew Arlo would go crazy when Miyamoto himself made it official), Front Mission Remakes, Tales of Symphonia Remaster, Crisis Core & Zelda were my favorites of Nintendo Direct. A new Romancing Saga, Harvestella & that Danganrompa detective game all looked interesting as well. For Breath of The Wild 2, I hope we get weapons that don't break so often. Give us Blacksmiths who can improve weapons' durability & add perks for added skills similar to the likes of Ghost of Tsushima and The Way of The Samurai games from PS2. Also hope we get populated towns, cities & castles in Hyrule this time chock full with NPCs & side quests, need way more than just roaming a gorgeous but largely empty open world where all you do is kill enemies, need more variety for the sequel.  Tekken 8, Issin, Rise of The Ronin & God of War were my favorites for Sony State of Play. Ragnarok is gonna be frickin' bada@$
So for pikmin 4, I think I felt what others felt about Metroid prime 4. I played pikmin 3 on release day over 9 years ago, I was actually on a road trip and plugged my wii u in the car charger and had so much fun. Beat the campaign 2x on that road trip alone. Remember being hyped all the way back in 2015 for pikmin 4 and it finally happening. I felt the power of Nostalgia
I'm excited for Octopath Traveler 2. I'm surprised were not getting a demo, also it's not even a timed exclusive.
As soon as I heard the news, I was like yep, that's another death visit for Arlo
Can't wait to see the  video  about other game that  was announced
What’s the big deal about pikmin
You know what it would have made it even better than the tease for Zelda game boy and game boy advance games on the freaking switch at this point make your freaking expansion pack worth it Nintendo
Colon  2
MID🥱
Pikmin 4!!!!
This direct gave me so many new games to check out! I'm also not a big fan of jrpg but the concept and gameplay of Raincode piqued my interest.
I really couldn't care less about literally everything but Legend of Zelda.
Complete snooze fest. Also confirmed leakers 100% talk out of their posterior…
Well, I've waited long enough for Pikmin 4's return; I can wait another day or so to hear your reaction.
Absolutely Starving for your reaction. Hopefully soon!
Dang I wished you reacted live to it. Would of loved to have another Metroid Prime 4 like reaction.
The new Fire Emblem seems like a combination of Fire Emblem Heroes and Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE. The Emblem mechanic seems like it's designed to summon heroes a la FEH and you can team up with them like the adjuncts from Fire Emblem Awakening, or merge with them like TMS#FE. It's a really odd combination. It's very fanservice-y. This is definitely a for the fans game. That said, the story sounds really generic Fire Emblem with the Fell Dragon thing and I just don't think we needed another fanservice game. With Heroes and Warriors and even TMS#FE, Fire Emblem has gotten a lot of fanservice games recently and this one even uses the art style from Heroes instead of the more realistic designs that were prominent in 3 Houses, much less Shadows of Valentia. I just don't really like that art style much, though it looks great on Marth and I genuinely believe he has never looked better. I just think all the new characters look as generic aniplex anime as possible, like Sword Art Online season 1.  But, that's just my thoughts on it. I'm kinda stressed about this since I couldn't even finish 1 cycle through 3 Hope's. These games are just too long for me these days and I'm having a baby a month before this comes out, so I might not make it through this one
One of the things that I was hoping for this direct was something for Crisis Core: Reunion, like more gameplay and a release date and I’m glad that it was in the direct
I was disappointed at no Game Boy, the emulators leaked, THEYRE DONE. Though nobody is really complaining about the Expansion Pack anymore, so why not continue the drip feed!
Pilotwings 64, Goldeneye, and Pikmin 4 make this my all-time favorite Direct.  Those have been some serious most-wanteds for me.
Zelda was ready for end 2022, seems like they need it for something in 2023, how about a new console they have to now port the game over?
The one time he doesn't jokingly predict it; He gets it.
The first video posted on this, while i was at work, specifically mentioned "I can hear arlo screaming from here" well they must think there's an echo, because I'm losing my marbles too
so hyped about Front Mission
I was surprised when I saw Pikmin 4 because I didn’t see a video titled “PIKMIN 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!” in my subscription box.
Really hoping they do a deep-dive into Zelda soon. Not sure how many more of these teases I can take.
The Blue muppet getting blue balled by Nintendo
He's so shocked that THAT game released that can mention its name anymore.
They’re really blue balling with Zelda 😂
Octopath 2: I noticed the characters have the same 8 jobs from the first game, so I'm hoping they've changed things enough to make the jobs feel fresh rather than just copy/paste them from OT1. I think if they can do that, then Octopath 2 has potential to surpass the first game.  Zelda -BotW2- TotK: Let me just put it this way: I'm very fortunate to have Xenoblade 3 to hold me over until we get actual info about this game beyond "It's BotW, but there's islands floating in the sky now".  Best of luck organizing your thoughts to talk about THAT GAME, Arlo!
I really felt like when miyamoto came on stage and talked about the movie he really blue balled us thinking we were about to see a trailer for it
If you do play factorio do it with a mouse and keyboard. It's super optimized so even an old budget PC can run it.
Arlo, I totally (mostly) get why you're "weird" about Ubisoft. I think it's perfectly reasonable to want to play something, but _not_ want the company behind it to get any material support from you, no matter how small.  Maybe you can pick up a used physical copy from someone else at some point, that way Ubisoft only got money from that particular instance of the game.
I'm just waiting for Furukawa to give the finger to whichever shitbag at company management is holding Camelot back from a Golden Sun revival.
Just saying, but I have many friends working at Ubisoft Montreal for years, women and LGBTQA+  included, and they like it. I am 100% for not encouraging companies that mistreat their employees but as far as I know, when it got out, well they actually did something? I was talking about it with one of them this weekend, he was saying how the terrible overtime thing, back then did happen (he luckily didn't get much of it) but it's not the case anymore. And similar things came out of Nintendo recently. I hope it get fixed. Of course it's not perfect, I don't think any place is however :(  Also I'm hype for Fire Emblem and Zelda. The farming games are cute but I wont have times to play them. Hyped for Bayo too lol. And the direct did have a weird pacing. Also thought about you when Pikmin 4 got confirmed
Shocked you didn't say anything about Pickmen 4?
So... you loved this direct?
I really wish you would make the Ubisoft video. I have a friend who worked as an animator for Ubisoft and was apparently treated horribly, like massive crunch and just being treaded super disrespectfully, I kind of agree they’re one of the bad ones.
Yeah, Kirby’s Return to Dream Land is one of the better 2D games, imo. I think it’s the best representative of the Kirby series—it serves as the modern template of the series, combines the previous styles of the series beautifully (Sakurai’s action focus, Shimomura’s puzzle focus, and the Flagship Duology’s exploration focus), and is the cornerstone of its iconic lore. Remaking it is a great idea considering how many new fans Forgotten Land made, and of course it’ll be great to revisit the game that turned fully converted me to a fan of the series.  …but MAN it’s making me feel old. I was a kid when that game came out, and now it’s old enough to get the remake treatment. 90s kids, is this what the Super Star Ultra announcement felt like?
Do not play Factorio. I repeat, Do not play factorio! The game will eat every moment from your life. Its extremly addicting, and all your time will go to building the factory. THE FACTORY MUST GROW!!!
I think Zelda was a tease because they wanted to give a date without it being- ya know- just a date. Like "we promise we are working! We promise!"
If I had a nickel for every anime farm sim Nintendo announced this direct I’d have FOUR NICKELS. Which isn’t a lot but it’s weird it happened fice
Congrats on the big Pikmin 4 reveal. Wonderful to see your patience paying off!  Also, don't sleep on the Tales of Symphonia remake. That series is excellent!
If they don't put Arlo in Pikmin 4 they have not respected the hype he has brought to the game lol.
90% of the direct was enix games
Was with a discord call with a friend during the direct and we literally kept meming how many farm simulator games there was, double points if it was created by Square Enix.
They're starting to run out of ideas if they're bringing the "summon old heroes to help fight" gimmick from FEHeroes into the main game series, screw it I'll play the game without these summoned heroes (if possible) A Shit ton of farming simulators Zelda
Honestly felt a bit meh about this one. We only have Bayonetta and Pokemon coming out this year. Everything else they talked about was next year :/
I was hoping for Arlo explosion when THAT GAME was announced...so...it starts with a P..and there is a 4 in it... and it's not Persona 4 xD
Oh I guess Arlo has the Blue Flu
I’ve beeen waiting for this all day!!!!
You didn’t mention Pikmin 4!!!
Arlo has been sick so many days
I was most excited for the Mario Party announcements
Why couldn’t they just tell us if wind waker was coming to switch or not
The Japanese orientation of the Direct was probably due to Tokyo Game Show
0:19 Yep, certainly one of the Nintendo Directs of all time.
"some series, their anniversaries come and go" *forest of hope starts playing*
I have been refreshing Youtube all day, waiting for thiiiis video!!
My favorite part of the stream was seeing the chat go "Arlo must be going insane"
I woke up late and got TOTALLY SPOILED by nintendos list of trailers. and the direct was still streaming!!?? *sigh* yeah, but solid snake
Feel better, Arlo. We, unfortunately, have plenty of time to talk about...that game.
I personally thought it was funny that Miyamoto came out and went "Hey, Pikmin 4 is happening. You can make the camera more close to your character. Okay bye..."
Without edelgard, I’m not interested in FE. PIKMIN 4 is real!!
With gear, you can make your own fun and gather food.
Like a wise man once said… Kirby fans get everything, forever, ALWAYS!
I can’t wait for The Return of the Zelda the Return of the King Breath of the Wild : Tears of the Kingdom 2
The highlight for me was Story of Seasons: A Wonderful Life.  It was by far my favorite Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons game, and one of my favorite games of all time, but I thought for sure they'd never remake it, since they moved away from that style of Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons game a while ago.  But they're doing it, and I'm so excited.
the thumbnail and title feels a bit clickbaity but since you're gonna be talking about Pikmin 4 soon, I don't mind too much. solid video otherwise. looking forward to your thoughts on THAT announcement
Epic yarn was on Wii though
just give me the n64 games already! stop spacing them out dang it!
Pathetic showcase. Where was the theatrics? Why not celebrate all things nintendo? Why not rewards the fans with classics and new classics?
Arlo are you going to do Cameos again? My brothers birthday is coming up and I would like you to say hi to him :)
Arlo, just get Sparks of Hope second hand. Plenty of small businesses that would love that I would think.
I have zero interest in Pikmin, but I have a huge interest in hearing your joy about Pikmin 4. Your videos and commentary bring joy to a lot of us and hearing you happy makes me happy.
But Arlo... But solid snake
Pikmin 4 brittney
I can’t wait to see your Pikmin reaction, I’m ready for the screams :) Hope you’ll like the Kirby game!
THANK YOU FOR BRINGING UP THE UBISOFT ABUSE!!!! I remember when that was a news story for about a week, and was quickly swept under the rug by everyone. I haven't bought a Ubisoft game since, which sucks because I really want to play the Scott Pilgrim game! You and Steph Sterling are like the only people I still hear talking about it!
I see a new Arlo video and say aloud   "OK let's see what Arlo has to say"  I don't always agree, but I always like what I see.
If you really want a game but the company is scum just wait a day and buy it pre-owned then all the money goes to the store and the filthy toxic company don't get a penny
it's fucking nothing!
I want monster rancher 3
No comment on Pikmin 4 and how we now have proof it’s not a myth?
I wish that instead of hiding their legacy content behind a paywall for their crappy service theyd just let us buy the games. Like with the virtual console
We heard you like farming, so we put some more farming with your farming
The first thing I thought when I saw Pikmin 4 is “is arlo okay?”
😎🤙👍👍
I’m playing through pikmin 3 not for first time can’t wait for 4, never played one or two though
Oh man, he forgot to talk about his overalls.
I think we all agree... PIKMIN 4.
Wow.no mention on Pikmin 4. A game I thought he would super happy to talk about.
Gonna watch the vid in a little bit but... why are there spoilers in the thumbnail 🥲
every cell of arlos body was trying its darn hardest not to talk about Pikmin 4 in this video
I’m so happy that I wasn’t the only one who got so excited on arlos behalf when pikmin 4 was announced! I am not a morning person but I decided to bite the bullet in case we got a new Zelda trailer and I woke up so fast when pikmin came on.
In my opinion, this was a pretty underwhelming direct. Majority of what was revealed were farming RPGs and JRPGs. The main highlight of the direct in my opinion was the title reveal and release date for Tears of the Kingdom, though I do wish that they shown off more than just less than a minute.
TotK will definitely have a massive blowout on the jan/february direct or a big dedicated direct around that time unless they just really want to keep most of the game a complete secret.
I feel like around the 3rd farm sim I realized "hey there are kind of a lot of these today" and then by the 5th it was just funny. like, what is going on with all of them, I thought people agreed that we peaked with new horizons and Stardew valley
I swore that Fire Emblem seemed like a spinoff rather than a main series game. It looks so different from the regular style
Always love hearing your Direct thoughts, Arlo.  I feel like this is your best timeline. First Metroid Dread and now Pikmin 4.
I'm glad I'm an RPG fan, because we're eating well tonight.  I am puzzled about the amount of farming sims, but I got what I want so I'm happy.
So if a blue monster is sick and has a stuffy nose how does said blue monster blow his nose?
Man THAT game looks so good on THAT console by THAT developers. Hoo boy, and they showed you can do THAT In THAT game?! Wow, incredible!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I think it's fair to say that Stardew Valley is at least partially responsible for all the Farm RPGs (FarmPGs? Does that work?).
Nintendo forgot to put a farming game in this Direct.
Poor Donkey Kong... 40 years and still nothing.
Octopath traveler is exactly like paper mario before sticker star.  Just kidding, I have no idea.
Today, not only was there a Nintendo direct, but I got to meet Reggie in person! Literally the best possible day for me as a Nintendo fan
As someone who’s not a fire emblem fan or a pikmin fan there was literally nothing here. For Kirby they ported return to dream land before triple deluxe or planet robobot even though it’s inferior to those two. And for botw 2 they literally spent half the trailer just showing us pictures on a wall… PICTURES ON A WALL!!!
Pick fun for the island: bring another person as you fun choice.  They can bring food or gear
beautiful beautiful beautiful day for arlo and friends. immediately thought about you. love u arlo
I could hear Arlo's screams regardless of distance between us when Pikmin 4 was announced. Butternut Squash? Yes please!
I'm still convinced that it's pronounced tears of the kingdom as in (rip and tear) due to the fact that the kingdom is kind of scattered everywhere
PIKMIN 4!!!!!!!!!!! THERE IS A GOD AND IT IS MYAMOTO
I really liked all of the big announcements in this direct, but I completely agree there was so much filler
I remember my friend talking about Factorio and suggesting I play it, but I didn't have any steam money so having this on Switch is great. I think Tunic is pretty cool too.
I'm never believing insiders about what's going to be in a direct again. I know I say that but I know I'm going to hype myself up again. Still glad to see Pikmin 4 finally get revealed though and a release date/title for Zelda.
Personally, I'm not planning to support anything Ubisoft puts out for the foreseeable future.  If I play Sparks of Hope in the future, I'll be borrowing it or buying a used copy.  I am not comfortable with financially supporting Ubisoft.
I saw the pikmin and said “Arlo is freaking out right now”
*"The Return of the Zelda, Return of the King, Breath of the Wild: Tears of the Kingdom 2"* You know, no joke I like that title.
If there was an Arlo video i HAD to watch, it was this one. I'm happy for you! I can't wait for Pikmin 4 as well :')
Saw a lot of games the made me glad that I got a switch this year.
It’s Pikmin’in time
@Arlo the Activision/Blizzard stuff is mostly lies and intentional misinformation. The Ubisoft stuff is as well.
If you think about it, Pikmin is kind of a farming game too
Have no interest in Pikman, but knew Arlo would be almost as hyped he was for the Metroid Prime 4 announcement
I actually want to hear more about arlo’s perspective on Ubisoft as much as pikmin 4
Every direct without Metroid news is objectively a flop at this point.
About Mario+Rabbids, buy second-hand.
I’m really hoping they do a lot of promotional splatfests for splatoon 3 for example when the new Pokémon comes out they can do one about the new starters
I'm super happy about May for zelda.  Next semester should he my past semester of school (for a while).  I'll download that bad boy just before exams, and treat myself when it comes out.
To much jrpg stuff for me
Came to see how hard Arlo died.
10:05 does anyone know the name of the  song in the background here
Arlo: "......i'm not gonna talk about every game in the Direct.........."  Arlo: *talks*about*half*the*direct*  .......btw tell Oscar that he still owes me money. That "bee I live in a trash can" line worked the first 5 times, but it's time to pay the rent on Sesame Street. INFLATION DOESN'T KNOW MUPPET FROM FOE!!!
"DEPENDING ON THE ISLAND!!!"  Return to Dreamland is DEFINITELY one of the good Kirby games. Classic yet modern yet solid. It's a pretty meaty package. EXCELLENT music and it was decently challenging at parts.
I was a little scared for Arlo once I saw the logo, I was convinced he probably just exploded from excitement.
So they have had two segments, reveal, footage whatever you cali it, in a row without the borderline horror we saw in the original announcement, did they scrape that? these last two trailers are just about the sky
I'm glad fire emblem is going back to single units. The art style is greatly improved over three houses and I hope the dating sim/cooking/gardening padding is out
Arlo. Talk. About. The Carrot People.
With the Pikmin 4 announcement, I immediately thought of you Arlo, and Bromojumbo, two of the biggest Pikmin fanboys I know :D So happy for you guys, and can't wait to officially get my first Pikmin game!
Are you alive Arlo?
I half suspect that segment about pikmin bloom was just to troll everyone hoping for pikmin 4, and just when you start to think “oh man, they’re JUST talking about pikmin bloom”, THEN  they officially reveal it.  The trolls!
6:21 I take it you don't eat at McDonald's... because THEY have a history of abusing their workers. You don't buy at Walmart either, right? because THEY have a history too. The thing about it though, is that, if there was a general boycott of these companies, it's not as if that would solve the specific cases of abuse. What would happen is a lot of hard-working people would lose their jobs because sales are down. I agree with supporting abused workers on a case by case basis, it depends on if you have first-hand proof of the abuse or if it can be verified. But just going on blind isolated boycotts doesn't help anybody
Arlo was obviously traumatized at the thought that Miyamoto would tease him by NOT announcing a game after very obviously stalling for 2 minutes describing how a 2 year old mobile game worked.
Factorio is PHENOMENAL. Couldn't recommend it enough, and it'll almost certainly be just $30.
I agree about the tease thing… even another 30 seconds more than that of gameplay, EVEN 15 would have been cool but it’s been sooo sooo long waiting I just want to see that game in its glory. Or just play it
Might be my favorite Arlo vid ever. I need more sick Arlo. I laughed so hard at the silence during the Miyamoto part
I never got into Fire Emblem,, though I gotta ask, why buy the games when you could play Heroes? Doesn't that game have every FB character and its free? 6:19 Hey, that's why (for the most part) I haven't been buying from Ubisoft!
Your "reaction" to that one thing got an audible laugh out of me.
I don't think anyone even cares what the name of botw2 was.
I was so hoping for a live react from Arlo on the reveal of THAT GAME
I did not like this direct, from the abundance of rpgs and sim games, to the frustrating RE engine cloud games (I know those games can run native on the switch, alien isolation and doom eternal prove that BIG AAA GAMES CAN RUN WELL on the switch!), this direct was a disappointment.
About kirby  I really want air ride to make a comeback
Better to have short teasers than "ALL THE SPOILERS IN OUR TRAILER!" like movies do!
I'm just glad someone actually likes this direct tbh...
PIKMIN AND KIRBYYYYYYYY. LET'S GOOOOOOOO. More Kirby is amazing but we finally got pikmin 4 in an official announcement. I am PUMPED.
Please give Fatal Frame a shot. Mask of the Lunar Eclipse is like 99% standalone experience. The only pre-existing lore is the camera combat system. You can play it before the first three games and not miss a thing. It's actually a great entry point for the series now that it will be released globally on all current/next gen hardware.
There were some good announcements  But the overall direct was meh lol
When I saw Pikmin 4 announced, I thought to myself “Oh Arlo is gonna LOVE this”.
Your always sick, dw about the voice im used to it at this point. Serisly though, are you ok? You seem to get sick a lot, hope your well
I'm just so happy for Arlo rn
RETURN OF THE KING
I was expecting arlo to just upload a video of him screaming of joy 😂
I’ve been waiting all day for this video :) edit: And Arlo being completely speechless was 100% the perfect reaction :)
The irony of Arlo complaining about being teased, when we were all here hoping to get his reaction video for... _that_ game. 😆Love ya, Arlo! 🧡 EDIT: * Sees pinned comment *  No worries, mate! I'm here for it, when you're ready.
Why is octopath travelers 2 up there?
Based on all the farming sins I can’t wait for link to buy a farm in hateno
PIKMIN FOUR!!!!
OMG I’m so glad your ok. I thought you died when watching the direct. I was so worried about you.
Bwahaha
Been waiting to hear from you all day Arlo!
YOURE ALIVE?
Still no F-zero…
This is the direct reaction I was excited for the most. Congrats on finally getting your dream game Arlo!!
been waiting all day for you
im sick, you're sick, we all sick for sick sick, my throat hurts.
I came here for Arlo to scream about pickman 4
🧡
you dont know how much i would pay to see his initial live reaction to *the game*
Awww he knows what we're waiting for
Awww, I've been waiting all day hoping that Arlo had done a live reaction of the whole Direct so that we could watch the live reaction in all its glory :( .. Alas, I understand you were sick and hope you recover soon!
Let the people directly involved with the problems deal with the problems. It's not your job to "support" or "not support" companies. If you go down that road you're gonna have to stop making YT videos given their authoritarian censorship against anyone that doesn't drink the kool-aid of their radical ideology. If you're not prepared to boycott EVERY company, don't kid yourself with a pat on the back skipping Ubisoft games. You don't get credit for supporting 200 immoral companies and boycotting 1. You're either all in or all out.
I thought it was a pretty good direct. There wasn't a huge amount of variety, lots of RPGs and, oddly, Farming games... But there were a LOT of games announced and for someone who only has a Switch (like me), a lot of these games that have already released coming over, even as a cloud game, would be HUGE.  Granted, I don't have the time to play these games anyway so most of them just got a "Oh! Neat!" out of me.
"With gear one can have food and with food one can have fun." - A wise man
the pikmin 4, the pikmin 4 is reallll
Arlo: I don't like teases   *teases pikmin discussion*
Anyone else notice how many fucking farming simulators there were 💀
Dang no wind waker
I used to be super jealous of Kirby and Metroid getting their dream games, but now I have nothing to be jealous about anymore
Was so expecting your reaction for Pikmin as soon as it was announced. Disappointed you skipped over it but understandable
kirby's dream land is a super nintendo game
OH WAIT THERE IS A REACTION YAY
Factorio is an AMAZING game that is definitely get on switch if I didn’t already have it on steam
I thought it was an alright direct (same goes for State of Play).  If a certain Nintendo YouTuber sees this… he’ll go like…           TheBitBlock/JT Style: NOOOOOO!!! You’re not suppose to like it Arlo!!! You’re a fanboy  defending JRPGs and Japanese made stuff!!! This direct was poopy and eeewwwww!!!! #MakeNintendoGreatAgain!
"So Miyamoto comes on....later..." yeah, good idea Arlo.
I’m sorry, but I find it HILARIOUS that they probably didn’t livestream this in the UK because of the name of the new Zelda game
I was so happy after the Direct today. Zelda, Fire Emblem and that other game* are probably 3 of my 4, or 5, favorite Nintendo franchises so I was in a really good place. I enjoyed Octopath Traveler so I'll be able to pick up 2 next year when there's a down period next year. Everything else was just fluff but I finally had a direct where all the "big" announcement were games I was interested in so it was great!
damn I was so excited for a raw pikmin reaction :(
ITT: Everyone loves Arlo ♥️   Hope you feel the love, buddy.
To be fair if you wouldn't use anything from a bad company you basically wouldn't be able to buy/use most of the things, including YouTube 🙄
I have a feeling that Pikmin 5 is coming out in 2033.
IT SUCKED...THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED!!!!
When asked why one does not desire to purchase ubisoft games, simply point the  curious to Jim Sterling's channel. They have plenty of material explaining.
So "almost" done for Nintendo is over half a decade? In reference to Pikman 4.
I feel that there were not enough farming games in the direct.
can't wait for his video on Pikmin 4   side note, will there be another Arlo Cast episode? I know there was a time when Arlo couldn't make any, I just thought there would be more episodes by now.
What a tease! Im done with teases, Arlo!
I ALSO thought the weird little Metroid thing in the corner was relevant lmao
i’m so insanely excited for totk it’s actually crazy
I’m mostly excited for wonderful life remake. Harvest moon wonderful life on GameCube got me to fall in love with video games. I can’t wait to revisit  it
No thoughts on Bayonetta 3? 0.0
There was a direct today? Lmfao 😂
I’m sad no _Wind Waker_ or _Twilight Princess HD_ Switch ports :(
So, we're not going to talk about the Fist of the North Star workout game?
Rabbids Sparks of Hope, is only game I'm getting from Ubisoft, anything else afterwards is nah midsauce. I prefer Assassin's Creed and other to die, so we can get better games in the future, I think that's a fair sting against Ubisoft. Heck Cursa looks like the Ubisoft symbol so maybe the devs are telling us something? 🤷‍♂
8:56 is what you came here for.
Legends say that Arlo started playing Factorio and was never heard from again
the second Pikmin was announced I cheered for you <3
Well, I've long wondered what creature Arlo is and I now know, Arlo is a troll. :)
I am possibly more excited to hear arlos raw reaction to THAT game than I am for it’s release.
Yeah I wasn’t impressed with this direct, but I was very excited to see Arlo’s reaction to Pikmin 4.  Really happy for you :).  It’s always exciting to get that game you’ve been wanting for years finally get announced.
“So Miyamoto comes on… we’ll talk about it later.” I loved how Arlo sounds like a disappointed father whenever he talks about Miyamoto. 😂
It was the worst showcase Nintendo have ever held.
My guess that the fan service-y direction of FE Engage is due to the fact that FE Heroes made almost a Billion dollars.
I think everyone thought Goldeneye 007 was metroid
that intro had me laughing 🤣hope you feel better soon
I can't recommend Factorio enough honestly. I've put a couple hundred hours into it and I keep coming back to try and get all the upgrades. I'm worried about how the controls will work on Switch but I'll definitely try it out on release.
God I hate american dating systems I thought it said zelda was next year December
Still no Metroid prime 4 god dammit!!
If you don’t want to support Ubisoft, wait a bit and buy it used.
Still no Metroid prime 4 god dammit!!
I’m so damn hyped for Octopath 2… and yes I stand by Octopath Traveller being a great title. Triangle Strategy should have had some workshopping though.  Also, I am planning on maybe checking out Mario and Rabbids, but like… you definitely are saying what’s been weighing on my mind, and my choices may change based on how many Steph Sterling vids I watch in the next few months.
You really have a point with all of the Zelda teases. If the game were announced closer to release I'd be more welcome to them dropping the full details of the game when they're ready, but not when we've already known about the game for over 3 years. At that point, just let the people know what you're making, because the lack of information I feel has sparked more worry from fans and indifference from the general gaming landscape. It's been three years since this game has been announced and it still looks barely above a DLC pack. That doesn't exactly inspire people to keep the hype train rolling after such a long wait between games, does it? Hell, we finally got a title, and it means just about as much to us as it would've if they'd told us with the initial reveal.
FACTORIO IS SO GOOD YEAAAAA BUUDDDYY
I'm happy that a lot of people got some long deserved announcements. As a fan of wind waker though, I feel extremely stupid I allowed myself to hope this game would finally have a chance to break out and be discovered by a bunch of new people.  As for me though, I'm going to just play on Dolphin. I don't feel an obligation any more to wait to play Twilight Princess for the first time, or put off playing Wind Waker, my fa game.
My squeaks of surprise.
Man! I must've zoned out when Miyamoto started talking.. I wonder what game he was revealing. Probably nothing too important...
WHERE IS DA PIKMIN
Ohhhhhhhhh, THAT'S probably why Nintendo were a bit funny about this Direct in the UK not wanting to livestream it claiming the Queen's death as a reason. 'Tears of the Kingdom' Huh...
Terrible Direct. I was gutted by the lack of Zelda/Metroid remasters, DK64, or anything GameCube or GBA related. Nintendo never fails to just completely disappoint me by filling these Directs with useless shit no one cares about.
Oh by the way I bet you’d love Octopath! The combat is my favorite turn based combat ever, probably right above Bug Fables. Also the Chapter system somewhat resembles Paper Mario.
6:42 Arlo you realize Nintendo is going through something similar right?
aw i wanted to see your live reaction
Totk won't launch till holiday 23 just sayin
Did you have to leave in all of the sighs and silences? For me it really dragged the video down. I'm sorry you're sick, and I hope you feel better soon.
Surprised arlo didn't die of hype after pikmin 4 and botw2 news haha
why do you want a full reveal for botw2 though? didn't you say abt the first botw that you didn't want anything revealed beforehand, wanted to go in as blind as possible? if they don't give us much more than this i'd be fine tbh
why does it seem like so many of the big nintendo youtuber don't really like the more jrpg, weeby side of nintendo. seems like it's mostly rogersbase who's properly into them.
Pumped for Pikmin, but the rest did nothing for me. Even Zelda, you’re spot on about the tease losing its novelty. Overall I was disappointed.
Nothing on Pikmin 4, after all.thlse years of begging for information and a release date?
Go team gear!
The farming sims are kind of the meme of the direct, but WOW I did not expect A Wonderful Life and I am absolutely getting that Day 1. One of my fav games all time, though I don't even play a lot of farming sims (no other harvest moon game, I liked stardew but I probably put more hours in AWL). Really really excited.
My stupid ass really thought that after skipping e3, this direct would've een THE DIRECT. Like having a new mario, prime 4, zelda full reveal, some New game, mario kart full wave, pikmin 4( which thang god we got blessed with that one).  But instead the direct was too meh..
I bet ur happy for Pikmin 4
Where the heck are the game cube games? We were supposed to eat well.
I love love love farming sims, tactical/turn based RPGs, Fire Emblem, and Pikmin so this was actually a fantastic direct for me!
I have to ask, how much of your life do you have to have put together to commit enough of it to all these farming sims?
So I know it was barely touched on here, but I have to talk about Factorio for a second. It's been out for years on PC and is basically the best factory builder of all time. It reached top rated on steam for several years during early access and stayed in the top 10 through the full release. Arlo touched on it being one of those games that once it hooks you, you spend 9000 hours on it and that is 100% accurate. Within the community, we call it "Cracktorio" for a reason.  I would say that this was a huge surprise that it's coming to switch though. Not because it's a obscure game or anything, but because I just don't see how it'll work on any console. It is a PC game through and through, it'd be like trying to port Starcraft II and expecting it to work exactly the same. I guess I'll have to see, but I'd recommend getting it on Steam instead at this point (it runs on potatoes too if that's an issue).
ive never even heard someone have this powerful of an emotional reaction to a game before.
6:40 You could get it used, like that Ubisoft doesnt get the money, and you get the game
When I saw Pikmin Bloom, I felt so bad for you, but when I saw Pikmin 4? So happy for you and all the other fans!
I am totally with you on the teases just being annoying at this point, with both THAT game, and Zelda 2 I was like HECK YES THIS IS IT THIS IS THE DIRECT WE’VE BEEN wait… that’s it? That’s all they’re going to show us?!?!?!?! NINTENDO HAVE YOU NO HEART?!?!? How could they do this to us?!?!!!!!!!!!
ARLO PIKMIN
Atwlier Ryza 3 was hype for me.
In the words of Count Dooku “I’ve been looking forward to this.”
Wait wait wait... Arlo... lemme get this straight. The WHOOOOLE Nintendo community has been desperate to get your Pikmin 4 reaction for years. YEARS. You even mention how you're sick of the BOTW2 teases. And yet, you TEASE US?!! I don't know whether to be mad or in awe. Both. Awegry. I'm in awegry of you. You loveable genius.
ARLO TAKE SO LONG
I am also sick at the moment Arlo 🤧
Thank you Arlo for being someone who actually talked, even if briefly, about the dirt Ubisoft has been quietly trying to sweep up. It’s why I have no interest in Mario+Rabbids either aside from it being a game that wouldn’t suit my personal tastes, and it needed to be pointed out in general
It's here. After all these years of waiting and longing. Arlo finally had his day. Congratulations. We're all so happy for you!
Ubisoft abuse? What like the Ellen show kinda stuff? If they have a legal claim, shouldn't that be handled without severing creative effort?
A couple of good things...amongst a massive overwhelming river of MEHHHH!!!!
If only Fire Emblem could design a logo like Zelda and Xenoblade. (“Engage” is in basic Arial while Xenoblade makes italics Helvetica look cool)
The characters in Octopath 1 did interact in FE style support convos but that was it.
Wow Mario & Kirby anniversary got love what the hell happened to zeldas anniversary
Why must Nintendo makes us wait so long for the n64 games! Wish it was 2023 already
Overall this direct was pretty lackluster for me personally. Maybe the happiest I was was for Arlo when they announced Pikmin 4. But I guess we’re gonna have to wait a bit longer for his reaction…
Can’t believe they already revealed  the first new character for the next Smash game!   (referring to red/blue Fire Emblem protagonist)
Aw man. Sorry you felt like shit when "that game" got announced. Hope you're better soon.
I saw the name for THAT game and immediately heard "OOH OOGAHOO ITS-ITS HER-AHHHH-YEEES-" from a little blue monster in my head.
If I didn't know any better you some numb with excitement. Like you're in such a state of shock that you don't know what to feel.
I’m glad someone else pointed out the pacing. I love jrpgs so that didn’t bother me but…yeah the pacing was awful
Arlo to his entire audience: Congratulations you played yourselves
Glad to know someone else feels the way I do about Sparks of Hope 😬
It must have been PAINFULLY difficult for you to not talk about "that game". I personally exploded
Out of ALL the games they could've put on 3DS, Kirby's Epic Yarn was just about the worst game they could've ported to that console.  Not because the game is bad, but because the game is 2D, and it *highly* relies on its textures.  The 3DS's whole thing was to make *3D* games more immersive *at the cost* of display resolution... So this game takes none of the upsides and all of the downsides.
This is not a Nintendo thing but the best announcement from today for me was Like A Dragon Ishin, it is finally getting localised (from the Direct though, Bayonetta 3, Pikmin 4, Theatrhythm and GoldenEye were the best announcements)
PIKMIN 4444444444444444444444433333333434444444444444
Left us on a cliffhanger out blue fuzz YouTuber
Literally thought about you when Pikmin 4 came up. I haven’t even played any game from the series but I’m just happy because I know people will be happy.
That A+ level trolling by Miyamoto was amazing.
I can get cloud games when that's the only way they'll run on Switch. Kingdom Hearts 1 definitely did not need that, though.
When they announced Pikmin 4, I gripped my girlfriend and yelled ARLO IS GONNA HAVE A FIELD DAY WITH THIS. I cannot wait to hear your thoughts!!
Arlo stop edging us. You know what we're here for.
Pilotwings 64, great direct
Arlo, just buy Mario + Rabbids SoH from another person a few days after release and you don't support ubisoft ;)
Ah yes the fall sickness, I have that too get well soon 😁
You obviously choose gear. With gear you can gather or hunt food within a few days on most islands, and you can make your own fun.
Arlo: “I’m sick of these teases I’m done with them!!!!”  Also Arlo: *when Pikmin 4 was announced* “….later…”
You happy now?
I knew as soon as THAT game was shown off I  would be happy knowing how excited you'd be. I also love that we don't need to call it Breath of the Wild 2 anymore!
Tears of the kingdom lands on my birthday
You were the 1st and ONLY person I thought about because of this Direct. You and everyone else knows exactly why.
I mean this in the friendliest way possible, but I can't wait to hear your screams.
When I saw pikmin 4 the first thing I thought was just: "ARLO'S DEFINITELY GONNA BE EXCITED ABOUT THIS ONE"
The one time he didn’t live react
I feel like this direct would of been really good if there was just one more big announcement.  Like BOTW happening earlier, and like Mario Oddysey 2 being announced last
Will we be getting the full direct reaction? Please?
Aww. I was expecting the big Arlo screams for Pikmin 4 for this video.. but I can’t wait until you talk about it and possibly see the reaction..
I actually still have my Wii U copy of Kirby's Return to Dreamland. It was a pretty fun game, wouldn't put it up with the best Kirby's ever but still a solid play.
As soon as I saw the announcement for THAT game, I was just waiting for this blue monster's reaction to it.
Nintendo (Remastered) Ditect was awful garbage 🤮
The slow roll lmao
They probably reveal N64 games in advance because the Expansion costs extra and they wanna entice people.
The moment they announced pikmin 4 I worried you'd gone into cardiac arrest, lol.
ARLO
Whenever I see Metroid or PIKMIN I think ARLO
realizing Arlo isn’t talking about Pikmin 4: My disappointment, is immeasurable, and my day is ruined
Lol how in the world did Arlo go this entire video without saying “Pikmin” once?
Here at 9,117 views.
Never thought Goldeneye would ever get rereleased because the rights to James Bond are a big mess
Also, have they announced when Advanced Wars is coming out? I really want that game to finally come out!
I can't believe Arlo blue-balled us after he literally went trending on Twitter with people freaking out about Pikmin 4
Thought of you when they announced Pikmin 4!!!
So being that The BOTW sequel is going to be called Tears of the Kingdom, and not simply BOTW2, are we to believe that there will be something that makes the game feel completely different like Ocarina of Time and Majora’s Mask? That’s my biggest question now after today’s Direct.
I was bored every time a farming game popped up. Way too many for just 1 direct.   Love all the RPGS that are coming out though. Hyped for those.
yeeeeep
You NEED to play TUNIC is as high of quality and resolution as possible. I played it on my PC (RTX 3080) and it was absolutely gorgeous!  One of my favorite games of the year, by far!!
Waited all day for this lol This is Arlo's direct 😄
Pikmin 5 when?
AHHHH PIKMIN 4 I DONT LIKE PIKMIN I ACTUALLY IMMENSLY HATE IT BUT IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU ARLO
“So fun, so much stuff for the anniversary they just love Kirby” *Pikmin music starts playing*
Pikmin’s finally back
I immediately thought of Arlo when I saw Pikmin 4. I can’t wait for his reaction
We might get pikman 4 before Metroid prime 4
He didn’t say the two words… I’m not sure what to make of that…
PIKMIN FRJEJSJJAJSHDHDJIUBY GOUR LES GOOOOOOO
Man, I wish I liked tactical RPGs because Fire Emblem just keeps looking cooler with each new game. I just don't care for that gameplay. Though the ToS remake seems like the perfect place to start for the Tales series. I've never played a Tales game but I hear that Symphonia is generally considered one of the best ones so I'm hype for that.
I saw “Pikmin 4” in my notifications after missing the direct and my brain went “Oh my god, Arlo exploded. Oh no.”
As soon as I saw pikmin 4, I smiled because I knew that Arlo would lose his mind. It was a mid direct though
I would bring gear. Regardless of the island, its an island. Gear would allow me to catch fish, cook them, and collect water to drink. You may have to rush to get food, as you dont have an initial source, but you dont have to worry about not obtaining viable gear. I understand if people pick food, but if you pick fun, your just wrong. Have fun playing chess while starving and getting sunburnt.
When I saw Pikmin 4, I said "oh great, ANOTHER farming game"
I sure am glad they explained the new Pikmin Bloom mobile game- we definitely needed that.
Zelda ready for may is not long at all considering the marketing explosion that will happen throughout the next few months will be really exciting
My first thought when I saw pikmin 4 is that Arlo must of had a heart attack from joy.
bro cmon, i waited all day to see your reaction to pikmin 4. Disliked. Do better 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Arlo is mad that Pikmin 4 was announced shortly after the release of Pikmin 3 Deluxe.
For the splatfest, think of it like this Without Gear,  you'll be able to survive, but you won't have the greatest shelter or the best chance at improving your situation for the duration you're there. Without Grub, you're stuck eating the fish and the berries that are there and hunting food for yourself, rather than having a stockpile of your favorite snacks and meats to get you through. Without Fun, you're not going to be doing anything other than fishing and relaxing outside of making sure your basic needs are met.  The island isn't a life or death situation, I reckon, you'll survive no matter what and its not indefinite.
Super disappointing direct for me besides Zelda. And even then, they should have done more than a ten second trailer. Aaaaand it’s coming later than expected. It says a lot about a direct when a Nintendo 64 game is the biggest win for a lot of people. And yeah, release the nso games faster, much faster. I think Nintendo is taking for granted the fact that the switch is so popular, it might not always be. Maybe get these games out while the switch is still relevant, maybe help keep it relevant. It’s an amazing system but other handhelds are catching up, some might say surpassing. Give us a place to play the games we want…or I’ll play them elsewhere. They can be so tone deaf.
I love how we all immediately thought after seeing the Pikmin 4 trailer was, “Interesting, but what does the muppet man think?”
Arlo is so intertwined with Nintendo for me now that when I see certain announcements I think "man, Arlo is gonna love this"
I knew that Arlo was going to go bonkers over Pikmin Bloom.  I totally understand why he wouldn't want to get too in depth right away.
Truly, it was the direct of all time
Oh, thank god -- Arlo FINALLY posted his Direct reaction! Seriously, since I saw the Pikmin 4 reveal, I've been anticipating this video WAAAAY more than I was for the actual Direct!
Arlo is blueballing us with a Pikman reaction >:(
I've been teased so much about BOTW2 that this tease was just an apathetic "oh...there it is..."
i didnt like the direct that much but my GOD that TOFK trailer was so gooood
Wait he didn't talk about
Is it a farming game?
I saw it and thought "Yeah, Arlo probably woke the dead up with his screaming again..."
deserted Island debate with gear you can get food and make your own fun things in future also my answer for the one item question has always been a boat cause screw living on an island d
We want your reaction
YOOOOOO ARLO FINALLY PIKMIN 4!!!!!
You Forgot to make a video where you predict Pikmin 4.
1 thousandth like
That fire emblem game looks like a shitty mobile game
If you dont want to buy the new Mario + Rabbids, consider checking it out from your local library. Ubisoft sells one less copy and the library gets more foot traffic. a true win-win: )
I'm guessing this was not an "okayest" direct?
My immediate thought was how excited you were hearing about Pikmin 4
Ah yes, the Farming Direct!
OTHER. GAMES. !!!
yknow technically Pikmin 4 is a farming game
Perfect title
PIKMIN 4 BABYYY
Ahhhh I wanna see ARLO’S reactionnnnnnnn >>
Bayonetta also got a promotion to another place that would give a more detailed look at the gameplay, but yeah there's a touch to many farming games.
Finally the pikmin has come back, home! AHHHHHHHHGGGG!
i was waiting before the stream with friends and was complaining about how their last tease is going to be ruined by fire emblem for the 100th time, but i was proven wrong and they did their crap in the start instead. im super happy fire emblem fans are being treated well, but a third of the roster in smash was fire emblem characters and every direct that comes to mind in recent history had fire emblem stuff and its driving me insane
The main blue man I wanted to hear his opinion about the direct the most
Arlo you should play octopath it is so fun! The beasts you fight are so cool and the art style looks amazing. Challenging as well!
When Pikmin 4 was announced, I thought “a certain blue creature I follow is gonna love this.”
We’ve been waiting for nearly 10 years!!!! FINALLY
So happy for you Arlo!!!
Cool
The best part of a nintendo direct is seeing arlos videos, hope you get good soon arlo.
I'm calling it now. After Factorio comes out, we will wait 1.4 months for an Arlo video, and then get "I CAN'T STOP PLAYING FACTORIO! THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER" after Arlo is like 200 hours in
We all thought of Arlo when we saw that announcement.
Pikmin 4 kept us waiting for 9 years, what’s a few more hours without an Arlo reaction?      Everything
I can’t stay up any longer arlo  Your ready holding off talking about Pikmin!!!
the jrpg/farm sim direct including some incredible first part releases
YASSS GOLDENEYE 007
Arlooooo been waiting to scream for joy with u over PIKMN 4!!!!
Five farming games and six in Japan. Why????
The fact that the one time Arlo didn’t show his reactions to a direct Pikmin 4 showed up.
Just creating perspective here, but why are we not okay with abuse in companies like Ubisoft and there is a big uproar but we buy Chinese goods we know had components of basically slave/child labor but that's fine. Maybe we need to get our priorities in order as a society.
Pikmin 4 baby
This feels like Arlo post running a marathon. So tired it’s almost like those other games are pretty good.
Arlo tomorrow: Why Pikmin 4 HURTS ME (for being another teaser trailer)
get sparks of hope used, duh.
Arlo, you forgot about Pikmin 4
Can’t wait for the next smash game to add another fire emblem protagonist
The Fire Emblem game is called Engage and uses rings to summon previous characters. I'm gonna play it, but I'm kind of worried that it's going to lean into the husbando/waifu thing even more heavily than it typically does.
The only reaction that matters
You don't know how long I was waiting for this video
I WISH THERE WAS A LOVE REACTION I WANTED TO HEAR IT SO BAD
When they revealed pikmin 4 , you could have swore a blue muppet squealed absolute rainbows 🌈…
Man, I have waited 11 hours for this! And more to come? Excellent!
I’m so happy for you Arlo you were genuinely the first thing I thought of when I was watching
People thought Arlo blacked out from Pikmin 4 but he actually blacked out trying to comprehend the Splatfest
Pikmin 4
Hello Arlo! I’m so happy pikmin 4 is finally revealed! It’s the game I’ve been waiting since 2017, the first time I played pikmin 3
Pikmin 4 was definitely the highlight of the direct for me. I need to get back to 3. Now we just need 1 and 2 on Switch and we'll be golden.
I'm just glad were getting a new main line fire emblem game finally. Even if the main character is a walking pepsi advertisment
He is probably going to do a 7 hour long Analysis of the trailer
They trolled us with the Pikmin Bloom info only to finally reveal Pikmin 4.
Buy sparks of hope second-hand a few months after launch. Buying games second-hand is, like, the only way to buy games.
I waited the whole day for this
When I saw Pikmin 4 my immediate thought was “Arlo’s probably off exploding somewhere”
I glad to hear Arlo alking about how bad Ubisoft is.  More and more of my faves are speaking up, and I like that its becoming normalised to call out shitty behaviour
Sorry for the tease, but I'm not quite ready to talk about THAT GAME yet. More discussions and reactions coming within the next day.
Hey Arlo, Pikmin 4 huh
Farming games
Arlo was trending today for longer than Pikmin was
Arlo is contractually required to play all Kirby games now
watching this video i realized that tunic is made by finji, which made my absolute favorite game of all time (chicory a colorful tale).  i might look into it now, thanks, i got nothing out of my initial viewing!
He’s pretending like 4 wasn’t there.
You owe us $1000 Arlo
As soon as I saw Pikmin I instantly thought, "Arlo's gonna have a fit lmao"
Splatoon fans psychoanalyzing themselves over a splat fest.
Came for the Pikmin 4
am I dreaming? Am I going insane, or is the Pikmin franchise, the franchise that many grew up with, GETTING A 4TH GAME AFTER NEARLY A DECADE? Thank you Nintendo, you better NOT MESS this up
PSA: *DO NOT SUPPORT FACTORIO!!!* The lead Dev is a rather awful person. I won't go into detail here, but if you look up Factorio Dev, you should be able to find it.
I was waiting for this. I didn't watch the direct itself, but I did see all the trailers drop, and when I saw Pikmin 4, I knew there was going to be a great video today.
So you're not going to talk about what MIA Moto revealed how crazy did you actually go
_PIKMIN 4. THE PIKMIN 4 IS REAL_  Anyways, I'm happy for ya! The meme is no longer a dream! ... And I'm not talking about Toothpaste-chan/kun from Fire Emblem. ಡ⁠ ͜⁠ ⁠ʖ⁠ ⁠ಡ  But despite how split the community is about the direct, I FREAKED OUT when I saw Goldeneye 007 on NSO, Tales of Symphonia remaster, and freakin' Kirby Return to Dreamland Deluxe!? Kirby's getting the good shit lately. Lmao.
This was 🗑️  You guys are hyping this Nintendo direct that was filled with anime and farming games. This is actually laughable that some people defend and act like this was a good direct.   What happened to the 2014-2018 Nintendo days when directs would usually slap, HARD. Now we have fans who act like this was somehow amazing.  I don't know what's up with these Nintendo fans, but this is actually weird
when watching, I was like "Well, can't wait to see how arlo reacts. probably some good screams of joy once he sees another pikmin game."
I’m surprised it wasn’t Pikmin 3 Deluxe 2
It took so long for Arlo to react, I thought he actually died XD
I was waiting for the video lmfaooo
7.8 out of 10 too many RPGs and farm games
Been refreshing Arlo's page since this morning.
Hoo Boy Alro had to drop everything for this didnt he?
Ever since it happened I've been watching my phone waiting for the notification of this Arlo video. PIKMIN DUDE!!!   I've seen some people being pretty meh about this Direct but tbh I'm so hype, there were so many good reveals and/or info about games we knew about that I'm excited for.
He… doesn’t even address pikmin 4.
I've been waiting for your reaction since I saw Miyamoto trolled you first 😀
When I heard about this Direct back around 6PM, I immediately thought, "I want to know Arlo's reaction to this." I was constantly checking my YouTube inbox for the last hour or so.
The first thing I thought about was you Arlo. I couldn't wait to see your reaction on the news.
drunk arlo lmao
Get well soon, Arlo!
I just can't believe that Pikmin 4 is actually real 😄
As soon as I saw _Pikmin 4,_ I knew Arlo would have something to say about this.
I've been waiting for this since I saw the direct this morning!
I was hoping to see your thoughts on Pikmin 4 when it got revealed.
All I think of with pikmin and Metroid is you
pikmin 4 solos
Watching later, just here to say I'm so happy for Arlo
THE PROPHISED DAY HAS ARRIVED
Pikmim was the best farming game, hands down.
Overall the direct imo was pretty bad basically a farming simulator and jrpg direct and I'm a fan of jrpgs but too much of a good thing is real
I'm very sorry you're sick :( We missed out on your live reaction!
Never clicked something so fast
Been waiting for a video from you all day <3
Awww I wanna see your disappointment when Miyamoto showed the mobile game, then excitement with the reveal 🤣🤣
The Moment I saw the Pikmin 4 Logo, I could freaking sense your joy like a disturbance in the Force.
YESSS IM 68th
I thought of Arlo immediately. Super happy.
The minute I saw pickman Bloom I knew where this was going and I just knew  Arlo was going to have A-blast And I love how everyone knew also.🤣😂
Wheres the reaction?
Oh your sick… I’m so sorry man😞
Nintendo broke the internet today!      (And raised my stock value by 15 points. 😉)
Watching this direct, my mind was just going:"ah yea arlos going to love this one."
Pikmin 4 was the highlight… and I don’t even play Pikmin.
I’m so happy that Pikmin 4 is coming out for your sake 😂  You’ve been talking about it for so long
I exploded with excitement when they announced Pikmin 4. Not because I love the games or anything, I just knew I would get to hear your glorious reaction
the direct started as i was going to bed (yay timezones), but i didn’t bother watching bc “eh, i reckon arlo will make a video on it. i’ll just watch that” ^_^’
I NEED YOUR REACTION ARLO!!
50th
The wait is nearly over!
Did arlo go full cookie monster when pikmin 4 was finally confirmed
Alto, I INSTANTLY thought of you when the Pikman 4 logo came on the screen. ;)
No, joke. Just looked for this maybe 5 minutes ago, and then you post it. Thought of you immediately during the direct.
it sucked!
We've been waiting for this video all day! Congrats king
I knew you were going to be so excited, lol.
I've been waiting for this all day, ever since Pikmin 4 was revealed. It's like when Metroid Prime 4 was revealed and all I could think of was your reaction (which was glorious).
The most impatient wait i have had all day was for Arlo's reaction to this. I think everyone could hear him screaming when this was announced.
The most anticipated video of 2022....  Finally Arlo... glad it's finally off your back
Yes!!!
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL DAY!!! LOVE YOU ARLO
I was wondering when I would get hear arlo freak out about Pikmen 4
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS
WHERE'S THE REACTION THO?????
Been waiting for this!! So happy for arlo when I saw pikmin 4 pop up
I knew for the moment pikmin 4 was revealed Arlo ascended to a new plane
I have been so curious all day to watch this
Yep
Picmin 4
I like how RogersBase was like “Oh Arlo’s going crazy” when Pikmin 4 was confirmed.
2nd
Well you nailed all my highlights right in the thumbnail!
THE DAY IF RECKONING HAS COME!!!
👋hello
Been waiting all day for this
Good evening Arlo
Ok. Pikman 4 reaction. Where is it.
The memes are over it happened
Been waiting for this since it was announced
I was just wondering when you would react
Was looking forward to this all day :)! Excited to check out Pikmin 4!!!!
I’m so happy.
I thought of you when I saw the Pikmin 4
If only there was a live reaction to Pikmin 4 😂
Lol
How big was the scream when Pikmin 4 was announced?
Been waiting all day for this
sixth
PIKMIN 4 IS REAL
You won.
Pikmin 4ever!
Cool
Congradulations!
No Donkey Kong... no nothin...
PIKMIN 4!!!
Lol been waiting for this video all day
Mid direct ngl
Here we gooo
Woah i was early
Let’s go new Arlo
Faster than a lonely pikmin
sad
first
