All aboard the Honkai: Star Rail! Download here: https://hoyo.link/1bRmCSAd
turning on AVGN and the first thing i hear is "from the creators of genshin impact" I just went "what the fuck"
6:45 YOOOOO no shot they got the hopping Chinese vampires! lol
Gallagher for the regular Nintendo
Ufouria. It's a Sunsoft title that I feel is overshadowed by their Batman games, Blaster Master and Journey to Silius etc. It's never referenced, even in reviews of the more well known Sunsoft titles.  Sunsoft made some insanely gorgeous NES games, both in terms of looks and sounds, and Ufouria is exactly that. Gorgeous. And it has some of the more unique gameplay mechanics on the system in a semi-open world side scroller adventure game style, which has a lot of mystery and variations. While a speed runner can finish it somewhat quickly, because they know exactly what to do, a regular first time player playing it blind can spend weeks, in a good way!  Apparently they made a sequel to Ufouria just last year. Never knew until now. That blows my mind and I'll have to check it out. 👌
My addition to this list would be magic of sherezade.  Nice blend of zelda and final fantasy.  Really unique game and story.  Also the only game that understands it passwords are difficult. And if you cant get it right, the game offers to help and thats amazing.
I completely forgot about Duck Tales 2! Whoa! My favorite underrepresented game is Solar Jetman...
hey are you the Angry Video Game Nerd?  you look kinda familiar, only older lol
He mentioned rygar,so I'd add faxandu and rushin attack
James, please stop saying Roo.
What about Adventure of Dino Riki?
Ahk Shadow of the Ninja <3. You hit the nail on the head, just left out the badass music! An obscure game I dont recall anyone ever talking about was Mig29, it was a lot of fun though its just a basic arcade airshooter with a couple different game modes (blows the socks off top gun though). Rescue Rangers was a pretty good game, doesnt get enough praise
bro looks good in denim.
Crystalis, astynax,Legacy of the wizard,Star Tropics, Princess tomato 🍅
I like thisi video format! You should do more. Conglaturations
just ordered most of these games. they look really fun
I think Cobra Triangle is overlooked
Jackal is very underrated.....
I hope guardian legend is in this
The guardian legend is an extremely underrated game.
With its incredible library of games, the NES has many overlooked gems.
2025.. nothing should be turned based anymore..
this video brought to you by Mike Matei
I like this new version, HVGN
Guardian Legend is awesome....
I know a bit late, 😢😂
Solstice
Vice project--> The Adventures of Bayou Billy
I loved Rollergames!  I think I still have it somewhere.
Rocking Cats habe ich damals Weihnachten bekommen und hatte so viel spaß damit und ich finde das Spiel kann sich heute noch sehen lassen. Und ich fand den Soundtrack super vor allem den mit Dem Rocken Roll Hund 😂.
Ducktails 2 came out after the snes came out. It was one of the last nes releases
How about the Guardian Legend?
"Princess Frogshit" made me laugh outloud.
Elevator Action is definitely one of underrated game. I love how the gangbanging part, similar to modern house breaking games
Qautum fighter Trog Wizards and warriors Jackie chan game Sky hawk These are games that went under the radar but earned a place on my shelf above my NES. only the best got a spot there
Micro machines was one of my favorites
11:45 maybe it's mega man's gun
You have to make more videos like this one!! 🙏
Shatterhand, Kick Master, and Power Blade 1 & 2
It always warms my heart to see James or Mike putting out new content.
Do more reviews like this!
Metal Storm is one of the best games on the system and really well designed. You play as a mech who can flip vertically to the floor or ceiling and many of the levels are designed to this strength by allowing you to go up the screen and come up the bottom. Highly recommend
Elimonator Boat Duel is my personal favorite. :D
I loved playing Tom&Jerry on NES, pretty unknown but super fun game 🎉
I wonder if honkai: star rail advert ever went to worse target audience than this
It's easy: bio miracle bokutte upa!! Choujin Sentai - Jetman Datsugoku/Prisoners of War Flying Hero Mitsume ga Tooru Saiyuuki_World 2 - Tenjoukai no Majin The Flintstones - The Rescue of Dino & Hoppy The Flintstones - The Surprise at Dinosaur Peak! Tokkyuu Shirei - Solbrain (NOT the Shatterhand version!)
👎 u talk too much
And this is why game preservation is so important, James.
Guardian Legend for sure.
Startropics 2 is totally underrated af
I played roller games with my cousin way back and could never quite remember the name
Cobra Triangle Code Name-Viper  Are those too well known?
Faxanadu is criminally underrated as well.
"The Guardian Legend", one of my childhood favorites.  Part shoot them up and part dungeon exploration, with a pinch of Rockman, it is a really fun and challenging game.
Kickmaster is a great game. That soundtrack shreds.
How bout nightshade?
Ernest p nerd
So weird hearing James talk about hsr
Love to see some love for Vice: Project Doom. Discovered it on NSO and it’s the only NES title on there that I’ve replayed multiple times outside of mainstream classics.
The Guardian Legend
Solar Jetman. It's almost forgotten and I absolutely love it. Please let me know if you know of any other games like it. I love the momentum physics and gravity mechanics.
HEB yo
Guardian Legend
Hey nerd, I just noticed you haven't done Shadowrun yet.  Those are games that you should definitely take on
Hi, love your recommendations! Do more videos like this one
IDK about overshadowed. But BATTLE TOADS was one of my favorites as a kid. And it had co op play.
Fist of the North Star
Another underrated gem is Dragon Fighter
Power Blade
1943 Ned epic
Also, Marble Madness, Xenophobe, Bump N Jump, Blades of Steel, Tecmo Bowl, RC Pro AM, Golf, Tiger Heli, and Legacy of the Wizard. That last one is an RPG. And can never forget this one, Gauntlet. Keep playing games like these ones and you will lose the word Angry out of your name. You would just be Video Game Nerd.  These games are really cool.
Silent Service was a great submarine WW2 simulation NES game.
I played a little of the Atari 2600 and the original Nintendo but the two systems I really got more into were Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo but until now I still play my Super Nintendo and my PS2.
The…not so Angry Video Game Nerd 😁
Karate Kid, RC Pro am, Kid Icarus, T&C Surfer, Skate or Die was few favorites of mine
I beat Bionic Commando before I beat Mario 1.
@10:55 princess frogshit! LOL 💀
Super Turrican on NES, beat that soundtrack!
Lone ranger
One of my favorites was Galaxy 5000. It's kind of like rock n roll racer but with space ships. Captain Skyhawk was also one of my favs. Thanks for making so many awesome videos. Brings me back to my childhood. Cheers
Does anybody know the name of the game where you turn into animals depending on the weapon you find. I didn't beat that game and I want to beat it now. The weapons I remember where the sword(turn into a dragon) scythe and chain turn in to a scorpion, and  you also turn into a tiger(can't remember the weapon)
I forgot ALL ABOUT Rocking Cats 😮 I think it was something I rented a few times back in the day.
The Nerd isn’t angry anymore.😮
Felix The Cat-- simple awesome fun. My favorite NES game.
What about Solar Jetman?
That Rollergames dude was chunky 😂😂😂😂😂
XEXYZ by hudaon soft!!!!!
Golgo 13
Vice Project Doom has always been one of my favorite nes games. Alot like ninja gaiden but much easier.
I prefer him normal and not angry
Dragon Warrior 3 was my favorite NES game.
One of my little known favorites was Formula One: Built to Win
Crash and the boys
"It's a combination of a chain and a sickle"  So, the blades of chaos before Kratos existed.  Nice. "He has a gun on the box art.  Was this going to be a different kind of game?"  I think it's a starters pistol, which would fit right in.
Picked 5 games at random bro?
I give my 2cents on my 5 awesome games.  1. Bionic commando 2. A boy and his blob  3. Dejavu  4. maniac mansion  5. Contra
This format is better than AVGN
Guardian Legend and Solar Jetman I always thought were forgotten gems.
No! On the cell phone games. You should be ashamed of representin cell phone games!
LITTLE SAMSON!?
captain skyhawk, airwolf
T & C Surf Design
Guardian Legend is a criminally overlooked game.
I always loved SolarJetman. The different planets with higher gravity and zero gravity were really challenging. I still have this game.👍
A shout-out to Shatterhand!!!
Willow- I’ve only really seen karmajolt talk abt it
it looks awfully similar to Batman för NES, the mechanics  and texture of the levels looks pretty much the same.
4:08 Me when I realise tomorrow’s Monday:
Guardian legend....for sure....you could do a whole review on it if you wanted
Shadowgate is an extremely underrated game
Thankyou so much for this video, I have been trying to remember rollerblade game to no avail until today
Bionic commando!
Zen the intergalactic ninja
This game seems like a combination if skate or die meets double dragon
Silkworm was a great 2 player co-op game where the two characters were different. P1 got a jeep and player 2 got a helicopter. Great game. Never really met anyone else that had it growing up though.
And then you quickly drop to your knees and get in some...
4:35 😂😂😂
@JamesNintendoNerd idk if youll ever see this but id love to know ur favourite games on some less popular consoles like the gamegear and lynx
Non-Angry Video Game Nerd
So,  is he really running out of games? I can watch top 5 lists anywhere.  Oof.
I want to see a new video of the games the nerd actually approves of lol
Thank you for your coming
Iron sword 2
How about Gun-Nac ?.  Best vertical shooter on the system in my opinion😊.
But how is he roller blading on a beach in the jungle?!
Tetris Attacks
Zombies Ate my Neighbors,  Illusion of Gaia,  Uniracers,  Micro Machines
That frogger behind you!  Miss mine
Conquest Of The Crystal Palace is majorly overshadowed game.
Rollergames was what would have happened if Battletoads wasn't so ridiculously unfair and cut out the BS racing levels.  I genuinely think VIce Project Doom was better than Ninja Gaiden.
Thanks for all the great videos you give us James
I love Vice Project Doom. But just the clarify, it was a whip not a sword.
4:08 This will never not be hilarious.
Thank you for this video. Because of it I discovered Vice: Project Doom and it is my new favorite NES game. Appreciate all you do James
What???!   Wall Street kid didn’t make your list?????
How would  you be able to rollerskate in a Forrest lol
Cool video....
Guerilla War Bionic Commando Jackal Mission: Impossible  Iron Tank
Crystalis is also an unfairly overlooked one. It's in a collection on Switch.
a
I remember how awesome game of 5 of them.
AVGN would EVISERATE starrail lol😂
Wait, thats not the last boss in Rockin Kats...i think it was that dog from the box art and you have to beat him twice with a hard platforming level between the fights. James, you need to play it again, you missed some amazing things about this game.
Go eat your heart out Arnold  lol😅
River city ransom was the best fighting game
Right at 7:30 is so close to a Ninja Gaiden 2 level
Adventures of Dino Riki.  Never really here anyone talk about that one.  It is very original.  It's top down, but you can jump.
Flying Warriors!!!
I definitely also recommend Metal Storm.
"The Magic of Sheherazade"
The bowed shelf in the background is underated.
What the f kind of "overshadowed" list is this... you listed off 1 game that's well known and 4 others which are just a bunch of sidescrolling platformers. The only one that even deserves to be on this list is Rollergames.  5 extremely underrated NES games: Guardian Legend (without question deserves the #1 spot... CRIMINALLY underrated) Legacy of the Wizard Faxandu Nightshade Wizards and Warriors 3  Extra: Willow
My favorite obscure NES games are probably Star Tropics and Milon's Secret Castle (although the latter is sadistically hard).
Loved this review! More of these please!
Star Tropics
I might be just me, but gun's smoke was a fun game I never hear about.
Kabuki: Quantum Fighter
Shatterhand and Samurai Pizza Cats
The Guardian Legend is definitely one that could go on this list.
Still viewing
I don't know how they stand up today, but 2 of my favorites as a kid were Willow and Strider.
Also in Roller games, you can switch between 3-4 different characters,👍. Remember this game with Smile ☺️.
Journey to silius.  Still my absolute favorite and feels so unknown, and has the best sound track
Xexyz is one of the best games I’ve played that most have never heard of.  It’s a space side scrolling shooter.  Sometimes you’re on a “Hoverboard “ sometimes flying a ship, but always a fun challenge.
Not NES but Metal Warriors for SNES was excellent.
Street  Fighter 2010 is overshadowed. Its an adventure fighting ga me. No relation to Streetfighter games.
Holy smokes I probably haven’t thought about roller games in the 30+ years since played it but as soon as you said the name I had the most nostalgic rush
I remember when you reviewed the X-Men games that you forgot about the SNES X-Men game. Was there a reason you didn’t mention that one ?    It was the much better X-Men game from what I remember.
Here are some other over shadowed NES Games. Gyruss, Guerilla War, Renegade, The Little Mermaid, Mission Impossible.
I loved Guerilla War when I was a kid, you never really hear anyone talk about it
That scream was way to funny
10:20 : If they where smoking the same stuff the crew of Super Mario Bros. Wonder smoke, I WANT SOME! X)
9:48 : You should make a trashcan and slap it with the LJN logo. X)
Stryder
Just 5?
Rygar
The Aladdin game wasnt bad either with multiple phases of play.
One game that came to mind for me while I was watching your video is Whomp’em!
Wizards and Warriors, Soltice, Section Z
He's a calm video game neeeeerd
Crystalis didnt get enough love considering how great it was. Only Zelda clone I remember that managed to get the formula correct.
River city ransom was always one I thought was under rated.
So, DuckTales 2 did exist 🤯🤯🤯 I wasn't dreaming.
Could you do a review for "Evo"? It is recommendable.
Guardian Legends 'Nuff said
THE HARDEST thing on NES - finding NES Games; that weren't just all ridiculousness
"Thank you for your coming"
Just here trying to be the 1,000,000th view. Cheers!
I wish Demon Sword was mentioned more in this type of video. I loved that game a lot but maybe I’m just looking back with rose tinted glasses.
I feel like two of the biggest overlooked hidden gems on NES have to be Super Mario Bros. (1985) and The Legend of Zelda (1986). Nobody ever talks about them, yet they're both masterpieces.
I always really liked Nightshade. That game played like a side scroller meets point and click adventure, with a healthy helping of goofy puns strewn throughout.
Kick Master ;)
Tombs and Treasures is my favorite nes game, Toki a close second
Crystalis was overshadowed
Kabuki Quantum Fighter!
Doki! Doki! Yuuenchi  I remember sneakily playing this game in the middle of the night..
KICKMASTER , underrated , no one ever talks about .
Blades of Steel! Great hockey game with a mini game included!🎉🎉
Awesome overshadowed game?!?  That's easy - Solstice
how did i not see these games? was it a marketing failure?
Monster party should get more love.
Rolling Thunder?
[01:30] Mario, Zelda, Metroid, Contra, Castelvania, Megaman |
I heard this guy is the reason Kamala lost! Thanks nerd!! TRUMPAMANIA RUNNING WILD!!
OUTSTANDING FINDS
Your shelf is bending repair it,it might fall
My love for flight sims started on the NES. Silent service, Mig-29, F-117a, Flight of the Intruder, F-15. Gotta say though that I am way more of a Sega Genesis fan at heart.
Jinuwin
Roller games is blast to play i only got past the sewer lever once and to this day have not finished it
Chip n Dale 3
Vice Project Doom looks like it's was designed by the same team that developed G.I. Joe.
Little Sampson, Rush'n Attack, Chip N Dale Rescue Rangers, Cobra Triangle, Micro Machines, and Snake Ratle and Roll were some of my favorites to play with my cousins.
The Guardian Legend and Faxanadu are my picks for NES games that most  haven’t played.
Startropix?
11:33 In Rockin' Cats the main character is actually uses a hand gun. That shoots a spring fist.
Silkworm and Snake Rattle N Roll are other co-op games I really like on NES. I’ve beat both of those with a friend.
Nintendo should have kept the name Princess Toadstool. Words can have multiple meanings. All the mushroom people are named Toad or Toadette.  It matches. In the Mario Universe, what if Toad had a different meaning than frog? And stool could mean a chair. I prefer her original name.  Who cares what people think? We loved the Battletoads right? Remember their names? They never changed their names.
I totally missed all of these.  There were so many NES games.  I guess my pick would be Magician.  I never hear anyone talk about that game.
GUARDIAN LEGEND
We never got the release here but Sweet Home for the NES is a solid horror game.
9:52 those shelves in the back look like their an oz away from collapse
Is it just me or is your NES cartridge rack giving out? be careful there
Hagane
Zanac on the NES  is a hidden gem.
I wish "Clash at Demonhead" was on this list...
This video is a public service.
I’d like to see more positive highlight vids on games. I love Avgn, but I also like knowing what James likes.
All of these look great
I forgot what game but my friends used to enjoy a certain nes skateboard game i think it was. Can't remember if you could do tricks or not.
Clash at Demonhead definitely deserves some love.
Zero G man i find is under rated!
If I want to Rollerblade in a game I just go to megamannbattle network.
The one I don't hear about very much these days is Adventure Island 2, which in my memory at least, is a great game. I'm going to see if you have reviewed it now...
I just played Rygar 15 min ago!
Great list! Love Rockin’ Cats! Some of my favorite games you don’t always hear people bring up are: The Guardian Legend, The Lone Ranger, Dragon Warrior 3, The Magic of Scheherazade, Felix the Cat.
'DuckTales2' is the most perfect game.. On the flip side I rem I posted a video with list of games from the dreaded '99999-in-1'..  they were perfectly bad games
Oh how people are missing out on shatterhand!
Unless I’m missing something Ultra made Rollergames, not Konami
Power Blade
When I saw Rockin Cats on Nick arcade I always wanted to play it.
Konamis bucky o hare and capcoms little nemo adventure in slumber land is underated gem
Rockin' Kats was one of my favorite games as a kid. I actually cried when I had to return it to the video store.
2:20 There's always something wonderful about hearing the "angry video game nerd" call something cool.
An over looked game is the one that came with my nintendo; super spike volleyball/world cup soccer
AVGN, IR8-the-80s and Gaming Historian started this and now 30,000 other dudes have channels on YouTube.
I love watching you man. Been watching since you started on the old website there. Much love man
Low-G Man is an incredible overlooked game on the Nes.
I liked saiyuuki's world and lones toones in nes when i was young
I love this game. Great to play while doing something else like working out, or doing taxes, or drinking beer. Have you ever done a video on Destination EarthStar? Such a wild concept for a 3d game and also really hard. I never made it past the second 3d portion...
How to Train your Dragon 2 on WiiU was way better than it every should have been.
Him and his friend should play some if not all of those games 🎉❤🎉
8:57 I heard some people get promotions that way
I tried playing Vice: Project DOOM a few days ago. The plot made no sense. I tried looking up the original Japanese version of the story and it only made things worse.
Air Fortress, Little Ninja Brothers, Gemfire, Jackie Chan and The Lone Ranger are all overlooked great games.
The guardian legend is a hidden gem.
Shatterhand
Burai fighter!!!!
Golgo 13: Top Secret Episode should definitely be in this category!
RushN Attack was another awesome game
Would love if the Nerd reviewed The Magic of Scheherazade 🤞I feel this game is very much underrated.
I miss James & Mike Mondays
The games find underrated,    1) Zen intergalactic Ninja   2) Narc   3) Rygar   4) James Bond Jr   5) BatMan Return of the Joker
Mighty Bomb Jack
GI Joe the Atlantis Factor was awesome
NES GAMES ARE HOT HOT HOT
I really missed this guy I’ve been watching cinemascare for over a decade glad James is alright and doing well.
Man, Vice Project Doom, I had totally forgotten about that one, thanks!
Probably should have mentioned that VICE: Project Doom was on the cover of Nintendo Power magazine back in the day - I had that issue and I read the section on the game, and it was very interesting.
Why was this not recommended until 1 year later.
Bayou Billy had levels with only the crosshairs on the screen.
Shatterhand
The Guardian Legend is the most overlooked game on the NES and the Famicom version of The Adventures of Bayou Billy "Mad City"
Look at the bow in those shelves lol
James, I'm gonna level with you. Talking about NES games is not gonna get you anywhere. It's a niche system that no one remembers. I'm sure people have little to no interest in hearing about it.
I always thought Kiwi Kraze was an underrated title.
Nightshade is my hidden gem.
NightShade on NES
The Lone Ranger is definitely the most underrated game in the NES library.
I got two, Toobin'. It was going down rivers in an inner tube it was a ton of fun from what I remember. The other is Dragon Spirit, a shmup you play as a man transformed into a dragon and it's one of the best shmups Ive played. It's on Tg16 and Nes.
Konami wai wai world.
Super Aleste, I think
shatterhand
Las conversaciones y las risas que se daban en torno a un juego malo... añoro esos años... 🥲  Saludos desde España 🇪🇦🇪🇺👍🏻
you dont even know how much i miss videos like this
Dude there is SO MANY cool games for the nes!
chip and dale
9:08 Even the announcers are dumbfounded! Are they trying to drain them, so they get tired and throw the fight? 🤔
am i hallusinating about past but there was a Knight Rider on my collection. i dont remember was it on NES. Just remember it was insane!
For Rockin Cats, the artist also did the SMT games on SNES. Weird how they went from a mascot platformer to a series all about mythological demons and nuclear apocalypse lol
The NES shelves get saggier by the year 😂
Guardian Legend
Japanese game, The 53 Stations of the Tokaido. Amazing game!
We were the only ones in our neighborhood who had Rollergames growing up. That game was such a gem.
Nightshade was an amazing game!  Challenging and really funny.
Rockin’ Kats looks rad!
Gun Smoke
Great, finally some appreciation for Ducktales 2, I've always thought it was better than the original. ❤
i like starail, been playing it, it's like a diablo stat farming game, but for JRPGS
Jackel was a great nes game.
The Legend of Mega Controidvania Bros
Felix the cat.
James, any chance of checking out all the Simon's Quest fan made games that have happened? I know you covered a few already.
Captain Skyhawk!
I think Tecmo Bowl is one of the most under appreciated games for the NES. It's not underrated, I think most sports fans agree it holds up insanely well and brings so much to the genre. That's why I think it's under appreciated tho because I rarely see it brought up on any online list. If you're a fan of video games it holds up very well even if you don't understand football.
I absolutely loved super dodgeball
Kid Niki was fun and amazingly hard. Also Karlov
Built to Win, Mighty Final Fight and Guerrilla War
Solar Jetman
Formula One: Built to Win is not a game I hear people talking about ever and I love.
Rocking Cats is absolutely awesome, i played through the whole game when trying it out randomly.
Xeyzl. Loved that game and it was pretty challenging
The shooting sequence in Vice Project Doom is very similar to the shooting sequences in Golgo 13 Top Secret Episode. Golgo 13 came out three years earlier. Since both games are genre blenders, it's likely that the designers were at least a little inspired by Golgo 13.
Faxanadu
I'm glad he put on some fitted tees. Little things help
Little Samson is another excellent one too. Oh, and Bucky O'Hare as well.
what a girly looking jean jacket lol
Sengokushi - Haou no Tairiku is one of the best NES strategy games and one of the best Sengokushi games across any platforms. But you need to know Chinese history of that era and need to read Japanese to play it. There is a PS1 remaster of the same game. Too bad Namco stopped making more Sengokushi games after that and left the market to Koei.
Can you do that for SNES?
i totally agree
Vice Project Doom was one of my favorites! Great action, great cinematics.
Little Nemo: The Dream Master and StarTropics are 2 of the best nes games besides the main ones
Roller games is very fun.  I’ll vouche for James on that.
That Mac Donald’s game was alright.
6:06 "I'm playing Roller Games, on the Roll & Rocker!"
Might Final fight is probably in my top 5. It’s a better double dragon
RIver City Ransom Crash and the boy street challenge
I was always kind of partial to "Rescue:  The Embassy Mission"
Isolated Warrior
Roo???
Golgo 13 has a shooting level just like Vice Project Doom and is by far one on the best NES games ever released
Yo! Noid!
Felix the Cat
Conquest of Crystal Palace, Flintstones, Chip and Dale, Elephantics Antics, Tinny Toons, Heavy Barrel.
4:05 pretty sure that belongs to Mike Schank
Best games on nes???  To me : The legend of Zelda Mario1,2,3 Felix the cat Faxanadu Double dragon 2 Megaman Bucky o hare Etc...
Great graphics for 8 bit nes 😂😂
That buckling shelf 😳
Thanks for driving up the games by 150%
Bump'n Jump
Rollergames, always used the fast pink woman and never did beat the last boss as a kid.
Basewars!
What about demon sword?
Micro Machines
Rampart!!!!
I had The Guardian Legend and Iron Tank for the NES as a kid. Both were pretty fun to play.
Please cover Battle of Olympus.
It's not "ROO"  Lookit how the name is spelled: "RYU"  Ree-YOO  or  Rih-YOO  Psh. "Roo."
I always enjoyed playing Cobra Command. The chopper game where you help rescue hostages.
Power blade
Base Wars is one of the hidden gems of NES
How about, I think the game was called Jackel. It was an Army jeep war game
Crystalis!!! Such an amazing game…the best game on the nes in my opinion. Would love to see a review from you on it.
Air fortress!
One of the best games I've played and own is THE ANGRY VIDEO GAME NERD 1,2,3
Am I the only one who loves Guardian Legend?!? I love how the plot is that your in some kinda space station and have no recollection of how you got there...took me twenty years to beat.
Power Blade (1990) was one of my favorite NES games when I was a kid.
Cobra Triangle was the game I played a lot as a kid. I never heard people really talking about it tho.
I think everyone knows about Shatterhand by now. How about Archon or Karnov?
Does anyone remember Batman: The videogame?
any video with a Rygar callout gets a like from me.
I like to imagine the fist comes out of the handgun like one of those old Timey toys
Panic restaurant
Swampthing overshadowed gameboy game
Action 52 , F this game . Please do a review of it , you A hole.
Golgo nes overshadowed game
there was an NES game called F15 Strike Eagle. It was a flight SIM with basic graphics (even by NES standard) but with great sim elements. You could play two players coop, with one taking the role as co-pilot, in control of weapons and countermeasures.
Umm..  ACTUALLY I'm fairly certain the main weapon in Vice: Project Doom is a laser whip, not a sword..
Rollergames seemed like rebranded tmnt
Ufouria was great
i loved rollergames
Little Nemo: The Dream Master
The guardian legend definitely needs a mention.
Guardian Legend!
Dusty Diamonds All Star Softball. The GOAT sports game.
0 for 2 on pronouncing Ryu
Ryu COULD flip up and down in the arcade version of Ninja Gaiden.
Swordmaster
your wrong original ninja gaiden was a coin op game and he did have those climbing mechanics
Mighty final fight
Wow I haven't heard of most of these but they look very fun for sure!
Eliminator Boat Duel on Nintendo Switch Online?!?!?!
John 3:16
My fave need game I've encountered via NES classic mini was Star Tropics
Nice, now play more Famicom-only games, there are at least 15 great games you're missing out on
love it when the nerd talks very nicely and is soft on his words. hehehe
Zen: Intergalactic Ninja was one of my favorites as a kid
There is a cool game for the NES that I always felt was overlooked called XEXYZ. Could you do a video on that game?
p.o.w. on nes is very over shadowed
Isolated warrior is super fun
I love Silent Service
I didn't heard about any of these games. It's so interesting to think every Nintendo console ha its own share of great third party games that you can only play there. It hapoened to Wii with Madworld and NMH and it hapoened back.them with these
Iron tank .. snk
Man U chose 5 games of the same genre … what about golgo  13 ? So many other games .
You need to play BUG'S BUNNY'S BIRTHDAY BLOWOUT. If you have, you know. If you haven't, just go get it and enjoy.
Don't know if it was underrated, but I like Gunsmoke
The Guardian Legend
I'll throw in Stunt race fx.   Been catching up on a few retro/snes videos lately and don't see that get much love!
Look up Metal Max james!
Blaster Master is definitely in this category! I finished it just last night. Amazing game with the best VGM!
Yo! Noid is a great game and very difficult. With a fascinating 'eating contest' card game for a boss at the end of the levels. And Xexyz is another much underrated NES classic.
Bubble Bobble Cobra Triangle Marble Madness
R.C. Pro Am SNK baseball stars Spelunker
I’m drinking rolling rock, on the rolling rocker, playing rolling games! (Soy face, gaping mouth)
Loved rockin cats, you can see him holding the gun, its a gun that shoots the glove out
Hearing James say HONKAI is so jarring
Super pitfall was one of my favourites
Felix cat NES game
I like play Jackal. Basically is a shooting game when your character is a military Jeep
Crash n' the boys' street challenge! Such a gem!
James talking about games is all i want to see
en Latinoamérica Hagane. y el jefe águila el mas difícil siempre. que recuerdos
Jackie chan had s great game no1 knew about   And Crystalis 😊
jackel is underated i think and a awesome game
danny sullivan's indy heat
the ninja giaden flip phone port sounds like a massive nightmare
Legacy of the Wizard - still a gem!
I did greatly enjoy Tom and Jerry as a kid, in single digits.  It was a simple, colorful, yet very difficult game.
NES games are always too hard for this 95' kid lol. I say kid, but I'm 28 this year...Oh boy, soon the Wii and DS are considered retro.
When did you start dressing like a gay biker ?
11:34 it's Grappling Fistgun 5000.
Im lovin the positive vibes from this video....
Zen intergalactic Ninja is one of the last NES games and is awesome Almost like an Snes Game
I would have thought A Boy and his Blob would be there... 😥
You forgot Robocop 2 did the shooting crosshair for each of their ending level sequences  And yes Ducktails 2 is awesome, yet I beat that in a day due to being a master of Ducktails 1, I noticed there were a few extras yet due to playing Ducktails 2 on pc rom I didn’t quite have that completionist urge like I did with playing in front of the TV using a legit NES controller
Have you tried Gargoyle's Quest 2? It's a great game that no one seems to know.
Bionic Commando!
Definitely The Lone Ranger game by Konami for the NES is an underrated gem.
The Guardian Legend, amazing hybrid game that's basically Zelda crossbred with a top-down shooter. The most underrated game on the system in my opinion.
Nice episode :) We had Rollergames. It was fun! I never heard about Ducktales II. Maybe we already bought a SNES by then is my guess.
Rad Gravity, nobody and I mean nobody knows or talks about this game. I got it for Christmas as a kid and was kind of disappointed because I asked for something else. After about an hour playing it I was hooked, it quickly became one of my favorites.
The bow in those shelves is the ultimate collector flex 💪🏼
Would love to see the G.I Joe games.
This guy is an American icon and hero
HEY JAMES?! Where's "Werewolf" for NES?!! I've been asking for any type of review this game... hopefully we get one at some point. 🤞🏽🙂 Keep up the great work. The 80s...best era EVER!
Cristalys
Any game by Culture Brain.  Especially Flying Warriors and Little Ninja Boys.
river city ransom is a great game, maybe not overshadowed but not as popular as others.
Mr. Gimmick
Wizards and warriors is still a nostalgic favorite for me
I always liked Tiny Toons, Adventure Island 2, and even Little Mermaid.
You didn't mention or show the other characters you can play as in Rollergames.  Each has their own attributes and special attacks
I feel like maybe it's remembered but Crystalis was amazing, I just never see much talk about the game though and it would be nice to find a similar game.
One game that I found surprisingly fun was Super Glove Ball... Using the Power Glove. It's probably the only game that is any fun with the Power Glove.
Werewolf The Last Warrior for sure
No one ever talks about Solar Jetman Hunt for the Golden Warship. Great game. I don’t know how it didn’t blow people’s minds.
"Drop to your knees and get in some shots." Uh... What show am I watching again? 😅
Review The Magic of Scheherazade!!!
I have one specific NES game that is definitely overshadowed – The Guardian Legend. It's like a vertical shoot 'em up game combined with The Legend of Zelda style gameplay... but it's actually better than TLoZ.
Spy vs spy
While the graphics were a bit poor, the game Archon on the NES was a standout for me. Its battle chess in a way but with a little luck and skill even pawns can beat the higher end pieces. Worth a look if you haven't yet.
In roller games u can select 3 playable characters.
rollergames was amazing l had a ton of games that one was one of the best.
Master blaster.
Willow was one of my favorite most underrated games of all.
When I was younger I had fun playing Low G Man and of course G.I. Joe
Blaster master all the way. It took a true angry nerd with top skill and steel cahones to beat that game.
Crystalis is a hidden gem
Where did you get that mario blanket on your sofa? I could use that.
Dude Ninja Crusaders was a banger two player game like altered beast with ninjas for the NES.
Solar Jetman and the Hunt for the Golden Warpship is one of the most expansive games I've played. It has something like 9 different planets as stages and many could take hours to explore.
Little Samson
Crystalis by SNK, a great action adventure with RPG elements. Was a fantastic game with cool mechanics and story. Deserved more attention and a sequel, kinda got neither.
“What were they smoking?” should be the tagline for Atlus. I love Atlus- they’re my favorite developers
A really fun and underrated NES game that I always love coming back to is Kabuki Quantum Fighter.
I prefer i diarrea dump in my ears instead of playng starrail
Oh man. 2 decades down the line and James is still putting out bangers. Great video man, had no idea about some of these games!
As a kid I always liked WRUM, Escape from the Embassy, Silent Service 2, Power Blade and I tried to like Radioactive man but that game was just horrible. I got Radioactive Man for my 8th birthday and was so excited. We only got one, maybe two new games a year so you played the heck out them.
The guardian legend… 100% my number one game. Gameplay and graphics I feel are top notch!
I was expecting Eliminator Boat Duel to be in the list, only for it to be mocked. ={
Played a couple of these from the rental store as a kid.  Always liked them.  Great vid!  Thanks!
The only reticle shooter like that I grew up with was Operation Wolf.  My dad loved playing that game with his arcade style joystick controller.
No Jackal? ☹️
Guardian legend
Roller games is blades of steel meets tmnt
Princess Frogshit lol, he's still got it, if you'll let him.
Super smooth and consistent 60fps scrolling and such is something you rarely see today...
It isn't revolutionary, but The Adventures of Tom Sawyer has always been a favorite. It's a solid little game. I remember renting it a couple times as a kid and being frustrated with it then. It's not so tough as an adult after all these years. A fun playthrough.
Despite its recent surge in popularity, I still consider "Bloodsucking Freaks" to be an overlooked NES classic.
Kabuki: Quantum Fighter
What about Startropics?? Absolute banger game
Have you reviewed the sk8 or die games? Love your content
Never knew about ducktales 2..wow looks like a worthy sequel!
The nes is the gift that keeps on giving.
Those shelves are sa-a-a-agging. It all has melted into one big structure essentially, anything removed, boom, collapse.
I loved Ducktales 1, didn't even know they had made a 2nd game!!!
Astyanax, baby
Bucky O`Hare !!
I was a big fan of Bionic Commando. I loved the mechanics of the game and how your skill levels and creativity got better the more you played the game.
The Lone Ranger. Freaking excellent game! No one ever talks about it.
Galaxy 5000 is a game that I enjoy still to this day.  It combined space, battle racing and upgrading ships.  Super fun still to me.  Never hear anyone talk about it.
Loved Rockin' Cats, I played that a lot!!!
magmax for nes or b.o.b for snes
👍🏻
Kick Master
It's weird hearing James mention Genshin Impact. I'm so used to him being stuck in the 80s and 90s whenever he mentions a popular game from more recent years it throws me for a loop.
Ever heard of Solomon’s key?
Thankyou for your coming!
I don't know if you've done videos on these new to your Chanel "crstalis" "Guardian Legend" "cobra   trangle" or "section Z" just curious
"The closest thing i could compare Rockin Cats to is Bionic Commando"  Felix the Cat: Am I a joke to you?  Literally the only other game with a cat that has an extending punch glove.....
oooo
I’d love to see an Avon episode on the crash bandicoot games 😊
There's something seizure-inducing about hearing THE Angry Video Game Word say the words "Genshin Impact" out loud.
Faxanadu has joined the chat.
Do you know if the nes cartridge fit into nintendo famicom the Japanese version?
Willow NES.
Ok you have a lot.
Trojan was one of my favs growing up. Don't see a lot of people talking about it, that Rygar, Goonies 2 and Gremlins 2 I played to death back in the day.
Shatterhand and Power Blade should have been on the list!
I remember staying up all night to play and beat rockin cats. Nintendo DOES need to put that on nso
I absolutely agree Vice: Project DOOM is highly underrated! What a great game!
grew up playing retro games so this video so much nostalgia to me
We got DuckTales remastered. When will we get a port or remake of the second game?
👏
legendary wings, codename viper, heavy barrel
Finally!! After around 30 YEARS!! I found the name of the game!! I forgot the name along the years!! Rockin' Kats is a game that I want to play again... I thought the dog on the cover was the last boss and I didn't beat the gorilla boss!! I've tried so bad looking for videos about overshadowed NES games, then I finally found the game I've been looking for!! I've played this game on a Brazilian videogame called Dynavision 3... this videogame had supported NES games. Thank you, James!!
You've, uh, mellowed out, Angry Video Game Nerd. Did you have a heart attack?
PRINCESS FROGSHIT 😭
Startropics is the number 1 overshadowed gem for me
Journey to silius
Rollergames getting some much deserved love!
Golgo 13: Top Secret Episode
Thrilla safari
Did you ever do one on Guardian legend?
In Rockin' Cats you shoot the boxing glove from your gun. So the picture's fine)
Well her REAL name is Princess Toadstool so who knows
DuckTales 2 it's amazing even in the Gameboy version. Seriously if you can, play it, nes or gb.
Can we please have an SNES overshadowed games? Great episode!
One of the most criminally underrated NES/Famicom games, in my opinion, is Lagrange Point. It's one of the few games that had the honor of having a VRC7, which expanded the sound and music capabilities of the console, making it sound like almost like an 8-bit version of the early Genesis games. Also, this game is extremely long to complete, being a sci-fi RPG across multiple planets.
Moai Kun, anyone?
B wing was my favorite underrated NES game.... the main issue is that that game was very early days, but i loved it as a child
SHATTERHAND BOYES
Avgn - A = vgn
Bring back rental reviews!!
Vice was my favorite.
I always liked caveman games and tiny toon adventures growing up.
Crystalis
I beat Ducktales 2 on a rental!
What do you think of kickle cubicle?  I always thought it was incredibly satisfying and unique!
Adventure island 4, i love that game.
Jackie chan ???
DuckTales to, nice pull! Hella' game!
아..형님 많이 늙었다..😢
The Guardian Legend is my favorite NES game. The music is boss.
Moon Crystal comes to mind for me. I was Japan only but it's probably the best 2D platformer on the NES.
Definitely do more Overshadowed game videos, u can do more NES ones , then of course move to SNES, and then other consoles. u have lots of future content if u need it
Another overshadowed game, would be Overlord for the NES. Never understood the game when I was younger, now I think I can now that I'm older now. Thanks James!
The cat from Rockin Katz uses a gun in game if you look closely! The boxing glove comes out of it! So the box art makes sense ahah
I think Mother 1 is pretty great
Destiny of an Emperor
Rocket Knight Adventures for SEGA!
LOL, the best other 5 games on the Nintendo Entertaiment System!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes kid dracula famicom and little samsom
was little dracula for nes or gb ?? i dont remeber
one of the my favorite is gremlins 2 for nes :3
I’ve got a few overlooked gems: Little Nemo The Dream Master, Totally Rad, and Power Blade!
This should be a regular series.
I think about Ni no kuni.
This is the kind of rare content I absolutely love to see, both from The Nerd and from James himself. I'd love to see another video like this touching on overshadowed NES games, or maybe even overshadowed games from other consoles! Planning on trying out Vice Project Doom as we speak after watching this.
Nice!
"King kong in a 1940's gangster outfit"  Or... you could say he's wearing a "monkey suit" 😏
I’d enjoy watching more videos like this for the other systems as well. I enjoy seeing these old games I didn’t play and listen to him talk about them
I'm kind of surprised how nobody pointed out, that the main weapon in Rockin' Kats is a "punch gun" and it actually looks like a real gun but it shoots a spring glove. Do your research, Nerd!
Dude! So much positivity in one single episode. This is hard to handle... : ) Cheers mate.
SNES  UN SQUADRON. Based on the anime AREA 88. One of the best side scrolling  flying action games.    And the music just awesome
Any love for Star Tropics (1 & 2!) or Crystalis James?!
I haven't herd  anyone ever talk about the NES game solstice.
As a kid I saw Code Name: Viper at a store and begged my mom to buy it thinking it was Vice: Project Doom. What a terrible disappointment
Sword Master is a really underrated game for the NES I don’t see anyone ever talking about. It’s really expensive now too
I feel like Startropics is a great but often overlooked game.  I know the credit reel pictures gave me more  (I just beat a game) joy than any other NES title I ever played. Iwould love to seethe Nerd's take on it.
Have you tried Paman (not Pacman) for the Famicom? No one mentions it, but I think that was one of the most fun games I've played in the 90s.
Ikari warriors
Bucky O'Hare  made by Capcom. Super fun, made by the same team that made ducktales.
Absolutely. A lot of these were go to rentals when Friday got busy and all the well known games were gone. Even owned roller games. Still love its troma like style today.
Was hoping to see XEXYZ or Crystalis
Thanks for the recommendations!
You gotta cover a little game called Totally Rad. Top ten best NES game.
Have you ever played Sqoon, James?  It's a great submarine shooter.
Yes! Glad you gave VICE some love! Great game that no one talks about.
Its all about Rygar maaan!!!
I can honestly say that while I have never heard of these games They actually look like they maybe fun to play Especially Rockin Kats
please do G.I. JOE GAMES please!!!
Ok aprils done picking your shirts
The nes game Demon Sword
How long will it be until James makes an Avgn episode about lord of the rings gollum?
You forgot POWER BLADE!
The Guardian Legend ‘nuff said
Felt like an avgn episode, the one where you just showed gameplay
Robin hood:Prince of thieves was amazing
I never hear anyone talking about Clash at Demonhead!!! That was my second most played games and only second to Zelda.
Heavy Barrel is an excellent game
Crystalis underrated
Samurai pizza cats.
Kiwi Kraze
Faxanadu, Battle of Olympus and Ufouria the saga
This was actually a really great video, James! Honestly all these look really fun! Thank you for the great recommendations!
Haven't watched James for a year and coming back to see him talking about an anime game was a treat
Battle tank on nes is really cool imo. You get the first-person view from the tank and unique mechanics for the time
Ultimate Stuntman
Big nose the caveman is a nice game.
Bucky O’Hare is a great NES title that isn’t talked about enough, at least not in classic gamer circles.
I do have some suggestions for NES games: Adventures of Lolo 1, 2 and 3 are still some of the best puzzle games I ever played. Also, Power Blade, the futuristic platformer with a Scharzenegger-like main character and stellar music from the same composer that made the Castlevania music.
"Blaster Master" was a classic. It's amazing and not discussed a lot, although I know there was a "James and Mike Monday" show about it. My only complaint about it is it was a little too ambitious for the NES, and it has lots of slowdowns. It's extremely difficult, but it's never unfair.  "Dragon Warrior" was interesting if you're into that sort of thing (turn-based, text-heavy RPGs). I got it as a kid thinking it was going to be more like Zelda and not so text-based, but it was fun in its own way.  If these, or at least "Blaster Master," were included on the NES Classic, I might buy one to go along with my SNES Classic.
I was expecting Nightshade on here, but these other games are pretty c00L to.
I remember Low G Man being both fun and unknown
Man, Rockin kats is one of my favorites.
Captain Bucky o'Hare
Did you ever play RESCUE: The Embassy Mission? Absolutely loved that game!
Rad gravity is underrated
I always liked Snake's Revenge. Basically Metal Gear 2 for the NES. Not as great as the original for the Japanese MSX2 but still great music, sneaking and boss fights.
What's that one game were you on the secret mission in the dune buggy? I loved that game!
It drives me nuts, the developers of Ducktales Remastered - completely forgot about the second game to remake.
Another game that I would recommend you check out is Digital Devil Story Megami Tensei, its made by Atlus and it spawned two game series that are still released to this day.
U never did the old DBZ games
Power Blade
Amazon Luna
Did you recently erased a video?
The Battle of Olympus was such a great game. Powerblade is another excellent and overlooked game.
Wait no way this guys still around 😮 ?
Do a certain biker game james
i know this gets said a lot, but this is very much like a "classic nerd" episode
@4:09
One of my favorite parts of the nerd reviews has always been James just talking about stuff from his childhood
🫵😎💨💚
Just got AVGN adventures 1&2 deluxe for ps4
I'm always worried that bookcase is going to yield some day, but years go by and it keeps holding all those NES games.
i think james should do zelda marathon where he goes over the legend of zelda games, that is if he has not done it allready, just a suggestion
I have very fond memories of P.O.W and Guerilla War. Both have very interesting levels and smooth, dynamic controls.
best NES game jaws
James u r underrated af ❤
James when u r gonna comeback? Its almost 1 month plz come back ❤
Nes is such an amazing retro console ❤
Rod Land is like an improved Bubble Bobble, but nobody talks about it.
Another is The Magic of Scheherazade!
Can you do episodes on NES home brew please
9:45 so the guys who are making Persona which is a very loved franchise nowadays. Rough start^^
Amazing video, James. I have some ideas for future AVGN episodes and here they are: Nicktoons Games Metal Gear Solid 5 The Phantom Pain Disney's Magical Mirror starring Mickey Mouse Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts Spyro Enter the Dragonfly Harry Potter Games Rule of Rose Chulip South Park games Avatar the last Airbender games Neon Genesis Evangelion for Nintendo 64 Dragon Ball Games on Nintendo and Playstation I hope that the Nerd destroys these games, James. I hope these games appear in a future AVGN episode.
Swords and serpents and demon sword were a couple underrated childhood favs for me
I always thought Rescue: the Embassy Mission was underrated. It's a proto-tactical- shooter; terrorists take hostages at an embassy, the player has to sneak snipers through the street to their vantage points, then you can snipe terrorists or repel guys in from the roof to finish them off.
Whomp Em, The Magic of Scheherazade, Conquest of the Crystal Palace, Robin Hood Prince of Thieves, Faxanadu, and Gun.Nac are some of my favorite lesser known gems.
Circus caper
I think Caveman games is underrated, myself.
FYI This is not a substitute for an AVGN episode. It takes way too long to release AVGN episodes.
You should talk some day of some Game of the  Monster Hunter  series as avgn, because some times it can ve very frustrating 😂
There was one it was  called ninja cruzaders
the nerd is talking about honkai star rail wow that's funny.
What about Crystalis, that is an awesome game for the NES.
Everything but DuckTales 2 is something I would have said if you didn't do them already 😂 never got to play that one, but the others were hits for me.
River city Ransom was the best Nintendo game ever made.
Rollergames is a game I wish I didn’t part ways with but I had to provide money for the family
I bet Uncle Scrooge could take out a terminator
Crystalis 😊
You going to review the new transformers movie??? Or are you to much of the truck not monkey fools!?!?
Please review Lord of the Rings: Gollum as AVGN next!
I was hoping Deja Vu may crak your list.  Man its a great game.  Maybe it was more popular than I remembered.
How about the Xbox original Brute Force. Please
Thank you James. Over the years you've built up an audience that consists of FOUR generation. Keeping the interests of many young and old.
My friend had Rocking cats. Boy, what a game it was. Long, challenging yet rewarding and super fun punching with that fist!  P.S. the cat does have a gun if you look closer though the graphics is a bit unclear - he shoots the fist out of it!
Chip N' Dale <3
Kid Niki: Radical Ninja and T & C Surf Design come to mind!
I have a question James have you seen I was a teenage werewolf if so will you review it please lon Chaney Jr forever
I liked bump N jump as well.
crystalis and metal storm
Atlus really came a long way now they are producing games like persona
Uncharted waters
Who else here was intelligent enough to avoid the COVID shot??
What did you think of The Guardian Legend?  Personally I loved it. There was so much packed into it.
I discovered Demon’s Crest on the SNES
A incredibly underrated NES game is Little Samson. Swapping between four characters and even passing the tutorial was amazing as a kid.
Prozac really changes a man.
Roller games was one of my favorites as a little dude 😂😂😂💯❤️
Ikari Warriors
Flying Dragon: The Secret Scroll
What's with the sassy text?
Since you got comfortable, your videos take forever
A Boy And His Blob is honestly one of the best games for the NES ever but almost no one has really played it.
Jackal for nes. It’s fun and challenging. Would like to see your review/input.
Super Dodgeball
I loved Rockin Katz but I always thought the punching glove came out of the gun
yo I'm not kidding make stuff like this a running series, theres tons of obscure cool old games out there
I was a big fan of Conquest of the Crystal Palace....I rented that one so many times.
Chip & dale, Nintendo world cup, Techmo cup - soccer game,  Techmo world wrestling.. and none of those are on the list for nintendo switch online.
Great Video
"Just destroy his F'N Nuts"
Baseball Simulator 1.000 was amazing.
Blaster Master?
Adventures of Link, Narc, vindicators, faxanadu, kickle cubicle were great NES games. as for SNES i still remember the game I rented most from blockbuster was metal warriors.
I always liked Crystalis, not one I hear ppl talk about a lot
Natsume we're underrated
Iron Tank and Little Nemo were standouts for me.
It's funny how ATLUS went from making cute games like that to Megami Tensei
a nerd video.
Another gem on the NES is Mission Impossible.
Can’t thank you enough for all the content over the years. Much more goes unsaid but youre the best. Thanks.
Metal Storm was awesome.
Really like the vibe of this one, always nice to see core content that's more laid back then AVGN staples. As far as underrated NES games go, I've always been partial to Shatterhand. May not be a 10/10 but definitely more fun than it's generic-ish cover art etc would let on.
Arch rivals was awesome
Do the gremlins games
The relaxed video game nerd.  RVGN
Blastermaster, deadly tower and I think it was called dragonquest some of my favorite games. I know I left it on for 3 weeks straight to beat deadly tower when I was a kid
Now it makes me wanna wish they get included in switch online 😂
McDonald's just released a new game for the Gameboy Color "Grimace's Birthday"
Please make a review of "Crash Bandicoot"
My fave games from NES that not many people i know played, were Rescue: The Embassy Mission, Arch Rivals: A Basket Brawl and Friday the 13th.
before watching the video, the games i thought of were Vice: Project Doom, Shatterhand, Guardian Legend, Gunsmoke, and Metalstorm
The one sticks out a lot from back in the day is Astyanax. Killer graphics and a lot of fun.
I missed this. Just learning about games I may or may not have played. These were always the best parts of classic nerd videos, not the swearing and extended skits.
Silent Service was a great replayable game. You were always trying to out do your friend's patrol score. The trick was to read the manual  and have a friend so you'd use both controllers.
he should review ong bak
Please James turn this into a series please please please please please
Cool vid
What about Bucky O'hare?
Abadox
Jackie Chans action kung fu. One of the most underrated NES games.
Snake Rattle and Roll. I was the only one who had it and I loved it!!!
Anyone else miss the podcast?
Adventure island 2 and 3
I'll always enjoy your content, James. Love ya man, I've been watching your content for so long. You're a legend.
The OG legend of gaming YouTube.
Kubuki man quantum fighter
Why no avgn videos about silent hill
Unless it’s Iron Sword or Alien Syndrome,I’m not interested
I hope he does more like this, highlights and spotlights of some underappreciated NES games people might overlook.
When James mentioned Atlus I went Persona mode
Кто ты чувак?
Vice Project Doom looks so similar to the ultimate stuntman game from codemasters.
Mendel Palace is my favorite NES game. Pinball Quest needs a ton of respect also. Cheers all
River city ransom
What no mention of "Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu" ?!
That Roller gamer stages look like TMNT stages. I guess Konami used the same stages for it.
Great episode!  Nice to see you talk about what you like.    Solar Jetman is as a great game.  Don’t know many people who have played this.  What’s your take on it?
I miss the classic angry video game nerd.... Maybe I'm just getting old.. I dunno.😢
Honestly, one of the most underrated/overshadowed NES games is actually a Nintendo one — StarTropics (and StarTropics II: Zoda’s Revenge). It’s *criminal* that Nintendo hasn’t done *something* with this property in the last 30 years. I think it may have been represented as a statue or badge in one of the Smash Bros., but that’s about it.
Go Scrooge!
ducktales 2 is $250+ :,)
Solar jetman and master blaster.
What about Samurai Pizza Cats, I liked that game. Catchy tunes all the way too.
GROG would be my choice
I don't play video games at all but I've watched every single AVGN video....
Coolness
Werewolf the last warrior
Nerd!... Play the gollum
Play gollum
4:06  < Hahaha, that scream even beats the post death Fatality screams from Mortal Kombat.
James,ever thought of reviewing the Animal Crossing series?
Hiw is rockin cats overshadowed? Its hands down the best game on nes ever made!
Please review Yakuza for PS2.
The pronunciation is DEFINITELY not rue. Whatever it is.
Genshin cumpact
Anybody play Shatterhand?
Golgo 13 has optics only shooting levels.
I think those shelves need some help. lol
I know you have done it but amiga cd 32 makes me very nostalgic if you can do another would be grateful love your stuff
Subtitulen los videos al español. El nerd tambien tiene fanaticos en latinoamerica. Saludos
A 3am thought, but:   The Nerd: Angry Video Game Nerd James Rolfe: Calm Video Game Dad  Actually, I got an idea for a name for these kinds of videos.  James Rolfe, the Cool Video Game Dad, where his catchphrase is: "What were they smoking?"
Do legends of dragoon ps
I like it when he talks about the things he likes
I always thought Silent Service was underrated
Is solar jet man a popular game I was never sure
Chill vibes+ old video games one may actually enjoy playing?... that I like so much 🎮🌸
mr gimmik i recently discoverd this game.
Journey to Silius. Section-Z. The Guardian Legend. ✌️ All 3 are fantastic. And 2 are on the cheaper side.
Legacy of the Wizard. That was an awesome game that nobody really talks about.
Solstice
I had Vice Project Doom on NES when I was a kid, such an awesome game! It's not a sword but a Whip he uses.
Base Wars. Rock 'em Sock 'em robots meets baseball. Easily the best "sports" game on the NES
Any great NES game that came out after SNES NA release I personally considered overshadowed, because I had already moved on
I always really enjoyed Monster Party, Yo Noid, Kickle Cubicle, Bucky O’Hare and Totally Rad.
Nobunagas ambition was an amazing game for its difficulty and completely unreplicated style. You could have multiple people play and make alliances, 2 people play but each person takes on the role of multiple people or just single player and cry after hours of playing just to lose by something extremely simple.
This is stimulating my long dormant video game addiction.
My absolute favorite NES game as a kid was Kickle Cubicle, terrible name for a great puzzle game
Honkai?  Man they got everyone promoting it.  Lol
KABUKI QUANTUM FIGHTER!!
Super Spy Hunter has one of the best soundtracks ever made on the NES imo.
My favorite NES game was The Guardian Legend. The game was fun, addictive,  and challenging. Even more challenging than the game, seems to be finding anyone that has even heard of it.
❤
Abadox is one of them.
One of my favorites was Ninja Crusaders.
When Scrooge had a better Terminator fight than the Terminator games
I believe one of the most overshadowed games ever, due to being released same day alongside 2 juggernauts on the system, is Faxanadu.
9:07 😳😳😳
Crystalis is the most underrated game on the NES. Great controls, story, weapons, abilities, and difficulty.
Monsters in my pocket!
Journey to Silius, has the best OST of any NES game of the era, also it was changed from a Terminator game and adapte to be a "Journey to Silius" to this day is the most underated NES game IMO, big fan James, best of wishes my friend.
I swear they have only gained like 8k subs since 2019
His outfit though.....
RC PRO AM!!! RC PRO AM!!  RC PRO AM!!!
Day one of asking James to review Swamp Thing on the NES
Tom and Jerry on the NES was fun
Love this content, keep it coming
❤
I absolutely loved the sequel, I played it with my son, and unfortunately he's not into it as much as I am
An incredibly underrated NES game and one of the best in the entire library, the Guardian Legend.
Rockin cats was my game
River City Ransom was a fun RPG. Hilarious too.
You can play DuckTales 2 on Xbox one, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and PC over on the Disney Afternoon collection
Was hoping the NES Bucky O'Hare game would get a mention :D
Nintendo are evil. If I want my retro fix (which I never do) I'll just dig up my rusty old Commodore 64.
Please review City connection for the NES please, trust me it’s a bad game.
I loved blaster master and platoon
Crystalis by SNK was one of my favorite
seems like ive heard about all these picks from other smaller gamer youtubers for years
Does this guy even lift
My husband always talks about this game called Wurm: Journey to the Center of the Earth. I never played it, but he apparently thought it was awesome.  Karnov is one I don't see many people discussing anymore.  I've seen a few people mention The Guardian Legend, a game starring a gynoid who turns into an attack vessel.  Legacy of the Wizard was a hard game. I never was able to beat it.  But for AVGN material, Mystery Quest, all the way. It's loathsome on every level.
play sonic frontiers
One of my favorite underrated game to play was Lost Vikings for the snes. If you haven't played it, u should def give it a shot. .
Could have sworn in ninja gaiden 3 Ryu can flip up from a platform he is hanging from
Hope you can do it on other game system or a sequel on nes games
Thanks for showing Rockin' Kats! It's always been my favorite NES game!
Snake rattle and roll
Roller Games was an AMAZING game. I played it so much as a kid.
Wizards and warriors  was always my favorite as a kid
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is amazing
Is this James on edibles or some medicinal herbs? Or just not drinking James?
I always thought Solstice was an under-rated game.
Rolling Thunder and Rolling Thunder 2 from Tengen
I don't know how popular it was, but I really loved this game called Super Mario Bros. 3!
commando, gunsmoke, snake rattle n roll
If you asked me to name 1 million games I thought AVGN would ever play, Honkai Star Whale is nowhere close to the list.
Bionic Command was my absolute favorite on the NES.
Sometimes i wonder if james buys a shitload of nes games and then makes these videos to resellem later
I am todays years old when I found out there was a Ducktails 2...I need to play this.
Awesomee
James Shatterhand...
Dude I love your videos awesome
I was a big fan of Golgo 13
These are games Mike Matei has streamed over the past week. I'm guessing Matei wrote the script as well as provided the footage.
vice project doom is like a future mel gibson lethal weapon movie
James flip your nes shelves over to straighten out the bowing.
Loved this episode, James. Five NES games I consider to be underrated are Kickle Cubicle, The Magic of Scheherezade, Codename: Viper, Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu, and Clash at Demonhead. Honorable mention to Guardian Legend, which isn't really underrated at this point since everyone now seems to agree it rules.
Thanks!
Even tho you mentioned it in this video Bionic Commando was always a favorite.
Oh man, Rockin' Cats is easily one of my fav NES titles! Thanks for including it, James!!
Star tropics
Does River City Ransom count as an overlooked game? I loved it when I had the NES as the only system available but it’s a hard game to find and tends to be expensive
One of my favorite NES games was Shatter Hand.
Game to look at zen intergalactic ninja.
Rocking Kat reminds me a LOT of Bart vs the space mutants !
Just thought of a hilarious game to review, Lone Soldier PS1
River City Ransom.  1990.  Not a cellphone in sight.  We were grinding and buffing with the most ridiculous password system on the NES just living in the moment.
In this expensive rpg))) true true)
Rockin kats is criminally underrated
I rented Rockin´ Kats back in the day, it was a pretty entertaining game but the gun-fist was kindof confusing to use.
No shadowrun?
XEXYZ  was a great game. I feel that was a game that was overshadowed. Growing up, I don't recall many people talking about that game.
A Boy and His Blob was great.
I've been waiting for your review on Renfeild. That seems like something we need your opinion on
Whomp'em
Wow. You got old. I didn't even realize this was you!
I love this video. Thank you, James for sitting with us and talking about NES games!
None of the games he picked were overshadowed.
Huge fan
Zoombie is a grat game.
A friend had 'Little Samson' when we were growing up. It's definetly one of my favourites for the nes
It’s not an obscure game but I LOVED Super Dodge Ball, the music slaps especially the Vs tune. 😊 It’s also wild to see how Atlas made Rockin’ Kats, and now produces and creates the most wild and mature RPGs out there! It’s awesome to see how games and companies continue to innovate.
Gargoyle's Quest 2
Please continue this series
This video is way better than any AVGN in recent years, please stick with this style James, its cozy and humble!
Ninja Gaiden arcade had the flip up and sideways I think it predates the nes game
Ya stick in ...there...
I’m gonna also recommend mother 1 and the three macventure games: deja vu, uninvited, and shadowgate. Definitely slower paced than a lot of the games in the video but no less great.
Thx James for this video. It was a pleasure to listen to you.
Nerd, please review *Indiana Jones & The Infernal Machine (N64).* We’re just weeks away from Indy 5, anyway.
I vote Metal Storm. I played this game back to front so much that it is muscle memory now. Great game and I'd love to see you cover it.
I liked playing Kun fu
Thank you for finally giving Rollergames the shout it deserves! I know it’s not Konami’s finest, but I still enjoy the game very much 30 years later! If you’re gonna do a part 2 to this vid may I suggest Solomon’s Key 2 aka Fire’n’Ice? It’s such a satisfying, clever and addictive puzzler that’s easy to lose yourself in, and it’s got a simple but catchy soundtrack too.
Ducktakes NES game was a blast too!
ive got an amega 500 nd lots of disks if u wanna talk bout it nd ive a mega drive (the uk version nd a master system) too
The guardian legend
No bump N jump or is that too mainstream for this list
These games weren't overshadowed. You just had to be there back in those days. Talking about it now you could say that was the case. But if you were a gamer back then its no different then the games of today.
I loved Vice Project Doom! I played and beat it many times as a kid. It's nice to see it getting some attention.
Has anyone else played Metal Marines on Nintendo?
Maniac mansion is one of my favorites.
Brilliant 😊
Да Джеймс,мы хотим больше такого контента,полностью поддерживаю👍
The Guardian Legend.
in Soviet Russia players played Ducktales 2, not Mario or Metroid and Zelda!
Faxanadu was a great game that nobody talks about.
The rollergames game was renamed as DJ boys for famicom in india
Hey James, don't be afraid to just have a chat with us.  I found this quite enjoyable.
its the Angry video game nerd
Imagine if he discovers Roblox
Power blade 2, Mighty Final Fight
Mission Impossible was one of those games I never knew how to play as a kid. 20+ years later I watched a walkthrough and saw there was so much more in the game. It still takes a lot of trial and error to work out how to disarm certain traps (like the flood that always killed me as a kid) but it is indeed doable.
Love this simple content James
Agreed. AVGN is one of a kind classic, but simple, calm content is best.
Felix the Cat!
Great new camera!
I just purchased your game nerd on the PlayStation store here in the UK must say its brilliant and funny ❤😂
LOL princess frogshit mayde laugh like more than id like to admit
My favourite nes game is "Samurai Pizza Cats".
Flying Warriors by Culture Brain was decent. It was a side scroller, a fighting game and a turn based rpg.
One of my favorite games I never hear anyone talk about on the NES is Captain Skyhawk
Kage and ducktales. Still among my favourite ones
The subdued video game nerd
Xexyz.  Weird name, cool side scrolling action game that mixes in auto scrolling shooters. One of my favorites as a kid.  Had some shops to buy upgrades, lots of fun ways to play. the NES Advantage was definitely the best controller for it  hough.
Cool
Speaking
Of DuckTales I heard that there’s a remake of DuckTales
that joke about konami made me fell so old haha
Kabuki Quantum fighter
Princess Frogshit....hahaha
River city ransom
Great reviews. It would be cool to see you transform into the nerd all of a sudden unexpectadly though, if you came across something messed up in a game haha
Smash tv.. now that was epic
Please do GALAXY 5000 the justice it deserves
Legacy of the Wizard. A game with a map so massive it makes the original Zelda map look like a grain of sand in the desert. 5 characters to play. Awesome music. Tons of upgrades. No one ever even mentions it.
Chip n Dale rescue rangers was a great game
Star tropics 💪💪💪
No Battletoads & Double Dragon?
It feels so long ago I'm starting to forget. '89 was 34 years ago.
I always enjoyed Guerilla War. Better than Ikari Warriors in my opinion.
I actually own vice, but my nes would play it.
Totally Rad, another understimated game😢
Krion Conquest, is a game more people should know about.
I am watching your content since 2006 and I love seeing Cinemassacre being back on track lately. The last videos you put out were the best in years.
Is this the Angry Video Game Nerd?
Good job by Mike Matei writing this episode ❤ Also good performance by James Rolfe reading his script 👍
Nice list, I had Shadow of the Ninja new as a kid awesome game.
So the polar opposite of who the Nerd is.  The anti-nerd
Bionic commando is one of the best games ever
You mentioned "Ring King" in passing, and at that moment, I thought: "Wait...*that* is the game I played so long ago!"  I played it on a Famicom, see, never knew the title, since it was in Japanese. I kinda liked the leveling up mechanics (putting points into Punch, Speed, or Stamina).  Thank you, sir. You've made this guy relive his happy childhood.
My favorite was always Super Dodge ball.  It's was somewhat well known but I think it's sequel, Super Valley Ball was less known.  Both great games and still holds up.  Would love a modern remake.
ree-oo
Please give a review of Brutal legend because that's shity game
Journey to Silius
Here's 10 games I believe are overshadowed (though I don't know other ppl irl who play old school video games, so maybe if I did I wouldn't think these are overshadowed...):  Metal Storm G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero Ufouria: The Saga: Fun House Gremlins 2: The New Batch The Lone Ranger The Bard's Tale Astyanax Mendel Palace Ghoul School
I have played 3 out of the 5 games you mentioned (haven't tried the first one or the last one) & all of them I consider good~really good games!
James Rolfe, you've done it again! This video on overlooked NES games is pure gold. Your knowledge and passion for retro gaming are unrivaled, and I love how you shed light on these hidden gems. It's refreshing to see someone dig deep into the NES library and highlight titles that often go unnoticed. Your insights and witty commentary make the video both informative and entertaining. Thanks for reminding us of the amazing games we may have missed. Keep up the great work, James! Can't wait for the next video!
I LIKE THIS SECTION. KEEP IT UP PLEASE. ( CAN I RECOMEND WIZARDS AND WARRIORS BY RARE?)
12:20 - Gyro Gearloose referring to Scrooge as "Uncle Scrooge" just isn't right.
I think Bucky O'Hare is underrated. Had 5 playable characters, each with their own special ability, and it was a great action platformer.
i'll give you a THUMBS UP till the day i die ! Love your stuff. You are a legend !
Zen intergalactic ninja, Nightshade, dragon spirit.
Honestly like this better than the current avgn content
Awesomeʘ‿ʘ
Flying Warriors was quite impressive for a NES back in the day
speaking of Friday the 13th, I love that game.
Why does this feel more like a classic nerd episode then the new ones do? Not to knock the new nerd videos but this style is so reminiscent of the classic nerd. Less yelling, more just discussing the game. Love to see it, will definitely love to watch more videos like this! Keep it up!
After watching the 2017 Ducktales I gotta say... Scrooge would slaughter a T-1000. He's a MACHINE himself!
KickMaster. No one ever talks about it.
My underrated NES game is Elevator Action!
You HAVE to do the Hulk for Sega made  by US Gold
I always loved BreakThru but nobody i know that had an NES knows what I am talking about.
2 games, 3 words ... River City Ransom. Super Dodge Ball. That's all I'll say lol
Faxanadu.
Vice Project Doom looks like it is doing something special with the colors and background tile animations. It’s all very impressive for NES, and I wonder what kind of tricks they had to pull to do it.
Rollergames = double dragon on skates 😂
Gun smoke on The Nes
Loved Crystalis, Clash at Demonhead, and Battle of Olympus.
Wow, Vice looks amazing 🤩 unbeliavable it is an original NES game.
"Mobil" lol
Really loving the latest videos nerd! Have you ever thought about going back, and maybe you've done this. But what about playing commodore 64 games and old dos games?
Kabuki quantum fighter
I'd love for you to talk about Gimmick! (or Mr. Gimmick in Scandinavia), it's complex AI, smooth graphics and extra sound chip.
Image Fight anyone?
Ty for doing this. Blue shadow..i love that game.. i think i still have that game on pal version. awesome games.  ty so much
I've always thought 3-D World Runner was overshadowed.  It was a really unique game (I guess maybe some Space Harrier elements) and adding the 3d glasses was a kind of fun gimmick.  It was the right level of difficult, where it wasn't impossibly challenging but enough so that it wasn't a walk in the park.  Karnov was another one that I don't see a lot of love for.
Hi, James. Love your content. What about Faxanadu?
Классные игры🎉
Crystalis
Kyatto Ninden Teyandee NES (Ninja Cat)
Never played NES games but I guess Lolo gets overshadowed.
와..   avgn이 가챠게임 광고하는걸 보는날이 올줄이야...
Great list! I was hoping to see Blaster Master on here, it's very overshadowed IMO.
Amazing video, make again with Genesis or SNES or other consoles.
Off topic, ever watch big man in Japan? They rip down a sega building! Check it out.
Fuaxanadu
For more videos like this!
My favorite obscure NES games were Bucky O'Hare, GI Joe (which was like an upgraded version of Contra), The Fist of the North Star (though it seems like no one liked that game except me) and the final NES game "Flintstones: surprise at dinosaur peak" - which might have been more fun if it did not involve the Flintstones
Puzznic was a great puzzle game. Easy to learn but hard to beat.
The Calm Video Game Lover
OVERSHADOWED Heavy Shreddin NES Open  The Rocketeer  Micro Machines Dusty Diamond
ultimate stuntman
ducktales 2: strider
We need more of these kinds of videos!
Startropics was always great it didn’t baby you but had lots of adventure.
this is a great video. I always listen to the simple videos with James.
The best NES game that is quickly written off and never talked about is Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom!
The Guardian Legend deserves more love
AVGN has lasted long enough to get to the “Genshin and Raid” Era.
A not-angry video game nerd???
I would love to see more content like this
100% agreed as far as Rollergames. I’m surprised that it never got a cult following like Monster Party
RESCUE  was my favorite game
Bro has been making the same “Intendo” video for 15 years.
Would really love to see you review FIREPOWER 2000 for snes!
Somehow I played all of them, kinda proud of myself rn.
I actually had a lot of fun with Eliminator Boat Duel as sa kid
More content like this would be so awesome!
Low g man was another great overlooked game
These videos from James, is always so comfy.  You make for a great angry nerd, but these little invites to see james, top comfy!
blaster master, gremlins 2 and rad gravity fer sure... excl vid yo!
Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers.
top secret episode was a great game that most haven't heard of.
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a way better game than it deserves to be.
Conquest of the crystal palace.
One man’s NES game is another mans treasure
Sad how Konami has fallen from grace. But it seems like theyre making a comeback lately.
I think Turtles 3, Little Nemo, Journey to Silius, Battle of Olympus and Ballon Fight should get more recognition.
Shin Jin the Ruler!!!
Samurai Pizza Cats
I've always loved 1943: The Battle of Midway. Loved the combat abilities and the upgrade options too. It's a great game to play.
I had Demon Sword on the NES back when it came out and I remember loving the gameplay so much. Dude could jump really high!
Overshadowed game - Totally Rad
Dude commando on nes  is pretty awesome it’s made by Capcom and it’s the run and gun action  that never goes wrong
You and caddicarus need to get in touch with each other.
I dont live in US so I dont know if it was popular or overshadowed there but for me its Monster in my pocket thats my most favorite game
Basically looks like ninja spirit for turbo grafx
Doki! Doki! Yuuenchi: Crazy Land Daisakusen  I remember me and my friend trying to finish this game until 3 in the morning..
9:08 wtf LOL
The guardian legend will always be on the top of my list
The fist in rockin kats came out of the gun, hence the accurate box art
That shelf needs some supports too😅
I always loved the game Bionic Commando. Fun game with a great soundtrack!
NES Boulderdash was the best port for me - best of the 8bits easily. Rock solid. Solar Jetman was a brilliant gravity shooter with super smooth 8 way scrolling and huge levels. And Dropzone was silky smooth and fast. All great NES games I don't hear too much about.
RVGN - Reasonable Video Game Nerd
Journey to Silias is such an under rated/overlooked game imo.
Xexyz
im glad vice was broght up i grew up with that game is hark as heck but really well made!
It's sad that some games like these and Zoda's Revenge isn't noticed because word couldn't get out like now.
Roo? He aint from Austrialia.
Kinda weird parts sounded like a walk through/sales pitch at times but whatever I'll watch anything James puts out. I don't even have it in me to play retro games anymore but I'll still watch him play, even if he's not getting angry.
Clash at demonhead, dejavu, crystalis
Crystalis was always one of my absolute favorite games
Some overlooked titles for those looking.  Honorable Mention - North & South, Totally Rad 10.) Metal Storm 9.) Kabuki Quantum Fighter 8.) KickMaster 7.) Shatterhand 6.) Power Blade 1 & 2 5.) Whomp ‘Em 4.) Gremlins 2: The New Batch 3.) Crystalis 2.) The Guardian Legend 1.) Bucky O’Hare  To me games like Batman, Little Samson, Little Nemo, and both G.I. Joe NES games are too well known about to be considered overlooked.
"Thank you for your coming."😂
Gremlins 2 was a great one
Great content. You look great too buddy!
Will wait for part 2 and so on. I hope James will show us more amazing titles that we forgot in these years ^^
We want James and Mike Mondays!
So glad to see Mike Matei's hand in this....he and James are the BEST team
The second tiny toons games never gets talked about either.
I need more of this❤
Crystallis is one of the best games on the NES - it's an awesome action RPG right up there with classics like Zelda and Final Fantasy. If you have Nintendo Switch Online, you have no excuse to not play it.
I watched Mike stream Vice:Project Doom and it is one of the best looking NES games. It’s amazing what the programmers were pulling off with that one.
Journey to Silius
I totally loved Rockin’ Katz. I rented it like 20 times. Ducktales 2 was also pretty rad
Just wanted to say James, I love your content and have been following for years and especially love that you do movies as well!
When you said overshadowed I immediately thought of Rygar 🙂
Iron sword, crash n the boys, holy diver, hello kitty, willow, the nes actually has the 2nd best library second to SNES imo and there are moar games I can't think of off the top of my head. Nice video
Faxanadu.   A personal favorite was also Destination: Earthstar.  At least the cockpit mode.    I always GameGenied the scrolling sections.
Bomberman.  Star tropics
Kickmaster!!!
Wall Street Kid.
For me Platoon is a hiden gem . Beated  a couple of times I always re visit the game. Amaze me how combines plataform action, rpg and also a 3D stage like fps
I'm not sure how popular P.O.W. is but that was one of my all time favorites for NES. The graphics, soundtrack and gameplay are great.
You are such a tool
Clash At Demonhead and Rescue The Embassy Mission are my two awesome overshadowed games of the NES.
I remember seeing Shadow of the Ninja, and V.I.C.E Project Doom in a Nintendo Power issue I think..
Little Samson, kick master, moon crystal, dragon fighter, oanic restaurant, palamedes, f1 built to win... So many titles
I have been watching since the days of The Angry Nintendo Nerd and I have and always will love your videos!!! Thank you so much James!!!
I remember renting Rockin' Kats as a kid. Long after I forgot the name of the game, I remembered the music. I instantly recognized it, so thank you for this little reminder.
Great video
Kabuki Quantum Fighter
Astyanax
Man from the South of Italy i must say: you are awesome 💪🔥❤
Little Nemo was amazing
Micro Machines.
9:07 - Nice BJ reference from Ring King
shadow of ninja was AMAZING  as a 10yo
What's are your thoughts on the gauntlet game for the Nintendo
Arch Rivals, Guerilla War (like Ikari Warriors but faster paced, more colorful and more fun), Cobra Command, Pro Wrestling (better with a 2nd player rather than computer opponent in my opinion).
Gun nac was one of my favourite games growing up
Magic of Scheherazade Baseball Stars Tecmo Super Bowl Clash at Demonhead
A bit disappointed by James' take on Rollergames. He did not mention one of the crucial features - that there are three unique characters, each with their own super move and slightly different physics. He did quickly mention the variable levels, but I feel he didn't show many of the very spectacular views. In general, I very highly recommend this game.
7:20 It was also done in Golgo-13 but that game was roughly half side-scroller, half first person shooter/maze game.
I am honestly amazed to see someone else who remembers and enjoyed Roller Games. I suppose that I should have give James more Nerd Cred. That should have gone without saying at this point.
I played tons of Ducktales 2 back in the day. Still own it, manual, box and all :)
I would watch this, but I have to be home by 5 o'clock
the good ol days of the nes, glad to see life force there, something courious that used to happend back then is that some games the sequel was something very different from the first game, super mario 2 is a good example, castlevania 2, zelda 2, etc, a game so weird yet great was leyend of the guardian a mix between a top down shooter  and zelda.
Spy vs. Spy was overshadowed imao.
Legacy of the Wizard is my pick.
4:09 totally sounds like the Twisted Metal 3 death scream.
DuckTales 2 is on The Disney Afternoon Collection.
I think Guardian Legend is underrated
Oh man, Shadow of the ninja is that good. Multiplayer ninja gaiden.  Also :  Faxanadu and legacy of the wizard
Rescue: The Embassy Mission. It's like Rainbow Six for the NES, it's definitely short, but I tend to replay it over and over trying to get the best rank on the harder difficulties.
Solar Jetman, Snake Rattle n Roll, Little Nemo
Most overlooked game? Tetris. Not even close. That game is a master's masterpiece.
James just gave up and started using "Ru" instead of "Ryu" lol In all seriousness, great video, man! ^w^
Shatterhand on nes
Mike just played all these games not that long ago.
I nominate Wai Wai World 2. It roughly plays like a Mario 3 clone, with levels, characters and mini games from all sorts of Konami games. Some of the best graphics and music on the Famicom. BTW, you look better today than nearly 20 years ago!
Biker mice from Mars was awesome and I haven’t met anyone else who loved that game as much as I did.
I love this episode. Its simple and great. If u ever tired of avgn. You can be successful with this.
Does anyone remember the name of the game where ur in a ship that's also in a mech suit? its on sega Genesis
I love NES. Even Bad Dudes is fun if you can just laugh at it!
Hmm...as for obscure but pretty neat NES games, Magician by Eurocom is one I can think of. Also has one of the most fantastic soundtracks on the system ever made imo, really impressive stuff.
I think Infiltrator on NES is pretty good
Whomp Em was pretty rad
Please learn the pronounciation of Ryu.
1:53 "But can Ryu flip up and down like this? No he can't"  Of course he can. He just choses to never actually do it :P
Life Force was great
Solar jet man was one of my all time favorites,
I know this vid is about NES, but I cant believe that you havent spoken about the SNES game Demon´s Crest, a fabulous game which is overshadowed
I consider this a classic AVGN video
I really enjoyed Playing The Bards Tale and Faxanadu
I always loved Abbadox. Very Geiger in stage design and tough as nails to play... which is why I always remembered:  AA Up BB Down ABB Start (at title screen).
Amazing video! I'm a NES fan (fav console. SO MANY GREAT GAMES!) for decades and this is indeed a great list of games hardly anyone talks about. I would recommend: Panic Restaurant, Kickle Cubicle, Kid Dracula and I think everyone knows Star Tropics.
Adventure Island 3 is one of my favorites.
Rush’n Attack Adventure Island Rainbow Island: The story of Bubble Bobble 2 Moai Kun Kamen no Ninja: Akakage
I loved RollerGames when growing up... There were 3 different characters to choose from in the beginning, each with different advantages and disadvantages.
Shadow of the Ninja is still the game I’ve completed more times than any other game in my entire life. Absolutely loved it.
Faxandu was a hidden NES gem. Great RPG game, but kinda hard at parts. Much more playable with save states.
Rockin' Kats reminds me of Disney games like Chip & Dale.
Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers 2 is also a great game nobody talks about, probably because it had come out too late.
Faxanadu was always one of my favorites and seems to be somewhat obscure.
9:10 boss is just Judas Priest
Flintstones 2: Surprise at the Dinosaur Peak. A rather good game! There's a game better than Ducktales 2, it's Chip and Dale 2. It has great visuals, nice cutcenes and a final boss is more epic than the first game. A few Famicom-only games. Kyattou Ninden Teyandee, you can call it Samurai Pizza Cats or Ninja Cat. It has lots of cutscenes like Ninja Gaiden, but with comedy vibes.  Also Robocco Wars. Rather weird game, but has great music, every stage and boss has their own theme, so it makes every stage and boss feel memorable. Plus the game switches play styles between platformer as a robot and a scroll shooter as either plane or submarine.
1:17 That sagged shelf driving me nuts. 😤
Can you please make a angry video game nerd video over the game resident evil operation raccoon city. It’s over a decade old now and is hated by most residents evil fans.
I used to play "Snow Brothers" with my cousins. Great game, wish I still had the cartridge.
Was so hoping for Crystalis
Those Games Look Like 'CONTRA' "Knock-Offs".🤔
"Tiger·Heli" *NEVER* Ends!
Journey to Silius, Bucky O'hare, The Lone Ranger, and Gremlins 2 come ro mind.  Jackal is probably my favorite co-op game on the NES.
Rollergames was good, but damn it was hard.
Favorite games from the NES Era were Metal Storm and Little Nemo
I loved the Master Blaster games
Life-force, Ninja Gaiden, Bionic Commando, Little Nemo Adventures in Slumberland
Little Samson is a great classic!
I had rollergames and it was cool!!
Bionic commander was one of the greatest games.  I played that game so many times.  Music was intense.
I forgot ever playing Rollergames, now i remember how much i hated it 😅
Epic gaming
GI Joe was a fantastic game.  Micro machines too
I find the original Dragon Warrior very relaxing.
Super Dodgeball was one of the best games for the NES
My contribution to this list is Zen, the mistical ninja. I don't know how much overshadowed was in the past, but I remember playing it when it was released and it is a fantastic game
Comfy
I think "The Ultimate Stuntman" (1993, by Codemasters) is overshadowed. I really liked that game, although it's hard. There are several types of gameplays (platform shooter, vehicles driving, puzzles for demining bombs...) and the bosses characters are cool too (Mega Slug, lol!).
Dude, your editing is normally stellar, but this one just failed on so many levels.
The Guardian Legend was amazing aswell.
Your nintendo collection should have blown up 😊
2:38 James sneaks a game in the list just had to include
A video by James and Mike!!!!
I still can't believe you haven't done a video on GI Joe for NES after all these years
Great video thank you
Startropics2  Pinball  Balloon Fighters
Blaster Master, Air Fortress, Milon's Secret Castle
River city ransom
Always thought Kickmaster on NES was underrated , rarely hear people talking about that one .
I've got that same blanket on my couch!!!
captain skyhawk was a fun one that I logged a lot of hours on
You lost me at Turn Based
i return after years and you're praising games now!?
While drinking Rolling Rock?
code name viper and bad dudes were two of my favorites
Dang
Goonies ll is in a class all of it's own!
Dragon Warrior
It sounds like he's saying "Chado of the Ninja".
The original Shadowgate for NES was awesome for a point and click game. Loved it. Should be on the list.
The sagging shelves in the background remind me of the video rental stores I used to frequent
James looks like he is a gulf war vet
we need AVGN the kings of kings , flight to egypt"
I'm still after all those years waiting for the Amiga 500 episode :)
HEY! Immortal was ok...
Gorilla is not last boss on rocking katz???
Kid Niki: Radical Ninja (1987)
ATLUS, nice - they went on to make some awesome games.
StarTropics 2 is way underrated
9:40 Who would say that Atlus will go from making such an infamous game like Friday the 13th to iconic Game Series like Persona
i got jumpscared by hearing the words "genshin impact hoyoverse" coming out of james' mouth
Nice....more of this kind of video will be appreciated....  James does what he can best.....  Here are some my NES Favorites, no one talks about:  - Startropics  - Little Nemo, the Dream Master (great Music as Well) - Maniac Mansion
The Guardian Legend. It's soooo amazing.
Bayou billy
Thanks, just started VICE on the switch online.
Borrowed the Blue Ninja from a classmate back in the day, played it through and returned it the next day. The classmate had never played it through. :)
Shadowgate is one of my favorites.
How can you even talk about overshadowed or underrated NES games without Little Samson?
Rescue: The Embassy Mission was one of my favorites growing up. I've never heard anyone mention it besides me and my dad, but it was a solid game.
Back in the day I always liked playing Mighty Bomb Jack, Wizards and Warriors, and also got a kick out of 3D World Runner
Kickmaster.
Of course a few of these are expensive.
How about Robowarrior? It seems to be a bit of forgotten these days. I enjoyed it a lot back in the day!
Is Tommy Lee Jones on the cover of Rollergames? 😂
does star rail have the "Officia AVGN Approved" -Qualirt seal?
I played all of these, the  ninja game had a different name in Europe
Oh man. A show about James Rolfe being James Rolfe?? Sign me up!
Conquest of the Crystal Palace!- Kabuki Quantum Fighter!- Kick Master!- Best of the Best!!- Captain Skyhawk :) <3
Little Samson, one of the best on the NES
Kickle Cubicle is underrated
Love the video, please do more videos like this one. Like once in a month could be cool
I really love videos like this - it's fascinating to hear you leverage your familiarity with these libraries to highlight some hidden gems.
I'm disappointed that I never hear about one of my favorite NES games ever, Snake Rattle and Roll. An amazing game with awesome music.
I totally love a simple game review like this, without antics and screaming.  It's simple, it's well made, it's relaxing and intelligent.
I know you've mentioned it before, but Crystalis is definitely the overshadowed game for me.  I never head anyone talk about it in school back in the day or reference it until recently.
I remember playing RollerGames, never got too far hahah
Zen - Intergalactic ninja tru hidden gem
Rollergames is realy nostalgic for me.
1:57 Yass! You can do that in the Sega Master System version of Ninja Gaiden!
7:14 The infamous Bayou Billy!
Super Dodgeball and ninja pizza cats are my favorites from nes
Karnov
Low G man is an absolute gem on the NES
River City Ransom.
Guardian Legend. And it’s literally my favorite NES game.
somehow I thought you´d cover YO!noid xD
DuckTales 2's music being so inferior kills it for me.
Solstice is one of the overlooked games
Awesome video, James! These are the type of videos I love from you. Keep up the great work, man!
North and South is a hidden gem. Very fun two players.
Idk if they count as underrated, but I have a few: Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle, Capcom Gold Medal Challenge, Micro Machines, Monopoly, NES Open, and Pinball, to name a few.
i love u nerd!
There was a Ducktales 2?? :O
Big "Ultimate Stuntman" vibes from "Project Doom".
ooo I remember playing that ALOT :)
I wanna know your thoughts on elden ring
nice
Must be from where I live, but I was under the impression that ducktales 2 was the most popular, also considered one of the best games for nintendo, not overshadowed at all.
Marble madness and snake rattle n roll
That James has received backlash of any kind over content is ridiculous.  He's a person who's evolving as he gets older.  I think he's a true pioneer of YouTube who, regardless of what iteration of him your getting, is always entertaining.
I rarely hear anyone talk about Faxanadu, Guerilla War, or Journey to Silius.  I still play those once in while.
Nice video, would love to see more like this where you talk about lesser known great games that could get more love
Conglaturation always cracks me up. The top ten worst endings is my favourite episode to date.
DuckTales 2 is in my Top 100 NES games ❤️
Literally clicked on this wondering if Rollergames would be in it 😂 cracking game
Princess Toadstool didn't become "Princess Peach" until the N64 debut title, _Super Mario 64._  Even in _Super Mario World_ and other games on the SNES, she was Toadstool.
Rockin Kats was one of my favorite games as a kid. Though i never managed to beat the "post game" till a couple years ago.
james is great, but that would be way more awesome & hilarious if nerd review it
Freedom Force and Street Fighter: 2010
T&C 2 Thrilla's Surfari on nes is over shadowed.
Code Name Viper is another decent game that got overlooked
I really enjoyed indiana jones temple of doom though lots of people hate it. RBI baseball 2 is also a personal favourite
Dude, this was perfect. Thank you for sharing your insight.
There was Robin Hood: prince of thieves on the NES which absolutely blew me away with it's RPG style mixed with tough as nails combat. Never heard any of my pals talk about it, but I figure it wasn't as obscure as these ones. I wonder what the Nerd has to say about it. And I'm gonna say this: Ducktales 1 & 2 were my VIBE back in the day, I adored them so much! Great video as always and I'll se you on the next one!
2 of my favorite sports games were Tecmo Bowl and Blades of steel.
I have roller games but still need to own the others you mentioned.
Ngl Honkai hits hard
6:11  I somehow know Vice: Project Doom was going to be mentioned. Such an underrated game
I like Shatterhand for NES
Power Blade was one of my favourite NES games
Zen ninja game or something like that, and you need to review "The 'New' Ghostbusters 2"
Willow was awesome 👌
I liked Bucky O'Hare and TMNT III, The Manhattan Project. Both awesome underrated games. Rescue Rangers 2 deserves a mention like Mega Man 6.
The lone ranger and gradius.
Nobody talks about Arkistas Ring and I loved that game.
Ninja hattori i think not many people played this
Crystalis is My favorite Hidden Gem!!!!!! I love the Exploration and the Combat Aspects that are similar to Legend of Zelda but are much Smoother and Faster!!!!!!
Love it
Low G Man
Man you gotta bring back the intro song it's epic even after hearing it a million times hahaha
Shatterhand needs more love. Metal Storm is a diamond in the rough, too.
Dragon spirit.  And there was another ninja game where you turned into different animals depending on what weapon you had, but I forget the name of that one.  Monster party, but I think you've covered that one before.
Idk if its underrated or not, but i always like Rygar andnever har anyone talk aout it
The one game looks almost exactly like ninja gaiden birds and all
Dude!! More of these videos, please.  And... The Star Tropics series was my favorite!!!
As soon as you said Rygar I subscribed 😂
Some of the Kunio-Kun (River City Ransom) series never got the play they deserved over here.
Gunsmoke is completely underrated. Replay value is infinite
I played a bunch of Nintendo games as a kid but my friends weren’t as in to Nintendo as much as I. So, it’s hard for me to qualify what games are known or unknown. That being said, a game I don’t hear much about is Legacy of the Wizard. I enjoyed playing all the different characters with their special abilities.
Crystalis so underrated
twin cobra, battletoads & doubledragon, Jackal, Solomon's Key are all uncommon games i still enjoy today
@jamesnintendonerd, Rollergames had 3 playable characters.
Rollergames (the NES game) was amazing. Beat it multiple times.
This was a great Mike Matei Video, Thanks Mike
I wish The Guardian Legend was on this list.  It's in my top 5 for the system, and I grew up with the NES.
The European version of Ghostbusters 2 which is way better than what we got in the states
The gun on the Rockin' Kats cover, it's where he shoots the boxing glove out of. Never seen the toy or cartoons it's based on?
I loved Conra Triangle.
11:30 the box art is correct, because he has a gun in his hand when you do his fist move he has a gun in his hand and the fist comes out of the gun.
What about Zen Ninja?
This guy should review pizza tower
XEXYZ ! This space based game where you explore multiple alien worlds truly ignited my imagination as a kid. A fantastically fun game to boot.
Rollergames was awesome. I usually played with the female character, the Hot Flash team cause she was a bit faster and could jump a bit better than the big guy you show in the video. Tough game.
Battle of olympus, Crystalis, Bucky ohare, the guardian legend and marble madness
Vice Project Doom is a TOP 50 NES games.
does "the code" work on Rollergames?
So nice of james bringing exposure to Mike playthrough and opinions ☺️
Vice: project doom is available on NES switch online in case anyone’s curious
Can you imagine trying to beat ninja gaiden on a flip phone
There's a Japan-only game called "Captain Tsubasa" an its sequel "Captain Tsubasa Vol. II" for SNES. A soccer simulator games based on a popular Manga/anime of the same name. The neat part is that it is not a simple Soccer game sim, but an RPG of sorts, characters have their stats and dribling/shooting is based on their special skills, a shame it never came out in english but it is absolutely playable if you learn the simple commands and what they are. It's really impresive seeing how imaginative devs were to convey the feeling of the series, not just create a license game.
Kabuki Quatum Fighter
Rollerblading thru a forrest? Sounds like fun
I have a feeling that James have been uploading new AVGN episodes every couple months. Why?
I like this.   Seems like james is back in control of what he wants to do.   Even if he gets Ryu's name wrong with both attemps at pronunciation despite doing a whole bit on it years ago lol
Where's Super Schindler's List 3D?
Hearing James say "Genshin Impact" is quite surreal
Wario Woods is an amazing puzzle game for the NES nobody talks about, I´ve beaten each of its 256 levels so I can confirm this.
I'm digging the jirt
GI:JOE was always a favorite of mine that I don't see mentioned as much as it deserved. I think it could be a top 10 game.
Do one on "Captain Skyhawk"
Action52 is the most underrated game.
no Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde??
Mike Matei played those game recently on Twitch it's nice to see he still collab with James 😊
Thank you sir for such a lovely video. I was luck I have played the most of those games in that far days, and I definitely agree they are so nice. And even now, when so many years have passed I have to say thay are not become worse, they just gold classic.
Plot twist these games are all upcoming avgn episodes
Faxanadu! It's got some password pissery, and at least one part with a where the f do I go now element, but I really liked it overall.
BIONIC MOTHERFUKKING COMMANDO!
Really? No Shatterhand or Guardian Legend? *tsk tsk tsk*
Ooh would love your take on Battle of Olympus. Or Nintendo World Cup. Not terribly unheard of of course but utter gems
Gyruss by Ultra (konami)... a space shooter very addictive...
Shadowgate and kickle cubicle are both amazing underrated games you should review.
Now these are the kinds of videos that I miss from this Channel and hope that James continue to do more of. Hopefully he incorporates Mike matei into these types of videos as well!
Very neat list, i wasnt aware of these games but i'm certainly gonna play them!
There’s something so cursed about hearing James say Genshin Impact.
Easy angry videogame nerd
Make videos forever
I love you Angry Video Game Nerd watching one of your videos right now
I’d like to see James do more Atlus game reviews, none of the big YouTubers ever talk about some of the OG SMT games other than Persona
The new YouTube Guidelines has toned him down to just "nerd" now?
Rockin kats!!!!
Totally rad was fun game
captain sky hawk marble madness  rad racer 2
"From the creators of Genshin Impact." Does that mean Miyamoto?
I dont think many casual nes players know about The Guardian Legend. I think that was just about the best NES title.
Thanks for giving vice project doom some love! I also love the NES game Metal Storm which is also severely underrated!
Crystalis - absolute  best one
Rollergames looks like double dragon on skates
Rockin Cats😍
Trog! might not be a stellar game, but me and my brothers certainly enjoyed playing the two player mode.
What game ending was, "Thank you for your coming" 😅
The cat in Rocking Cats actually has a gun with a springloaded glove, so the boxart makes absolute sense.
Rockin' Kats was pretty fun.  I'm so glad I rented it.😊
"Rockin' Kats" - that monkey is NOT a final boss. There's way more ahead (including post-credit level with all upgrades stripped away). ATLUS is owned by SEGA now, so it's not on any Nintendo service.
Thanks for this video. Informative and enjoyable! I love hidden gems. I am going to look these games up.
Jackie Chan Action Kung Fu! Best NES game ever 😊
I would love to see you review the Kemco - Seika games Uninvited, Shadowgate, and Dejavu. I found those games when I was little and they were so far off from the normal NES games I was playing as a kid. It turned out they were some of my favorite games! They recently did a remastered Shadowgate which really brought me back:)
"Rush'n Attack" was one of my favorite games, my father bought some cheap games and that came in the middle. I still have goosebumps when I listen the soundtrack.
Rollergames' final boss has the special moves of all 3 player characters, you only mentioned the fatty.
Golgo 13
I always enjoyed Code Name: Viper as a kid.
Have fond memories of this lil game called Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu on the NES!! A true gem that not many people talk about but well worth the play through!! 🙌🏽
My go-to overlooked NES game is definitely Astyanax. Great music, simple fantasy story, a little difficult but not too much.
This reeks of something screen wave wrote for you...
Legendary.  Wings.
nice games ! .. about Overshadowed games Captain Tsubasa Vol. II: Super Striker .. is so Overshadowed and needs some love
The Lolo trilogy, Gyrus, and Super Dodgeball are all great
Zanac is still the best.
Monsters in my pocket
Forgot all about project doom
James, do Legacy of the Wizard
uhm... those NES shelves are really bending there James.
Thanks to Matei for the help!
Rocking Cats has a hard lvl after credits, where they take all your upgrades. And its kinda hard, cause you need to know the way of the boxing glove.
Rockin' Kats has a real dynamite headdy vibe
GI Joe Never gets mentioned in these hidden gem style NES videos. It's a shame because that is one of the deepest games on the NES and has such great replay value.
Mighty Final Fight on nes
Wooo... whoah... wow. That arcade version of _RollerGames_ could really f*ck up your eyesight. Ô_o
Low-G Man, graphics were kind of bad but gameplay was pretty cool, you fight machines with a staff and if you hit them right you can take them over and ride them
Bases Loaded 3 Jaleco
Snake rattle and Roll is one is really weird, but really funny too. Other I like a lot is Solstice. But this is a really hard game, full of misdirections inside the maze.
Low G Man is tragically underrated
That cupboard looks like it's about to break.
Honkai StarRail is literally just Genshin Impact with a new skin and slightly tweaked story.
Regular James is a fine James.
i played almost everyone of these games and i agree...pretty underrated stuff
You missed The Guardian Legend. It is a Sci-fi Legend of Zelda that is very addicting to play. SImilar to VICE, it starts with a vertical space shooter, then it becomes a top-view labyrinth-style exploration game. It's a very cool game and is considered a hidden gem in the NES library.
You can create espidoes about underrated SNES and Genesis games
Marble Madness or even that River City-like game where they are involved in an epic Race all over Tokyo. (They even race into people's houses and the background involves the residents being confused at what is going on)  Those games on the NES/Famicom are well worth a play.
love DT1 and never heared of DT2 until today. now I want to play it :/ thanks for sharing
Dr jekyll and mr hyde was the best nes game to date.
i would love to see more videos like this. thankyou!
Vice Project Doom is awesome
Crash N the Boyz street challenge is one that's misunderstood it just takes practice and the right items for the right events and  Rainbow Islands on the nes are overshadowed/Underrated
Blades of steel was one I loved that I thought was a great two player game.
Little samson
Rockin Kats was seriously awesome. I actually had it as a kid and beat it several times, it was one of my favorites.
World Runner 3-D. If you can find it. Thank you for this. Cheers.
I really enjoyed “Code Name: Viper” as a kid.
Rollergames was awesome!
Mr. Gimmick! Great video, Lord Jamesly of Rolfe!
Rockin' Kats is one of my go-to casual play games. If I'm in the mood for some NES, I'll always return to it.
You forgot to mention princess Daisy from the live action Super Mario Brothers movie with Bob Hoskins & John Leguizamo. That's another different princess than Peach, being Luigi's potential girlfriend. Bob Hoskins actually hated playing as Mario though.
Journey To Silius
Yonoid game
The Guardian Legend is the best underrated NES game Imo.
Trog. Any old school NES player will know about Trog.
Great video, James. More videos like this for other consoles would be great. I always like to hear about hidden gems I missed out on back in the day.
Thank god Mike Matei played these games within the last few months and still shadows for this channel. Does James even play games anymore? lmao
Love the content, can’t wait for more of this type of classic content man it’s fantastic! 😊🎉🎉
Shadowgate is one of the most stand-out to me -- it was like a point and click adventure game from the PC but on the NES.
Faxanadu and Trojan come to mind…
Captain Skyhawk
Willow is underrated and awesome!
Nice one, James. I also have a similar tattoo, stencil style dragon. Fun times!
Number 20 on Trending!
River City Ransom and Super Dodge Ball, Technos Japan was killing it!
Gun Nac is a gem!
North and South, Maniac Mansion, Abadox, Dragon Warrior 1-4
I love to watch you roast videogames
The Mafat Conspiracy : Golgo 13 for the nes is a great game 🎮🕹👍🏻 you should check it out too 🙌🏻
gotta love a new installment of Appreciative Video Game Nerd
I remember a circus game with only 4 stages or so, that came in a bundle with like 20 other games in the same cartridge. That was fun, I think there was bomber man too. I played those games over and over. Thinking about it they might have been imported cartridges or something because they were not gray. Do you know of these games?
Faxanadu! I've never seen you talk about this game (maybe i missed it). I'd love to here your take. A Nerd episode on that would be a dream!
I always had a blast playing Rad Racer 2!
it's always nice to listen to James talking about stuff he enjoys, just himself. Literally like listening to your dad or uncle. Great vibes.
Has james played Infernax?
Great! I love the nerd, but I might love hearing James cover stuff like this just as much. Thanks for covering these games!
Monster in My Pocket, Kickmaster, Shadowgate
GVGN (Gentile Video Game Nerd)
Crystalis should have gotten more love
I loved legendary wings as a kid and as an adult I think it’s a gem.
SwordMaster
Common James W
Its so insane how far gaming has come.
Was really hoping you were going to mention T&C Games 2: Thrilla's Surfari
Basewars was definitely underrated
The Guardian Legend. My favorite NES game.
The NES port of 'Rolling Thunder' was an enjoyable game, if memory serves. It was also quite difficult.  Blaster Master was the same way for me, albeit it's somewhat more well known. There was also Cobra Triangle- which seemed like a mashup of several games and is essentially Spy hunter- if the entire game was the boat section.  Astyanax is another one. I traded a classmate in grade school to borrow this for a while and I got absolutely hooked. I remember I was able to beat it before bringing it back and he thought I was making it up but I took photos... too bad I had to wait for them to be developed lol.  Seeing others mention 'desert commander' and 'G.I. Joe' unlocked memories of playing those games too. There were so many titles on NES that I don't doubt that I've forgotten more than I'll remember.
One game I rarely, if ever hear anyone talk about is Air Fortress.
Crystalis was always a lost an hidden gem of a game, sadly no sequels were ever made.. but it is on the switch!
Great stuff
Tiny toons 2 ducktales 2 y los picapiedras 2!  22222222222
This episode was phenomenal. I loved it. I hope you make more like this. Stay true to yourself James!
Guardian Legend
Always had fun playing Snake rattle and roll
dear james how was the punisher games? ljn?
Don't make fun of Eliminater Boat Duel!!
@5:02 TATSUMAKI!!!
Metal Storm all the way.
Hi James.
Rollergames is amazing. One of my favorites as a kid, and I didn't know anyone else that knew it or owned it. Truly underrated.
Wizards and warriors
Id love to see your take on the old NES game Iron Sword.
Shatterhand is absolutely amazing.
my hidden gem is Dragon Fighter. how could you go wrong with Natsume? I love challenging platformers and shmups in general.
1:16
10:12 what?
Lode Runner
The spring fist comes out of the gun.
Thank you for this video. Is like I have 5 new games to play. Thanks!
rampart is the best multiplayer game on the NES!
Dragster way under rated on the 2600
7:14 I can think of one off the top of my head: Robocop 2 has bonus levels that are FPS.
James this video was a BLAST to watch!! Loved every moment of it and absolutely loved your choices as I’ve played and beaten all of the games you mentioned and I couldn’t agree more! All of the games are wonderful and the only one I don’t own presently is Rockin’ Kats and you’re making me want to play it again! 😉👍
I got an idea for you James. Do a Angry Video Game Nerd episode on Tabletop Arcade Games (coleco, game & watch, etc) *those games behind his head*
Where is Low-g Man?
Over Shadowed of the Ninja Gaiden
Power Blade!
Two games that I really enjoyed but never see anyone talk about are RC Pro-Am 2 and Formula One: Built to Win. RC Pro-Am 2 was a 4 player game that was loads of fun to play. It had either 32 or 36 races before it ended, but it was a blast. I never did get to play it with 3 or 4 players, though.  Formula One: Built to Win was like Rad Racer with a career mode. It had that same behind-the-car perspective, but you started out with a Mini Cooper. You'd win races, earn money and upgrade the car (better engine, brakes, tires, body, bumpers) and eventually you could get a new car. You'd move up to a Vector W2, a Ferrari F40, then eventually you'd get a license to race a Formula One car. This game was a ton of fun and I'd love to see more people talking about it. It truly is a gem and I think it's one of the best NES games ever made.
WURM: Journey to the Center of the Earth
Glad to see Rollergames get some love for once!  Indeed one of the best beat em ups that hardly gets acknowledged.  The game has brutal difficulty but with infinite continues and persistence it can be done 😎
Snow brothers was one of my favorite NES games growing up. I dont really hear people mention much
I played the flintstones game a lot as a kid.  Never see or hear anything about that. Is it overlooked or just bad? Either way, it is worthy of a look by James:)
"Stick in there" heh
Nice episode, but... i couldn't help to notice the shelf in the background the left one is bending a little, thats a very old furnishing, maybe you can fix it before it break and compromise your collection, i have been watching AVGN for ages now, i salute you from Venezuela.
would love to hear James talk about Mother 1 someday, it really deserves some spotlight  :>
shatterhand is underrated as f
Kickmaster. Soo underrated.
One game that I loved as a kid, (and to this day, no else I’ve ever talked to about it had no idea it even existed before I brought it up), was Dragon Spirit: The New Legend.
Please review the tetris game
Boat duel is the best simulator btw
Gun Dec is One os The best NES games ever. Hey, nerd, please do a AVGN Yo Noid Episode.
More content like this! It's so chill, informative and fun!
I always thought the NES G.I. Joe was a hidden gem, because I rarely see it on top 10 lists for any categories. The team selection, boss fights, and music will always stick with me.
Apart from the really popular the following ones are the ones I remember somewhat fondly: Street Gangs Kirby's Adventure Venice Beach Volley Ball Rescue Rangers  Not exactly hidden gems.
XEXYZ was one of my favorites.
Guardian legend is fantastic
i like 8bit graphics aka 16bit games.. 8bit games have like only 4bit graphics..
I love those kinds of videos! They ain't just fun, but also I get to learn about new cool games!
Gogol13
Had Rollergames as a kid and it was easily one of my favorite dark horses, along with Magic of Scheherezade.
Atlus went from Friday the 13th to Rockin’ Cats long before a certain series that was a license to print money? I’ve gotta admit, I never saw it coming.
It's like Grape Ape, but not grape coloured.
Dragon Spirit on NES is an awesome game I rarely see mentioned, and it has some of the best music I've ever heard on the system.
Metal Storm
1. Little nemo: the dream master,  2. Monster Party
blaster master stuck with me and haunted me as a kid...the newer ones didn't develop as darkly as my little kid brain would have imagined
Startropics and to a lesser extent Startropics 2 are some of the best gamesbon the NES and i never hear anybody talking about them
Rip
I think Zen: Intergalactic Ninja was an overshadowed game. I would play this game a lot as a kid and loved every moment of it.
L'Emperour is a cool Napoleon Strategy game
Y'know; PS1, PS2, Xbox, GameCube, and Wii are all considered Retro Consoles/Games now? 😂  So, may we get some AVGN episodes on some of those consoles? 😊
It’s not an obscure game but I LOVED Super Dodge Ball, the music slaps especially the Vs tune. 😊 It’s also wild to see how Atlas made Rockin’ Kats, and now produces and creates the most wild and mature RPGs out there! It’s awesome to see how games and companies continue to innovate and evolve. 😂😊
Felix the Cat is my favorite less-talked-about NES game. It's a fun, Mario-style platformer with cool power-ups.
Love James talking to a camera about anything
The Nerd can start doing video of top rare things in videogames like the ring king in this video. I love the NERD
play Arabian please
I loved the NES version of Metal Gear was very fun.
so you found jesus?
Trojan
Heavy Barrel for the NES is so overlooked that I've never even heard of someone mentioning it before in a video. Fantastic game
I've always been fond of "Kickle Cubicle".
Wholesome Video Game Nerd.
Yes!!!!!!!  Rollergames was amazing!
Those boards on your shelf look like they are crying out for help 😆
All those side scroller games would have something hard like this 8:45. The harder games had them every 30 seconds or so.
Faxanadu
little nemo: the dream master
star tropics II, 2nd best game on the system in my opinon
Ever played Isolated Warrior? Defo in the hidden gem category.
Abbadox!
I had Vice Project Doom as a kid and loved it. Its cool ppl are discovering it today bc I always thought it was underrated.
The Flinstones
MetalStorm would have been an awesome one for this list too.
Low G Man was pretty cool
Bionic Commando is awesome too!
Master Blaster..... Awesome!..... Like 3 games in one..... Get it now!
Genshin Impact? James, I had no idea you were... into the animus...
I really enjoyed playing Willow back when I was a kid. I don't think that it gets enough love these days.
Zen intergalactic ninja. Underrated
We need a multiverse where James and The Nerd meet.
1:15
Please do this video for SNES and Genesis!
For the record, she was always “Princess Peach” in Japan.
Princess Toadstool in Super Mario Bros 2
Project Doom looks awesome.
Nowadays this game has grew in popularity thanks to the Wii U and Switch, but Earthbound Beginnings/Mother is an underrated gem in my opinion. Unlike other games like Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior, Earthbound Beginnings is a well put together game. Sure the game has it's grinding issue, but what NES RPG didn't have necessary grinding? There's hardly any bugs, the mechanics work perfectly, it has an amazing soundtrack and one of the most iconic moments in video game history. I do recommend a guide for item management, just to get rid of key items you don't need anymore.
Jackal si a super game!!
Now you're a badass
Still waiting to see the nerd cover ReBoot on the ps1
James bond jr also deserve some love
He's the wholesome videogame expert
never liked anime graphics
gi joe nes by taxan is a real gem and it represent the ''when gi joe was cool'' era !!
Famicom game, but Sweet Home is far and away my favorite game for the era.
My list include  J. I. Joe Chip n Sales River City Hanson
When is board James coming back?!
wait a sec is streets of rage a rip-off of rollergames
There was a game on snes that was like lemmings but you had knights and archers and stuff instead of lemmings and had to get the king to the other side. He was the only one who mattered like chess. It was called king Arthur's quest or king quest or something 🤔  It was fantastic and nobody has ever heard of it.
If James shelved bowed anymore, robin hood would be jealous
Star Tropics 2 was a funny and great game.
*Power Blade 2* is underrated.
No mention of Power Blade 1 or 2?!??!?!
Played Vice on Switch. The sword is actually a “laser whip”
Lol my mom got me Rollergames Christmas 1990. He only shows 1 character here but that game had 3 if memory serves. I beat it with all of them, but I'd mainly pick the chic because she had the best jump. Had to thumb this up when he mentioned Rollergames.
Solid list couple is on the switch and the others could be easily added to your nes mini classic
James Rolfe saying "Genshin Impact" is something I was not expected to see
your shelves are smiling at you!!!  seriously though thats some bow in those babies!  I have lots of olders shelf units like that and they do the same thing, probably fine but it'd be a shame for all those cartridges to hit the ground one day!
Nekketsu games! River city randsom and couple more Japan-only releases.
You mentioned one of my favorites in this video: Bionic Commando!
I really liked Power Blade. Never heard anyone talking about it online.
Vice Project Doom, Shadow of the Ninja (AKA Kage in the UK i think), Kick Master, Whomp Em, Shatterhand, Guardian Legend ALL need more love. Glad to see some of these pop up on your list!
Natsume was my favorite game. But I never went past stage 2.
"Déjà Vû" is a point-and-click adventure game that most people nowadays seem to have forgotten. Played it often on my NES and it was my absolute favorite game on that console, after "Blades of Steel".
Bucky O'Hare
I’ve said it on a lot of these types of videos, but Kabuki Quantum Fighter is an excellent hidden gem. Insane story with hair-whipping action and gameplay that’s reminiscent of Batman and Ninja Gaiden (though much easier than the latter in particular).
Cobra triangle!
Battletoads & Double Dragon was a late release for the NES in 1993. It had awesome music!
I'm missing Chip 'n' Dale Rescue Rangers from this list. Both games had a two player co-op mode! :)
I've always loved "Kabuki Quantum Fighter"
I remember playing roller games back in the day, that game was awesome
Jackie Chan Action Kung-fu is another Nes hidden gem
Arkon
Such a wholesome video. Thank you, James! I've played DuckTales 2 and it's a great sequel. Blaster Master is my favorite of the more 'obscure' games, a masterpiece.
Kickmaster, Low G Man, Dragon Spirit - The New Leglend, Kabuki - Quantum Fighter and Wacky Races were games I owned back in the day and don't get as much love as they should.
I remember loving a nes game called Werewolf, it was hard or i remember it being hard I was a kid after all
Zen the Intergalactic Ninja by Konami I always thought went under appreciated. It suffered from being released for the NES late in 1993
Clash at Demonhead is one i remember fondly
I loved vice project doom!!
"Blades of Steel" was the best hockey game.
dusty diamond's all-star softball is a classic
Power Blade, River City Ransom, The Macventure trilogy, Basewars, Yoshi, Super Dodge Ball, Lode Runner, Jackie Chans Action Kung Fu
Code name viper is a good one!
Whomp Em is another good one!
I have a good recommendation: Power Blade 1 and 2  The first one is basically a Mega Man-copy. But, though, easy and good to play.
It's RYU, not ROO. "RHEE-UUUUH!"
Man…I didn’t even know Ducktales 2 even existed.  Looks fun!
Batman by Sunsoft is one I really think too few talk about. I think most people assume it was a movie tie in and just passed it by.  Ironically, it was made before the movie and mildly reskinned for the movie tie in.
That first one reminds me of a title I have on Switch called The Messenger.. That Paperboy clone looked interesting.. It’s a shame we never got a Ring King reboot lol Although we did come close with Victorious Boxers on ps2
Gremlins 2 for me
Natsume always created rly good games
Another example of a non-zapper shooter was Cabal. Pretty alright game for what it was.
The Goonies II is underrated by even yourself! You and Mike didn't get that one. Every complaint you had about it is explained in the manual or by paying attention. True Konami gem as well as The Goonies.
Not for the NES, but the SNES. Prince of Persia. It was better than its PC counterparts, and, AFAIK, it's not widely acknowledged.
Love these style vids man keep ‘em up
It's the Regular Video Game 🤓 Neeerd.
Oh man, surprised to see Shadow of the Ninja come up.  I had it as a kid but it was called Blue Shadow in the UK.  Another gem I loved was 'Rescue the Embassy Mission', I thought it was quite impressive for the NES with an FPS section.
Another underrated game was Shatterhand
About the only resaone most of AVGN videoes are NES game since the 3rd parties that came-up to get pass the lissing resutions just didn't have the konw how.
Nice blouse james
Kabuki Quantum Fighter. One of the weirdest and best.
Jackal…that game never gets enough love.
cystalis was my go too
4:08 - I was not ready to laugh that hard...
Faxanadu is a great game that not a lot of people look at. It's dated and hard as hell for sure, but it's great.
Great video
Wow, when I was a kid one of my friends gave me Rollergames for my birthday. I immediately thought to myself "What the hell is this shit?" But me and my brother would play the shit out of that wonderful little game which I had completely forgotten existed until this video lol
Great video James! Keep these coming! 😁
"Video by James and Mike" eh? It feels good to be home.
Journey to Silius, the probably re-branded Terminator game, has the most badass music Also thanks for talking about DuckTales 2 it made me realize that the game I remembered renting a few times in my childhood that seemed not quite like the one everyone's talking about was actually #2
Anyone play Gyrus?
avgn play the immortal?
your cuts are a bit off in this vid. otherwise, thanks for the upload <3
I think Mike did a bit about "Clash at Demonhead" once.  That would be my suggestion either way.
No Demon Sword or Guerilla War?  Guerilla War is on of the greatest NES games ever.
Clash at Demonhead and Faxanadu don't get enough love IMO
Shatterhand is underrated. You should play it.
Fire 'N Ice, the best puzzle game on any system.
KickMaster
Any chance we get a review on Front Mission Gun Hazard? One of the best SNES games in every regard, but that got hit by 2 trucks of bad luck: 1- it came out at the last months of the SNES, shortly before the N64 came out and the PlayStation was already a thing; 2- it never got released outside of Japan. Thank you translator boys for saving this excellent game from oblivion.
After '92 I didnt get to play any new NES games because I upgraded to 16-bit
I would love to see you do a Disney avgn video for Disney 100
I have Vice: Project Doom and DuckTales 2 and yes, they are both great games. I have seen Shadow of the Ninja at the local retro video game hobby shops and now I will have to try and pick up a copy along with the rest of these. Great video James, and good job talking about these as yourself rather than the Nerd since these are good games as opposed to the Nerd's usual angry rants about bad games and yeah, it is kind of a shame that nobody really ever talks about these so thanks for that.  👍 🎮
My favorite hidden gem for NES that I played a lot as a kid is: Cowboy Kid  Great aventure game set in the wild west, and the best part, it's also a 2 players game. Also, there is a stage select screen, with wanted posters of outlaws you have to bring to justice. A great game!
Gun-Nac gets my vote for NES hidden gem. It's weird and goofy, and so much better than you'd expect.
another great game for nes is "wit's" a very fun one
Nostalgia at its finest❤️
Gottta say, I hate the Konami aesthetic on the NES, all their games look so dirty. Thinking about it, I would say only Mario 3 and the Mega Man games look good on the NES. All the rest have aged horribly.
10:18/10:19 *_"what where they smoking?"_*
The Guardian Legend, its a top down shooter and Zelda hybrid with RPG elements.
Nice blouse btw
Bring back James & Mike Mondays 🙏🏻
Love these kinds of videos, James!
Good video James.  Just wanted to say I only ever played DT2 once as a rental and it was fun.  But I didn't think it was better than the original.  Duck Tales was just so good and well balanced.  Side note, my teenage son says he likes this stuff even more than the AVGN style videos.  Thought you might like to know that's what some teenagers want these days. 🤷‍♂️
Talk about Kick Master, James! One of Taito's best.
Hello 😄🇧🇷
Though it never got a US release, Hebereke/Ufouria is a really fun cutesy platformer that I don't see that many people talk about
For me, the most underappreciated and overshadowed game in the NES library is Xexyz. No one ever talks about it, but it had great atmosphere and some bangers in the soundtrack.
Codename Viper is a lot of fun
Never any love for princess tomato
DuckTales had a sequel? And it was just... a better game?? And nobody ever talks about it???
Solar Jetman is one of my favorites. The physics are great for an NES title.
Great video. Had some heart.
I always liked Blaster Master and even as a kid I thought it was a hidden gem
Are those shelfs strong enough to hold all games?
Snake rattle and roll -  had one great two player mode and there was a game called Switchblade but not sure if it made it to nes
One game that's almost never been talked about is Power Blade. Fell in love with it decades ago and still play it.
Uforia the saga is a pretty nice game
Nobody talks about Snow Bros these days
I grew up with duck tales 2 and enjoy it a lot more than the first one. Both games are awesome though
Two games I used to play over and over were Abadox and Ninja Crusaders.
More videos like this please!!
11:32 In the game, if you look closely at the sprite, the cat is firing a gun as well, but it is loaded with spring glove :)
Loving these videos James. We definitely need more videos where you talk about things you love and are passionate about. You're one of my favorite film makers just because of how much you love the craft. It'd be great to see other things you love and share with us
Though a simple game, I think M.U.L.E. Is a great and unique game for the NES.
Faxanadu
Man i like James and his very very great videos i mean look at that everyone like him so much your always gonna be "Angry video game nerd💢" (My birthday is coming in next month too!"
Totally Rad, Monster Party, Felix the Cat.
ROLLERGAMES!!!! GREAT GREAT GAME!!!!
Thanks for the video, Mike!
Nice one 👍 i thought faxanadu and battle of Olympus and low g man was a great side scroll adventure games not many talk about.
I rented Roller Games one weekend as a kid and I forgot the name entirely till now
Ufouria.
Surprised to see Rocking Cats here. Thought it was really cool but only got to  rent it for a week I think.
I was always a Double Dragon kinda guy. Especially part 3.
Hidden James
Great stuff
I enjoy the NotSoAngryVideoGameNerd content
thanks for this great video <3
I loved rollergames!
Strider
Shatterhand on the nes is a complete package. Great gameplay with the unique power up mechanic that rewards experimenting, it's a marvel to look at like James said, and I really could listen to those beeps and boops for hours. Give it a go if you ever get the chance
Great video James! I think the only game I knew out of this bunch is DuckTales 2. Some overlooked games I can think of would be: Kabuki Quantum Fighter and Rollerball (which is my all time favorite NES pinball game, although Pin Bot is amazing as well). I would love if you made this into a series. ❤
Все эти игры хорошо знакомы.
Что удивительного?
Really love this style of more mellow content, guess we have all grown up from the angry times and mellowed down. I would really LOVE to see you review Chrono Trigger like you did with Earthbound. Might not be so obscure but it really has some twists in the story that would really make a great storyline for an episode.
My two overlooked games are Chrysalis and The Magic of Scheherazade.  I greatly enjoyed both games as a kid and played though both multiple times.
Deep cuts. Yea. nice.gif
In Rock’n’Kats the Spring Punch comes out from the gun of the protagonist.  I loved that game. One cousin had it and I always borrowed it.
Those shelves behind him look  like they need reinforcing.
I love these videos, James. I always want to hear you talk about stuff you love, because you've introduced me to most of the things I adore today.
The final boss for the skating game is the Godskin Apostle
Three words: Metal Slader Glory. A Japanese-only Famicom title (with an English fan translation patch available), it is -- from a graphical and storytelling perspective -- perhaps *the* most ambitious Famicom game ever developed. A visual novel, it looks like a 1980s anime unfolding on your screen, with amazing attention to detail and more frames of animation than you would think possible from that hardware.
play roller games with roll n rocker thas is hillarious 🤣
Ivan Ironman's Super Off Road. Even the NES version was great.
No one talks about Ufouria
Is Roller Games just a side scrolling beat them up where it’s just a little more difficult cause the game designers put roller blades on the main character?
Here are more suggested overshadowed NES games I think you might like.  1. Kabuki Quantum Fighter 2. MetalStorm 3. The Guardian Legend 4. Crystalis 5. Powerblade
These can also be: 1-Journey to Silius 2-Kick Master 3-Mission Impossible 4-Felix the Cat 5-Power Blade
Dude I love this content
A great episode would be what you consider the prime of your massive collection. Whether it’s a console, game, accessory etc regardless of monetary value. What are your most prized pieces. Mine is a pristine C64 with datacette and Metal Gear Collection all found by me, no online purchases.
Vice Project Doom looks like it did what the Adventures of Bajou Billy wanted to do. Driving stage, FPS stage and beat em up stage
Every LGN game. Gem after gem.
Rygar and Karnov
James is a true G
is it just me, or does the video skip several times.
1:15
Galaxy 5000
It’s the new Friendly Video Game Nerd
Another amazing game is: KICK MASTER ❤ Love this video!! It’s strange to say this but all the games from this video are among my favorites on the system :D
STARTROPICS, NORTH & SOUTH, TECMO SUPER BOWL, SPACE SHUTTLE PROJECT,  DISNEY ADVENTURE
I will give that Ninja game another shot on NSO.  I liked the little bit I tried of it before.  I really want to play Vice Project Doom now!
City Connection is a hidden gem that is loads of fun.
Why is np one tslking about sword master or quantum fighter?
Adventures of Lolo series
Battle of Olympus, I have not heard so much about it, and I love it! 👍🏻
Simon’s Quest?
Great video. I'd love more like this just as much as new AVGN episodes. Ducktales and DuckTales 2 are great on NES but not everyone knows they both have Gameboy versions too and they are really well done. I have them and while some parts are scaled down a bit to accommodate the zoomed in feel of the larger character sprites, everything that made the NES originals so great are still there. The boss battles are all there and the awesome music is done with those classic Gameboy tones.
Talk about how you appeared in a Sonic fan film!
Man roller games reminds me of that 80s movie Solarbabies!   Loved that game and movie.  Nothing like roller skating in a post apocalyptic world.  If you haven’t seen it.   It’s a must watch.
It's odd hearing James talk about video games out of his Nerd persona, but I'm down for it!
Kage was SUPERB>>>FUN!!!!!!
Flintstones for NES, it's super fun.
I've actually been playing Honkai Star Rail. I enjoy it more than Genshin Impact in some ways. I am so glad you are still making video game videos. I don't know of many under rated NES games since I didn't have one, but for Sega, Fatal Labyrinth is one that is very under rated.
I don't know if they were very well known but crystalis and faxanadu were a couple of my favorite lesser known NES games back in the day
I will die on the hill that Street Fighter 2010 was and still is underrated.
He get a new camera recently?
Rocking Kats was awesome. Never heard of the others tho.
When James mentioned Atlus, I'm both surprised and not surprised that he chose to mention Jaws instead of Persona, lol!
All these games are really cool!  But nothing new for me :(  Waiting for the next 5 :)
"Monsters in my pocket" was my most favorite NES game
Super Spike Vallyball is over looked
Power blade 1-2 are both fantastic games thar nobody ever talks about
Rockin Kats reminds me of the NES game Felix the Cat.
TROG is a great game
Algorithm tax ✌️😘👍
11:30 Interesting little tidbit: The artist that made this art, Kazuma Kaneko, is the same artist who designed most of the demons/Personas in the Megami Tensei series, along with various character art and designs. He also designed Dante's Devil Trigger form in DMC3 and DMC2 Dante
How about Gun Smoke!
Now I would like to test these games...If I could only borrow my cousin's SNES
Rollergames looks like a mish mash of Skate or Die and Double Dragon!
Guardian legend
Roller games was hard af.
Does Faxanadu count as overshadowed?
uuh i have been forgotted rocking cats. best game ever when i was 7-8 yo
Great stuff James. My pick would be Felix the Cat
A NES game I like that no one talks about is Monster Party. Not perfect, but pretty decent platformer with a fun/spooky feel.
"Stick in there."      -James Rolfe  😂😊😊love your videos❤
That skating game is made by the same people as TMNT 1, right?  It just looks the same.
My favorite "hidden gem" was mighty final fight
Jackal for nes is one of my favorites.
I totally loved your review on Vice: Project Doom. That game has a lot of replay value. One of the best NES games ever.
All of these games looks solid!
Felix the cat and little nemo
I actually really like Tom Sawyer on the nes
My mom use to rent NES games from our local Smitty's grocery store for me.
Great recommendations! I can't recall how many times I've told my viewers on Twitch that I think Vice: Project Doom is the most overlooked NES game XD The speedrun for it is great as well! :D
Base wars
1. Solomons key  2. Load runner  3. Tom and Jerry  4. Zen : the intergalactical ninja  5. Night shade  All underrated
Awesome episode, can u do more of these
Conquest of the Crystal Palace! That game confused me for years but I love coming back to it!
Y can't I hear it
For Rockin' Cats, there was some sort of a secret if you beat the game and wait some time after seeing the final screen (or it should've been done some other way, I don't remember). So if you do that, you'll unlock a few new levels after the main game. They are more difficult and you can't buy any upgrades. Then you need to beat the monkey boss and the final dog once again, and thus you'll see the final screen again and beat the game completely.
I hope Cobra Triangle is on here.
James are you okay if not blink in Morse code next video are they pointing a gun at your head
Not sure if they're overshadowed or not but I really loved Trojan, Tiger Heli, and Silent Service.
Rockin cats was a godamn gem and by the way it didn't finish with that giant monkey, in fact you had to beat the bulldog from the cover twice, it was just amazing at that time, and don't forget the final scene where the hero kisses the equivalent to  princess peach, it was more than one of my favorites.
Crystalis is my top recommendation for the NES if like Zelda 1 you will like it.  The Battle of Olympus is other game I can recommend that plays similar to Zelda 2.  and Ultima 3 & 4 Are some of 2 of my favorite all time NES games which I can’t recommend to everyone but if you like old school RPGs / D&D you would love them.
Bucky O'Hare is another underrated masterpiece
StarTropics. It's not totally unknown to people but still criminally underrated!
I've always been fond of Elevator Action. Not many people talk about that game.
Awesome games I grew up with when I was young: - Gyruss: An arcade port of the tube shooter. Setting aside the regular vertical and horizontal shooters, this one was really fun. - Guerilla War: Top down shooter, and literally everything explodes in this game. And all explosions are accompanied by epilepsy inducing flashing. Hahaha - Heavy Barrel: Another top down shooter arcade port. Key to winning this game is to know by heart where the good power ups are.
I loved both Ducktales
Robo warrior. another game that is not as popular but is quite actually pretty good for the fact the mechanics of that game is pretty complex. Not to mention right before you power on the game, that one catchy tune will forever be engraved in my mind.
Dynowarz!  I rented it once as a kid.  I couldn’t get very far.  But the fact you get to run around as the pilot through a stage then you move into a mechanized T-Rex was just awesome to me as a kid.
Formula 1 Built To Win By Seta is incredible for the NES  not a big fan of racing games but it was very in depth for a racer from that era being able to buy different cars and upgrade them with different engines,frames,tires etc.
One I always think of is Kabuki Quantum Warrior. it was a little weird but It was super fun.  Xexyz was really cool, or at least I sure thought so back in the day.  The Mafat Conspiracy (Golgo 13 pt 2)  Was pretty cool too.
CRYSTALIS
9:07 Now, that's Something
Came here hoping for VICE: Project Doom. Was not disappointed.
Thank you for your coming
Says Usarigama, also calls Ryu "roo".
Aww, no love for Blaster Master? Or is that one just too mainstream to be considered "underrated" at this point?
Call me weird, but I thoroughly enjoyed Legacy of the Wizard & Faxanadu.
i enjoyed Codename Viper (has music in it done by Yoko Shimomura who also made Guiles theme in Street Fighter and Dearly Beloved in Kingdom Hearts) and Skyshark
James Rolfe mentioning Genshin and talking about Honkai is one of the most cursed things ive ever seen
Squoon is another great game too!
Battletoads is legit one of the best titles on the system,although FMD it was hard enough you'd want to punch yourself in the nuts
GRADIUS!
no guardian legend?
Elite on the NES is overshadowed.
One game that I think definitely earned a spot is Strider on Nes
Rockin' Kats uses a gun to shoot fist. It's not a real gun, more like some toys.
Super Dodge Ball, River City Ransom, Nintendo World Cup, Gunsmoke and Jackal.
Devil world. It was only released in Japan and the EU so North Americans only got access to it through bootleg nes game compilations.
Cowboy Kid for me, I think Cowboy Kid is one of the best games ever made, and it never gets spoken about.
Not going to lie, sometimes it is nice to get this kind of stuff from James. I love the nerd, but it's nice to hear him talk about stuff he likes too.
UN Squadron without a doubt. Underrated 2D shooter with amazing music to boot. Give this title a review!
Faxanadu is a favorite of mine that not many people remember.
Kick master
Crystalis baby
My pick would be Ninga Gaiden 3 on the Nes! Amazing graphics excellent soundtrack! And a fantastic story with a surprise ending! One you beat it you will want to keep playing it over and over again!
When is the nerd going to review Alf or any of the other bad Sega master system games?
More videos like this would be super welcome
Maaan rocking cats. I had that game its was awesome
Contra meets Ninja Gaiden? Sign me up!
Hope you will review another 5 games from NES library
Great video! ❤
Oh my God, Rockin Cats! My mom bought that game for me from a pawn shop when I was little! Still have it, still play it! You said it about being rare, it is deceptively expensive!
I think "Toxic Crusader" & "Kick Master" are underrated. Toxic has many variety game levels, Kick M has a lot of attack moves. &  they are both fun & quite challenging.
Nintendo should make 8 new NES games a year.
James you should review the Dragonball Z series of games from FAMICOM
Journey to Silius by Sunsoft!
"What were they THINKING/SMOKING!?!?"
Shatterhand and Captain America and the Avengers are games that I hear nobody talking about.
Ninja Crusaders is a little known NES game that I had a lot of fun with as a kid. It has different weapons that each allow you to turn into an animal when holding the attack button. It's also 2 player co-op.
Jesus what a great video! Thank you!
I remember Roller Games, was a weird abd fun game i really enjoy it, but those damn moving plataforms killed me a lot
We need more of these Overshadowed Games videos. Not even just for NES but all the classic consoles you usually cover.
Oooooh that's Mike writing the script. I can just tell.
I always favorite Little Samson on ROM lists.  It's so creative.  SO many details tell me that the people who made it wanted to love their creation.  You can start as a few chars, one of which is a frog.  Some of the creative uses of a frog is so cute!  Really makes you feel like choice you make matters but never in a bad way, just a way that makes you rethink the strat.
Trying Roller Games now. Not a perfect comparison, but it reminds me a bit of XBox's Jet Set  Radio Future.
I really liked Bigfoot the monster truck game. Really fun to play by yourself or with a friend. The controls were hard to get used to and I'm surprised you haven't done a video on this game.
Bayou Billy!
How nostalgic that I almost regretted not buying the expensive 2-in-1 game cart back in the day titled "Gun-Nac" and "Gun-Dec". I thought it was some series. So the other game is overshadowed in western part, hmm.
i love duck tales 2 probly the best nes game i've played
Kirby was a great and casually comfy platformer. 2nd game i ever beat cause it wasnt full of extra dificulty like most nes games and it wasn't all that short which was why many games were made more difficult in the 1st place. Another game that was underrated was captain skyhawk. It got tough later on but was a blast up until that last level. A good example of the opposite; a fun game that got way too hard way too soon would be cobra triangle. And games that looked fun but sucked from the start cause of dificulty would be bayou billy.
yeah man nes was da best! still is!
Really good video
Bump n jump.
Kabuki: Quantum Fighter
nice video, makes me feel nostaltic, keep it up :)
James calmly talking talking about good games. I like this.
The noid game is under rated.
AVGN you should review Genshin Impact.........................*cough*
If you wanted a challenge for the mind of puzzle solving, Solstice was challenging enough.
Simplicity
The Guardian Legend.... the most criminally underrated game on the NES, in my opinion.
The Guardian Legend is by far the most underrated game and one most folks don't know about. I was given a copy in school when I was a kid, played it for weeks. I still go back to it when I want a really great NES game to revisit.
Wow, all these games played by Matei just a couple months ago!
id love to see more of these...
One game I always liked that is underrated is Metal Storm  I really liked the gravity changing concept
All Natsume games on FC/NES are decent.
Here's my five picks for highly underrated NES games:  Conquest of the Crystal Palace Kabuki Quantum Fighter Gremlins 2 Whomp 'em Little Nemo  And an honorable mention to Solstice, only because it's odd pseudo 3D perspective and brutal difficulty can be a turn off for some. For me, it's got a lot of memories and is something I love to replay every now and again.
Avgn have you ever played gunforce
how about a video on all the multi genre games the games that switch from schmup to side scroller are the best NES games by far
Isolated Warrior?
That is one of the last things I thought I'd hear clicking on a Cinemassacre video
Conquest of the Crystal Palace. It’s a rather fun side scrolling platforms that even has an actual (albeit scripted) day/night cycle. I never hear anyone talk about this game period.
It’s gotten a bit more popular but Snake Rattle and Roll. Great music and graphics.
Sweet Home, Resident Evils grandfather is super underrated but it was only in Japanese so you have to play the fan translated rom.
Street Fighter 2010, Guardian Legends, Battle of Olympius
why is audio randomly cutting
ORB 3-D for NES was really good. It was an esoteric puzzle game.   You fly a ship through targeted tiles staggered on a gridded screen, passing between the foreground and the background,  similar to using the gate on the racoon fencing in Super Mario World.   You cannot fly out of the edges of the screen or you will be given a fuel penalty. When you are out of fuel you are finished.  If you miss-hit a target, you either deflect off-course or get a fuel penalty. You earn fuel by making trips to Vern's.   ORB 3-D is a pong-style riddle solving game. It is unbelievably well done, and some of the symbolism in the game are worth taking notes.   ORB 3-D was very well done, but I can't imagine it would be enjoyable to a wide audience. The game is stressful because of the fact that you are always in motion (like Pong) and you must keep within the playing field (grid) at all times while hitting riddles/targets in a particular sequence.   The game took patience and would probably drive certain people nuts.  I highly recommend ORB 3-D. I rank it highly as one of the best unknown games out there. Most people have never heard of it. I don't think they produced that many cartridges. I forget the publisher/developer.   Not only would I say ORB 3-D is a great lost title, but I would also say that it was one of the greatest games available for NES.   ORB 3-D thinks outside of the box and I rate it highly with a near perfect score.
Great video James!
I will always beat my meat to Hoyoverse Librarian girls
Dynowarz, great obscure game! Had it as a kid and actually enjoyed it
Legend of Kage! What a fun game with so many neat colors and catchy music.
Clash at Demonhead was a pretty fun one......  I think it's been mentioned on this channel before.
Surprised you didn't mention the amazing ending song from Shadow of the Ninja.   I guess Shatterhand isn't too underrated since you mentioned it in passing. How about Journey to Silius? That game is pretty amazing with some of the best music on the console. Sweet Home might be worth talking about as well. I can't remember if you mentioned any of these in older videos or not.  Ufouria: The Saga and Little Samson were also pretty good.
Phalanx
I always felt The Guardian Legen never got enough love
Power Blade
I like AVGN not this one
I don't know if anybody has mentioned yet. But you can play DuckTales 2 on the Disney afternoon collection.
Lone Ranger on NES is an absolute banger of a game
dragon power is a forgotten gem
Rockin Kats was the first game I ever played enough to beat without taking a hit. It was also the only game I did that with.
i had ducktales 2 but my mom gave my NES and the games away to her friends kids when i didnt use the console that much anymore and im still pissed off about it because those kids broke the console in like 2months and i never saw those games again... great list tho, used to play the shit out of rockin' cats and shadow of the ninja also at friends place.
Nice to see that old Cinemassacre logo again.
Roll'n Rocker, congLatulations, and James horribly butchering the pronunciation of Ryu... Love how all the history of AVGN has bled over into Cinemassacre.
Solar jet man, one of the funnest most underrated games ever
Clash at Demonhead
Are we really going to ignore the fact that Vice Project Doom looks almost identical to Ninja Gaiden 2??
My two of the lesser known favorites are clash at demonhead and (more well known) blaster master.
Duke nukem for nes is underrated
dynowarz destruction of spondylus
Wrath of the Black Manta, The Guardian Legend, ShadowGate.
I loved Kickle Cubicle. It's the only one I remember finishing on the system, thanks to its password system.
Eliminator Boat Duel wasn't too bad, as far as I remember. Maybe it could get reviewed one day?
Jackie Chan's Action Kung Fu should be on the list as well. I remember loving it in my teenager years. You should definitely check it out James.
Jackal !
Guardian Legend.  Best NES game ever IMHO
Startropics
Should do a AVGN review for nes game Castle Quest.
I remember Rockin' Kats!  As for overshadowed, I had a really big soft spot for Xexyz. I liked how it alternated platformer/adventure gameplay with shooter levels.  Dinowarz:  The Destruction of Spondylus was another fun one that alternated mecha dinosaur combat with the pilot getting out and fighting through bases, but the controls were kinda wonky at times.
I liked wrath of the black manta. Especially how you can choke the story out of the bad guys.
A good list of 'overshadowed' games! Perhaps next time we could take a look at Little Nemo: the Dream Master? Excellent Capcom game more people should know about.
Wizards and Warriors was a fav
"DuckTales 2" and "Chip 'N Dale Rescue Rangers 2" are quite possibly the most expensive NES games I had ever purchased in the aftermarket, since I spent about a hundred bucks on both games, and that was before they became playable as part of the "Disney Afternoon Collection" for the Xbox One and PS4 a decade after I bought my copies of them.
If you do another... an RPG focus could be interesting.
Love this, would like to see more!
I’ve always considered Captain Skyhawk an overshadowed game by the likes of other vertical & arial shooters such as Top Gun, 1942, and Gun Nac, etc. Rare made great games long before Donkey Kong Country. Great music, good controls, and lots of enemy types. Check it out!
I really liked Xexyz. It was actually beatable and had some fun game play variety.
Rollergames was great and the plot is absolutely batsh- insane.  The 'Bad Teams' are being co-opted by international terrorists who are being co-opted by *alien invaders* .  The final battle is a roller blade duel against the alien overlord himself.  :|
Yo James  above the box art of rocking kats： He is using a gun which can shoot big o fist instead of bullets
I’m a big fan of Dragon Spirit.
My #1 recommendation would be Crystalis. Was a mind blowing discovery
I always forget there's a Ducktales 2
KICKMASTER!!!
The Guardian Legend is an absolutely amazing gem on the NES, it deserves far more attention than it gets. It's easily my favorite NES game.
solar jet man
Guardian Legend.
Awesome Video Game Nerd
Ninja Crusaders on one player is a great run if you can make it also not as known!
Was looking for him to mention (Mr) Gimmick, but maybe he waits for the rerelease in juni/july
Amén to Ducktales 2, usually people prefer the first one, but I truly believe the second is the best. It improved everything from the first, it's just a shame it didn't get the recognition it deserved.
the advetures of Rad gravity
I like Airfortress. It's a unique and addicting game.
Are you wearing Jay Leno's baby clothes?
2 words: BASE WARS
Journey To Silius is an underrated Sunsoft game that is challenging but difficult. It also has the best soundtrack on the NES in my opinion.
What are your thoughts about Magician, James?
conglaturation on another epic video, Thank You for your coming, You're Winner :P
Blaster master was one of my favs. I also enjoyed street fighter 2010 my dad bought it thinking it was street fighter.
Not “Reeyu?” “Rooo??”
Great list; I couldn't get into Roller Games, but I'm a fan of all the others mentioned here.  Also, hot take: I think DuckTales 2 has a better soundtrack than its predecessor; the Egypt track is excellent.  For overshadowed games on the NES, I think my favorites would be Legacy of the Wizard, Magic of Scheherazade, Princess Tomato in Salad Kingdom, and Willow, assuming they're obscure enough to count.  If we're including Japan exclusives, Kiteretsu Daihyakka is wonderful, and Esper Dream 2 is my favorite game on the system.
Mother?  I think its now EarthBound zero in the west? I thought it was great and honestly I love it about as much as its sequels which seem to get more attention but perhaps its better appreciated now with more exposure from its younger siblings at this point? Especially from Mother 2/EarthBound. But I hardly see much talk on it myself. Its simple but I absolutely adore it. <3
11:32 - Regarding the handgun on the cover, it's not a normal gun... it fires the fist you use in the game.
One nes game I really enjoyed as a kid was tiny toon adventures 2. It still holds up well as a fun game to play today.
TGL ❤
Flying warriors
The Karate Kid game and Tiger Heli were really good imo.
Lone Ranger is another great game.
VICE: PROJECT DOOM was a random game my aunt bought me on my birthday when I was like 12-13 yo & this game was my fav single player NES game. Graphics on the train level are awesome even today. That you very much for reminding this game to the world. I often feel like I was the only one playing it 😂
Nightshade was great Faxanadu was awesome . Rc pro am 2 , princess tomato was great , dusty diamonds softball totally awesome . Crystalis best action rpg .
TROJAN was a great NES shadowed game.
Ah yes, Roller Games, I used to rent it at Blockbuster
This needs part 2. Loved the video!
I believe this is the first time I’ve seen you talk positively about video games. I like it! Ofc don’t give up AVGN cause that’s also really good
That guy from Vice, whenever he used his sword, i thought he was actually taking of his belt and striking with it lol.   There are so many nes games that didn't get the attention they deserved. POW was an excelent beat em up. Guerrilla war was much better than akari warriors. Crystalis was awesome... and many more.
Blaster Master is my fav of the less popular tier games of NES. Not sure if James has ever covered it, but would love to hear his thoughts on it.
This was really good. More of this please! I'd love to see an SNES version of this list or Gameboy.
We had roller games. It was hard as hell.
I'd say it had a "medium" popularity, but shout out to Blaster Master by Sunsoft. Such a cool idea for a game, although it was fairly long and I don't believe there was even a password to continue where you left off. Worth a mention, though. They remade it on Switch and the remake has 2 sequels.
DuckTales 2 is the only one I played from these and I'm surprised as well that nobody talks about it. Also, I missed these kind of videos.
I tried Vice Project via the Switch online service… I couldn’t get past the driving stage, it gave me motion sickness!
That vice game reminds me of The Adventures of Bayou Billy and MAAAAAAN that game was fun as hell. A beat em up, shooter, and racer. Loved it. I kinda wanna play that too.
I just wanna see you play Holy Diver on NES
I was really hoping you would put Vice: Project DOOM in here. the game is incredibly high quality, and no one knows about it. I mean, of course that doesn't stop the price of the game from being expensive lol
Dino Riki, Sky Shark, Iron Tank
Ruuuuu
kabuki quantum fighter was always one that stood out when i was a kid .. i liked it then but id probably think its dogshit now
The Guardian Legend needs more love as the best game on the NES :3 Crystalis and Willow are definitely fun to scratch that RPG itch. Gun.Smoke and Xeyxz are just anytime fun games!
I liked this. More videos like this would be good
64 bits
The Guardian Legend
NES hidden gems is my type of content that I like watching...
“ *Thank you for your coming.* “
Air Fortress is one of my favorite games of all time
Cobra triangle
For me an underrated gem of the NES was Faxanadu. I know it is not be to everyone taste, but for some reason it really marked my young self  I am still hoping you will give it a review one day
Blades of Steel is the best Hockey game on the NES.
Crystalis by SNK
Yes, do this same video each for snes, genesis and maybe even Atari?
My parents bought ducktales 2 when it came out and I still have it. Great memories and I agree on its greater variety. Heres a few games that might make the list: gremlins 2, dragon spirit, solstice, dream master, fire N ice, captian skyhawk, adventure island trilogy, tiny toons and felix the cat.
Two words. Star Tropics One of my favorites on nes.
"It might be hard to believe today, back then Konami was synonymous with quality they made" 😂
Nothing better in a chill day than a Simple James video
Cobra Triangle is pretty bad ass.  Great action racing game
I rented Rollergames so many times as a kid. Its a fun challenging game. Glad to see it was mentioned..
You’ve got to do a video on “legacy of the wizard” I watch all your videos and have never seen you mention it. I broke a lot of nes controllers playing that game, but I loved it.
Classic Cinemassacre is my YouTube comfort food
The Guardian Legend definitely deserves to be on this list.  I don't know if you've ever played/reviewed it, but it's one of the best of all time.
Not at all as unknown as some brought up in the vid, but I definitely recommend Crystalis and Startropics to those looking for a good Zelda-esque top-down adventure
Sweet home is a great nes game! I don’t hear too many people talking about it?
Shadow of the Ninja: 1990 Rollergames: 1990 Vice: Project Doom: 1991 Rockin' Kats: 1991 DuckTales 2: 1993  Were there any good NES games released in the 80s?
Played through Shadow of the Ninja  and Vice Project Doom on Nintendo Online, decent games and neat stories.  Some others on there too I was surprised by, but I can't remember them at the moment.
Gotta go with Gargoyle's Quest!
Metal Storm
Err.. there  was a game that  overshadowed moat games  for the way it stuck in your  mind... think it was called  ...  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 😢
How could you not mention The Adventures of Bayou Billy?!?
One I would've added to the list is River City Ransom. Nobody talks about that game and everytime mention it people go huh
I think the Little Ninja Brothers is an underrated game. It was my first rpg as a kid. It had the option to be a couch co op rpg which my dad and I would play together.
James, I prefer these kinds of videos to the Nerd. I think you kept Nerd videos coming because a certain group of super fans wouldn't stop pestering you to make them. I think it went on too long, but I understand why, you know? But I've always enjoyed videos where you were just yourself a lot more. Keep 'em coming man!
Would love to see an AVGN episode on the new Gollum game 😂
He's the Pleasant Video Game Nerd.
I think Golgo 13 on NES had first-person shooting sections. The game's pretty garbage though. But it has 8-bit sex scenes and the final boss is the flying head of mecha-Hitler and a bunch of his clones, so that's something.  Also I really can't imagine AVGN of all people playing a weeaboo mobile gacha game.
my favorıte sword master and  felix the cat
Sure it's a weird timeline when the AVG tells me to give Mihoyo my money 😅
The dream master, loved that game..
Wondering who else loved Heavy Barrel?
🙂🙂🙂🙂
DUUUUUUUDE! Maniac Mansion!
Double dare is an underrated NES game.
I always thought Maniac Mansion was a hidden gem. Definitely one of my favorite NES games.
Totally Rad is an overlooked NES game.
I remember as a kid seeing Vice Project Doom featured in Nintendo Power, renting it, and thinking it was pretty cool.
The guardian legend
Obviously the Rockin' Cat is shooting a fist gun
Solar Jetman is underrated as HECK as well
Vice is a good game have it played love playing
I can't believe you mentioned Rollergames!  🤘  I have loved this game since it came out and I have never heard anyone talk about it.
Groovy games.
I loved playing Rollergames as a kid, even though I could never get past the second level.
These were all heavily featured in Nintendo Power.
Why haven't you made a Blaster Master video yet?? Love ya
Curious to see James' opnion on the New Super Mario series.
Guardian Legend.
I always liked Solstice, but could never solve it.  Not sure if that game'd be considered "overshadowed" or not though. The soundtrack did get quite repetitive
I absolutely loved River City Ransom and The Voleyball Game that was just like it.
Good ol Rollergames. I rented that. I watched it on tv as well, and can remember someone named Skinny Minny that was one tough cookie!
Little ninja brothers is actually a fun RPG on the NES
I might have the titles wrong here, since it's been like 30 years since I was a kid playing NES.  but I played the hell out of Darkwing Duck, and Spider-Man: The Sinister Six.  Those games were something else.
vice:project doom is my fav and the best i ever played back then cause i dont have much nes game. it called Gun-dec on jp version and i played it without knowing theres eng ver of it.
James, those shelves are looking DANGEROUS
Nice to see
OH FUCK VICE PROJECT DOOM BEING MENTIONED! This game oozes with 80s asthetics, all craftly packed to fit into a NES cartridge. I always gospel this one to others whenever I have the opportunity to, it's an absolute blast of a gem
Goonies II
Hey there AVGN what’s up James I’ve been a long time fan, I even bought 2 of your Blu-ray’s the entire 15 seasons of AVGN, James, And Mike Mondays I was wondering if you still had the Nintendo Mario tv stand, and if you do would you possibly @ all be interested in selling it to another fellow YouTube retro gamer like yourself I want to get myself a Sharp Nintendo game tv, put it on it, and play retro games on it on my YouTube channel. I am going to do basically essentially the same thing you do except only without the anger, scripts, or special effects that you have in your videos because I don’t have your knowledge of special effects in filming like you do it’s just going to raw and unscripted if you would consider selling it to me would you possibly restore it, and autograph your name on it, and maybe, also mike matei’s if you can get him to do it too I’ll give you more cash for it if it’s restored, abd autographed
Another cool game in my opinion is Air Fortress for NES.
I’ve never heard of Roller Games, but the scenes from it reminded me of two of my NES favorites: “Renegade” and “Town & Country Surf Designs.”
Some of the first that come to mine while watching are gremlins 2, monsters in my pocket and captain America and lo lo 3.
i'm curious about the mini-arcades in the background  Did you make videos about them?
I saw Mike play through DuckTales 2. The music is a huuuuuge step down. The bosses don't seem nearly as interesting either. The level design is fine, I guess.
Very nice selection. Rygar is awesome! Not to just down right want to drop a crappy game title on purpose, but I don't know if you've considered reviewing and having a hippo or buffalo crap on the nes game Dynowarz? It's made from Pterodactyl turds in my eyes. Thanks. Lol
Overshadowed classic: "Nigel Mansell's World Championship Challenge";  New: "Full Quiet".
Ninja crusader
The young indiana jones chronicles is another underated game no one talking about
Bucky O'Hare is a gem, and all the music is amazing.
Man I just played literally.all these games. Love it.
Code Name Viper is one of my fave games that nobody ever talks about.
I played so many hours on Rollergames and still couldn’t pass the 2nd level.
I didn't know you were into japanimation Mr. Rolfe.
Ryu had both a kusarigama and flips in Ninja Gaiden 3.
Master blaster comes to mind. Burai fighter was fun aswell.
I feel proud to have owned Vice: Project Doom. Absolutely stellar game.   Unmentioned by James: The cutscenes are also a fair bit of a rarity for the NES. It definitely went the Ninja Gaiden route of "Story with a game," and then you got three different game modes on top of that - each of the driving and shooting stages shows up twice, IIRC, and the rest (and bulk) of the game is the side-scrolling action.
Willow for NES was one of my all time favorite games.
These are all games Mike has played on Twitch recently... Doubting the authenticity here.
Dude, Low "G" Man, or Low Gravity Man, was a game that I think deserves some attention. There's awesome music, great level design, plenty of weapons, upgrades and you can even steal certain enemy vehicles.
10k likes in 7 hours good job
James I'd actually love to see a full video on The Immortal. I played it on a whim on Switch Online, and it's actually shockingly cool.
And then there are a million Japanese games like Don Dokadon and so on.
Are the Powerblade games overlooked? I only discovered those a few years ago.
Please do Sword Master, I never understood that game 😅
Kick Master was really really Dope game, storyline awesome, design characters was crazy, and the boss fights was crazy fun.
Duck tales 2 was 1 of my favorites. I was a hardcore Metal Gear/ Contra kid but games like that were great to just kill time
I had Rollergames! Stellar game. I used to pretend I was doing Shoryukens with the jump punch  Forgot about that gem
A friend recently showed me The Lone Ranger on NES and man if I had known about that one as a kid...
Yo mama is a great game to play
FAXANADU
Shadow of the Ninja Rollergames Vice: Project Doom Rockin' Kats Ducktales 2  Great Video!
good Job
Literally playing star rail when i launched this.
1 word.... Destination Earthstar.
Really enjoyed seeing James talk a bit of Nintendo instead of the nerd! Plus I haven't played most of these, so more to add to the playlist! Awesome!
Roller games is awfully hard
Odd that he said the gorilla was the final boss in Rockin' Kats when the game clearly tells you he was the actual final boss's body guard. Speaking of which the boss is on the front cover and the guy that taunts you before every stage. And your character's weapon IS a gun - that happens to launch a fist. Not sure what's up with these oversights cuz James IS playing these games... right?
This sort of video — as of Friday, May 26th, 2023 ~8:30 P.M., E.T. — is so much better than most of the A.V.G.N. content that James Rolfe periodically forcefully pushes outs.
James’s handlers are really scraping the bottom of the barrel
Im so glad youre still making videos!!!! Fuck yes
I'm glad you mentioned Duck Tales 2. You can play that game as part of the Disney Afternoon collection. I can see why the first game is more known and iconic, but the sequel does improve on a lot of things. Not having to hold down to pogo enemies helps so much.
Journey to Silius is my personal go to underrated NES game. Kickass soundtrack, fun platform if and action, and stupidly fun difficulty. It’s one that I love going back to and it’s made even easier now that it’s on the Switch Online service.
Yes! Keep'em coming james!
Tombs and tresure is a hidden gem well is kind of weird you could also do an avgn episode because of it's frustrating game mechanics hahahaha
I've had Roller Games since my childhood, and absolutely is it a fantastic game.
Rad Gravity.
I'm using that promo code for you nerd 🤘  Edit: Thanks for mentioning Batman and Robin, that genesis game is a core memory of mine and playing that with my dad, regardless of any arguments that came of it, is still a fond memory.
I can't believe I've never heard of any of these games. These all look awesome!
It's nice to see James doing videos like this again.
james, you really have no shame, do you
I used to love a pretty weird game called ufouria, that i think was made by sunsoft. You had a set of characters with different traits  that you would unlock during the game and that would enable the player to reach new places around an open map. Today i think that this game would be classified as metroidvania. Pretty fun one 😄
Blaster Master is super underrated. I'd also consider Kirby's Adventure underrated. I know Kirby in general is popular, but people typically mention Super Star or Crystal Shards when it comes to older Kirby games, but I think Adventure is the best.
I was kinda hoping for Low G Man to be mentioned here. I thought that was an awesome one.
A
I was hoping you'd mention Kick Master
vice project doom has to be one of the smoothest animations on the system while still looking solid with little flicker.
I'm curious as to what James's opinion of Guardian Legend is. I use to love that game, and it seems like noone remembers it.
Bring back the Nerd!  And Board James as well.  =)
Everyone misses out on goul school. Strategy puzzle based i guess would explain it best but was my #1 goto when i could borrow the nes
great video
Thanks 👍
I like the NES Terminator game, I think it's underrated.  It has a lot of variation in the level design.  It's worth a full playthrough.
I haven't played any of these.  Thanks for making this.
The gun fires the fist in Rockin Kats. That game was my childhood favorite
I never knew Skate or Die: Bad 'n' Rad for the Game Boy was practically a port of Rollergames. (It has nothing to do with the other Skate or Die games.)
Golgo 13: Top Secret Episode and its sequel The Mafat Conspiracy.
God, its so obvious that james is reading someones text(probably mike's) and never touched these games...
I know you guys crapped (literally) all over Bugs Bunny's Crazy Castle but I always enjoyed that game
Metal Storm, River city ransom, crash  n the boys Street challenge, crash n the boys ice hockey, techmo soccer,( I hate sports games but these are beat'em ups too) the Uninvited - like shadowgate but set in a more modern setting.
Monster in my Pocket
We need a Nerd video game that’s just a fully explorable movie/video game basement.
3:00 it's actually a Tengu, half man half crow, usually associated with ninja
THUNDER AND LIGHTNING!!!
I was not ready for that scream from a nes game! lol
Playing Rollergames on the Roll & Rocker while drinking a Rolling Rock.
4:08 Why is that not a movie staple, instead of Wilhelm scream!? :D
Other oft overlooked classics on the NES?  Adventure Island (and it's sequels) Abadox  RC Pro-Am Jackal Blaster Master Captain Skyhawk Star Tropics (and it's sequel)
I always thought that Code Name: Viper was pretty cool.
James talking about good games? Unbelieveable! 😁
mission impossible is underrated too
best video yet!
<3
@10:15 What were they -thinking- **smoking?* lol
I've been waiting for a review for Faxanadu for decades
would you do a arcade series? there are so many arcade games that got very popular during the 90's such as capcom and neo geo, how cheap some fighting bosses are, or how difficult some side scrollers are, perhaps do a series review of metal slug, the story line of it
I didn't know till looking it up just now, but "toadstool" is a mushroom with an umbrella shaped head.  So Princess Mushroom would be like saying Princess Mushroom.
Underrated and Underreviewed - The Guardian Legend
Need to check these out! Thanks for the recommendations!
Ayyyyyyy! I rented rockin kats back when I was a kid several times. Nice callout James
James your content is fantastic thank you!
I had vice and that ninja game as a kid they were so awesome
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves
this is what I imagine the Nerd to act like after drinking some relaxing herbal tea. organic of course.
Vice Project Doom is great.
Don't forget about Operation Wolf and Mechanized Attack as good zapper games.
Nobody is talking about on of my favourites on the NES: Boulder Dash.
Your shelf is buckling.
I enjoyed this quite a bit. Would love to see a part 2 or maybe overshadowed SNES games
Great video, and some real hidden gems there. My candidates for under-appreciated NES games are Faxanadu (probably my favourite game on the system), Goonies 2, and...Section Z. Actually, I'm not 100% sure about Section Z, but it is a game I remember playing a lot as a kid, which I don't think I've heard anyone mention since.
Big fan of Rockin' Kats. A bit short of a game but the sprites are fun and toony. The main character would get along greatly with Disney's Bonkers or Roger Rabbit.
Golgo 13
P.O.W.: Prisoners of War is a classic ❤
Considering he's played so many crappy NES games, finding ones that he thinks are legitimately great feels more real.
Kick Master should have definetly become a classic of the NES era. Perfect combination between RPG and well implemented action-adventure.  It was nice to recall Rockin Cats. I was probably 7 or 8 when I played it back in Romania in the mid 90s, on a 3 dollars pirated copy bought from the weekend market. The cover looked better than the original I guess. :D It was one of the first games I have ever played, which I don't think I ever finished. I will maybe get back to it.
ROCKIN KATZ!!! I love that game!
I always thought chip& dales rescue rangers was under appreciated and shinobi
Clash at Demonhead
I like Ducktales 2 a lot more than the first one
Bee 52 is one of the best NES games ever
General Chaos for sega is game that no one ever talks about but its amazing
Solomon’s Key! You guys played it on a Monday. It is such a big game and so much fun to figure it all out. Even playing it from his childhood your friend didn’t know so many secrets that would have made it even more fun for you both.
Xen the Intergalactic Ninja
I loved this
Little ninja bros
Thank James !
I wanna see you play robowarrior NES
Clash at Demonhead, River City Ransom, Willow, Crystalis, G.I. Joe, Mighty Final Fight, Little Samson, Gargoyle’s Quest II, and Power Blade are all legitimately great NES games that are mostly overlooked.
I enjoy the video, thanks 🙏👍 James, by the way Renegade the game for NES is a good one!
this is you who never played the Rockin Cats!
Kid Niki: Radical Ninja
rockin' kats it's hidden gem for sure, excellent game of my favorites
Bucky O'Hare was my favorite NES game back in the day. Used to play it basically every day after school, even after I finally got to the end.  I also have a soft spot in my heart for King's Knight and Street Fighter 2010 despite some... questionable design decisions in both of them.
yes i love videogames, i will use the game now! thanks for the jades! u are overshadowed g
I like so much when the videos are like this one, simple, nice to watch, and a confy atmosphere that makes you leave with a smile.
I had Vice: Project Doom and I can confirm it is pure liquid awesome. I'd have to say tho, that the reason it's overlooked it more because it came out very late in the NES lifespan, I mean we're talking Alfred Chicken late. Still it's amazing and peeps should definitely play it.
Great video👍
Code Name: Viper is one of the very best titles on the NES and it just gets dismissed as a Rolling Thunder clone. 🤬
Journey to silius
Gremlins 2 was a great game with cool cut scenes, amazing music and graphics.
rockin' cats is very nice i had that game... you forgot shatterhand, my favorite nes game
Vice Project Doom was titled Gun-Dec in Japan.
I know some that are underrated. Bucky O'Hare, Felix the Cat, Gun-Nac, MetalStorm, Might Final Fight, S.C.A.T., Shatterhand, and one that not many know about, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. Well, RH is a flawed title but it plays good. My negative is you have to beat the entire game in one sitting with one life and 3 continues. No saves or passwords (There is one but you have to do a code on the title screen.) Thankfully, I mesmerized most of the game with lots of errors.  James should do Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis games that are overshadowed.
I played Rollergames, and I thought it was fun, but I was never able to beat it. I think that game gave you a choice of who to play as if I recall, and if it did, I ended up going with the guy you did too.
I haven't played Ring King sense I was a little kid. Amazing seeing it all these years later and the adult overtones I didn't notice then.🥒😮
Vice Project Doom looks incredible!!!!
More like D1000
Kick Master NES
One of my favourite overlooked NES games is Metal Storm, the gameplay is really fun and addictive, and the anti-gravity switch feature gives the game a pretty unique feel that no other NES game I can think of matches
I 100% was waiting for Faxanadu.  What a game.
Check out Metal Storm! One of my favorites on the system! Unique game mechanics and awesome music. Super fun. Great bossfights too!
I think James looks more like a nerd now when he’s not dressing like the nerd
Burai Fighter is another underrated NES game.
saying "any NES" is fun
Before i watched i knew vice project doom was on this list. Play in pretending your Jack Burton
Crystalis, the Guardian Legend, Clash at Demonhead, Getsu Fuumaden, Conquest of the Crystal Palace
It's the Overshadowed NES Nerrrrrrrrrrrrd 🎵
thanks for talking about DuckTales 2, the only one I played as a child.
I like non AVGN James a lot more.
Back to the Future Part II & III is a masterpiece. You just have to accept that the game is very complex and requires you to draw a map.
Astyanax was a game I loved. Not many of my friends had heard of it, & it definitely didn't have as big a name as Punch out, Mario, Zelda, or anything.  But man I found it fun as hell.  Not sure if you've covered it before, I've watched so many of your videos that I just can't recall.
Hearing James say "Genshin Impact" is one of the most shocking things I've experienced.
You already did an AVGN video on it, but Street Fighter 2010 has always been an overlooked favorite of mine.
Street fighter 2010
Never heard of any of these, surprisingly. Thanks for the recommendations, James! I'd also like to mention Metal Storm. Fantastic 2D platformer/shooter.
I can think of a few.  Rescue the embassy mission, Dragon Warrior, Pretty much all of the games that exist in the River city Ransom "universe."
I got one for you Sonic The Hedgehog NES
Bayou Billy had shooting, driving and side scrolling. I think that and Little Nemo (as someone else said) deserve a little more love.
I think the crowd that loves binding of Isaac would love an updated deadly towers.
Tiny Toons, Zen Intergalactic Ninja and Bucky O'Hare are the most underrated NES games on my opinion.
Overshadowed and underrated? Caveman Games
Super spy hunter is definitely a hidden gem. Almost 16 bit graphics. And awesome music from SUNSOFT as always.
love to see you talk about star tropics 2 that game has great dialogue and the gameplay is tight
I have all these games on famicom apart from Roller Games that's on NES
Totally Rad was an overlooked game. Also Super C. We played that one in my house more than Contra
Joy Mech Fight.
The Guardian Legend is underrated. It deserves a remake.
I think there is a lot of games out there which can be considered underrated, because they didn't get that much attention or marketing as from big companies or developers, but are worth revisiting.
I'm sure it's been mentioned in the AVGN records but if I had to choose two off the top of my head I'd have to say Monster Party and Journey To Silius (one of the best game soundtracks ever).
DUCK TALES
I'm glad you at least mentioned Bionic Commando. That was my favorite game as a kid.
Always enjoy your videos 👍
Was this created using AI?
Loved roller games on nes! And the show lol
I like iron sword its a fun game
Shatterhand and Kickmaster are both so awesome yet underrated and overshadowed
I would also HIGHLY recommend Matchbox Motor City Patrol, it's very similar to the arcade game APB, has some difficulty to it, but is a lot of fun, I put hundreds of hours into playing that game growing up
Pure retro-magic video... So much chill, thanks so much Jim !
Destination Earthstar, VERY underrated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I guess this was on your s*** list at one point but I had so much fun with Bugs Bunny's crazy castle. Also spy versus spy two-player
Wizards & Warriors III is probably one of the best NES games, if not the best game. Wouldn´t mind seeing a gameplay of that ^^
StarTropics 2, Metal Storm, Bonk, the list goes on.
Blaster Master
Quality content.
I was expecting Faxanadu to be on here
a video on Blaster Master would be awesome ...
Metal Storm, the shooter where you can flip gravity, is a pretty underrated but awesome title.
Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom! Goofy name, goofy concept, but damn fine point and click style game. Highly recommended.
If nintendo power didn't deem you worthy, no one would ever hear of your game.
I was expecting Totally Rad
Commenting before watching. YOU better have Wizards and Warriors on this list.
LOL Rollergames. I watched that show all the time.
1:15 - You're welcome
Oh Man, I just finished another week long AVGN marathon, now this? Awesome!
Was the game "Kick Master" any good? I think that's what it was called. Where the main character's attack was kicks.
Rockin' Kats is amazing! The freedom of movement is one of the best on the console and the fact you can also pick stuff up aside from just punching always makes for some unusual strats. As for the cover - it's correct. Willy (the player character) uses a boxing glove gun
Oh man, I remember playing Rollergames a lot as a kid. Also, two of my favorite NES games as a kid was the NES ports of Ultima: Exodus and Ultima IV: Quest of the Avatar. Loved those games.
Make more videos like this.
How am I suppose to take James seriously if he's not angry or yelling...
James has been watching "Manbaby Gaming" lately like us.
Dude, I was waiting so hard for you to mention Hammerin Harry. That game was the best for NES imo!
... Personally I would have added the game Shatterhand
I never, EVER heard of Ducktales 2 on NES until now
James, is there any chance we can get a review of Shin Kamen Rider?
My favorite underrated NES game?  Conquest of the Crystal Palace.   Loved Bionic Commando, will be playing Rockin' Cats, soon.
Check out Mr Gimmick. I think that is one of the best.
It's not super obscure, but my favorite game growing up was Blaster Master. It was one of those "Nintendo Hard" games that was difficult without feeling impossible, and the music was top-notch.
I think correct way to say Ryu is "Ree-you" (or "Re-u") in english. Ninja Gaiden Sigma proves that. It is not "Roo" (or "Ruu"), since "y" is not silent.  Most under-rated NES game: Gremlins 2: The New Batch  Overall many second ones seem kinda under-rated: Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers 2 DuckTales 2 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: Arcade Game
Mine is The Guardian Legend! That game is criminally underrated!
The gunning sections in VICE remind me of the ones in Alien Storm on Sega Genesis
Willow is a pretty underrated nes game. Check it out!
Master blaster
Totally underrated NES game? Flying Warriors, give it a shot
Do more of these random videos : )
Ive never seen anyone but me recommend Rockin Katz.  Its so fun.  Not incredibly challenging but its great
Master Blaster. Thirty two years later no idea what it was about.
Honestly this is my favorite kind of cinemassacre content.
Desert Commander ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Trojan
Best NES games Street Gangs (River City Ransom) World Football with the street gangs sprites Punchout Tmnt 2 Arcade Tmnt 3  Ducktales Super Mario Bros 1 Super Mario Bros 3 North and South Zelda 1 Zelda 2
Dude got the dad hat, looking like a mild mannered dad. Is this not technically AVGN?
Gremlins 2 and high speed pinball are 2 that come to my mind.
Where’s the link to Mike playing all these games in the past month coincidentally(?)
Ironsword: Wizards and Warriors 2.....hard game, I never beat it as a kid
I have Rockin’ Kats for the Playchoice 10.
I actually played Vice Project Doom a few months ago. Can agree it's a hidden gem.
do you have Little Nemo: The Dream Master?
Archon.  That’s my favourite.
I loved Faria and truly thought it was hugely underrated. You just have to play it to see!
Do you want to know a really underrated gem? Research on Dragon Fighter. It was developed by Natsume and brought to US thanks to Sofel. You won't regret playing it, despite its difficulty. The music is AMAZING, one of my favorites on the system.
The guardian legend
When I was little I really liked the Robin hood game, but my nes died and I never seen it again
Battle of Olympus I still love that game
My favorite famicom clone on game compilation (RU: Spornik igry) , Rockin's Kats)
Oh man I forgot about roller games!
as a European, i'd say: Astérix , Felix The Cat , Kirby's Adventure , The Addams Family , Battleship , Blades of Steel , Lethal Weapon , Snow Brothers
those shelves about to break lol
Zen Intergalactic Ninja is my favorite NES game and its very underrated
Hogan's Alley. I'm always surprised by how many people don't know of this game.
I say Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers was my favorite NES game. No one seems to talk about it. The same guys who did DuckTales
dude, i loved and played all of those, sick
4:51 I am getting double dragon vibes
6:12 OH YES. Vice project Doom ! I just found out about that game a few days ago! Great title.
I was hoping Bad street brawler was going to be on his on his list, I feel it's so unfairly hated, if their is a Richard Jewel of video games, it's that one.
Spike V‘Ball, Battle of Olympus, Bucky O‘Hare, Little Nemo, Kickle Cubickle, Track & Field 2, Snake Rattle & Roll, Hyper Soccer, Double Dragon 2 and Maniac Mansion are easily the Top-10 most underappreciated NES games imo…
I always felt like Metal Storm was overlooked by many.
A fellow _Al82 Retrogaming Longplays_ follower, nice.
Ultimate Stuntman by Codemasters!   Also their other games like Big Nose, Dizzy...
Prisoners of War by SNK. Nobody talks about it, but it’s a great beat ‘em up.
Phantom fighter!
Zen The space ninja is a game I really liked when I was a kid and nobody knew about it. Not sure how I got it though :D Btw: This really brought back memories. I definitely have played Rocking Kats and you reminded me of the game. I struggled a lot but finally I've beat it
I never hear anyone talk about Cabal.  That game was my jam when I was a kid.  And one of the extremely few nes games I could beat.
Ufouria is an excellent NES game that I don't feel a lot of people talk about.
Love seeing a new upload!!
The Guardian Legend, Crystalis, Spy vs Spy, Gremlins 2,
All of these look awesome. Thanks for the recommendations bro.
Chip N' Dale Rescue Rangers!
🤔🤔🤔 the same Games that  has been playing on stream lately
Cool video, i love that Mike is back on Cinemassacre, even if it just behind the scenes and James doing the narration. Feels like the old times again and Mike can actually do what he likes most which is streaming, and still work on these kind of videos :)
I love when james talks about videogames.
James I hope things turn around for you so you can afford shirts that fit.
That's what we call pushing the  Boundaries.
They were going all out on the nes.
wow I had rollergames in my collection and mis categorized it as rollerball. sweet i've been wanting to play this
Thank you for remembering me the Rollerblades game, I love It, when I was young! ❤😊
The Guardian Legend!
The Rollergames guy is rocking full on dadbod.
strider.  master blaster. faxanadu.
Crystallis was a game I enjoyed on nes
Faxanadu
I think *View Point* on the *NEO-GEO* is a great but difficult game.
The Adventures of Rad Gravity is awesome.
I think a completely underrated NES game is Little Samson multiple characters, fun level design and stunning 8 bit graphics check it out.
I couldn't help but notice how similar in appearance every Konami game was to Contra and Double Dragon. Edit: I know DD wasn't a Konami game, but it could easily have been mistaken for one.
Summer Carnival ‘92 is the best relatively unknown game for the NES. I was hoping it would be in this video🥲
As much as I like AVGN, I think in recent years I’ve become more of a fan of the videos where James is just himself talking about whatever is on his mind, I swear I could just listen to him gushed about the things he’s passionate about for hours.
I owned Mission Impossible on the NES (based on the television series). I remember it being so unique, gameplay-wise; each character had a special talent and died off once used a la TMNT. The levels were top down and had a very liminal atmosphere.  Would love your opinion on that one James!
The train level on Vice Project Doom reminds me of the train level on Ninja Gaiden 2.
nice
I would like to point out 4 of my favourite games in NES: Power Blade Power Blade 2 Journey to silius Metal Storm
Base Wars. Robot baseball with lasers, tank treads, and high-speed pitching arm-guns. And it has some RPG mechanics.
Starts at 1:16
That roller game looked to take on a lot of double draggon level designs.
Honorable mention: Section Z by CAPCOM. Originally released for the arcades in 1985 and ported to the NES two years later.
Hello, James, please do  a full review of both Rygar and B. Commando, THANK YOU
Faxanadu
It’s feeling surreal hearing him say, “Genshin Impact.”
Didn't know about any of these... thanks dude.
Bucky ohare is super underlooked
I remember cool game I played at friends house, was Code Name Viper - contra like action, but with hostage saving mechanics and different weapons. Never seen anybody talk about it
Bucky O’Hare
Does Gremlins 2 get any love? I can remember really liking it as a kid.
I don’t know if they are underrated, but gun smoke and super spike v ball i liked alit as a kid.
Did not expect to see James advertise Honkers Constellation Track.
I loved Rygar and astin axe
So awesome to see my sleeper fav VICE on here 😊
GREAT LIST! Please do Ninja Kid (Bandai) for NES. I’m a big fan of your work. Been following since early YouTube days
Great watch, with chill monster madness movie review vibes. Definitely want more content like this.
Monster party is underrated Nes game!
Bionic Commando was fun to stay up all night and beat.
#1 - GUN NAC. #2 - GUN NAC #3 - RECCA #4 TWIN BEE 3 #5 Yume Penguin Monogatari
The Guardian Legend belongs on this list. if you haven't played Guardian Legend, you gotta play it. .or recommend it to Mike to play
Shadowgate.
Underrated. Heavy barrel.  Over shadowed. IRON Tank. Love that game.
Lol nerd lol
Marble Madness, The Little Mermaid, Arch Rivals, Asterix, Solar Jetman and Rescue: The Embassy Mission
Rollergames is also a pretty killer pinball machine.
Willow and Snakes Revenge remain my favorite NES games that nobody talks much about or that a lot of people seem to hate ^^'
Rygar is cool.
Overshadowed game: Base Wars. (Robot baseball with streetfighter like fights over the bases and you can win by destroying the other team's robots.)
Nemo the dream master, Felix the cat and Adventure Island III are not as commonly mentioned and were really cool.
3:08 - It's like your climbing up the throat level in Battletoads
what about Kickle Cubicle i always thought it was great game but never heard much about it
River City Ransom
Kick Master is one of the NES games that never got too much praise but was an amazing game for me.
No love or hate for Arkista's Ring? I've been waiting 14 years for your take on that nes game.
Those shelves look like they’re going to collapse
Actually, you can't go wrong with Capcom, many of its games is on my top list. (including street fighter 2010 haha). Natsume and Technos are two of the greatest also, many Kunio-kun games such as River City Ransom, Kakutou Densetsu and Nekketsu Soccer League are great games. I'd like to include Spelunker, Adventure Island 4, P.O.W., Gun Nac and any other that I would remember later...
That was a nice video 👍
havnt watched in yrs, but found a couple vids about good games, loving that, the change up is good. i also enjoyed back in the day when you did a doc about systems, the concil wars was a great ep
The sag on that nes shelf is intense.
Crystalis on NES is a pretty good game. It’s basically a Zelda clone. Imo it’s more polished and fun than Zelda is on NES, but that may be because Zelda was the first of its kind.
Going back to James's content is like revisiting a childhood friend.
I think it's actually a laser whip instead of a sword that you use in Vice Project Doom.
You know you have a legendary game collection when the shelves are literally buckling under the weight of classic Nintendo carts.
Basewars
Rollergames!!!!!!!!!! I was waiting fotr it
That Rockin Cats game looks like the pure definition of a Scrimblo Bimblo
Little Red Hood reference. Bravo
There's an obscure, hidden gem from Japan about two Italian brothers who happen to be plumbers. I wish I could remember the name.
willow
I always loved Rockin' Kats. The music from the Underground Level still plays in my head on occasion.
Little Samson
I've got one:   Bucky O'Hare on NES was one of my favorites. It is a fantastic platformer that gets overlooked because the Bucky O'Hare toyline and show didn't catch on the way something like TMNT did. But trust me, it is a very good game.
great content dude love your work
I love it when James talks games. This is what we subscribed for!  I don’t know if James did some audience research or something, because I really feel he’s gone back to knowing what the audience wants.
Im still skeptical Im not guna get excited till the weigh in till then you never what can happen.
Vice Project Doom  is hard but enjoyable
I don't know if its overshadowed or not, but I don't hear many people talking about it.  Crystalis on NES was a game I had a great time playing through as a kid!
I used to have "Vice: Project Doom" on the NES. A pretty bizarre, tough, and really fun game. Also is it me, or does the protagonist look like "James Bond Jr."?
Awesome Video Game Nerd
Should only do these types of videos. AVGN. Motr of us watching are older now, and we prefere these normal james videos,❤
did u ever play nightshade?
Not sure if it's underrated, but I never hear anyone talk about Trojan. It's a really cool game, though I'm not sure how it compares to the arcade version.
You should review Guerrilla War on the NES. One of my favorites growing up as a kid.
James received a physical copi of one of the greatest homebrews ever (Battle Kid: Fortress of Peril), where is it on the list? :(
Rescue the embassy misson
Ducktales 2 is on PS4, PC and Xbox along side other disney games in the Disney afternoon collection.
Galaxy 5000 was a fun F-Zero before F-Zero game.
First comment on you channel.  Great choice in Shadow of the Ninja!  I had that game as a kid.  Music was dope, co-op, and great action.
Thx James!
For the algorithm
My personal favorite NES hidden gem is The Guardian Legend. It's the sequel to a MSX game in Japan, but was released in the west as a standalone title. It alternates between a shmup and a Zelda 1 style adventure, and for an NES game, it's aged pretty well.
oh that's so cool. I always loved Rockin' Cats
Hell yeah! Ducktales 2 is definitely better than the original!
Gamebillet is even cheaper right now.
Galaxy 5000: Racing in the 51st Century.  It's a top-down racer like RC Pro-Am but in space. It has way more unique tracks than you'd expect too.
I miss James and Mike Mondays. Yo James if I move back up to Jersey you want to do James and Jeremy Mondays?  Episode one would be Cannon Spike on Dreamcast
Could you do a review on Star Fox 2, to see how the Nerd reacts to the sequel we never got until now?
hey james, remember the days we had to push down the NES cartridge...them 'bloodstains bears' must be at it again
When mentioning Rockin' Kats, why do you mention Friday the 13th but not Shin Megami Tensei/Persona, which is what Atlus would eventually become famous for?
Glad that Mike's back at Cinemassacre. :-) I see what ya did there.
Rollergames,Gremlins 2
Kabuki Quantum Fighter
Shadow of the Ninja and Vice project doom are both on Nintendo switch online, ya'll should go play em!
I didn't own a NES, but some of my friends and relatives had, and I do remember playing games like Journey to Silius and Wrath of the Black Manta that were a blast, but at least the latter one is something I had a hard time to find even its name after all these years.
May I come over and play games with you? Thanks.
James, great job as always. My absolute favorite NES title is THE LONE RANGER from Konami. It was Red Drad before anyone said those two words together! 10/10
The Humans
James and Mike got good taste ^^
I always love when you did a simple talking video like this. like the looking at books video, I still remember those video and really love it.   also would like you to do this same video for the snes, genesis and the other retro consoles too if you can :)
Days Gone of NES
nice rygar refrence that game was awesome just played it again a couple weeks ago
Guardian Legend
Little Samson is for sure pretty underrated.
Are you aware of the shin megami tensei / megami tensei games made by Atlus? They are great and worth looking at. Tough too. They are often overlooked by the common gamer because of the more popular Persona spin-off series, but megami tensei is where it all began.
New game by the creators of Genshin Impact!
I actually played Shadow of the Ninja before Ninja Gaiden.
I’m 39. Been watching James since 06
Cobra Triangle is one hell of a underrated and hard game!
Dick Tracy, I SAID IT!!!
Shatter Hands and Super Spy Hunter.
Great List James 🤓
9:49 i love this game :3
Great video ❤
Captain Skyhawk!
That ninja game looks awesome. I've never played any of these games.
I was just wondering if Rygar was on the list, and then the mention. :D
I think the cat springs a boxing glove out of his handgun.
Here are a few that comes to my mind: Zen the Intergalactic Ninja James Bond Jr. Power Blade Adventure Island 2-3(There is also a 4 but i think japan only)
How about do a video on overshadowed Famicom gems, like Esper Dream 2, Getsu Fuma Den, and Downtown Special: Kunio-kun no Jidaigeki Dayo Zen'in Shuugou!?
I played/beat vice: project doom on the switch and was blown away. It's a really ambitious game. And a lot of fun.
great video just james talking about some good retro games.  Golgo13 is an amazing nes game really ahead of its time. Faxanadu is finally starting to get some love that has been one of my favorite nes games since i was a kid.
How does The Nerd feel about Bionic Commando?
Ninja Crusaders, multiplayer ninja gaiden esk
My all time favourite on the NES is Power Blade.
How about Faxanadu?
Gacha games are predatory please don't take their money
Please talk about RC pro am and rattle and roll
shadow of the ninja was called: Blue shadow in the EU( I think, it was such a long time ago) and i remember owning it on the nes. Good game, good music too if i remember it right.
You missed Werewolf.
that shirt is actually nerdier than his original
Shadow of Ninja triggers so many memories. Me and my cousin used to call it Natsume because we didn't know the real name 😂. It was our favourite game because of the co op mode
I think your shelves need some reinforcement there, James.
Bucky Ohare for me!
Vice Project Doom is probably the most criminally underrated game on the NES.
I have played tons of Rollergames when I was a kid.
Did you ever try "The Ultimate Stuntman" by Codemasters? It has tons of gameplay mechanics, some puzzles and big bosses. But I think it's kinda impossible to beat, I tried on emulators recently, but at some point the game started to repeat levels.
Games like Vice: Project Doom and Rockin Kats are overlooked because they were released after the SNES was already available.  Enough attention had shifted to the next generation that late release NES games never built the fanbases that would keep them in mind decades later.  The exceptions tended to be games that were notorious for other reasons, like the well-known rarity of Little Samson carts.
i rented rollergames multipel times back in the day, a solid konami (ultra games) title
Speaking of American Gladiators. I did this obstacle course at Action Park and did that in 32 seconds. Was fastest all season. They were supposed to get the top times to compete for a Fat Cat motorcycle. I was 1st seed and in shape and  ready. Bummer that Action Park had to call it off bc they used “American Gladiators” name or something like that. Got Ski passes but never got to see if I was unbeatable. Never went back. Nowadays parks like that are rare.
I've always felt like Deja Vu needed a bit more love for the NES version specifically, like I know there's a bit of censorship compared to the original but the music they add for the NES version really hightens the whole experience imo...  Also City Connection and Solomon's Key are pretty good and often overlooked
13:45 Faxanadu
A couple of excellent NES games that I don't see talked about much are Bucky O'Hare, and G.I. Joe.
Wow I have had all 5 of these for over 20 years.  That never happens.  I do enjoy all 5 of them.
Loved the video
Tombs & Treasure is a fun NES game that's seldom discussed these days.
That's the cool thing about how big the NES library is, there's almost always some random game I've never heard of
Jekyll and Hyde was an overlooked masterpiece.
One game I liked a lot that gets overlooked is Rad Gravity.
Maybe it's just me because I'm a nerd, but I was just enthralled by "Shadowgate." I was a sucker for fantasy stuff. Also "Deja Vu", a similar style of game, because I loved noir stuff too.
Moon Crystal
Love the list, only thing I'd change is rollergames for power blade 2
Can you do one on athena  it's only on the nes....lol
Battle City was the best and definitely overlooked in the West.
Do one for the snes
Am going with Ultimate Air Combat and Gremlins 2.
I'm so glad you mentioned Shatterhand because it is truly an underrated gem.  Great to look at, exceptionally tight controls, and it's the perfect level of difficulty.
RYGAR
I played the last two back then. They were both good.
Awesome video! I grew up in the 1980’s with the NES and thought I knew all the good games by now! Nice to see that there are still surprises! Would love to see an SNES & Genesis/MegaDrive video like this also!
i love how james has decided to just focus on the avgn character as his job. He plays the character so well and he brings nostalgia tears to my eyes . game on james and family
i would like to recommend Crystalis, i dont know how well known it is but its an amazing game.
Love this style of video
GREAT LIST! 🤩 But… no Astyanax or Sword Master? 😢
Panic Restraunt is a hilarious side scroller.  And the box art is just gold...google it and tell me im wrong 😂
S/O to Mike for streaming these games!
Rodland, Devil World or Ufouria would be my picks for nes games to look at. Not sure if they are under shadowed particularly but they are great games that i dont think people talk about much.
Wait...the was an Untouchables video game?
GI Joe: A Real American Hero is one of my all time favorite games and I rarely hear people talk about it.
Felix the cat on Nes Also, monster in my pocket
I played the ducktales 2 with japaneese language, it is indeed fun. Although it was on 2 in 1 cartridge, and i played weird rambo rpg more -_-
Great overshadowed NES game is "The Guardian Legend".  Which is a kind of Legend of Zelda meets Life Force.  I still hear that music for the first undersea flying stage to this day.  It was something unique and quite well made.
Power Blade
Rollergames was my childhood! It was super hard and I don't remember ever beating it by myself as a kid. Still good memories playing it with my dad when he played the hard parts.
We need a Nerd episode on fllip phone games!
didn't think i would hear james say genshin impact today
No one talks about Nightshade. Amazing game. Nothing like it on the NES and way ahead of its time.
We need a nerd review of the Untouchables. After watching Mike play it. It deserves the nerd treatment.
Great to see a new video and it's always appreciated!! I know you had a podcast before to talk soundtracks, but it would be nice to see one of these types of videos that really highlight top tracks across the NES or other consoles. Crystalis Overworld, Silver Surfer Stage 1, and TMNT Searching for the Technodrome come to mind.
gg
Do a review of Little Samson please. It was one of my favorite games of my childhood.
Hello, one vote here for Guardian Legend. Awesome nes game.
Bucky o hare, its rarely mentioned, its so freaking good.
yoooo thanks for mentioning Vice Project DOom, I've always been a big advocate for the game!
Startropics
I'm surprised  mighty Samson ended up on this list maybe a future list
The Guardian Legend still deserves more attention than it gets even though it's become a bit of a cult classic these days.
I like strider and faxanadu
I’m gonna say Zoda’s Revenge. Loved it almost as much as StarTropics 1
Do you want to use my top 5 Friday song?
James being self aware how he made people think twice about NES games as the Nerd is funny, I love these more serious but still funny videos on games, it still has that charm and I love it!!
one game i never hear mentioned is "the guardian legend".  probably one of the most under-rated gems of the NES and easily one of my favorite games.   it has Shmup stages, labyrinth exploration, minibosses, selectable special weapons, a sort of psuedo levelling system and a banger sound track.  though i will say it can be very difficult at parts early on.
More people need to talk about "Snow Bros: Nick & Tom". 50 stages of 1 or 2 player fun, just like in the arcades.
Ducktales 2 was actually pretty popular in post-Soviet countries in 90s due to influx of cheap Famicom clones from Taiwan and various NES games on counterfeit cartridges. Back in the day, those pirates were not limited by regions and game release order - best and more fun games (that sold well) received local cult status, and some early games that defined NES library in the West and Japan stayed mostly unknown. Darkwing Duck, Chip and Dale 2, Robocop 3, Contra Force (yeah it's not the "real Contra" in the same way as Super Mario Bros 2 not "real Mario"), Mighty Final Fight, Bucky O'Hare - all were overshadowed by SNES release, but became popular on developed markets. Personally I love Ducktales 2, perhaps it was even more known than the first game.
Underrated games: Defender of the Crown, Wrath of the Black Manta, and Elevator Action. Also, I gotta give it up to Shadowgate just for the wonderfully eerie soundtrack, descriptions of death scenes, and a quote I use in life so often: "What you expected hasn't happened."
Journey to Silius was an absolute awesome game I owned which nobody talks about but I highly recommend it!
Power blade is a game I really enjoyed when younger, is not talked aboout that much.
Have you ever reviewed Air Fortress for the NES? It took away many weekends with my friends growing up. It was tough but always fun. Very UNDERRATED. 😊
One game I've never heard anyone talk about is Dr. Chaos. Loosely based off of house and it's such a good game! Plays a little like goonies 2 I think with going in doors to find items and weapons but it's a blast to play and one I still haven't beaten to this day.
Just review the good ones these days! Its so much fun! ❤
Super Dodge Ball is a great game I feel like I rarely hear anyone play. The power moves are very fun to pull off
One of my favorites was Super Dodgeball… simple and not hard to beat even on the hardest level… controls were great and soundtrack was pretty good too… Sam, Bill, and Randy all day 🏐
Kick Master (difficult but really good game and outstanding music) GI joe 2 the atlantis factor (way better than first gi joe) Mighty Final Fight
''The Lone Ranger'' deserves to be mention
Many of these games I'd never heard of. I'm so glad you're covering these games and not the "hidden gems" that every other youtuber and website says.
LONE RANGER. Most underrated NES game by far imo
Rygar is awesome
never thought id hear james say “genshin impact” or “honkai star rail”
Plaese comment Bad news baseball the best baseball game i ever played in my life
Good list. I would add Power Blade.
Roller Games looks like Double Dragon on roller blades lol.
Here's the obligatory mention that RollerGames also was featured on an excellent pinball table by Williams released in 1990. I loved that pinball table and had no idea it was based on a TV show.
I have to find Rockin Cats. I loved Bionic Commando.
Yes,underrated.
Mario, Metroid, Zelda. That's always my response too if someone asks me what my favourite games are, & not just on the NES.  But nobody does ask me... Because I've got no friends 😥
Ah, the classic Cinemassacre logo! :D Great picks btw.
Rockin' Kats! Blockbuster stayed open single-handedly by me renting that game like crazy. Should have "lost" it in hindsight.
Totally Rad is another underrated NES game !
It's always a good day whenever Cinemassacre drops a video.
Te amamos james ❤
theres this obscure one called super mario bros. its a rare-ie but a goodie
Monsters In My Pocket was good two players game 👍
Super fun classic games👏🏾😊
I LOVE Vice project doom!!!!!  I am so glad you chose it!!!
Good stuff man, One of my favorite NES games is Clash at Demon head, but i think it's more well known.  You ever going to review Evil Dead Rise? Be great to see what you think of it man!
Blaster Master
Look, it‘s the friendly video game nerd 😊
Oh thank God they have Eliminator Boat Dual on the nintendo shop! I couldn't live another day without it.
It's always amazing to know James never screws up during these episodes! Total conference!
Astyanax is pretty cool game too 🤘
I know it’s passed James’s time. But he also should have mentioned that Atlus made the Persona series.
I’ve played two of those.
one i think gets overshadowed and underrated is guardian legend.
I can think of a couple other good games that nobody ever really talks about: GIJOE and Trolls in CrazyLand.  Both were pretty solid gameplay with no glaring flaws that I've found, both had password continue feature, and both looked pretty cool in different ways.  Sure, it may be hard to get over playing a Treasure Trolls game, and whenever you squat, it looks like you're taking a dump.  GIJOE, on the other hand, isn't cute, but it has some replay value with a 2nd mission with different bomb locations and only 2 characters to choose from instead of 3, for a new challenge.  The leveling up of characters in a shooter game actually works, the vehicles you can find are useful and fun, the music and graphics are top tier NES.  Just don't confuse GIJOE with the other one, GIJOE Atlantis Factor, the latter didn't look or feel as good, and was more frustrating.
James has a great audience that have seen his work for almost two decades so it's nice to see what his opinions are personally. Godzilla and Horror were up my alley before AVGN, but James reinvigorated my interest in both. I've seen a lot of movies because of him talking about it. This list gives me something else to look into further for games. Thanks again!
What a cool episode!!
Sword master is an amazing fun game for nes and the graphics were quite impressive for it's time. Have a blessed day and praise the lord and creator
Love vice!
For me Kickmaster and Bucky O'Hare were two of those great games specially Kickmaster it mixed Martial Arts, Magic, Spells and Sorcery yet not much is talked about it would love to see you make a whole review on it. Keep the cool reviews Greetings from Puerto Rico.
Rollergames is a great game
Great video! One game I think is very overlooked is Dragon Fighter for NES! Great game!
The Immortal and Eliminator Boat Duel are both surprisingly rad. The Immortal especially has all those gruesome death animations and Gygaxian megadungeon traps, though it's the sort of thing you definitely need a guide for.
Please do more videos like this! :)
Crystalis in my opinion is a very underrated game.
My brother and I grew up playing Heavy Barrel and RC pro am. Fantastic NES games.
Your shelf is bending, what are you going to do about that?
For Rockin Cats his spring fist thing is coming from the gun.
Throw up a Roman for my boi mike! 🙋‍♂️
When this topic comes up my answer is always Battle of Olympus
I got VICE Project Doom on my Switch!
Startropics. 747 Mhz
What a great video. And shadow of the ninja.... I love that game!
Tecmo World Wrestling was awesome, but not many talk of that one.
Tiny Toon Adventures, anyone?
thank u for highlighting VICE.  that game is a Major staple of my childhood
Oh man I’ve been searching for this game for years. I know I played it as a child and it had the name shadow in it. Everytime I search for it or ask about it people keep mentioning ninja gaiden or shadow warrior or something. I was beginning to think I just imagined it lol
Digger T. Rock was another underrated classic
i like a lot this kind of videos, because i know you have a loooot of experience in games and there are a lot of gems in the nes catalogue, hope to see more!
A few games that are a little less well-known, even though they're still fairly well-known, MetalStorm, legacy of the wizard, Crystalis, section Z, and solar Jetman
He went with a Jirt.   Matching Jorts?
Thanks
More like this please.
Is Adventure Island II underrated? I'm not involved enough in the NES community to know what games are or aren't underrated. I would mention RC Pro Am, but I'm pretty sure people know about that one.
Did James write the script, or did those other guys?
McKids, anyone?
My best more overlooked NES games are: Shadowgate, Burai Fighter, River City Ransom and my al time favorite:  Guardian Legend.
Vice: Project Doom 👍 Such beautiful game!
FINALLY someone else who knows about Shadow of the Ninja. My brother and I got it as a Christmas gift in the very end of the NES's heyday, from overseas relatives. I could never beat it and finally managed to do so when everything was closed during that delightful time we all had in 2020.
This will probably be an unpopular opinion, but I found the game Tombs and Treasures to be underrated. It's a puzzle game sorta like the Macventure series of games. I think a lot either didn't like it or passed over it cause it's both cryptic and doing certain things in the game out of order makes the game unbeatable. Maybe I'm weird but I like puzzle games that have some trap element like that built into it. It makes it more interesting for me.
I don't know if it would be considered overshadowed but one of my personal favorites is Solar Jetman
I can remember the Konami Primetime. You went to the Store, looking for a new Game to buy and everytime you saw the Konami Logo, you could be sure the Game would be decent at least, probably awesome. In a Time before Internet, this was invaluable. There was nothing more Soul Crushing when it came to 80s Childhood Gaming, as to get a new Game on your Birthday and it's just a piece of crap. You played it anyway because you didn't get another Game before Christmas.
I remember playing rocking cats a lot when I was a kid  There was a certain part where I didn't know how to get through but I reset the game to play up that point again and again not caring to get past it
So in the game "Ring King" once you beat your opponent you end up blowing them?
Hey James, see if you could cover Power Blade. Duke Nukem look-alike with power armours. Love your content btw❤
Never thought I'll see James promoting a Mihoyo game
It’s fun to play The Goonies 2.
I hope you do a video about werewolf the last warrior
Vice Project Doom graphics are stellar ! That's top notch pixel art
The Casual Video Game Nerd
I love you James-But I’m pretty certain it’s pronounced Ree-Yoo, not Roo 😂😂
MJR: “Hidden gemz”
“Crystalis”…it’s criminally underlooked
Metal Storm.
I had a great time playing Whoomp ‘EM and Little Ninja Brothers for the NES.
Who can forget the master ninja roo?
I'll suggest sector Z on nes
Crystalis man, thats the best zelda game on the NES and I feel it still isn't talked about enough, such a sick game
Loved the first game classic
kickmaster and power blade are great games that no one seems to talk about
No Little Samson? What a shame!
I still own my copy of Rockin' Kats from back in the day. Definitely one of my most favorite NES games! IIRC the game was supposed to be based on a cartoon that never aired. Hence the box art.
Low g man
Vice Project Doom looks incredible on NES. How did they make it look this good?
I feel maybe the nerd should have presented this?
Burai Fighter for me is the hidden gem from NES!
This is the kind of thing I've been wanting to hear from James since forever
when you never played zelda or castlevania on your polish famiclone and James shows you overshadowed games you played back then. I played Kage and Rollerblades back then. I dont remeber which one of ducktales it was but there was definitely a level in a pyramid.
It's good to see James letting himself enjoy things publicly. Even if it's just a bit pretending to hate everything in existence is exhausting
Great 😊
Gotta go with Kid Nikki Radical Ninja!
The Relaxing Video Game Gent
2 of the main "underrated" NES games in my scope were Shatterhand and Chip n Dale's Rescue Rangers.  fantastic games, the both of them.  I dont know where Rad Racer stands, but Rad Racer 2 was also a great one, and i can't recall if that was a popular one or not, it was 30 fuckign years ago or something...
Thanks) it would be nice to see more good games)
Rollergames was awesome!
Wow. I had owned, played, and liked Shadow of the Ninja, but totally forgot about it til now, more than 30 years later. Great nostalgia vibes there!
Really liked this new style James! Feels refreshing 🙂 When I was a kid during the NES days I fell in love with The Goonies 2, another game not many talk about nowaday.
Advetures of Bayo Billy had the shooter thingy!
Felix the Cat is a great platformer that doesn't get talked about enough.
9:42 I like that torn off blockbuster sticker James Haha
I absolutely LOVED rockin’ cats. One of the best NES games EASILY.
Not NES but old Ys games kinda forgotten, being pretty cool action rpg.
Battle of Olympus. Can be turned into a Nerd episode.
Great list! I was hoping you'd finally bring up Cobra Triangle here, perhaps in a future video!
Again you should look at is startropics its like zelda game or you could use it for avgn
I summon you angry video game nerd, play golum...bwahahaha. have a blessed day and praise the lord and creator
Still love you, James!!! Thanks for all your work. It has helped me greatly to maintain my sanity during my commutes. Essentially by watching you lose yours to $#!tty games. 😂❤❤❤
The Chill Video Game Nerd. Really liking this format!
Wow. That is some serious shelf sag.
Li'l Samson was one of my favorites back then, and also a very rare one these days.
March 7th is Piamon !
I loved Duck Tales 2 as a kid. I didn't actually like the first one till the remake but 2 I loved. I wish DT2 would get a Remake too.
9:50 Believe it or not Atlus would go on to make some incredible games. Including Odin Sphere, Princess Crown and Dragons Crown, etc. I guess since Konami trended down, Atlus figured they would trend up? 🤣
It’s a shame that my favorite NES game is one I hear no one really talk about which is Ufouria
Nice to see Ducktales 2 mentioned. Many of my friends had the first one but I was so glad to have the second one. Liked it better. James could do more videos about good nes games. There are a lot of games that deserve to be mentioned.
One NES game that I like that I don't see mentioned often is Guerilla War.
Princess Frogshit, nice
Tiny toons adventure, Felix the cat and the Flintstones are  pretty good old games
Lacked the over the top nerd comedy we've come to expect. 😢 at least the hat was true to form 😏👌
Speaking of overshadowed NES games, I think Shatterhand and Kickmaster deserve a shout-out.
Mickey Mouse 3 Yume Fuusen
didn´t know theres´s a second duck tales; thanks!
My all time favorite Games on NES are Ufouria: The Saga and Kabuki Quantum Fighter.  But nobody talks about them.
Loved it! I could watch James talk about games (old and new) all day. Sure AVGN is great, but watching him having fun is better. And I bet it's easier.  I'm learning some video editing on my own and I now realize the amount of time and dedication it takes to get the smallest task done. Really makes you appreciate the work people like James do. The scripts, the crazyand hilarious things he has done... So talented.
I remember a long time ago when Mike talked about underrated NES games, and one of these was The Guardian Legend. Loved playing through it, and also the soundtrack was great !
Burai Fighter is criminally underated
Great video! Never heard of any of these except the last on the list.
Just watched Mike streamed Roller Games. Hes so funny 😂😂😂
Kids : Konami ? "good" ? 😂😂😂😂 This is one of the rare situations where we can say : "good old times !!" 😭
Time Diver Eon Man, that's an obscure one
This was pretty awesome. Just a small review with you just being yourself acting as the " angry " video game nerd seems like it can be tiresome I imagen that takes allot out of you. keep it up im looking forward to more.
Desert Commander and Jackal.
You ok bro?
I'd put Dragon Fighter and Arkista's Ring up there as games nobody talks about but technically should at least be in the top 50% of the NES library.  Dragon Fighter's a little generic in stage design... it's one of those games that isn't really all that interesting, but I don't know that much of anything is technically wrong with it from a gameplay perspective.  It's a side scroller that you can turn into a horizontal shooter by shapeshifting into a dragon if you have the energy for it.  The music is pretty good too.  Arkista's Ring is more flawed... it's an overhead action game with very small levels and in a sense it feels a little arcade-like while also feeling like an action-RPG, though the latter is really superficial.  The difficulty ramps up to a ridiculous and unfair degree towards the end though... or I've never found a method for dealing with some of the enemies near the end.
super spike volley ball
There nothing more fun than a James list video
Never heard of rollergame nor rockin kats before, I'm amazed
Chip n Dale Rescue Rangers, Little Nemo and Batman Return of Joker🤔
A thumbs up before the vidro starts 👍  Great video. Some hidden classics there. Would love to see Nintendo add these to Nintendo Online.
i had rollergames as a kid
Sword Master is highly overshadowed and also Zen The Intergalactic Ninja...those games need some more love...I'm really happy about you talking about RollerGames that was an awesome game.
7:12 you should try playing cabal :D it's an awesome game with this kind of view.
Rockin' Kats was definitely influenced by Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
Nerd you are the G.O.A.T.
Circus charlie
The Guardian Legend is one of the the best of the NES library!!! Very underrated!!!
There are a lot of good NES games that were released after 1990, some of the best even. They just isn't that popular in the western crowd, as people at that time had their attention on Genesis and SNES games. But back in the day, in 3rd world countries, where pirated nes clones were the only accesable option to play games, those late NES releases were a classic games, not to mention some exclusive japanese games that were good too.
I haven't been this early since old Coke. I had Roller Games, really solid game. I remember going back to play it when Streets of Rage was out and wanting more beat em ups. It definitely mixed it up and gave a good experience.
Oh man, nostalgia hit hard with Rocking Catz! I didn't remember this game before seeing this video, but I loved it, and want to playy again!
Willow was a good nes game
I'm gonna throw out Kabuki Quantum Fighter and Section Z
Love your videos James I have been following you for so many years now
Thank you James for reminding of how far Konami has fallen and how theyre no longer synonymous with quality.
I remember I had Roller Games when I was a child. I loved it. Maybe I'm wrong, but in my memories the game gave you the chance to choose from two or maybe three different playable characters. Am I confused?
Freaking love Life Force. #1 rental. Rad soundtrack.
Gargoyle's Quest 2.
Only one I've ever heard about it Ducktales 2. Crazy to think that almost 40 years after the console was released. You can still amazing unknown games on the NES
Here's a few:  Bucky O'hare Mr Gimmick The Guardian Legend (one of the best NES games ever made) Crystalis Journey to Silius Kabuki Quantum Fighter Solar Jetman.  Those are all pretty amazing
Shadow of the Ninja was amazing but hard af.
How’s it goin’, Denim Dan?
I spend many hours on rollergames,i remember have 3 charactera to play
Bad News Baseball is also underrrated, for me is the best baseball game!
Personally, I don’t think enough people talk about super Mario 3
I always thought Bucky O'Hare deserved more of a spotlight. (Speaking of Konami). Fun and challenging levels, character switching, and some of the rockinest music on the whole NES. (again, it was Konami)
Golgo 13
Princess Frogshit bwahaha
Wacky Races, also by Atlus. A quality platformer
James you totally rock!! Destiny of an Emperor is a fun RPG with an effective storyline with fun characters, numerous twists, and within a cool setting in ancient China. It was made by Capcom and released in North America in 1990.
video by James & Mike <3
I was hoping for Astyanax and Faxanadu
Fuckin Rygar!
Guardian legend. Very well made game was well ahead of it's time.
Clash at Demonhead is one that I think is definitely overshadowed. A very fun title, without a doubt.
Good to see James actually enjoyed making this video
I owned roller games as a kid.  Fun game but very easy to complete.  Too easy.
Kabuki Quantum Fighter
My favorite NES game not many people talk about would be "The Guardian Legend" You play a robot girl that can transform into a spaceship and its part space shooter and part overworld exploration.
Rollergames IS RIDICULOUS... And awesome.   Gremlins 2 is also an awesome game with an excellent soundtrack (even if it's a little repetitive/limited)
ALFRED CHICKEN
Shingen the Ruler & Defender of the Crown :)
Clash at demonhead.
This felt like an old video written by Mike! Fun to see a lot of the games he's been playing on stream recently making an appearance here
Arkista's Ring is one I always thought deserved more praise.
Great list!🎉
Chip and Dale Castlevania kid  Solbrain  I will never forget those NES games. Love them with a passion.
I was thinking how much this felt like a James and Mike video and I see at the end Mike was involved!!! Great content guys, I really appreciate the work you’ve put in
I always thought Tiny Toon Adventures was an underrated platformer on the NES, I still play through it occasionally.
I haven't seen many people talk about Kick Master
Gi joe 1 & 2 were gems to me...
cobra triangle.
It's so... weird to see Atlus' name in such an old game, the same company who later on would become famous for the Persona series!
You forget one thing about Rockin Kats. Without spoiling, there's something else if wait a bit after the credits.
Faxanadu, Kick-Master, Karnov, G. I. Joe, and Big Nose the Caveman are five underlooked gems.
Clash at demonhead! A really great game with a band of the same name. Don't get it confused😝
Thank you for your cumming lmfao 🤣
Whomp Em :) PLEASE 😊
The Guardian Legend. What an awesome game with a cool story, and amazing music. We were the only ones around here who had the game. It’s a shame it wasn’t bigger.
I had a friend to had Rockin' Kats and I remember playing through it and wondering why I never heard about this great game, and, funny enough, I never heard about it since, until this video. I remember it's was satisfying to go through the levels with this spinning/swinging mechanic, and the game wasn't too hard, just felt like the right amount of challenge. So it was a good time overall. I think I beat it in one sitting.
WHAT!?  No Faxanadu?
nice list
I understand why he needs to do adds but damn they are awkward.
I always preferred Rainbow Island and Parasol Stars over the original Bubble Bobble. They followed the story but changed the gameplay and title from the original. Then they split the timeline by dropping Bubble Bobble 2, which basically disregards the story and offers more BB levels. They've been overshadowed by their predecessor since release.
Nothing wrong with some positivity 😎👉👉
Gimmick is underrated. It's visuals push the nes to it's limits. It's a difficult game though.
I love(d) Rollergames. Great music too. There's 3 playable characters, I wonder if James knew as he only spoke about 1
James, I do not think you see yourself like this, but you are am authority on NES because of your love for the console nas firsthand experience as a collector. Thanks for the recommendations!
Ive never actually played Duck tales 1, played the shit out of the second one back then.
New content, older content I always come back to watch James.
Yesss!!! Rockin' Kats is one of my favourite games on the NES!!! 😻 I always thought the protagonist was using a gun where a fist comes out whenever you pull the trigger :D
Guardian Legends for Nes Unsung hero
This video felt like a less angry video game nerd, in a good way
Please, a Blues Brothers review
Great ! Next time, could you do 5 (or more) Awesome Overshadowed SNES Games ? I love your videos, don't stop !
Shadow of the Ninja was nice!
I remember playing vice project doom on switch online and beating it within about 3 hours, it was insanely fun, and I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I did. It is certainly worth playing.
Xexyz never gets enough love imo.
James’ review of Ducktales 2 is a lot different than the Happy Video Game Nerd’s review of it, lol.
Great video! Can't wait to try these.
Elevator is an awesome game that you don't hear much about
Flying Warriors is definitely an underrated and overshadowed gem of the NES (no my same appreciation of it's predecessor: Flying Dragon)...
It's about time you put out some decent shit
Excellent selection,  other videos like that please !
Vice is amazing. I always wanted to play it when I was a kid. The music is sick! I still have my original copy with box and manual.  I also have Rockin' Cats! Such amazing games.
I've always been more into the sim/strategy games. Silent Service & Defender of the Crown were ones I spent many an hour playing.
Captain Sky Hawk!
JAMES! You might want to double check your shelves, looks like if you breath on them, they may collapse! 😬
Love Rocking Kats! One of my favorites for sure.
I'm glad James and Mike are still exchanging notes. By the way I think the casual off-the-cuff James is funnier than the always-shouting Nerd.
am i the only one that thougth james said "tomb raider 2" instead of "terminator 2" ?
1:15
Roller Games, main character needs Ab Roller amirite?
One of my favorite things about the NES era was you'd usually have a totally different set of games than your friends and could trade back and forth to find new stuff.
One of my favorites games in the NES is Crystalis by SNK. Is a great top-down RPG.  I guess people were too fond of Zelda when it got released in 1990 and that's why it got overshadowed
the HVGD! happy video game dude.
I've never heard anyone talk about Kabuki Quantam Fighter. Great name, great game.
We definitely need more videos like these.
Shadow of the Ninja is one of the best games on the NES. Love that freedom of movement.
As someone who's vaguely new to AVGN and the whole channel, and is watching through casually as I go.. I am convinced that this man does not age.
Glad video game nerd!
pleasently surprised video game nerd ... !
Played a ton of Rockin Kats as kid. Such a great game and awesome music! Never beat the game tho...
"Gimmick!" is also a great game that is a little underrated
A overshadowed game that doesn't get much love ? Star tropics. That yo yo puzzle solving kid .great game took me days to beat as a teenager. Great music and story kept you well entertained and always wondering what was next.
💚
I am not sure how well known Little Samson is on the NES, but I always loved that game, specifically because of the different movement and attack styles of each character.
Tiny toons
Xexyz is awesome
Instead of shitty games he's showing us good games nice change of pace 🎮🕹
Bravo sir. Looks like a solid list. I can’t recall playing any of these
Gun-Nac is also great NES game that is often overlooked, one of the best SHMUPs on the NES
Rollergames remind me of Crash Bandicoot and James just convinced me to play it.
Natsume inc is also known for Rune Factory series.
"roo"
Destiny of an Emperor.  Nobody seems to remember this game but me. A super cool RPG that did a lot of stuff before modern RPG games popularized it.
Is it weird to say that I really enjoyed the NES game Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom? Don't be fooled by the silly title of the game, though. It's a fun, humorous RPG that was pretty ambitious for its time. Also, it's incredibly underrated. I enjoyed playing this game a LOT on the Wii Virtual Console.
3 Eyes Boy (Mitsume ga Tōru) is a fun platformer on NES, where you control a boy, who can shoot out various projectiles from his third eye. Never knew as a kid, that it is based on an 90's anime, still loved to play, the songs were also nice, especially the theme/final boss song.
Disappointed in this video….
This is kind of wholesome simple content from James I dig!
Always love it when you cover GOOD GAMES that I never got a chance to play.  Thanks James & Co!
Me who was expecting Mother 1/Earthbound Beginnings on the list : 😔
awesome
"monster in my pocket" was badass ^^ the music, design, difficulty perfect!
I don't think it was underrated at the time, but it seems like a lot of people never talk about Excite Bike anymore. I love that game, it's still a great pick up and play title that I legitimately still play regularly.
A boy and his blob? It was a kinda rare game here.
4:36 this really caught me off guard. I almost choked on my food.
Shatterhand
I feel 8 Eyes is overlooked and overshadowed by castlevania;  It's probably the best co-op game on the NES.  As for overshadowed terrible games... I have NO IDEA why Super Black Onyx  has gone unscathed by virtually everyone.
What about Guardian Legend? It's literally Nier Automata on the NES, but nobody knows it.
My friend had Vice Project Doom. I remember we got to phase 2 of the last boss but never beat him.
I never thought I'd complement someone's throw pillows but those mario ones are pretty dope.
I really enjoyed Kickle Cubical and Puznic, very obscure puzzle games.  The unlicensed Crazy critters was really good.
How refreshing at the end to see video by James and Mike
Very cool selection. I played all of these back in the day and really enjoyed them. Shadow of the Ninja is one of my all time favorites, but here in PAL territory it was called Blue Shadow for some reason.
Thank you for talking about Rollergames, That game was fun and badass and the soundtrack, mai gah! If someone is thinking of playing it, probably the brown one is the more balanced, pink is on cocaine, and blue can lose momentum really quickly. Another game I remember and I consider one of the best non-Mario bros Mario bros game is Don poko pon 2 (never play the first) of course, there are clear differences with the plumber game, but i can't see it other way. Really good soundtrack and there are some great levels and bosses here and there. I mean, it has one of the best spooky levels out there.
River city ransom  Maniac Mansion
Solomon's key was one of my favorites but hard to beat
these videos and ofc the nerd are the best
Xexyz  NES
Just to state at least one. Ninja Crusaders. It's a Ninja Gaiden-esque game with simultaneous multiplayer. It also has a special gimmick. You can turn into an animal depending on the weapon you carry. You also can get easy extra lives if you pick up a copy of the weapon you are carrying. In multiplayer, you can ride on top of the animal your partner is currently taking the form of.
My 5  1. Vice Project Doom 2. Popeye 3. Super Dodgeball 4. Lolo 5. Rygar
You mentioned it briefly in one of your AVGN vids, but Darkwing Duck on NES is a ton of fun and very overlooked
You should play Low G (Low Gravity) Man.  Great variety of weapons, cool vehicles you could control, awesome power ups (like the ability to jump two screens high!), unique enemies, and a killer soundtrack.  This was definitely on the top of my must play obscure NES games.
I actually prefer Chip N Dale Rescue Rangers 2 to the first one
i would love to know what the nerd thinks of the Yakuza games, especially Like a Dragon, considering that the sequel is coming out soon.
The Famicom game 'Empire City' had a first person gun view and it's actually pretty fun for a simple game
Shadow of the ninja is called blue shadow here on the uk
If you do snes I suggest rocky rodent
Krion Conquest is a good megaman like game.
M.U.L.E. is in my opinion the most underrated NES game! There's nothing like it! It's like a cross between monopoly and a sci-fi novel, and I love it
I keep thinking of shatter hand's similarities to the first game
We’ve been blessed with James content ❤
I think one of the most underrated games on NES is Little Nemo the Dream Master.  It's so fun + audio & visuals are top notch.
Crystalis was so underrated. There's a community around a crystalis randomizer now. it's great!
That's not a hawk that's a kurasu tengu a japanese yokai or mythical creature basically an a winged humanoid entity with avian crow like features you're welcome James do some more research if you like but that is just the tip of the iceberg
I like me some Dragon Fighter.
HOJO verse :D
Excellent video, can't wait to try these out! The only one I've played is Ducktales 2.
For five games you want us to give attention to.. you sure did spoil them by showing us final bosses... Kinda defeats the purpose of Playing them... Lol
The Battle of Olympus.
Guardic Gaiden / The Guardian Legend !!!!!! For me the best game on the system, also check the japanese cover art and the music ❤
rollingames with the rolling rocker drinking rollingrock
not an NES game, but Ripple Island on Famicom is a really chill adventure game that's pretty memorable for the few hours it takes to complete it and without spoiling anything is a game I highly recommend I'd recommend downloading an English translation though before attempting to play it
more people need to try out Bucky O'Hare, thats one of the best NES games ever made
Shatterhand And Little nemo are really good games
Well now they are overshadowed by Genshin Impact or whatever that waifu game was you were plugging.
I'm surprised you mentioned shattered hand without adding it to this list. I'd say that one was also pretty underrated/high quality.
gargoyles quest (demons crest predecessor) is good too
hope he does a series of these for nes and snes
Even after more than thirty years, every time someone says "Duck Tales" I still add the "woo-oo!" in my mind.
6:53 okay wtf lol
James, I dig that shirt! Never been into Jean shirts, but, that on is nice. Mind telling me where you got it?
the game "Plok" is pretty good and overlooked too
I’ve never got a response from James. Maybe this is it. I feel like James has been watching Mike’s Playthru’s.
Wow, I've lived all these years as an NES fan and didn't know there WAS a Ducktales 2, I now must go on a quest to find a copy!
Rollergames was always too hard for me, so I never found it that fun haha.
Purring Video Game Nerd. BTW, I had three of the five games presented. THey  were awesome to play back then. Rocking cats also had very good skill-check minigames.
Crystalis is my favorite NES game of all time.  Also on this list I'd add Low G Man. It had some problems of course but was really fun anyway. Ikari Warriors also was very good. Snake Rattle n Roll!
Panic restaurant - a game where you play as some crazy chef fighting food and kitchen utensils. It was one of my favorites as a kid.   3 eyes story - you play as magical boy with 3 eyes trying to save a girl. Pretty solid game. But I think it was officially released only in Asia.  I played it a lot as a kid too.
A Boy And His Blob is very overlooked.
Shadow of the Ninja is one of my favorite NES games ever, and I was hella happy to see this on your list! Great video, James!
4:40 It is indeed crazy to remember Konami like that. 😵
Sweet Home has become one of my fav NES/Famicom games!
Duck Tales 2 was and still is my personal best on the NES. I played it way before the first one and in my opinion it takes the cake. Nothing can top it.
Shadow of the Ninja coop makes it better than Ninja Gaiden for me.
I've been calling princess toadstool, princess frog shit my whole life. I never thought I'd hear someone else say it. Awesome.
"thank you for your coming" was a great ending. what are you talking about?
There was an NES game called Silent Service that I loved.  It's a submarine sim.  I suppose it stuck out to me because it was so different from everything else I had played at the time.
I like how the video title carefully avoids using the now-tired term "Hidden Gems."
I've played Rockin' Kats on a bootleg NES Classic.  Personally, my favorite Atlus NES game is the Wacky Races game, where you play as Muttley, and the goal of the game is to rescue Dastardly. Muttley's methods of attack include biting, barking, and tossing bombs, and he can hover with his tail, like in the Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines spin-off. The bosses of the game are the Wacky Racers.
Only obscure good NES game I can think of is Faxanadu, one of the major inspirations for Hollow Knight
Vice: Project Doom!  I thought I was the only person in the entire freakin' world who even knows that game exists!  XD
The Battle Of Olympus was overshadowed by Zelda II. It's challenging yet you want to continue playing because the music and game play is amazing. Definitely recommend it
I'm so glad the NES - NSO included many of these games, including Vice Project Doom.
James really needs to do a sequel to his NES collection video. I"d love to see more angles of the shelf.
Ducktales 2 is the superior game, and anyone who disagrees is wrong. Just the fact that you can pogo-jump without needing some button combination is a massive improvement.
13:40 'any nes games' Didn't that haunt you in a past video? XD
Just bring back JMM
Kabuki Quantum Fighter - Faxanadu
Love those kind of videos James tend to release, they are the best!
Thanks.
Never heard of four of these games, they're not Japanese only and they look fun, very impressive list!
Great video!  Have you ever reviewed Golgo 13?  That would be interesting
Man, when I bought Vice Project Doom at the retro store, most of my friends thought i was crazy. Not one person other than myself thought it was gonna be a decent game. Talk about a sleeper hit!
Over horizon is really good shooter. It came out in Japan and Europe but no us release
James that mention of the moon theme and ability to place it the best in the game it's why I still see you as the greatest YouTuber
Hurmagerd. I'd forgotten how much I loved OG Bionic Commando
James may be best known for AVGN, but his commentary on games he actually likes is top notch.
T & C Surf and TOKI
Which game was "thank you for your coming" from? It sounds familiar but I honestly don't remember
Nowadays Konami is synonymous with Pachinko Machines.
James with the demin button up
title is confusing  not overshadowed but underrated   ivershadowed implies that   something is not as popula because   there is another
Best YouTube channel ever! Keep it up! Also don’t know if you’ve done these but if not Section-Z, RoboWarrior, and Legacy Of The Wizard are all AVGN worthy!
Maybe the gun is some kind of Joker style weapon where it fires an extendo-fist. Or it's another case of the box art not matching the game lol
Journey to silious, captain Skyhawk, rc pro am 1 and 2, and double dribble
Do more videos like this! Simple and great!
was the list mike's list?
I love plain James more than AVGN or anything for that matter
I'd say Chip & Dale 2, Gun Nac and Fire n Ice. Saludos.
그는 신이야
Great list, was hoping you’d include Panic Restaurant!
The nekketsu series especially the  soccer and the hockey was underrated
Totally Rad was the game I grew up with, it's very of the time but the graphics were really nice and you have special power ups, well worth checking out :)
Crazy almost all the games you mentioned mike was streaming them on twitch not too long ago
I would say, Snake Rattle 'n' Roll and the Tiny Toons games (mostly the first one).
I'd never shame a YouTuber for having sponsors but there's something hilarious about hearing James say "from the creators of Genshin Impact..."
Rollergames? I'm getting PlayItBogart flashbacks ahahahaha
Clash at Demonhead The Golgo 13 games Dusty Diamonds All-Star Softball  These 4 are my top underrated games on NES Also, The Avengers NES game was really cool too. It was a side scrolling platformer
Thanks James.
Looks like Rockin Kats is still to be fully completed by James. Cuz he didn't show the final boss)
I had Rollergames and Duck Tales 2 when I was a kid. I completed both of them back then. Good games. 👍
Are you using a wonky lens or are the shelves starting to bend downwards in the middle?
I haven’t bought a NES game in 2 years until now. Thanks for recommending these games.
We need more and more videos on bit games
James, for a guy learning Japanese, you sure have problems pronouncing "ReeeeYou"
Solstice is a really cool NES game I don't hear talked about much. It's an isometric dungeon crawling puzzle kind of game with a really nice, dim atmosphere and a large map to get lost in. Just make sure to bring a pen and paper to take notes, otherwise it'll get really confusing.
Oh man, I love Duck Tales 2 so much more than the first one. I actually remember every secret/map piece location to this day. Absolute brilliant :)
I will die on the hill that little Samson is the best action platformer on NES but since it’s so rare no one ever talks about it
Wurm, Arkista's Ring, Renegade, Metal Storm, Silk Worm. Wurm journey to the center of the earth, it's so dang good
I LOVE Roller Games! People talk about Double Dragon and Mighty Final Fight and other beat'em-ups for the NES, but Roller Games is probably better than most. Except for the platforming section, which border the unfair territory, this is a great game all around, including the music. Even now, writing this after years since I last played it, I got myself humming the first stage music. Overall, it is higly underrated.
The Guardian Legend
Is one of the game Ghostbusters?
I hope you one day do a overlooked Amiga games video.
Lifeforce is the shit!
All great picks. I loved playing Shadow of the Ninja as a kid. Awesome music and gameplay. Vice Project Doom was also great, although I never really understood what the guy's weapon was. Didn't seem to be a sword to me but thanks for clearing that up.
A less angry video game nerd
Quantum Kabuki Fighter is one of the great lesser known games on the NES. If you haven't played it, you should.
Smurfs for NES, EU is great platformer with amazing soundtrack, unfortunately released pretty late and only for eu
For me it's "Ghostbusters 2" from HAL. I think that I'm the only one who ever played this game... It's absolute banger!
Any content AVGN makes is worth watching 👍‼️ Thanks James and the rest of the Crew
Fun House was one
"Let's take Ninja Gaiden and Contra and combine them."  How in the world have I not heard of this game before?!
Conquest Of The Crystal Palace!
The mention of Shatterhand made me so happy. That game is crazy good and has some of the best OST.
Crystalis
Amazing episode!
Vice Project Doom have damn great soundtrack music look for Vice - Project Doom (NES) Music - Stage Theme 10
Please do more episodes like the Contra one
One game that my brother and I enjoyed a lot in our childhood was "Wizards and Warriors 3". Not able to save the game was a real challenge at that time
I Think that there shoud be a One week video  of: Angry Video GOOD game Nerd Talking about the REALLY GOOD games.
"No bananas for you!" Haha. Loved this vid James.
Kabuki Quantum Fighter absolutely rules and no one ever talks about it. It isn't too expensive these days either, goes for about $20 last I checked.
Rockin' Kats always was one of my favorite games. I always liked a unique style and cool physics. But King-Kong isn't the last boss.
DUDE! Haven't even finished the video yet, but almost spit out my food when you mentioned Rollergames. One of my childhood favorites and I've literally NEVER heard anyone else mention it. Thanks for shining some light on this hidden gem!
My nerd still be putting out great content
Shadow of the Ninja is definitely a gem, it’s told to be similar with Gaiden series only because of Ninja characters, but level design is much more complicated and interesting, graphic style comparable to the beautiful Sunsoft Batman, and OST is completely out of this world. So epic and catchy. Anyway, great games you’ve chosen here. Cheers, James 🖖
Low G Man, Clash at Demonhead, Faxanadu, Dino Riki, Robowarrior, Wrath of the Black Manta, Jackal, Journey to Silius… that’s only a few hidden gems that I love.
Great content James can you please review time Lord for the NES in a future video.
So what you're saying is that Duck Tales 2 is bigger, longer and harder than the original
wow I cant believe you mentioned my fav Nintendo game lol Shadow of the Ninja was phenomenal
I believe that all these games are post-SNES... that is the explanation for why are overshadowed. VPDoom had no issue back then with the first stage being a shooter because we used to rent the games and play it anyway, even if the player rented/bough it without seeing the description and screenshoots on the back cover lol. Maybe those who knew it via emulation could be deceived.  BTW: You can fix these screen border draw issues using the Mesen emulator.  Cheers and really thank you for one more good video!
Two of these are on the nso so not that overlooked
Shattered hand was a underrated game too !
If we're talking underrated NES games, Cocoron is a really innovative Famicom exclusive game with custom character creation, non-linear levels and some very catchy tunes.
A very wonderful NES game a lot don't talk about is 'The Guardian Legend.' Its graphics are great, its music in incredible and action packed. And the Gameplay is Unique. Its like a mix of Genres! You have the Main Stages (Corridors) that are top down shooters, you have the top down Adventure areas (Fields) that are like Legend of Zelda, and it has status, weapon, upgrades and EXP like RPGs.  Your goal is to clear each Corridor on a planet taken over by an evil race so that you can cause the planet's self destruct program. On the adventure field you wonder around, looking for upgrades, new weapons and level up by finding level ups or reaching milestones in your score, so you can hold more chips (Your MP/Currency) as well as have more HP for the harder stages. You also look for the corridors there too. (Sometimes you gotta solve a puzzle to get it to open. The clues are somewhere on the field.) When you enter the corridors, you change into a ship and fly. (Yes, your character transform into a ship. Lol. She's an android. It has a Super Sentai style to it.) Shoot enemies and reach the end till you reach and defeat the boss. You would also earn keys for completing the corridors of an area to reach the next area.  The gameplay is really fun and I highly recommend it! The only downside that I can think of is even though the game has a lengthy game time, it uses a Password system to save your progress. Other then that, its a under-rated classic! I say give it a go if you can!  Developed by Compile, who sadly isn't around anymore. So its likely that the game will never see a re-release.
More videos of recommendations like this, please!
Stinger
i completely forgot about rollergames that show was badass
The Beast Wars show from the 90s is also Overshadowed by some people. You should check it out!!!!!!
Clash at Demonhead was a banger
Another really good NES ninja game is "Wrath of the Black Manta." There's also the two "Power Blade" games. And I've always thought that "Werewolf: The Last Warrior" would make a great AVGN Halloween episode.
Ducktales 2 can be found on a Capcom Disney compilation.
Jackal and thrilla’s surfari
James, don't feel pressured to make AVGN content all the time, I really enjoy you talking about anything, so do what you want to do. I'll watch it
Honestly, I preferred the Arcade Game to the NES one because I /was/ looking for Rollergames sport action. But the NES game isn't that horrible. I just feel like it gets buried under the prominent pile of beat em ups on the NES when an actual recreation of the sport would've stood more out.
i think Faxanadu is one of those overshadowed games. my first and favourite nes game. not too easy, not too hard. great adventure
2 games I've played that felt overshadowed was Nightshade and Kabuki: Quantum Fighter.  Both were very enjoyable and should be a part of anyone's collection.
Gunsmoke
Crystalis was my fav NES game
Keep up the outstanding work, James.
Metal Storm, Gargoyle Quest II and Kickmaster are underappreciated
Have you played Crystalis or StarTropics 2 - Zoda's Revenge? Those are the best NES games in my opinion. <3
Little Mermaid. Not too difficult, just nice accessible fun.
Awesome content James! Really appreciate it!
You forgout about Bayou Billy
Finally, Rockin' Kats is getting some attention! It's one of my childhood favorite games. :)
Nostalgia bombs.
Happy video game nerd
Im in the red truck at gregs shed
I always like Metal Storm, GI Joe an American hero. I had a chance to buy Rockin Cats for 90$ awhile back. I missed out.
Great vid dude
I'm waiting for the Genesis version of this list. Hope Quackshot is on there.
So new chinese gacha now on NES to?!😳
Guardian Legend, and to a lesser extent Blaster Master. Almost no one I've ever talked to knows this game.
Shout out to the ambitious and bizarrely sprawling  Lone Ranger on NES.
Rocking cats is so good man
It's a shame these games are overlooked, especially Ducktales 2 which should be as beloved as the original!
Gemfire baby, won't be everyone's cup of tea but it's the most accessible koie tecmo strat game. Fond memories of playing this for hours with my brother.
I know that your... Happy equivalent has already talked about this... about fourteen years ago, apparently, but it would still be interesting to hear you talk about the game "Nightshade"
I have been watching James ever since the origin youtube videos.  To this day, I have not missed one.
Guardian legend
Great vid Jim! In fact, you could prob make a couple more just like it I bet.
Great, finally someone who appreciates Duck Tales 2! It's almost like a lite metroidvania game and better than one with a secret level even.
Jackie Chan on nes is criminally overlooked
I love that this channel is still putting out great content. I’ve been watching since I was a freshman in highschool and now I’m 24 and about to graduate college. Thank you James!!!
1 that I always see slip through everyone's fingers, is Jacki Chan's Action Kung Fu. You'd think a licensed game about an actor would fall flat, since so many did on the system. But this one is an exception. Every aspect of it is great.
Holy sagging shelf, batman
The bend in your shelves is freaking me out 😖
there is also faxanadu. i find it weird that i see a see a clip of the game in one of your avgn intros, but you have never covered the game
Rockin' kats! I forgot all about that gem.
Secret Mike Matei-written video.
The content video game nerd
FIrst game that comes to my mind is Clash At Demonhead.
Would love to see more vids like this! Kinda reminds me of season 1 avgn without all the swearing lol but nice and simple and just James.
A friend of mine had Rockin' Kats so I've played it quite a bit. Don't remember if I actually ever finished it but the gorilla looks familiar.
Rollergames was also called DJ Boy in other countries. There's a DJ Boy arcade game which has nothing to do with this NES game, though.
I agree with the rest, this is very nice
We need more reviews of good games from James!
R.C. Pro-Am was an underdog.
I would love to see more of these.  James' picks n such.  My fav overshadowed NES games are: Battle of Olympus, Little Nemo, Guardian legend, Samurai Pizza Cats & Pro Wrestling
No one ever seems to talk about Crystalis!? I'd love to hear your thoughts or an AVGN episode of it. I remember seeing a snip of it for awhile on the AVGN intro back in the day.
Love these types of videos from James.
hey now, i like Eliminator Boat Duel
How about Crystalis?
Ayyyy, a new video from James! Always a must-watch
_Vice: Project Doom_ and _Ducktales 2_ are both so underrated. They're beautiful, have great controls, and have amazing music. These both deserve so much more attention.
There are quite a few I've only heard talked about a little. Games like solar jetman are very frustrating to learn at first but are very fun and innovative once you finally get it. The only thing I can compare that game to is the lunar lander atari arcade, but with a more action and exploration focus. Some other ones like the magic of schearazade (a mix between zelda and dragons quest) or the willow NES game are great top down adventure games that I also have not heard much on. Despite the later being a movie based game.
Those shelves are struggling lol. You need to replace them with steel.
the boss at the end of rockin kats isnt the gorilla!
Nice video, James! Totally agree on the idea that Duck Tales 2 is slightly better than the first game 😊 Here are my picks for the top five overshadowed NES games list: Dragon Warrior 3, U-four-ia the saga (although it was released only in Japan and Europe), Xexyz, Princess Tomato in the Salad Kingdom and Metal Storm
i sampled the Rollergames Pinball machine in a song i made hehe. BAD ATTITUUUDE!
MIGHTY FINAL FIGHT for nes is perhaps the most underrated game
Xexyz was always one of my favorites as a kid.
Luckily you can play Ducktales 2 in the Disney Afternoon Collection.
Yay, new video 🤗
Always nice to hear you just talk about stuff and share yourself with us, Mr. Rolfe. Thank you.
Rivercity ransom is mine, granted that just may have been my friend group (we all thought it was cowboy crap cause of the rivercity name and always passed on it )
Is it just me, or does Rollergames seem to be an early example of "body positivity"?
Finally an episode I can watch with my 6 year old. I really like this bizarro James.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a pretty underrated game on the nes , you should try it
Awesome video!
I like when James genuinely talks about games. I'd like the avgn style be more like this one, it actually used to be most of the time.
Great choices. I used to rent Rollergames with my cousin when I was 10 years old. We played the hell out of it and rented it additional days just to beat it. Took us 4 days. You know. Friday night and over the weekend... I miss those times.
This is lowkey a AVGN episode
I actually like relaxed and chill James. Don't get me wrong, I love the AVGN. But both personas have an appeal to me.
Mine’s definitely Lone Ranger. A good blend of play styles, even having first person zapper stages. Good music and license.
Capcom is well known for making the best "2"s.
codemasters have some good games on nes ,stunt buggies, f-16 renegade and super robin hood,
2 awesome games that come into mind are: The Guardian Legend and Kabuki Quantum Fighter
I think I might be feeling the arcade version of roller games, the nes  version looks like an old movie called solar babies or something? I think even played the arcade version. A beat em up on roller blades is like a cross between the whiz with Micheal Jackson and something other nostalgic.
Yeah I agree that DuckTales 2 is just as good if not better. Everyone says the first is way better.  Love the OST and it's just a polished late release game that's more forgiving
I was hoping to see KickMaster, my fav NES game, my first ARPG
A game I always had a blast with, but you hear little about, is Batman Return of the Joker by Sunsoft
About the Rockin Kats box art. if you look close enough (in the game) cat is actually shoots a glove out of the gun (by way i had this game as a kid and it was in japanese)))
He's the Happy Video Game Neeeeerd.
i always thought konami games were games made by nintendo because they are so good and very classic on the NES
These all look really fun!  I have wondered if they put The Immortal on the NES Switch library just to share the terribadness of it.  All good. Plenty of awesome games on that and the SNES library including the zeldas, marios, kirbies, and tons of other fun picks.
I really like this video format, hope you continue making more things like this
james being a normal videogame reviewer
For us Genesis/megadrive fans, i would like to point out that Empire of steel/steel empire is my number 1 underrated game of the library
Thank you for these games recommendations, hope you continue to SNES or N64 and other consoles :)
Hell yeah caught a new one!
It’s cool to see James put out another list video. You can see the passion and enthusiasm he has when talking about things he enjoys.
I could listen to the fuckin nerd talk about good games all day
You mentioned this during your Bad Game Cover Art special, but Shatter Hand is such an underrated NES gem.
I’m always amazed at how well punch out holds up over 40 years later
more of this kind if laid back content. love hearing about personal favorites :]
Totally Rad would be my pick of an absolutely overshadowed awesome NES game! The graphics, music, cutscenes and perfect gameplay! It uses a cool magic system where you control anything from time to life and the elements of nature with magic animations that actually evolve as the game progresses! It is misunderstood by everyone who hates on it even though they never actually played it.  As for Bionic Commando, it is still to the day one of my top 10 favorites games of ALL time!!
👇 ppl that wants more videos like this
That scream was waaaay too intense for that game 😂 it’s like dude ur just falling into an Astro jump or whatever! They’re screaming like they’re falling into an abyss or the pits of hell
Love that badass denim button up!
Konami was always a huge interest to me back then
Lol that promo in the beginning I couldn’t tell if it was real or some parody   Hilarious
Ah, yes, the AVGN's sworn enemy - Calm Video Game Enjoyer.
All im gonna say is  Getsu Fūma Den
Seems like these all should be thrown on the NES online thing.
Nice one James! awesome video!
I usually liked any game from ULTRA
What were they smoking
No one gives Mario 3 the credit it deserves 😔
2 uploads this week??🙏🙌
Love the content as always but it would be nice to show the names of the games in the description under the read more section kinda like a citation.
Finally... Happy Video Game Enjoyer
Faxanadu
I feel like Little League World Series might have been the best sports game on the NES definitely the best baseball game
Hi James Please make an Avgn episode on these coleco mini arcade consoles.
I had a feeling you’d mention Rockin Cats, James. I know it’s been in my memory since i played it many timed as a kid. I wanted to recapture that and play it once more, but it didnt come as a surprise for me to find out that it’s expensive. I hate it when nostalgia comes at a high price.
I miss watching James review the old classic movies from the 30s through to the 60s; all of his Universal Monster film reviews are amazing.
A few of my favorite "overshadowed" NES games are: -Legacy of the Wizard -Fire N' Ice (also known as Solomon's Key 2) -Mighty Bomb Jack
Oh hell yeah
I love this series can you do another please
wholesome videogame james
Captain Skyhawk for NES
Solid list, some great games there! Hope I'll get my hands on VICE someday, but it starts to get expensive nowadays. Some more games in the same vein: Mr Gimmick, low g man (!), solar jetman & guerilla war
Check out Mr GIMMICK if you can. They are doing a limited American NES release of it soon. It originally never came to the US, but it's one of the best on the console.
"Video by james and mike" Mike As in Mother f*****g Mike? 😃
Im still here for ya bud... Thanks for keeoing me so occupied over the years.... U ever think of streaming in avgn character?
The Guardian Legend, oh boy...
I've wanted you to cover Ducktails 2 for years.....one of the best game sequels ever made. It really feels like an upgrade to the first game that lives in the same world  Have you done an in-depth video on the Tiny Toons game?
Simple james > board james
Wait... he's talking about GOOD games for the NES? Seriously, like fire and brimstone comin' down from the skies! Rivers and seas boiling! 40 years of darkness! Earthquakes, volcanoes! The dead risin' from their graves! Human sacrifice! Dogs and cats livin' together, mass hysteria!
Vice: Project Doom looks amazing, gotta try it at some point
Guerilla War!!!!!
James on his Pharrell ish. Muhfuh, how how old is you? Keep going bro, your content from games, to classic and horror movies., on point. Rock on bro. 🎸 P.S. Rollergames, the NES game is madness difficulty wise, but dope.
I never grew up with NES games or Atari, I'm too young for that. But thanks to you I've always been interested in gaming history.
is it that hard to figure out the correct pronunciation of "Ryu" before making the video?
I would love more cinemassacre retro games top 10s
Roller Games! lol its like double dragon on skates haha i want it!
YES!!!!!!! THESE ARE THE VIDEOS I WANT! :)  THANK YOU JAMES!
Hoyoverse and James Rolfe this is truly the hugest crossover
Abadox
I actually played that Star Rail last week, reminded me of Star Ocean when the series was good lol. Also, the way you say Ryu is Reee u XD
Thanks James, please show us more good games in the future. Startropics and Willow were quite good too.
IMO the best NES scream is always going to be Solstice. Dying in that game was nightmare fuel, i'll never forget it.
what the denim?
There's another good title on the NES is called Moon Crystal check that one out
and the best games on nes was difficult as......
Metal Storm.  Check it out. You're welcome.
Theres something about things that are underrated or obscure that always fascinates me. I tend to give movies, shows, games, etc that are under the radar the benefit of the doubt and odds are ill someday give the games in this list a shot as well.
Roller games was hands down my favorite game on nes.
伟大的喷神终于更新了，快乐的一天！！！
Darkwing duck on Nes was pretty good, had a great 8 bit rendition of the theme song, and good music in general, though its kind of a Mega Man clone
One of my favorites in my NES library is Archon
So vice project doom is like bayou billy?
WURM is a pretty great game
Felix The Cat
I think Journey to Silius isn't talked about too often. Great game.
In Rockin' Kats the fist comes from the gun. At least that's what I've thought for all my life.
Cobra Triangle better be in this video.
missing PIZZA POP! JALECO!
I had Rollergames and I loved it :) I don't think I've heard anyone mention it in 30 years!
This is a glorious year for Cinemassacre content!
VERY Happy to see DT2 here. I had no idea it existed when I was a kid.
journey to Silius?
James, ive been playing the original gameboy for a while now and was wondering what youd say about what games are overlooked and underrated for it, i have a list of games i play but its not that big. Hopefully youll someday make a video like this for the gameboy except about maybe 10 or 15 of them with variety such as rpgs, arcade styled, puzzlers, and sidescrollers. Good job on the video!
all i want for Christmas is one like from AVGN
Was hoping for Solbrain/Shatterhand to show up here. Sadly not.
My Top 5 most overshadowed NES games are:  1: Power Blade 2: Solstice 3: Jackal 4: Journey to Sillius 5: Metal Storm
Thanks for the upload Nerd!
2:40 reminds me Journey to Silius first stage boss....
Man you've been doing this shit a long time and very well.  Keep it up.
luv u
Did rockin cats have left over blockbuster security seal on it?  Lol
Monster Party is super underrated!
Mind you there are still people who discover NES games for the first time. I have had a blast lately playing NES games i have never heard of before, or at best seen here on these videos.
This style of video from James is like a little drop of gold.  Also I really liked "Desert Commander". Don't really hear a lot about it.
Kick master
1:15 Where has that logo gone to? I haven't seen it in years.
The idea of Rollergames is cool a remake of it would be super random but like a fun platformer with good combat, they just need to nail the movement like jet set radio mixed with Final Fight
James: I can't believe that an Atlus game is good on NES! Megami Tensei fans: You just made a very powerless enemy today, my friend
get ready for these game to raise in value
Awesome recomendations
Nes Kickmaster was the one that was also overshadowed in my opinion
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I love James just sitting there talking to us.
AVGN became Happy
Do snes!
bro i miss your vids you are the OG GOAT
Power blade and Sword master (to a lesser extent) always come to mind.
Is it me or does this guy look like Australia's former PM Scott Morrison (but a younger version)?? Anyway love his videos! 👍
More of this shit yess no more reruns.
I guess you been watching Mike Matei playing...:)
I like Willie Nelson. Just like that, i like this guy.
Honkai Starrail is my favorite underrated nes game
Asterix on NES is also good fun. Great music as well.
Considering I watched Mike play it as a double feature with vice project doom, I think Sqoon deserves an honorable mention LOL.
4:46 i remember that game! it was very good and looked so nice... i played that alot
When it comes to Nintendo, There’s only One fucking Nintendo Nerd.
I remember you and Mike didn't care for it, but Little Nemo is a hugely underrated NES game.
The árcade version of shadow of the ninja at my dentist office still haunts me
Princess frogshit ROFLMAO!
I’m just gonna go ahead and put out a request for Konami. I know you’re pretty busy with Metal Gear at the moment but maybe if you have the time and in case you aren’t planning to do another Arcade Collection maybe you can drop this on Nintendo’s Switch Online service? Just a little request is all I’m not asking for much.
Love you man...
Wizards and Warriors
Puzslot : )
20 years of content about NES games mostly, yet early JRPGs remain untouched and ignored
Well, finally someone talked about Rollergames!  It's one of my favorite games, it's a really good game, but for some reason very few people know about it.
It's not Raiyu, but it's not Ru either. It's Ryu. Just like a "you" with an "r" on the front
I guess you can say Shadow of the Ninja is overshadowed? 🤣
Nothing can stop the belly flop lol
James those NES shelves are about to buckle!
Thanks for the video, James.
You can play natsume on Switch
SMB3 is the best one
i was really hoping you were going to include rollergames! god rollergames rules
Cinemassacre will always be fun to watch. Stay awesome james! You're the best!!
Did you ever review Lost Vikings? I was thinking about that game recently. Would love a review.
Watching the nerd pimp for some shitty gatcha game hurts my soul, thankfully the video is on point
I never thought James would advertise Genshin. A part of my brain has cracked.
James actually likes nes games?   I thought he hated games that he never plays
Awesome man!
When is the next AVGN episode come out
the ledge is back
New James content! Wooo!!!
The Happy Video Game Nerd
Woo!!!
Didn't Mike make this video 10 years ago?
last!
This could be a fun new series...but is jimmy actually playing the games hes recommending? 🤔
Woah, I'm early
Can we all appreciate that this legend has been doing this for 19 years?!!
Simple James content is all the people want (Edit: Not ALL the people)
*wazzup*
Sup
Hey yo!
Conquest of the Crystal Palace! NES 🤌
Nathaniel welcherts christmas adventure
Ooh, hope this becomes a series!
New Friday videos
Love AVGN and his fans!
Hi
All aboard the Honkai: Star Rail! Download here: https://hoyo.link/1bRmCSAd
Hi James 😊
Hi James 😊
