15:14 skipping over Joe Johnson 😂
Discuss 25. He got a fax.
POV: YouTube recommends this to you 5 years later
Love Pizza Bro
#nbawheel trade for a player but they must be 6’4 or shorter
Your hair made it look like you went cross-eyed at times haha
I think an awesome new GM series would be with the Knicks. They have a lot of young pieces and a rebuild can go in many directions
#nbawheel draft a tall guard or a smaller big man
Bruh you didnt even consider Siakam
love this channel for the content you started with , not this new stuff rip kings series
Need this series in a playlist
should’ve picked jalen lecque for good dunker
Suggestion: trade ur player with the most wins added in advances stats for a player or two that have less wins added to their team https://www.youtube.com/hashtag/nbawheel
Imagine thinking Tatum is better then Book
Al Horford is international, u should’ve technically went w him
The fact that Kenny knows yoboy pizza brings a tear to my eye
You're welcome for Ben Simmons.
#NBAwheel  Steal the best player of the last team that beat you
Yo boy pizza a legend
Goat kenny
#NBAWheel: at the start of the episode check were you are ranked on scoring through the league and then draft the scorer at that position. for example: if you are 15th in the league in scoring you get get the player who is 15th in the league for scoring. hope you understand :)
#nbawheel add a 99 Jayson Tatum on your team
Doesn't Al Horford count as an international player?
mmg did it first
#nbawheel trade for someone who played at a power 5 school
78 durability for AD a little too high 😭
#nbawheel. Trade away all but next year's your first round pick. You can choose what to get from the trade and if you actually do the limited amount of trades i suggest then this trade doesn't count
A thing that should be a must is limiting the trades you can do in an episode. We all know you can flip assets so i say there should be a wheel at the beginning of an episode saying how many trades you can make each episode or say a number next episode and keep it the whole series. #nbawheel
Challenge Wheel: sign any free agent have them start and score 12+ points in the game.  If you fail trade the original starter at that position for a 2nd round pick and cap filler.
I love this series already!!
#nbawheel you have to drop your highest overall player for the lowest overall player in FA of the same position or secondary position
Mycareer series
I was just watching yo boy pizza
#nbawheel: swap picks with the team you play if you lose, if the team has a better draft pick then you you have to trade up to it
@nbawheel give everyone equal minutes
How many times did he redo the intro to get the free spot
Wheel suggestion:Relocate the team
Episode 2?
Where’s the next vid Kenneth it’s been 7 days I’m fiending
#nbawheel Trade for a center 6,9 or under also switch your starters for your bench
It’s been a week Kenny WTF???
next episode?
Challege: whoever hits the most threes in a game gets a three attribute boost
whens the new vid?
wheel suggestion: bankrupt if you land on this you have to release your best player to free agency thank you!
Kenny trade Mike Conley for Tyrese Halliburton
Is this already dead?😂
Wheel suggestion: Do a fantasy draft and spin a number of times and each number you get corresponds to a player in your team that you cannot trade and must remain on team no matter what. The rest are the only players you didn’t land on are good to be traded
Al Horford was better than Gallinari
#nbawheel trade tatum for a random teams worst player
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
Start a new expansion team
It’s already been 6 days y’all, it better just be that San Fran trip!!!!
make your 6th man your first scoring option
trade your best player for someone at least 5 overall points different (can be lower or higher) example: trade JT for someone who is a 93 or 83. can include other piece like a two for 1
Trade all players of a certain position…example: trade all PG’s (based on 2k natural position)
#nbawheel give your best player 10 minutes of playing time for 3 games
#nbawheel: trade one of your starting 5 players for louie king
#nbawheel : Trade your best player for a random player in trade finder (using random number generator)
#nbawheel make 75 overall Jaylen Hands and add him to the team. High school legend we all wanted to see in the NBA
so will we ever get bronze ballers again
Where is the 2nd ????
#nbawheel you get to make a 85 ovr created player
Trade your fattest player 😂
#nbawheel trade for a rookie and start him for at least 25 games
Limit best players minutes
Wheel suggestion: buy a myteam pack and whoever you pull is on your team
Trade for a rookie
Trade lowest overall player
#nbawheel trade anyone but your star player for as many first round picks as possible
#nbawheel trade for as many 1st round picks as possible
random idea for the wheel: Trade/Sign Kevin Pangos (you can receive any player in the same trade)
CHALLENGE SUGGESTION: Score 25+ points with your worst player and upgrade him to an 80, if you win upgrade him to an 85
5:03 ?
Challenge Trade for 1 player from every continent (can't be on the team already)
#nbawheel the Simmons struggles challenge… you can’t play or trade your disgruntled star player until deadline where you must trade for an aging  star.
#nbawheel the Zions photo challenge…your star player returns from off season 30 pounds heavier then expected
#NBAWHEEL run a 5 man for the rest of the season.
You gotta play your whole bench throughout the whole season. Every player has to play atleast 5 mins a night. (Example. The bulls have 13 players on there roster. They gotta play every player a game for at least 5 mins.)
#nba use a random number generator and scramble the entire rotation
Roll 2 dice then trade those two players
#nbawheel get a the best toronto raptors player
Bring back bronze ballers!!!!
#nbawheel get a spurs player
#nbawheel send a random player on your roster to the G League
#nbawheel trade away your team leader in turnover
When he says he got it from yoboypizza and not MMG
Trade for an Undrafted player
trade for another player from the celtics starting 5
damn kenny shouldve drafted smart at SG over barton
#nbawheel since the all star draft just happened put on the wheel to trade for an all star snub in your opinion.
Draft any player that’s 6’1 or below
Trade for John wall or Russell Westbrook
Whelk suggestion: Play and WIN a game with your rotation completely backwards. IE: 15th man as #1 option and so on
#nbawheel Challenge: give 6thman minutes to the worst player in your team
Trade your starter at the weakest position for a back-up at your best position
Wheel suggestion: Get a trade for Dejounte Murray
Create a player rated 85 overall and release him to free agency
"Trade for a player who's birthday is this month"
The best international player that you didnt pick is Al Horford he's from Dominican Republic.
Wheel suggestion: have a 5 man 48 minute rotation with stamina on, so your players will play fatigued most of the game
Wheel suggestion: Make your 6-10th player on roster the starters for a week.
#nbawheel give Will Barton max minutes for 5 games.😋😁
#NBAWheel Play D-Rose for 40 minutes a game
#NBAWheel Get a player from free agency and start him for at least 42 games
#nbawheel do a 3 team trade with a contender and a bottom 3 team
Swap team best for other teams worst  Swap team worst for other teams best  Based off team wheel spin
#nbawheel make a trade with at least 8 players and 3 teams.
Copied the goat MMG
More Kings please, especially now that Sabonis is there and that Tyrese has been traded.
MMG
make your starting center a pg and trade him away
trade player with the best playmaking
Wheel suggestion: Random player in the 10 man rotation gets injured for 1 month.
#nbawheel College, where you do another wheel with the current top 25 and you can get a player from that college(Mmg wheel of mut inspired)
Break Kyrie Irvings ankles
Wheel suggestion: Trouble in Paradise  Your 2 stars can’t mesh together, trade one of your 2 best overall players
#nbawheel get a player who played with bron
Kenny watching more cavs might not be because they’re a fun team might be for  Cedi 👀
#nbawheel trade for terrence ross
#nbawheel relocate to a new city whos not had an nba team before
He did not just say klay Thompson is the best shooter
Trade for Zach Lavine #NBAwheel
Drop 50 points with your 6 man 👨 #NBAwheel
bad roster tho..
I can't believe how low Booker was on the poll. The Sun's LITERALLY chose him to build around and now they've been to the finals and are on of, if not the, best teams in the league 😂
#nbawheel Make your lowest overall play all 48 minutes
#nbawheel Trade for one of the untouchable (even though you might turn it off)
#NBAWheel Max out Simmons’s 3 point tendencies for one simulated game.
#NBAWheel Acquire RoCo. First game he plays at maximum minutes.
where pt 2 at
Trade for pascal
#nbawheel start the worst point guard on your team for 3 months
Get josh giddey
Knicks please
#nbawheel acquire a shaqtin MVP
Wheel suggestion: trade the best player on your team (who has been traded in their career) for the best player they were traded for.
#nbawheel: injury starting 5 for 10 games
Wheel Suggestions: Bad: "The Pacers and the Kings" Trade a player under the age of 25 for a player under a 75 ovr. "Fumbling a bag" Trade a low paid player for a much higher paid player on a equal level "The Big Leagues" Trade a player under 6'7 for a player over 6'11  Good: "Pawn Shop" Trade a player away that was paid more than 15 million, then use the money to get a player for a free agent, they can't be traded and have to be in rotation for at least 3-5 games "Student and Master" Trade a player under the age of 25 for a player that is older then 30. "Can I get some play time?" Give a player that isn't in the rotation at least 15 minutes for 3-5 games.
#nbawheel sign or trade for the meme himself Lance Stephenson to the team u do need a sg and Lance is your man😤
#nbawheel Trade for Chris Duarte, and have him drop a 30 bomb off the bench. If you accomplish this within the first 7 games you have him on your team you can trade for anybody you want under 93 OVR. If you fail, trade your best young prospect or pick (whichever is more valuable)
Give your best player an injury for 1 month #nbawheel
Wheel suggestion- give Ben Simmons the ability to shoot 3s(90+ 3pt attribute)
#nbawheel You can override 1 trade
#nbawheel sack your manager and recruit a 1 star coach
Wheel suggestion: trade for a player who’s never been an all star
#nbawheel add a legend of your team for 1 month
#nbawheel trade away your best player for the worst trade CPU offers to you
The best way to eventually end the series is to have a special wheel with 25 spaces and 1 says “this is the last video of the series” that you either spin at the beginning or end of the episode.
#nbawheel give the worst player on your team 40 mpg and put him as the First scoring option for a month
I will watch every episode of this series solely because Jayson Tatum was the first pick.
#nbawheel  Give every player in your rotation an equal amount of minutes for 5 games
Al-Horford was the best international bruh
trade your worst player for someone 10 overalls higher
Bro can you please get Ayo
suggestion: trade for a player from the last team u lost to.
#nbawheel : Draft or trade for a Canadian player
#nbawheel Trade the player with the lowest Jersey Number
#NBAWheel Draft A Brazilian Player on their Prime (Nene, Leandro Barbosa, Tiago Splitter, Varejao, GOAT Bruno Cabloco)! Love from Brazil 🇧🇷
#nbawheel trade for a player who is 25 or younger
#nbawheel make every player on your team get equal amount of minutes. This includes all 13 players
Get a 3rd star next to Simmons n JT
#nbawheel challenge for a game: hold the other team best player to less than 23 pts
#nbawheel Trade your best player from Chicago heheheh
#nbawheel trade for the player who scored the most points in the nba that day
#nbawheel Trade for Bol Bol and start him for a game.
#nbawheel trade your worst player for a teams 4th best player
#nbawheel trade away your 3rd best player for a teams worst player
Swap all the tendencies of your best and worst player
#NBAWheel Challenge: Trade your starting SG for a backup SG on a random team
Make the trades necessary to keep the Kings in the play-in. RIP
shoutout Cedi. In his bag the other night now he get some love
Trade your player with the highest contract and your 2022 draft pick for any player with a higher contract #nbawheel
#nbawheel you trade for Klay
#nbawheel Trade for a player who has played in the G League, and make then a rotational piece
#nbawheel : Trade one of your first round picks for a second round pick.
Trade a player for another player with more letters in his name
🙏🏾✝️
Wheel Suggestion: Make a Blockbuster trade with your star player to gain a different star
Suggestion: #nbawheel: Make your 5 bench players your starters for either the first 41 games or the last 41 games. (Each bench player must play at least 28 minutes) Keep grinding Kenny
#nbawheel trade somebody for the goat Alex Caruso
#nbawheel trade sabonis to sacramento and haliburton to the pacers
Devin Booker>Jayson Tatum
Wheel suggestions - trade one of your starters for a player with the exact same overall
Wheel suggestion : #nbawheel: Trade for a C with an overall rating of 85-99.
I love ya boy pizza
#nbawheel no threes for 2 quarters or turn your sliders from 3 point range down to 0 for 2 quarters
Suggestion for the wheel #nbawheel Help a good player get a ring: trade for the best player on a lottery team
Wheel idea that could be good and bad: You get 1 trade with no restrictions. Overall, salary, and value don't have to match. You get whatever player you want for whomever you want to give up. However, if you receive a trade offer for that player at any point throughout the season, you MUST accept it and keep the new player on the team for the rest of the season
3suggestions for next episodes: #nbawheel 1- Teammates starting five - Trade the starting 5 for 5 teammates of each player. So if you 5 players are: Trae, Booker, Ingram, AD and M. Robinson you should get a player from each team (Hawks, Suns, Pelicans, Lakers and Knicks) to make a new starting five 2- Get a lottery pick and draft a random dude from top 10 best prospects 3- Accept first 3 trades you received unconditionally
Why does he look exactly like MOMOFIFAHD 🙆🏾‍♂️
Wheel suggestion-  Good scenario Trade a player/players to the team that has same standings as you, but opposite conference (Any player)(ex. 5th seed trades to opposite 5th seed)  Bad scenario If you win next game, trade 4th best player. (Hope this can spice up the series)
#nbawheel add a player thats 75 overall or less with an A+ Potential
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
Wheel suggestion: Trade for a player who has a CAREER high in points of 20 or below...
#nbawheel trade for a player who has dated a kardashian/Jenner
wheel suggestion< add a player with 2 or kids
The most fun player from the 4 at the start is mitchell you can dunk over everybody
#nbawheel Trade for Jokic
Trade for a hornets player
Your starting Five can only be g-league players, sign 5 random g league players the g league starting five has to play for atleast 2 months #NBAWheel
#nbawheel  Make Every starter To their worst overall position and play a game
#nbawheel trade for embiid
#nbawheel :drop 30+ points with best player and if you don't drop him in free agency
#nbawheel add 100 pounds onto your starting pg
Trade at least two starters away in a single trade. #NBAWheel
#nbawheel: Free spot
Wheel of MUT……
#nbawheel one of your starting 5 “fakes” an injury for that game
Theres no way To lose games now that you got the Turkish Lebron on the team! The Last Cedi!
🤗😎
#nbawheel put a reserve in the starting lineup for a week
#nbawheel trade a player who wasn't drafted in lottery
The player that has the lowest potential with a minimum overall of 75
#nbawheel trade for a starter on the opposing team your about to go against.
Suggestion : start up bronze ballers again it was fun last year kinda dissapointed that the series didn't take off
Love your content, Kenny!
#nbawheel Trade for a current or former teammate of Russel Westbrook
#nbawheel. Get a triple double with any player
wheel suggestion : trade for robert covington
Trade idea: trade for a short king 5’11 or shorter
Wheel suggestion: Play a month of extreme small ball. Nobody over 6'7 in the rotation.
Random player from iowa
Wheel Suggestion: Hit game winning shots in three consecutive games to one up Derozan
Wheel suggestion trade your 2nd highest overall to the 8th potential trade option
#nbawheel Drop 50 points with your SG (with at least 3 3s made) if you get less than 50 points, you have to randomly trade him away.
#nbawheel If you lose, randomly trade away a player in your starting lineup.
Is the wheel shared so we can play along? :)
#nbawheel play a game with real player % on
Randomly pick a player (by not looking) and trade them for the 4th option on trade finder.
#NbaWheel Take 2 charges with Patrick Beverley in 1 game
challenge for a game: Hit 4+ threes in the game with at least 6 different players on the team
Another wheel suggestion: give your worst player at least 50% of total game mins for 2 games
Wheel suggestion: trade a 75+ overall player for a player with 74 overall or lower. Maximum of 1 draft pick added on with that lower overall player you receive (if applicable)
put simmons on curry and tatum on collins
Wheel suggestion Trade Ben Simmons for Jaylen Brown
Wheel of colleges
#nbawheel draft a player that has been in/ won a dunk contest
Start your worst player for a game
Trade best player for a teams worst player
lets go tatum!
Cut best  player
what an elite series idea im already sold on it from start to finish
Wheel challenge trade for Robert Covington and you know why
make conley untouchable
#nbawheel start the bench and bench the starters
Allow the Wizards to finesse you as a wizards fan it would make me feel better 😭
#nbawheel trade for a fan favorite (ex. Bol bol, boban)
#nbawheel move your 4 best player to the g league for 4 games
Suggestion: on part two you trade your best player but you have to accept trade 13 simply because that was your old number iykyk
#nbawheel. Run a small ball lineup for the entire video. Players can’t be taller than 6’7
My boy Kenny on trending
#nbawheel: make one that makes your top rated player a 40 overall
#nba wheel trade your second best player
#nbawheel sign the worst player in free agency
#nbawheel do whatever it takes to get spida
#nbawheel trade for the 1st overall pick/ or trade for the most valuable pick
#nbawheel trade/sign do whatever you need to get a player of ur choice
#nbawheel trade/sign do whatever u need to get Derrick rose
#nbawheel trade a player 80+
wheel suggestion: trade for a 3 & D wing who was been an all star
Trade for a player who never played in the Rising Stars game
Switch Simmons and Tatums positions
#nbawheel - trade away all of your picks but cannot trade for any additional picks for 2 episodes
Wheel Suggestion: Swap the minutes of your starters and bench players for the episode
Trade for a top 10 pick from last season and make him a starter and one of your top 3 options.
Sounds like wheel of mut from mmg
#NBAWheel put your 3pt shot success on 0 for an entire game
Cedi😍
glad he gave credit to yoboy pizza unlike most content creators would
#nbawheel trade for a Australian player
Maybe you can do a online league with your friends or some fans?
Wheel suggestion: Trade for Ben Simmons and turn his 3pt tendency to 100, you have to keep him in the rotation for a whole season before you can trade him
Have a height limit on your rotation where nobody can be Over 6’7
Trade for Jamal Murray and put him in the trade finder and do the vary last trade offer no matter what # wheel series thank you Kenny watch you every single day.
Can we get a season sim before we change to compare what the team could be?
Pick a bald player
#wheel trade for frank knilikina ( trade the person with the closest contract)
#NBAwheel.... Make a three team trade revolving the first overall pick
Wheel suggestion: Trade for Josh Hart and start him for 1 month #nbawheel
#nbawheel: Trade for any player from Australia
Wheel suggestion: Play with a center at point guard for a game #nbawheel
Wheel suggestion: Start 2 brothers for a game #nbawheel
Wheel suggestion: Sign/Trade for an Antetokounmpo brother #nbawheel
How about add the top 50 legends to free agency
Wheel suggestion: Sign any free agent and give him 30+ minutes for a game #nbawheel
Trade your best player for the goat Kevon Looney
#nbawheel put your best player into the trade finder and pick the third option
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
#NBAwheel: A simple one, just open a myteam pack and choose one of the players if you win ten straight games.
#Nbawheeel suggestion: start the bench and bench the starters
#NBA wheel,13 man rotation for 5 games
You should have a wheel with number of trades you can make in a video so like if you land on 4 you can only make 4 trades
best player #Spinwheel
"If your best player doesnt get 35+ pts in the next game you need to trade the 2 highest scorers of the game"
#nbawheel find a new 6th man
#nbawheel trade away your highest scorer
#nbawheel make 10 threes with a player   (You should reward the team for doing this) reminds me of the my team series you did. If you combine that with the type of challenges that were on actual my team I think you can make this a really nice series
#nbawheel best bench worst starters
People really picking Devin booker over spida? Be real😐
#NBAWheel bench your entire starting 5 for 2 games.
#Nba wheel… Kenny randomize scoring options for a month, saw that messed up six rings clippers video pretty good…
#nbawheel equal rotations, everyone on the whole team gets the same minutes
Suggestion: trade for a vet, but not a star. Has to be 10+ seasons in the league, but cannot be over 82.
#nbawheel Trade for your best player’s best current irl teammate
Mmg started the wheel. Don’t bring up pizza 🤢
#nbawheel Make a trade with the worst team in the league
Please push these type of videos out rapidly. It is amazing
#NBAWheel random player health and safety protocol - 1 week
TRADE FOR OUBRE OR IM NOT GONNA EAT MY VEGGIES
Good things for wheel: +2 overall to oldest player +2 overall to youngest player +10 overall to worst player Add random HOF badge to random player +5 rebounding o/d to starting PG +5 Shooting mid/3 to starting center +5 potential to random player +10 shot tendency to random player  Bad thing for wheel: best player 2-4 month injury random player season ending injury best player -5 potential best player -10 shot tendency trade random starter for 70-75 random trade finder for best player -10 d/o rebound to starting center -10 durability to all players -10 mid/3 shooting to random player remove all badges from random player hire worst head coach start worst player for 3 games  Challenges (reward/forfeit):  15 rebounds with starting PG (win challenge +2 all attributes, lose -3 all attributes) 5 made threes with starting center (same as above) score 130+ points (W- whole team +1, L- whole team -2) hold opponent to 90 or less (same as above) 100% FT% for a game as a team minimum 20 attempts (W- +2 overall to team, L- -3 ovr to team) 12 game win streak (same as above) Win a game where best player scores 0 points (+2 ovr best player, -1 ovr team) Win a game where worst player scores 20+ points (+8 ovr worst player, -2 ovr team) Win a game in which the bench gets starter minutes and starter gets bench minutes (+1 ovr team, -1 ovr team) Win a game where 2 players finish with over 30 points (+3 ovr to both players, -2 ovr team)
#nbawheel make a three team trade including the worst and best team in the league
lowkey fire, wish you played a game w/ this unit before ship someone.
#nbawheel: make the lowest overall in the team UNTOUCHABLE
#2KWHEEL suggestion: You can only adjust your benches minutes
#nbawheel give worst player on roster 15 minutes per game
#nbawheel trade for Stephen curry and Damian lee no matter what it takes
definitely the best series kenny could do
#NBAwheel trade for a player who has played for at least 4 teams
Wheel suggestion: trade your best player for the 6th or the 9th offer
wheel suggests. switch the starters and the bench minutes for the whole episode.
#NBAWheel - Trade for an IRL Maverick player
#Nba Wheel Get Ayo Dosunmo
#nbawheel only players 6’7 and below can play for a week
#nbawheel get a player with 5 or more defensive badges
Get Bruno Caboclo #NbaWheel
Am I the 1000 comment?
W
#nbawheel Trade your 6th best player
wheel: start your bench for 3 games with no subs
#NBAWheel draft Seth Curry
Ask Dmills for a player.
#nbawheel if your under .500 by christmas fire sale
#nbawheel set injury frequency to 100
Keep this going love it
#Tradeforrussellwestbrook
Suggestion, do a 3 team trade with, one of the best of your team player, than to another with one of the worst players and one with a middle team player.
Wheel idea (everyone plays worst position for a week) #nbawheel
Wheel: Get a Triple Double with ben simmons or you have to trade him
This is the best series on youtube please continue this
#nbawheel suggestion: simulate 5 games with a 15 man rotation
#NBAWheel In the next game you hop in, you can only take midrange jumpers.
#NBAWheel In the next game you hop in, anytime you’re up 5 or more, put in your 4 youngest players. You can choose the 5th
This is dope, excited for this series
#NBAWheel Start your 5 youngest players (25+ mins) for 5 regular season games or 1 playoff game
Load management, highest overall takes the night off #nbawheel
#NBAWheel Accept a random rule change in the off-season
#NBAWheel Pair your youngest 75+ ovr and your oldest 75+ ovr in the trade finder and accept a random trade
#nbawheel trade away your leading scorer
#nbawheel trade your youngest and oldest players in the same package
#NBAWheel Put your 3rd highest value player (3rd most stars) in trade finder with a late 1st rounder and randomly accept one of the trades.
Wheels make everything better
#nbawheel - go trade for the 2nd best player on a random team
Wheel idea: Trade for a guy who is 24 years old or younger and he is going to be untouchable
#nbawheel have ben simmons guard the worst offensive player on the court
#nbawheel add an expansion team
#nbawheel make your best player have the least playing minutes
#nbawheel: Trade for an Antetekounmpo brother and drop 30 with him in a game
Break the single game record for rebounds with Serge in episode 1 (because he was the bad rebounder).
Trade for a current Dallas maverick!
#wheel flipping your gameplan upside down so the 13th man go"s to pg and 12th goes to sg and so on
Wheel option: Go get draft capital, and scout to draft a star. (If the draft has one)
#nbawheel take your best player and randomize the shooting attributes ( just shooting to save time). A lot could happen good or bad.
Jayson tatum! Im watching EVERY. SINGLE. EPISODE.
this serious finna be a W!
#nbawheel : give your star play a 1 shot tendency
#nbawheel : give a player of your choice a 5+ boost to all attributes
#nbawheel : give your star player a one week injury
#nbawheel : get yourself a Chicago boy
#nbawheel : score 20 with the worst scorer on the starting line up
This is a hell cool idea definitely will be tuning in 😎
Wheel suggestion: trade best player for a player that has to be under the age of 24
#nbawheel trade all your second round picks for a 85+ overall
#nbawheel sign a bum to a max contract
#nbawheel I suggest to do a random number generator, whatever number it lands on you have to trade a player with that number
#nbawheel Perform a three way trade involving at least two players from all three teams.
Imposter Kenny.  Didn't start with "And we back!!!!". 1/5 stars.
Suggestion: #nbawheel Trade for the number one overall pick, and pick the lowest projected player (player number 150)
#nbawheel Wheel suggestion: Get a Lithuanian player on your team.
Wheel suggestion: Run a game with your starting lineup out of position. (Ex. Your center runs point and your point runs power forward)
So happy he got woo on this
This is gonna be so dope
Make a trade for Russel Westbrook
Wheel suggestion:Your best player can not play this episode
Keep it up Kenny, this series is already looking like it's going to be interesting as hell.
Challenge for this series, win a game where none of your starters score more then 10 points. They can score exactly 10 or less then 10 but no more. Good luck 🍀
put your best player on the bench
#nbawheel trade and add Robert Covington to your rotation for 10 games.
Trade for a young guy and get dragic to mentor him for badges
Trade for the lowest team on the Power Rankings first round pick for next draft.
#wheelspin 3 bronze for 3 random players on your team for 3 games
#NBAWheel the highest jersey no. to be traded to the pistons player with the lowest jersey no. Just make it happen lol.
Fo sho do more
Was wishing Kenny would scroll down further in the draft, could have considered Lamelo or Anthony Edwards for his first pick
#NBAWheel Play the whole game with your bench. No starter will play the game.
WHEEL SUGGESTION: Just before the deadline, check who has the 2nd best fg% on your roster . Trade that player with a 1st (only if you have one) for the 3rd offer that comes up in the trade finder.  Excited to see how this series turns out!
Give free agent 15+ minutes for 15+ games
WHEEL SUGGESTION: player lock a player for you next game out of your entire roster. Spin the wheel to choose you player. Play as that player in your next game
Been watching you for a minute but just noticed the Pathfinder Gloves in the back. So sick man 🤙🏻
#nbawheel put Ben Simmons and a second rounder in the trade finder and pick trade 7
#nbawheel accept the first trade offer you get from cpu during the sim
#nbawheel give all bench starter minutes 26+ and all starters bench mins 15 and under
Pick an Australian player
Video idea : do a simulation where the nba only has nfl players…
on the wheel you should have to relocate the team. on twitter you could ask for cities names and colors to put on another wheel
Wheel suggestion: Trade your best player for the worst team in the leagues best player.
Trade every player with a prime number
This series has so much potential.
Uu
#NBAWheel give Ben Simmons the ability to only shoot threes .
#NBAWheel give yourself a free trade .
#NBAWheel make your best player a 62 overall.
#NBAwheel Swap all starters minutes with bench player minutes for a game
Nice little shoutout for Gonzaga 💯💯💯 go zags
#nbawheel Draft a player who has played for at least 4 different teams. Draft a player who is/was injured this season. Draft a player from the team that drafted before you.
#NBAWheel Trade the most expensive player on your team
#nbawheel get 40 assists in one game for any player
Cut a player with more than 1 year left on the deal
#nbawheel start your worst player.
#NBAWheel Draft a player older than 28 who has played on 3 + teams
This is gonna be a great series
Its 1/8 not 1/7 lol
#nbawheel trade your best player
#nbawheel trade a player for someone from that players same draft class
Low key, I have seen guys like Alvin Kamara get arrested and guys got suspended so let’s say for a challenge like a 10-20 game suspension.
This looks super fun keep it goin
Wheel suggestion : Trade for a player who has made the playoffs in both conferences
#nbawheel no badges for a game that you play in
This sounds like a fire series
Wheel suggestion: Have a father and son in the starting lineup
Put your best player in the trade finder and let Siri chose the trade #nbawheel
#NBAwheel Trade any player with more than 4 turnovers in the last game played.
Trade best player on trade finder and spin a wheel to see what trade you do #nbawheel
Sign a 65 overall or worse to be starter for 5 games #nbawheel
New video idea! 5 star proficiency on extreme, build a 5 star team for every single proficiency and see which can win the title or titles seeing on how long you decide to do the video. You could even choose your favorite proficiency as the main team you want to win
Have to trade for someone with certain initials, if you land on this you then have to spin another wheel twice of the alphabet to get two initials. Ex: L.J (Lebron James)
6th man injured for 30 days #nbawheel
Make bench players starters for 10 games atleast 25min per #nbawheel
-5 speed on best player #nbawheel
Boost all players 3pt rating by 5 #nbawheel
don’t trade that’s bad just keep ur team bro, it just ruins the point of choosing random players
starter that plays the worst gets randomly traded in the trade finder
Do a number generator to see who to trade finfer from your team then randomly select a trade offer.
#nba wheel never play with injuries on
#nbawheel trade a random player on your team for the worst player in the nba
#nbawheel fire your head coach and sign worse coach
#NBA wheel trade your first rd picks for 2 2nd picks and start both those players for 28 minute's a game
Wheel idea: be forced to resign 0 players with expiring contracts for that year
#nbawheel trade your oldest player for younger player available
This background music 🥵
#nbawheel trade all ur picks
The d rose clip had me crying😂
#nbawheel get a player who USED to play for the Bulls no current bulls players
Best looking???  …was Kelly Oubre still available? If so, YOU WRONG FOR THAT KENNY
Kenny- trade for a player who’s a crowd favourite (eg: like bobby portis, Carmelo Anthony, Caruso)
JT was the right pick
#nbawheel sign the worst possible coach and staff
Only use the bench in the second half
Trade for a player under 20 or over 30
Sign a 60 ovr player, start him, and drop 15 with that player
make d rose untouchable
#nbawheel you get the best player in the league at a certain position, but every backup for that position has to be one of the worst in the league
Wheel Suggestion: Reverse the lineup for an entire week, best three players are in the reserves and the worst players are getting the most minutes.
LMAOO YaBoiPizzas trash ass #MMGGang
Wheel Suggestion: give every player on your team equal rotational minutes
yo boy pizza is an L
Omg yoboy pizza is my fav madden content and ur my fav 2k content I love this y’all may too 2 YouTubers rn
#NBAWheel  You have to relocate to Seattle
Trade Holmes for a good 3 and d wing and run small ball with Simmons at the five just to make the series more fun
#nbawheel  Trade finder your starting PF and choose the first trade option
#nbawheel trade your best player for an 85 ovr
Dad mode Kenny going crazy all 2022
#NBAWheel Trade for a tall point guard and a small power forward
do this but with MyTeam
#nbawheel trade for alec burks then trade for a superstar using alec burks
#nbawheel start your back up center for 5 games
#NBAWHEEL MAKE YOUR STARTING CENTER 6 FOOT 5
#NBAwheel trade your best pg for a short king(under 6'0)
Try to get a couple more young players in futur trade ideas....love your videos
#NBAwheel Most valuable trade piece: Trade for Alec Burks and then use Trade override to give yourself a classic KO4TQ Trade package in return (interpret this however you see fit)
Bad Suggestions: Trade for cristiano felicio
WENNYYYY
#nbawheel  Trade the best player from the last game you played
W series
Get a triple double with a center. Of u fail you have to lower his hight by 3 inches
Have all of your starters come off the bench and have to your bench unit run the starting line up
Make a trade with the projected lowest seed
Trade for a Foreign player #NBAWheel
Spin a wheel of teams and trade for a player from that team #nbawheel
#nbawheel relocate the team
cant believe he took ben over klay 💀
Honestly it’s a little boring watching com gameplay. I’d love to see this but with MyTeam!
You should do a thunder series
#nbawheel get a center with a 70 or under 3 pointer to hit 3 3 threes
#nbawheel : trade for a South America born player
#nbawheel trade for a player who has dated a celebrity
"at the end of the day its just the jerseys" *proceeds to get the team with some of the worst jerseys in the nba*
please don't turn this into another main channel lol the reason why i subscribed was because the content was different
Jesus loves you
Wheel Idea:Garbage Time Buckets God- Sub in one of the players not usually in the rotation and have them outscore the rest of their team in the 4th quarter
Damn bro jayson Tatum got terrible animations lmao. Dmitch the best In game
#nbawheel Sign, Draft, or Trade for a 3 And D player 3pt and perimeter defense both have to be over 85 ovr.
#nbawheel add an untouchable ( can’t be traded or affected by the wheel for the length of their contract)
Run a 13 man rotation for 2 weeks
Love to see my college getting represented with Richaun Holmes
I think it would be cool if you did a fantasy draft choose exactly who you want legends or not and then run it like you did with the kings maybe try to go for a dynasty.
Add trade whole team on the wheel 😂
Make a wheel spot for “ flip your starting lineup for 5 games” meaning your center plays point and your point plays center and so on and so forth
#NBAWheel : Bench Jayson Tatum for the next 2 weeks
Wheel suggestion: Have a bench player break a NBA record
#nbawheel Release your best player
#nbawheel Starters come off the bench and play bench minutes
Make your worst player the #1 option and the most pt for 3 games
Trade for the a KO4TQ legend
Trade for an all star snub
#NBAWheel trade for an all star caliber player that has a below 80 shooting tendency.
Yay new series
Kenny I love you but that reaction to getting that first free spot was fake as hell. Rigged smh
#nbawheel Trade your 3rd best player to the 3rd trade option in trade finder
#NBAWheel: Trade for any former Most Improved Players (Randle, Siakam, Ingram, Butler, etc.)
#nbawheel trade for a center or power forward under 82 overall
Wheel idea: make your starters get no minutes but the worse player on the team 48 minutes for 10 games
LETS GO MAVS!!!!!!
#nbawheel : go to your advanced stats and trade the two players with the lowest EWA
#nbawheel trade starting lineup
Trade away your highest rebounding player
make a spin on the season wheel where you can trade anyone/anything in the trade finder but you must to trade 13
Wheel suggestion: spin a wheel of positions. Whichever position it lands on you must trade every player at that position.
Trade for a 90+ but he has to play 6 man in the rotation #wheel
Idk how to improve it but loved this video only wish u played a game but i get it this is time consuming. Excited to watch the rest of this series
#nba wheel  under 24 nba team
Suggestion: #nbawheel Relocate your team to Canada
#NbaWheel Draft a player that is classified as disappointing this season
#nbawheel:use a center to score 3 threes
You should trade a 60 overall for a superstar
#Nbawheel  Set your best player to play no minutes.
#nbawheel play/sim an entire week with the sixth thru 14th players (bench all the starters and dont play them)
Make Pat Bev a SF pretty sure his overall still goes uo
As a fan of 7-Footers, I'm offended you didn't draft Jrue "Jrue Holiday" Holiday.
#nbawheel trade for kyfier Sykes
15:41 I mean Green is 3 overalls higher but Glenn Robinson the third is like that lol🤣💯
#nbawheel Trade for a former 6th man of the year
Put trade difficulty at 100 and trade for a 88+ player
Challenge idea” you rebuild a team like normal then do a nba quiz on anything doesn’t matter for every question you get wrong u do a random number generator 1 to 12 and what ever number it lands on u get rid of for example if you have lebron and u land on number 1 u have to trade lebron by trader finder and then u use number generator to do which trade to do
u have no idea how excited i got when u drafted tatum. this a series i’m sticking with til the end
I think it’s so stupid to have multiple channels. Cool no one cares what I have to say.
#nbawheel make a wheel of your top 10 favorite players and trade for the one it lands on
Kenny said God Dammit, I aint ever heard him curse before lmao
#nbawheel Accept every trade offer for a month
#nbawheel Keep the sliders down and break at least ONE single game nba record (pts., rebounds, assists, etc.)
#NBAwheel Pick a random western conference player, grab them, and trade them up to a superstar
#nbawheel Start your C at PG for a game and PG at C for that same game
Would love for you to put the link to the wheels you use in the description or something so we can do it along side you. I normally  throw your videos on and just do whatever challenge or series you're doing.
#NbaWheel run a 12 man rotation
#NBAwheel  Switch the starters and bench units minutes for the next 5 games
#NBAWHEEL turn user 3pt shot success to 10%
#nbawheel make your best players offensive consistency anywhere from 25-50 (whatever you find best). this could be bad or not matter at all. if your best player is someone like curry, this is gonna hurt. but if you’re best player is someone like jarrett allen, someone who isn’t known for scoring, it might not hurt as much. love you kenny!
Dlo had 50 badges thoo 😭😭
Trade conley inmediatly, he regress like crazy on the second season
#nbawheel get 10 rebounds with your starting sg
I think you should get a young PG, and get him mentorship through Rose or Dragic.
#nbawheel Kenny make the cpu shot sliders  100 percent THEY CANT MISS
Your 3rd best overall player is now untouchable for the rest of the video.
#nbawheel Up the trade difficulty by 15 points.
#nbawheel  Relocate the team to Vancouver
#nbawheel Sign the lowest overall player in free agency and make him have a 99 potential
No kizzy papa meags (mmg) better then yoboypizza
#nbawheel run a 6 man rotation
#nbawheel trade for Jae’sean Tate dude can do anything and everything.
#nbawheel suggestion: Include someone on your team that was on the NBA 75 (active players of course)
Wheel suggestion: make a scrub (<74 overall) score 40 points in a game
Trade for a player from nj
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
Yo boy pizza is trash 😭
12:30 it was actually horford bro 😂 hes dominican
Can we add Ben Simmons hurt his feelings to the wheel and you have to sit him for at least half a season
#nbawheel sim a game and whoever misses the most shots must be traded
Trade away Jayson Tatum for a 2 round pick (player or pick)
#nbawheel: James harden for Ben simmons trade, trade a great shooter but with poor defense for a trash shooter (Ft too) with great defense (u have the chance to change position)
day 3 of asking kenny to bring back bronze ballers.
#nbawheel run a 13 man rotation where your 9th through 13th men get 35 minutes
waiting for more from the bronze ballers series u started, that shi was amazing
#NBAWheel complete a 3 team trade
#nbawheel only 1 player can score for an entire quarter. (Can be a quarter and player of your choosing)
Trade for a player that currently plays for an animal team (bulls, grizzlies, pelicans, timberwolves, hornets, hawks...)
#nbawheel  Idea: have a wheel for game challenges, spin it before each game. Have a reward wheel and a punishment wheel. If you hit the challenge goal, spin the reward wheel, if not, spin the punishment wheel. Shoutout to C4’s Madden pink slips series
Play Goran dragic 48 minutes for a game
#nbawheel start your reserves for 5 games
Isn’t Al Horford technically an International Player?
LETS GO MAVS FANS!!!!
#nbawheel trade all current season draft picks for no picks in return
Trade for the worst contract in the NBA
Draft/trade for a player who was drafted 50 or more #nbawheel
#NBAWheel bench your best player and give him less than 20 minutes
#NBAWheel: trade for jordan poole and play him all 48 minutes in a single game
#nbawheel sign a g-league player
Thought Tatum was 19 🤨
#nbawheel trade your best player for a bad contract
Trade for scottie barnes
Wheel Suggestion: Cut the youngest player from your team
Wheel Suggestion: Get a 90+ overall with your worst player
Release your best play and a free trade where you can override one trade
Ya boy pizza is a bum how dare you disrespect MMG
Wheel suggestion- play your shortest player at center for one episode
Wheel Suggestion:  Trade for an all-defensive team player
Hardest name to pronounce must be a starter
#nbawheel  -make the 3rd best player on your team 5 inches shorter -make the 5th best player on your team 3 inches taller  -change the system proficiency to the system with the least amount of stars -trade for anyone who has played in the olympics -sign any free agent and start them for one game -add an expansion team to the league
#nbawheel Make your team a 13 man rotation
Yo boy pizza is an L although he has a very high motor he will never compare to the 6’5 king Papa Meags
I love the idea… but I had to turn it off right after you picked Simmons over klay and Conley over my boy dlo
#nbawheel Randomly change every players position
Nooo should have got fox
#nbawheel find someone to start at center for 10 games who's hight is under 6'9
#NBAWheel suggestion - make every one on your team 5’4   LIKE THIS SO HE WILL SEE PLEASE❤️❤️
Kenny please keep this series going
@nbawheel Put the worst players as the starters for half the season
Wheel suggestion sign the worst player in free agency and have him play 48 minutes for 1 week as the #1 option
Could you put these on your YouTube community section as well please my man
#NBAWheel trade your 3rd best player for strictly draft picks
Trade for a current Chicago bulls rotational player
let’s fucking go that’s so sick
Make Ben Simmons 3 point shot a 90
NICE SERIES DBLRORBEBIR
#NBAWheel random player has t get a triple double next game and if not he has to be traded.
I swear you always get the mavs I'm not complaining they My fav team so
#nbawheel  You can only score 3s for a game but the twist is you need to hit at least 70% of them
#NBAWheel Get a triple double with a bench player
Let’s GOOO!!!! Mavs Fan For Life!! #MFFL
#nbawheel make 5 trade finder trades of your choice
Do a trade finder with your leading scorer. Have a number randomizer pick what trade you accept
Turn trade frequency to 100 and accept every cpu trade for the whole video
#nbawheel  Take a bottom 3 roster player and give them 99 potential
trade for a 6th man outside Europe & North America.
Tbh the team ain’t bad. Uu got play making defense scoring shooters. Uu just need better bigs but this series finna be fire
trade for buddy heild #nbawheel
#nbawheel Trade for a pg that is 6 ft and under & a 4 and a half or higher
#nbawheel give your PG max playmaking stat for all playmaking stats
#nbawheel fire all staff and get new ones
#wheelofNBA add Felicio to your team
Let's go, I love yo boy pizza and you and now I have the best of both worlds
#nbawheel trade for 2 first round picks
#nbawheel swap a starter with the opposing team
#nbawheel Run a triangle offense for a game
#nbawheel go 7 man rotation
Change every starting 5 players position until all star break.#nbawheel
multiple series on this channel is a w
MMG should get credit edit: I thought he was doing wheel of 2k
I think you should switch Simmons and Tatum at the SF/PF spot bro! That way you can even have Tatum run SF/SG and drop to the Shooting Guard at times
#3rd best player on the hornets
Suggestion Trade with the hawks
My dude this channel is awesome, I hope you don’t ever give up on it. Wish more of your KOT4Q viewers would come over and join the party like I did.
Wheel suggestion: Bench your star player for a month (0 minutes)
Yo boy pizza is the best great idea
This channel should also be where old failed challenges get tried a second time
#nbawheel You’re starting rotation for the next 5 games has to be in alphabetical order (by surnames)
#nbawheel trade for a player who looks like they’re packing that MEAT
Best international player available would be Al Horford
Wheel suggestion: get a whole new coaching staff
run a out of position line up
#nbawheel: turn salary cap off
design new mav jerseys, their current options are trash
Hey Kenny I love the video and this new idea. Could you please make Tatum the 3 and Ben the 4. My ocd is going thru the roof
In game wheel idea: Don’t take any 3s in the 4th quarter (or whole game idk how you want it to be)
#nbawheel - fire your current coach and hire the worse coach available
Shootout to my mans Pizza
#nbawheel Put your best and second best players in the trade finder and use rng to make the trade
#nbawheel Bench your best player for a month.
do absolutely everything to get stephen curry, since we live in a world of untouchables
Bruh I cant wait for the next EP. Please make it quick lol
#NBAWheel Sign a 30+ year old Free agent and give them at least 15 minutes
#nbawheel flip your starting rotation. (PG at C, SG at PF and SF stays the same)
#nbawheel trade for a player with a 7’2+ wingspan (s/o masai)
Kenny you should try playing myteam I think you’d like it 😎
I'm hungry for more. Can't wait for you to start playing.
#nbawheel give your worst player 48 minutes
#nbawheel make your best player's speed 25 for 1 game
#nbawheel make your rotation a 6 man with your worst player being your 6 man
#nbawheel make will barton untouchable for the entirety of his contract
#nbawheel Kenny- An option on the wheel should be a 5 man rotation for a week, but one player is 90+, on player is 80-89, one player is 70-79, one player is 60-69, and one player is the all star from this year with the worst defense
#nbawheel trade ur best player for ayo dosunmu
#NBAWheel Reset the age of a random player on your team
Need episode 2
Ice Age: Buck Wild getting some free advertising from my man lol
Hi Kenneth Beachamworth
Such a good idea.
#NBAWheel trade away all your draft picks.
#wheel trade for the most accurate to the player your trading
Wheel suggestion: Trade for a player who has at least three championships
Thought it was drought
#nbawheel challenge: you can't make any free throws. When you go to the line you need to hit very late so it automatically misses the ft
Didn't expect a YaBoiPizza reference. Love the idea
#NBAWHEEL Challenge: Win an award with one of your players (MVP/ROTY/6MOTY/MIP/DPOY), NOT a week/month/game award
Wheel suggestion: in honor of Simmons, score all your points without 3 pointers for a match
#nbawheel give 40 mins to best player
Kenny take a look at TacTixHD’s NHL22 franchise series. He does 1 season an episode, after 10 episodes he let’s his viewers pick the next team. It makes you build a championship team but you also have to focus on the future too
#nbawheel draft someone from duke
#NBAWHEEL Give Derrick Rose 40 minutes from the bench
#NBAWHEEL Relocate to Seattle and name the team Seattle SuperSonics
#NBAWHEEL Sign a free agent and release your tallest player, if two or more have the same height it's your decision who leave the team
#NBAWHEEL Trade DERRICK ROSE for 1ST round picks (at least 2)
this video idea is heat 1of1✨🚀
#NBAWHEEL Relocate the team to LAS VEGAS and change the uniform of the team (you can stay in blue but different style)
love ur kontent kenny
Trade for a former teamate of Javale McGee
#nbawheel spin an NCAA team wheel and add a player from that team
#nbawheel run a 13 man rotation
Trade derrick rose and a pick for a solid 6 man
#nbawheel trade for someone that played at kentucky
W
#nba wheel…. Joe. Ingles.
#nbawheel spin again and do that spin twice.
Challenge: Get double digit rebounds with your third string C/PF
#nbawheel sign Isaiah Thomas
#nbawheel sign the largest contract in free agency
Fire your whole coaching staff #nbawheel
#nbawheel you should have to make a trade for a player on the opposite team in the conference. What that means is if you trade Ben who’s on the 5 seed atm, you have to trade him to the Mavs who are the 5 seed. You can trade whoever but it has to be to the opposite team
#nbawheel Game Suggestion: Break the record for most points off the bench set by Jamal Crawford (51 points) preferably with drose so you don’t cheat by moving jayson Tatum to the bench  Rotation suggestion: play a game where your bench starts and your starters come off the bench. You don’t need to adjust minutes it’s just makes the opening and closing minutes harder
Ready to see what else happens in this series!
#nbawheel make every player on your team 3 inches taller
#nbawheel sign someone from the g league and give them meaningful minutes
Trade anyone for Furkan Korkmaz
#nbawheel change the system to the second best
wasn’t al horford the best international player available when you picked up danilo gallinari?
#nbawheel trade your oldest player for the youngest or trade you youngest player for the oldest so if you have josh giddy you go down the list of the oldest players it has to be a player for player trade
Wheel suggestion: Trade oldest player
Kenny I think you should also do a MyNBA Series where you start with an expansion team (have the subs vote on the team) and with that you can hand pick your guys starting with the expansion draft and make hopefully a realistic rebuild. You can even keep the wheel penalty for times where you fail different challenges in games, ones that make the game harder like get 10 rebounds with your worst rebounder. Or Like if you have X amount of turnovers you have to spin. Each penalty you spin. If that makes sense. Maybe even add a rival expansion team that if you fail a spin challenge you have to trade them your best player.
You should have optional high risk high reward challenge every game , sounds like it would keep it interesting
#nbawheel give the worst Player on your Team the most minutes (at least 36)
#nbawheel Give a 70 or lower player 30 mpg for a episode
heck yes, heck yes!!!!!!!
Bangers only over here
Trade for and start Tomas Satoransky
#nbawheel trade your worst player until you get someone 85+OVR
Add a season ending injury to a random player on your team to the wheel lol #nbawheel
Play Ben at pg trade Conley & Barton for a ungrade at sg or sf
#nbawheel “back to the roots” win a game without attempting a single three pointer
#nbawheel: bench your starters for 5 games
#nbawheel: trade your best player for someone in the same draft class
#Nbawheel: break the most 3 points in a game record…with Ben Simmions .
#NbaWheel: Bring back a version of magic Johnson to your team!
#nbawheel: score 20+ points with Derrick Rose
#nbawheel : force lose your next 5 games
#NBAWheel Flu Game: Give your star player an injury they're able to play through for the next game
Thank you kenny
#nbawheel : force win your next 5 games
#nbawheel: trade away your best rebounder
trade for a bad shooting point guard
#nbawheel sign cristiano felicio and make him the first scoring option
#nbawheel : have somebody score your teams first 10 points in a game
#nbawheel  trade your starting pg for a center
Max Sliders
Sign Giannis
#NBAWheel Choose one player to put back in their prime but you have to put them at their worst position
People be missing out that ain’t subbed to this channel
Wheel suggestions :  - shoot at least 5 threes with Ben Simmons - simulate 5 games with Ben Simmons having 100 3 point tendency - score a new career high with derrick rose - you are not allowed to pass with Jayson tatum  And keep the series up that’s obviously a banger
#Nba Wheel: Relocate the team to… Antarctica.
Wheel idea: put the lowest shot tendency on the team as the first option and make them a starter
#nbawheel trade Ben Simmons for Klay Thompson
#NBAWheel  starters are injured for one week of the month that you play a game
#nbawheel Trade for the worst teams first round pick for this year
#wheel start your worst player
Jt 🔥
#nba wheel series) Start your worst player for the next 3 games
Bring back Kenny Hardaway next gen or current gen
Wheel suggestion: if you hold Steph curry to 2 three pointers or under you can make any trade you want
PAT BEV CHALLENGE: Start Pat Bev and user guard Curry for every minute that Steph plays. He has to score more points than Steph and win the game!
Turn on Stephen rule #NBAWheel
I was so confused by the poll at first but then I was like it’s prob for a video 😂 glad the man jt got picked
#nbawheel have a five men rotation for a game (you can lower injuries for this game)
Lesss go as a Celtics fan JT a beast
#NBAWheel start your worst player for 10 games
#nbawheel trade for a player from the kings series
#NBAwheel: trade for a player on a team over .500
#nbawheel: trade your star for a better star pls use Kenny
#NBAwheel trade 80+ player for a second round pick. Cause you know got be the blazers real quick
#nbawheel Trade your 6th best player for the 2nd trade option
#nbawheel Challenge: Use a 15-man rotation for a month.
The best international player was Al horford lol
Day 97 Draft a player of each position  Immediately make those players starters  Win a championship  You cannot trade the draftees and they must be starters for the whole challenge
#nbawheel : trade for and start a rookie from this years rookie class
please keep this going🔥🔥
Fire series, looking forward to more episodes🔥🔥🔥
Have 15th player on the team get at least 20 minutes #NBAWheel
#nbawheel Rebuild the team for the currys
#nbawheel hire the worst coach available
This series sound amazing! Here's a wheel Idea. make one of your 70-79 overall an untouchable player. #NBAWheel
#nbawheel Two suggestions here 1. Beat the single game 3PM record with a C/PF (Original positions only) 2. Beat the single game 3PM record with the player 3 point slider on 25
U should play myleague online
Wheel suggestion:  Treadaway best overall On team in trade finder random number generator
Wheel suggestion:  Trade away your biggest and smallest contact for anyone in trade finder
This is lowkey a w team
13:22 I’ve been chosen 🤣🤣🤣🤣 I’m assuming Kelly Oubae was drafted already
Wheel suggestion: An alley oop per quarter for one game
Wheel suggestion: Blindfolded trade
#nbawheel run a 13 man rotation and coach decides the minutes for that rotation
#nbawheel Trade your best player for Drew Eubanks
#nbawheel : draft a player who has gone to high school or college in New Jersey
#nbawheel Play a game with real player % shot timing.
Wheel suggestion: Give a free agent a long term contract (3+ years or 2years plus Player Option)
#nbawheel everyone on your team has 25 three point rating for one game
Wheel idea or challenge idea: give your worst player max minutes playing time and he has to take more 20 shots for 3 games.
WENNYTOOOOOO
do what clique did with dame
#NBAWheel you can't continue the series until you trade for LeBron James even if you get an entire lineup of 60s around him
Kenny why are you the GOAT
bol bol
bol bol
bol bol
bol bol
bol bol
#nbawheel: Acquire Robert Covington
bol bol
#NBAWheel: Draft a player with Above Avg DEF but below Avg Passing
bol bol
bol bol
bol bol
bol bol
#nbawheel fire your coach for a coach that fits your system the best
#nbawheel : your best player can only play 10 minutes in your next game
#nbawheel trade for a Chicago player, can be any of your choice
#nbawheel adjust the sliders so the opponent has 75 on everything and your team has 25 on everything for a game. If you win you get to add a free spot to the wheel.
#nbawheel Trade goran dragic for a SG and that SG has to start for the next 3 games then gets traded( the last step is optional ).
#NBAWHEEL Trade your Star player for another equal good star player
#nbawheel trade for a player that played in kings franchise
#NBAWHEEL Make your starting five have 99 shot tendencies
Respect from Italy!!!  Don’t trade Gallo plsssss :))
#nbawheel : trade for a player that is under 6ft, SHORT KINGS STAND UP
#NBA Wheel   Trade for 5 First Round Picks and 5 Second Round Picks, no matter what
#nbawheel  Score 25 points with your 9th player
#nbawheel simcast live a game
I love it when Kenny is having fun while recording vids.  Check out the rebuild challenge Kenny just did on his other channel as another example if you haven’t already.
#NBAwheel replace your highest overall player, with the youngest player at that position on your roster
#NbaWheel Losing Streaks = Trade A Rotation Player
For one of the challenges for this series you should have to start your second unit and give them the starter minutes and you can’t do the subs if you play that game.
Call Pierre and ask him to name an NBA Player then you have to go out and trade for that player.
#nbawheel use a 15 man rotation and use a random number generator to choose a player to put up 20 and 10
#nbawheel: Break Ben Simmons career high in points.
Please
#NBAWHEEL Draft the best player the team you landed on ever had
Trade 2 players for 1
This series is a banger already 🔥🔥 lets goooo
Lookup jay Canada spin to win. Do that series
#nbawheel invert the best player on every team’s overall. I.e. a 97 becomes a 79, 92 becomes 29.
make Stephen Curry 7’6” for one game #nbawheel
#nbawheel Bench ur best player for a month
Do the same series but with okc please dude
#nbawheel Challenge: give you're second best player 0 minutes
#nbawheel: trade for a Kenny For Real All-Star
Wheel Suggestion: trade Ben Simmons
#nbawheel: play a 13 man rotation
#nbawheel trade for a player over the age of 32 with a $5 million+ contract
Crazy the lengths we gotta go through just to have fun with the game
#Wheeldraft  Bench and starters switch minutes for 3 games
#nbawheel trade a starter for someone shorter, shout out short kings 🙏
#nbawheel Randomize your best players shot tendency
#nbawheel Challenge: only use bench players for an entire quarter
#NBAWheel trade your best player for a lottery team's best player
Play a zone defense for an entire game #nbawheel
Love the idea Kenny. Excited for this series!
#nbawheel Delete Ben Simmons From the save.
Video idea!: this is lengthy but, spin a wheel for every NBA player in the game to decide what team they go on and simulate to see who is the best team.
#NBAWheel Make your PG run center for the game you play
Wheel idea: start and get a double double with a player who has the most followers on Instagram
#NBAwheel run the worst offense possible for your players OR play 4th quarter/OT with your worst shooter in for the full quarter AND run "get shooters open" with primary player being that bad shooter
Wheel suggestion: get a player who stayed at college for 4 years
Trade for another teams best player
#NBAwheel trade for the worst player on a team and give him 48 minutes and the #1 scoring option
trade some of those big contacts and some picks for klay
Wheel suggestion: have the smallest center in the league in your rotation
#nbawheel score 100 pts in a game with Tatum or Simmons
U should make custom court and uniforms or relocate and rebrand.
#nbawheel trade for Jj redicks most recent guest on his podcast
#nbaweel trade for your favourite player 22 or below (must be lower than 80ovr)
#NBAWheel drop 50 with damian lillard under any circumstances
so happy u didnt abandon this channel
wheel suggestion: run 5 man rotation only
#NBAWheel trade your oldest player for another teams youngest player Trade your youngest player for another teams oldest player
Wheel suggestion: pick up a center in free agency and give him 20+ minutes
Wheel Idea: Trade the player with the lowest fg% for the first option available in trade finder, after the first game is finished #nbawheel
#nbawheel put your 13th man in the starting lineup for 3 games getting 30+ minutes each of those three games.
isn't hortford from the dominican republic? 12:34
#NBAWheel Ugliest Player
I was literally 95% sure Kenny was going to get that "Chicago" challenge on the wheel and I was 99% sure he was going to draft Derrick Rose if he was available 😂😂
#nbawheel Trade one of your starters for any player from the current worst team of the league (%win)
Wheel suggestion : Trade for a player under 21 years old with "high" potential - a player who can be a key part of the series and you can develop him well
7:39 👁👄👁 curry negs
Idea for the wheel- play your Point Guard at Center and Center at Point Guard
#nbawheel lower all cpu and user sliders to hardest possible and win a game
#nbawheel play one of your reserved player 48 minutes in a game.
#nbawheel trade for klay Thompson
Acquire a player who has no connections to Chicago whatsoever
kenny think cedi osman fine 😭😭
I love it when content creators focusing on different sports acknowledge each other
#NBAWheel Make your bench players your starters for 3 games and starters as bench players.
#nbawheel: Do what the sixers couldn't, trade Ben Simmons.
Trade for a journeyman. Player that has been on 5 teams or more.
W expanding. Lowkey (no hate) the rebuilds and quizzes got old now
You should try to get 10 blocks with your center in a game
#nbawheel trade for a 85 overall plus player that is under the age of 25
#nbawheel trade away all your first round picks or every player that was drafted in the first round
LFG new KennyToo series, you love to see it
If you’re still continuing wheels for trade. You should add “bringing a player back home” as a wheel spin. So in your case trading for a Dallas born player.
#nbawheel trade your top 2 players 1 for another superstar and the other for decent players or a good pick
#NBAWheel Trade for a Canadian Player
please keep this series up
you never pick Tatum for anything I’m so glad that he’s gonna be apart of this series i’m so excited
#NBAwheel Make DRose a starter and give him at least 20 minutes a game until the end of the season
This is just a thought, I love the idea of this but because you said you’d do multiple series at once maybe you could do the bronze ballers or no money spent challenge for MyTeam. I loved both of those series on your main channel and I understand why you stopped doing them over there but it would be really awesome if you started them up on this channel. Love the videos Kenny and I’m all for whatever you do
Bring back bronze ballers
#Nbawheel Challange: have Ben Simmons scoring only jumpers in a game, no layups, dunks, and hook shots. Only mid range, 3 pointers and fadeaways
#NBAWheel: Trade starting five
#NBAwheel give a 4-6 weeks injury to a random player from your starting five(you can't make him play through it)
#nbawheel  trade your starting point guard for a center
#nbawheel trade for Ja Morant
Trade for Luka Garza and give him 10 minutes a game, he’s underrated in 2k
#nbawheel bench your two best players for 1 game or week.
#nbawheel turn career ending injury sliders up to 100
Day 1 of asking Kenny to bring back bronze ballers
Rip kings 😭😭
Definitely not the “normal rebuild” series by Young Narrow
Wheel Suggestion, Trade your highest star(value) player for 3 players whose stars combine to add up to the traded players stars.
#nbawheel make a fusion player from any two players on your roster that you think will be better together
#NBAWheel start your bench 5 for a week
Gonna be fye
Move on from kings series. Was fun had it's time .. just my opinion . Love the content
#nbawheel -5 ovr to your best player
#nbawheel +2 overall boost to best player
#nbawheel. trade your best player for alex caruso and if he is on your team trade your best player for tacko
This gonna be a Goated series I feel it.
#nbawheel your pg is your c  sg is your pf and your sf is your sf
#nbawheel : record a tripledouble with a player so he would be the youngest in history to do so
Kenny drafted D Rose was the best thing ever
#nbawheel have a player break some sort of record (3pts in a game, most assists in a game, highest FG percentage over 20 shot attempts, most shot attempts by one player, most players in double digit points on a team, etc.)
#nbawheel use a random historic draft class for the next draft
#NBAWheel trade your steals per game leader for a guy averaging less than .4 steals
#nbawheel put yourself on the roster
#NBAWheel trade your best player for the first package including a rookie in the trade finder
#nbawheel randomize your starters minutes for a game
Such a fun idea, hyped for the next episode Kenny
#nbawheel sign a random 60-69 overall and play them 48 minutes a game for a week
New favorite series no one is ever my hometown team😂
Limit the number of moves you can make after each game, make a challenge wheel like MMG and let yourself make more moves if you complete the challenge
#Nba Wheel, used a reversed lineup, aka Center at point guard, Powerforward at SG, etc
#nbawheel get a 3 round rookie
#nbawheel trade for a rookie
Will you ever make a myteam series again?
#nbawheel trade for the oldest player
#nbawheel Trade the highest drafted player
#nbawheel trade for a nba-all star in 2022
#nbawheel do whatever you want
#nbawheel Start your worst player and make them the number 1 option for 2-4 weeks
#nbawheel sign someone from free agency and play them a least 10 min a game
Play a game with the bench having more minutes than the starters   I LOVE U KENNY
You should put "Trade your best SF or Harrison Barnes" on the wheel😎
#nbawheel u have to relocate
Horford it was the best international player available
#nbawheel Trade for Tacko Fall and make him the starting center
You should add “trade your best shooter” to the wheel for next video
#NBA
#nbawheel hire the worst coach and keep them for the season
I was so sad you didn’t take D’Angelo Russell. Could’ve been reunited with his highschool teammate Ben Simmons
# ABA wheel take your best player and put him in the reserves for a month/week
#nbawheel trade d-rose
Wheel suggestion Re-brand the franchise, Name, Jerseys, court/arena  #NBAWheel
#nbawheel try to score 30 points with d-rose
Another idea is u can do challenge types like get a triple double with a player or score 30pts and if u succeed then it can veto or redo any bad things that happened( like a bad trade or injury or something like that)
#nbawheel trade your best player for ben simmons
Do a three team trade and get a player with an overall of 88 or above in return
trade rapist rose for anything
#nbawheel try to hit at least 2 threes with Ben Simmons
A couple of wheel challenge ideas are 1. Change random starters position to something random for an episode 2. Allow best player to only play for ten minutes 3. Trade minutes with bench and starters 4. Let ur pg guard other teams center for a quarter  5. Only 3s for a certain amount of time 6. Only 2s (u can change everyone’s three to 0 for an episode so even if u accidentally shoot player will miss)
#nbawheel trade for a rookie
This definitely sounds very interesting, hope we gonna see much more of it!
#NBAwheel:  Trade any player for someone worth 10 mil more than the player you are trading  PS. Turn off trade deadline
I voted for JT so glad it was for the series! Would’ve gotten Klay instead …  Happy you selected The Dragon 🐉 Heat Legend.  Ready for the new series!
#nbawheel keep d rose for the entire Series
The kings series was a W
love the new idea
Have Ben Simmons have a massive drop off to an 75 overall#NbaWheel
#NBAWheel use a 6 man rotation for a game
#nbawheel trade all your 1st round picks for bums
#nbawheel play your center at point guard for the rest of the season
#nbawheel challenge idea: do whatever it takes to get LeBron.
wheel challenge idea: “do whatever it takes to get LeBron”
Trade your 2nd best player for a player you seen as a bust or disappointment from the 1st overall pick career tier list
#nbawheel trade for kuzma or John wall
#nbawheel relocate the team to hawaii
Super excited for this
This is a fire idea. Could not smash the like button harder
#nbawheel bench your star player for the last month of the season
You should have depending on who you’re facing Beverley guard the best guard in this case Curry which he loves doing irl
Wheel suggestion: Run a 13 man rotation with equal minutes for all players
Suggestion: Trade for a Guard who has at least 7 shooting badges and 10 defensive badges
Kenny, With the Sacramento Kings thing, just do a different team that is struggling in that same universe, and continue KENBA.
swap your 5th man and 7th
Kenny u have to trade ur best player for only picks
Kings series should be done imo. He got the chip so 🤷‍♂️
#nbawheel make your worst player the primary scorer
Get a random nba sibling
#nbawheel : trade for Frank Ntilikina
Thank god it wasnt trae want to actually watch the series
Trade for the shortest center and have him as your starting 5
Start rose and muscala in game 1
make a rotation changing trade with trade negotiation difficulty at a 85 #nbawheel
#nbawheel change your best players shot tendency to a 25 but change their shooting attributes to a 99
draft a player who is not married
#nbawheel give best player 5 minutes a game
#NBAWheel start your reserves over your best players and give them max minutes, drop 30 points with one, and 15 assists with the other
The mavs are my team
#nbawheel Score 13 points in 33 seconds with your star player
#nbawheel run a 12 man rotation but only for a month (in game)
#nbawheel Swap starters with bench. So you have to start the bench (and swap the minutes) with the starters
Added Challenge  Have Ben want out of Dallas. Just like his current status for Philly. You can't trade him until Philly trades him in IRL
Fire your coach
#nbawheel trade for a player drafted lower than 50 overall
#nbawheel Randomize 3 random players on your team's shot tendency. (Double wheel hype)
#nbawheel trade for Facundo Campazzo and start him a game with at least 20 min . 🇦🇷🇦🇷
love the idea kenny, keep up the great work man 💯
#nbawheel turn you’re best player into Alex Caruso. Love ya kenny
Haven’t watched the video yet but this is an automatic like
Put trade for a draft bust on the wheel
ooo dope challenge get a triple double with a bench player
can we get myteam in the future :)
#NBAWheel switch  bench to starter move starter to bench
Rebuild a expansion franchise in the kings universe! I think it would be really cool to see you design your own franchise with jerseys and everything and try to rebuild a team from legit nothing.
#NBAWheel trade a starter for a Canadian born player
Excited for this Kenny!
#nbawheel trade for the smallest player in the league and give him atleast 10minutes
#nbawheel Win a game with only bench players, or trade your best player for a 2nd round pick
#nbawheel turn trade difficulty to max abs and use trade finder to trade your best player
#nbawheel make 1 three with Ben Simmons in a game
“best international player” al horford: 🥺
#nba wheel reserve the starting 5
#NBAWheel Trade One of your starters for a bench player on another team.
#nbawheel trade two rotational players
CEDI OSMAN
I think I would of took DLoading over Mike Conley especially for trade value
Im already loving this series! You better keep posting it!!
#nbawheel : make trades to dowgrade your team's total badges by 15/20 (you can change the number for turn ir harder)
Dude deadass just ripped off mmgs wheel of 2k, bum
#nbawheel fill out the coaching staff
#NBAWheel Trade Jayson Tatum for Markelle Fultz
#nbawheel : make your PG play center for a quarter
LOVE THIS SO MUCH
#NBAWheel plus one attribute to the whole team if you win you keep it is you lose you don't keep it.
Anyone else hear pizza and think it was petezahhutt??
#HEATNATION
kenny said god damn it :)
W series
Kenny love your vids. I would just make trades for the next vid. Day 4 of asking you to rebuild the Charlotte hornets on kot4q. You are my favorite YouTuber get it up👍🏼
#NBAWheel get your best player and cut his shot tendency in half
#nbawheel make your starting 5 play 48 min for a week foul outs and fatigue on
HEAT NATION DAMNIT
#nbawheel trade your best player and a first for Ryan accridiacninno
#nbawheel swap your worst player and your best players overall
#NBAWheel Oh no, Our Team, It's Broken-Trade every player getting minutes
Wheel of MyNBA is here! (Shoutout MMG)
#nbawheel give your best player a two week injury
Someone gotta make cedi and Kenny fan fic
You should do a fantasy draft in the next series and you can only draft people that are 80ovr or lower but you get 1 player that is 85ovr and rebuild your team over time to win a championship
#nbawheel if your best player doesn’t get 20 points you trade them
W series idea
#nbawheel randomize every players position on the team (for example Mike Conley can be randomized to a pf)
#nbawheel relocate to anchorage Alaska not good or bad but kinda goofy plus there’s a uniform combo in the downloads that’s fire
#nbawheel trade for a Pistons player (who is getting minutes)
#nbawheel New team, who dis? restart the rebuild
Day 1 of asking Kenny to make an Amazon list with his shirts
#nbawheel score 30 with your youngest player
make d rose a sg
#Wheel draft the fastest center
#NbaWheel trade for a player with a 85 overall and has 20 badges
Trade your oldest player for a player under 26 years old.
#nbawheel pick the best coach available
#nbawheel do a 13 man rotation for 10 games
Play a game with this team
#nbawheel replace your starters with your bench players for a week
Kenny good idea
#nbawheel trade for a random 90 for your worst player
#nbawheel make 2 trades trade your best draft pick trade for an 80+ player cut a player (random) just a few ideas good luck with the series
#nbawheelchallenge replace your starters with your bench players for a whole week
#nbawheel in game challenge: Ben Simmons triple double game
Upgrade one player who is 25 and up
I forgot the hashtag but #NBAWheel, trade for someone with 0 badges
#nbawheel the jersey number of your 10 rotational players is how many minutes they get in one game (ex. Donovan Mitchell would get 45 minutes because he is number 45
Comment
Do a online league with 14 game regular season
Second suggestion: #nbawheel: To honor the Kings series, make a trade with the Kings where the Kings get the better players Have fun!
#nbawheel anyone with a contract bellow 1mil
First lost have trade for best player on other team
wheel challenge: trade your worst 3 player up to an 83+ overall shooting guard to complete your starting rotation
Man, this is going to be such a fun series. Keep up the good work, Kenny.
New series!!!
#nbawheel Bench jayson tatum for a whole game
YESSSSSS
#NBAWheel Change one of your point guards to a center
Yoboy and Kenny favorite you tubers doing the same things this is a massive W
#NBAWheel trade challenge, trade for someone who is in the most improved player conversations (in 2k)
#NbaWheel  Trade for Lebron James
Highest and Lowest career highs
I love Kenny but please never do anything YoBoyPizza has done ever again, this is good, but YoBoyPizza is not YoBoy. He stole Bella from Papa Meags that man can never be forgiven
This sounds like an absolute banger! Definitely looking forward to this series! 💜
If you lose give your worst player 30+ minutes in the rotation until you win #NBAWheel
Looooool the way he sped past Cedi being pretty 😆 don't be shy ma boi it's just the truth mane
I miss Kenny hardaway
#nbawheel Acquire Carmelo Anthony
dlo snubbed
First suggestion: #nbawheel: For old time's sake, trade your best small forward for Robert Covington
#NBAwheel, share minutes with the opposite team, for example your PG shares minutes with their PG, and your 6th man shares minutes with theirs
#nbawheel make a 6+ threes with your center
keep this going just like you did the kings series 🙏🙏🙏
TRADE THE BEST PLAYER ON YOUR TEAM FOR THE BEST PLAYER ON THE TEAM WITH THE WORST RECORD IN THE LEAGUE          #NBAWHEEL# #WORST2FIRST#
Horford's international doe
#NBAWheel you can only keep the players in your roster if you know what their stats in the previous season and or nickname(s) of that player
New series yay!
do something like a penalty if you loose a game you have to trade a player in the rotation.
#NBAwheel, randomly trade with one team. Both of you should trade someone in your starting lineup
#nbawheel draft the slowest player possible
post a link to the wheel!
#nbawheel trade for Tyrese Maxey
#NBAwheel, only give minutes to players who you know the nickname of
#nbawheel Trade your best point guard for a 2nd pick and get your center to play point guard for 5 games, before getting a new pg
#nbawheel Finesse the Trailblazers
W for putting my idea in the vid🤝 preciate you wenny
#nbawheel get all the sons of former star players (GP2, Hardaway JR) on your bench for the next 3-5 games (yea we was watching the bronny james game yesterday so im biased)
#nba_wheel Drop 50 with your best player
Make your best player have 99 Durability #NBAWheel
You cheated on the bad rebounding center my guy
#NBAWheel challenge for a game, try to get a triple double from the 8th player in your rotation
#nbawheel trade j. Tatum and choose the 3rd trade option.
#nbawheel Play any 5 bench player while running a 5 man rotation for 1 game
#nbawheel change your team to be the New Jersey Swamp Dragons
We need a mycareer series Kenny. 2k20 was a banger when you did it.
#NBAWheel play every person on your team the same amount of minutes (You can choose the amount of minutes but all have to play the same amount)
Make the oldest player on your team and make him 19 years old and give him 99 potential and 99 boom #NBAWheel
#NBAwheel randomly trade your best player
#NBAWheel trade Ben Simmons with a random number generator.
Ben Simons is actually right handed
#NBAWheel Trade for a player that has won an NBA Player of the Week during this current season.
#nbawheel Play a 14-man Rotation
#NBAwheel sign the worst player in the league and start them for a game
bruh imagine Trae young and Ben Simmons!!!! You shouldn't have chosen Tatum
Trade for Lebron and make him 18 years old #NBAwheel
W to
Kenny if you view roster and hit start, then hit triangle/Y 5 times you can mess with primary and secondary positions without having to go into edit player
Not too realistic, not too serious, rebuild/franchise, this is it
The way he picked D rose😂😂
#NBAwheel play a game where your starters and bench players swap minutes
Sup kenny
Trade mike Conley for a better rotational player or better starting pg
draft a player who has never been traded
Technically Al horford was the best international player available
#nbawheel Relocate the team to Hawaii or the most exotic place and make the jerseys blue red teal and yellow and pick a fun logo and name
This series finna slap
Since Tatum has a terrible jumpshot in 2K, I think it’ll be cool if u did jumpshot fixes for some of your players :D
Best looking player cedi osman lmao. I'm mean like he's cute but there are some better options lmao.
Demar DeRozan career sim coming soon?
20 seconds in but yeah keep doing this series whatever it is
Kenny with the clutch video on Sunday. Love to see it
#nbawheel trade 3 first round picks + your best player for Ben Simmons
lets gooo mffl
Yesss I’ve been waiting for this ever since the Kings series started
#nbawheel Challenge for a game: have more than 5 players (so 6+) with double digits in points, rebounds, or assists.
GET CARMELO & D.ROSE
Trade for someone who has played for the spurs
personally i dont think Jt has good animations in 2k. hard for me to user him idk about you kenny. also a cool challenge would be to not mess with the coach gameplan. whatever minutes and matchups your coach team feels is right, is right!
Can you make MLB the show content? Would be amazing
Finally we get some love!!   I’m excited for us to thrive in this series  Mavs fans stand up!
#nbawheel give all your players the same amount of minutes for 5 games
Even though december is already gone, you could try to rebuild two teams, one with players with like 75+ def and off consinstency but lower overall as a team, while the other with relatively low consinstency (like under 50) but without any type of restriction when it comes to overall.  Love your content from Italy, keep it up Kenny!
#nbawheel do a 100 point triple double with your center
I was thinking that if the kings series doesn't continue, that maybe you at least show the first game of the next season, so that we can see the ringceremony.
Give your 10th man 40 minutes Kenny please
3:50 Its actually a 1/8 chance.
Kenny I think you should end the Kings series and rebuild another down bad team in addition to this series
#nbawheel Rest your best player for a game
Guys Ik he stopped the Kings franchise, but what if he did a Hornets franchise. They’re not necessarily my team but they are young, and definitely need some help. So like this if u agree, and want him to see it.
Lets go  IVE BEEN WAITING YEARS FOR THIS 🥺
#NBAWheel Can only make a roster of players with heights that are 6'7-6'9 like the Raptors rn.
Could you not use twitter and use a community page? Some people (including me) don’t have twitter and some people might follow your twitter and watch videos
Random trade finder a random player on your team #NBAWheel
This could be a main channel series it is so good
#NBAwheel do mentorship that don't make sense like Chris Paul mentoring Andre Drummond on rebounding
#nbawheel Score 25 with Cristiano Felicio, Start him half the season.
you had me at wheel
#NBAwheel Random trade finder your youngest player
#nbawheel you can only shoot with one guy when you jump in
#nbawheel trade somebody under 6’3 for someone over 7’0
#NBAWheel trade for John Konchar
#NBAWheel Trade for a top 5 NBA pick from any draft class. You could get a stud player like Ja or a bust like Bender.
#nbawheel new coach
#nbawheel for your next game anyone over 30 can’t play
im getting some YoungNarrow vibes from this series LMAO. this bouta b a great series
#NBAwheel trade your 6th man for a second round pick
#nbawheel put your worst player in your stat lineup
Run a 5 man rotation for a week or 2 as a wheel idea
#nbawheel for the next game, have your bench players become your starters, and your starters become your bench players.
#nbawheel get a European player to get 25 points 5 rebounds and 5 asssists
This channel is the best. Keep it up kenny . Cheerz 🇮🇱🐐
#nbawheel  play the bench players only 48 minutes and put on fatigue.
#NBAWheel run a 13 man rotation for 1 week
W idea
kenny try a mycarreer with the synergy2k  program
W!
A challenge should be what ever trade offers you get you have to accept no matter what
#nbawheel make your best player your worst player
Run a 5 man rotation with injures on for a week with your worst players
Loving the Pistons T-shirt Kenny
#NBAWHEEL fire your coach and hire the worst one  great video btw
Perfect timing to post a vid Kenny just when I was about to start eating
#nbawheel give the the 13th man in the rotation 48 mins till you win a game
Young narrow been doing this in his rebuilds
Get rid of a player for a 70 or lower player #nbawheel
Nice to see you upload Kenny
Man my suggestion didn't get on
#nbawheel trade for IT4 and make sure he plays at least 20 minutes per game
Wenny wennny!
aye ngl I think MyTeam content that isn’t like super serious would fit very well here
I hope u stick to this Kenny sounds like a fun concept
New series!
this will be very cool. Big W Kenny!
He’s back!
Hype
oh im here for any series W
Kenny is the GOAT !!!
Bangerrrrrr
Hopefully pels 🙏🏽
New series let’s fucking gooo
W kenny
No way!!!!! So hype
We back bby
Love the videos Kenny
Kenny so goated 🐐
Wild
Let’s go Wenny
4th
First
Let’s gooo I love this channel
RIP Kings Series 2021-2022 🥺
FIRST
