⚖ Think the waiver will hold up? 💡Learn interactively with Brilliant!  https://legaleagle.link/brilliant
Sadly, I am not even surprised at Stockton's being personally insulted by people bringing valid concerns to him. I'm retired now, but in my long career in Finance, I experienced that multiple times. Nobody's life was at stake, of course, but there were multiple times when I discovered large errors in financial data, and was not only ignored, but screamed at. While Business Intelligence Lead at a large public university, I discovered that the annual financial statement had overstated the value of the school's real estate holdings by approximately 20 million dollars, and had been wrong for at least 6 years. I confirmed my calculations with the Comptroller, the head of General Accounting, and the Assistant VP for Financial Affairs. I then took my findings to the executive who had done the original calculations. I foolishly thought that she would be appreciative for the error being discovered. Instead, it turned out that she had heard about my other conversations. She refused to even look at my work, and screamed a series of F bombs at me, while insisting that her enormous intelligence meant that she was incapable of such errors. That's Stockton Rushmore in a nutshell.
This is an interesting case in point about proving gross negligence. The not so funny fact is that Stockton Rush filmed his own arrogance live on national TV. Even boasting that they were breaking the rules and being quote " Being the most innovative company for submersibles". In essence this just sealed the fate of oceangate.
This is just a straight up nightmare. Like Classification societies like DNV, ABS or something exist for a reason. ANd if you already have to cheap out on it, as far as I know Rina is in general one of the cheaper ones. Like I know DNV is more on the expensive side what classification concerns, but like seriously? And without testing aswell?
Imagine using someone’s death to segue into a Brilliant sponsorship
I think that the CEO did have gross negligence, but so did the passengers. If someone needs you to sign a waiver that says doing something might cause death, and that the thing you are using is not certified by anyone, you don’t do it.
Now the official Coastguard report is out, is anyone actually getting sued?
OSHA should be liable in some way for basically refusing to investigate the Whistleblower claims due to their admitted "lack of time to investigate the case as presented" and in essence forcing the whistleblower to then drop the claim due to the lawsuits brought forth by Rush and Oceangate.
R.I.P.
After everything that has come out in the last few months…Stockton Rush was egotistical narcissistic pos! He murdered those people and they paid for the pleasure…
Stuckton-Rush had a Depth Wish.
i looked up the Linnea Mills case and i couldn't stop shacking my head at the details. The Linnea Mills accident reads like a Final Destination movie and somehow no one got criminally charged. Being alive is a life on the ragged edge; it doesn't take much to fall off that edge.
Wow nice segue into Brilliant
Stockton's face is as smug as a marvel comics employee right before their book fails
How are they not going to be sued?🤨
The Pakistani aduld tried to give the second ticket to his wife and she was like "nah im good"
Thanks for mentioning that TECHNICALLY Stockton Rush had no paying customers - only mission specialists who made donations, and the contract they signed was VERY specific about the risks. What you FORGOT was that the Titan had 13 successful dives out of 90!!! Despite the (90-13) 77 FAILED dives, technically Stockton successfully escaped catastrophic failure, so he was kind of confident of his system for a reason -- it did tell him when stuff went wrong, and at least 77 times he was able to abort the mission and escape the failure alive. :O That thing was SUPER unreliable, but I don't think the lawsuits will get anything... (All OceanGate has to do is remember not to call them passengers -- plus, all of them signed agreeing they were not paying passengers, but donating mission specialists :O :O :O)
Things like that off the shelf monitor are dangerous because their failure modality allows smoke production and there is limited atmosphere in a submarine.
Never forget Stockton said to paying customers once "I'm gonna get this thing to the Titanic if it kills me" and so it did. He is entirely 100% culpable and more even, the primary cause for this catastrophe.
4:15 "Rush said that the lighting-strike delayed the voyage to the Titanic.... and that's really just the tip of the iceberg."  Oh HA, HA, HA.
Tbh I’m not worried about the families. They had the money to pay for the trip, so they’ll be fine financially.
Cyclops was an all metallic design.  It was only rated for 500m.
He didn't like the existing safety regs, but he did nothing to advance them despite the huge risks he was running. What about a depth margin on top of what he needed, say 50%? What about measuring the structural integrity after every dive and tracking the deterioration?  Might've helped those who came after
He falsely talked about continued collaboration with Boeing and APL. That’s a scam
You know what’s really messed up about the OceanGate incident? 🤬🤬🤬 Just days earlier, over 500 migrants drowned off Greece—barely a blip in the news. But 5 rich and super rich die in a vanity sub, and we get wall-to-wall coverage, lawsuits, documentaries, investigations, etc. Apparently, 1 rich life is worth more than 100 poor ones...
This guyl Classic example of raging Dunning-Kruger.
You're obviously not a diver. She wasn't crushed by the water pressure at 60 feet, don't be silly. She drowned, or asphyxiated if your regulator froze. She couldn't make for the surface because she was wearing heavy weights and her dry suit filled with water. Perhaps if she had the presence of mind to ditch your weights, and slowly exhaled on the way up, she might have lived. Or maybe not. I'd call this gross negligence in equipping and training her, myself.
Rush not only continually acted in negligence, he spoke in it too.  When your risk threshold is as high as his was, you’ve got to have a death wish. It was as if Rush was not only flirting with death, he was in competition with it & likely considered his abilities so god like at minimum. He was ignorant in a massively disturbing way, to the VERY REAL danger that he was not only placing himself in, but also anyone else.  Frankly, I don’t think he cared.  He lived a highly narcissistic existence, by acting insulted & put off by anyone confronting him over safety concerns… yet he wanted to skip corners. He wanted to experiment with video game controllers… anyone in their right mind would’ve taken all of this as red flags to NOT get involved with this guy, when he didn’t even want to do proper testing & validate safety up to industry code. Multiple individuals attempted to address accountability with him & he continually scoffed & acted offended… such a major red flag! THAT’S a behavior insult to every living, breathing human being out there that places trust in another human being.  I feel like the only reason he was able to get this far, is because his charisma & his ability to sell on an idea & product were top notch. I dated a narcissistic sociopath for 7 years in my 20’s, so this  Rushes’ practical paper trail of behavioral concerns sticks out like a sore thumb & gives flashbacks that I would rather not be able to remember. The absolute disconnect & recklessness taking anyone’s wellbeing into account, is just disturbing… & also doing it at times, with a grin on his face. It’s just sick!  With that said, was his wife also narcissistic, or a victim of his disillusionment?  I watched a couple interviews of the father & son out of Vegas who were the initial first father/son duo. Jay & Sean Bloom. I find it sad, heartbreaking even, that both the son who didn’t go & the son who did, BOTH expressed concerns & fear over safety… yet one listened to his son & the other didn’t.  These obsessions with the titanic really need to be put to an end. An obsession & a passion are not entirely the same thing… & Rush was able to get this far, because he knew he had enough of a well off, titanic OBSESSED customer base who would fund his experiment project… & that form of obsession causes you to often negate risk, not do proper research or ask all the right questions, if you think you will have a once in a lifetime opportunity to do something.  The father & son who died? I feel more sorry for the son than his dad. That kid grew up with a middle eastern mindset of pleasing the parent & putting your own feelings to the side. Even if it’s intuitive feelings. He got pulled into a death trap. I can imagine the fears he was trying to push down, as they were confirmed reading that contract that he & his dad had to sign.  On a personal note; I live on the Hawaiian islands… specially Kauai. I’m not yolo with my life! If I see signs that point blank mention NOT to go here or do that, becuase death is a likely possibility, you don’t need to tell me twice! I’m also a mother, & NOTHING is worth that much of a risk if death is involved as a factor & KNOWINGLY would be involved in taking me away from my children!  Ironically - & I don’t use that word lightly, or at all for that matter, but I’m using it in context here - Rushs’ ignorance highlighted the ignorance of others who joined him. It doesn’t diminish his character, but rather, further diminishes how an individual with that extent of psychosis is able to actively deceive & continually get away with deceiving, even among constant, MAJOR red flags. Why? Becuase there were enough people who supported the integrity & the curiosity of the titanic & as long as you’ve got a crowd of supporters, you can get away with things for years, for a near lifetime even under certain circumstances! If they all had survived, Rush would’ve had a serious legal battle on his hands & a downfall to even rival what the parent company of titanic dealt with post sinking. You can’t knock the parallels here. Titan was doomed, just as the titanic was. Ignorance & ego do NOT win in the long run; & in extremes, take lives & destroy families. On a final note, I’d like to understand rush’s childhood a bit more. I know he grew up with money, but what was his conditioning like? We’re one of both of his parents narcissistic? Was he ever taught healthy boundaries growing up? I would think not, considering how much of a child he was in an adults body; thinking that he should be able to get away with certain things, regardless of how blatantly wrong it was. I caretook for a woman in her 90’s a few years back for a year; she had dementia & narcissistic. A very ugly combination to deal with. Anytime you stood up to her, she’d act like you committed a moral offense; tell her not to talk to you or treat you a certain way, you’d get an “how DARE you?!”… she also grew up in a wealthy family & it didn’t take me long to realize that her parents likely didn’t teach her healthy boundaries or be respectful to others; in other words, if you were there as help, you have no rights. You tolerate abuse & just keep it moving. Your feelings don’t matter to these kinds of people. AT ALL. They view feelings as a weakness & a tool to manipulate & make you feel bad for confronting them at all, even if that confrontation is valid.
Rush not only continually acted in negligence, he spoke in it too.  When your risk threshold is as high as his was, you’ve got to have a death wish. It was as if Rush was not only flirting with death, he was in competition with it & likely considered his abilities so god like at minimum. He was ignorant in a massively disturbing way, to the VERY REAL danger that he was not only placing himself in, but also anyone else.  Frankly, I don’t think he cared.  He lived a highly narcissistic existence, by acting insulted & put off by anyone confronting him over safety concerns… yet he wanted to skip corners. He wanted to experiment with video game controllers… anyone in their right mind would’ve taken all of this as red flags to NOT get involved with this guy, when he didn’t even want to do proper testing & validate safety up to industry code. Multiple individuals attempted to address accountability with him & he continually scoffed & acted offended… such a major red flag! THAT’S a behavior insult to every living, breathing human being out there that places trust in another human being.  I feel like the only reason he was able to get this far, is because his charisma & his ability to sell on an idea & product were top notch. I dated a narcissistic sociopath for 7 years in my 20’s, so this  Rushes’ practical paper trail of behavioral concerns sticks out like a sore thumb & gives flashbacks that I would rather not be able to remember. The absolute disconnect & recklessness taking anyone’s wellbeing into account, is just disturbing… & also doing it at times, with a grin on his face. It’s just sick!  With that said, was his wife also narcissistic, or a victim of his disillusionment?  I watched a couple interviews of the father & son out of Vegas who were the initial first father/son duo. Jay & Sean Bloom. I find it sad, heartbreaking even, that both the son who didn’t go & the son who did, BOTH expressed concerns & fear over safety… yet one listened to his son & the other didn’t.  These obsessions with the titanic really need to be put to an end. An obsession & a passion are not entirely the same thing… & Rush was able to get this far, because he knew he had enough of a well off, titanic OBSESSED customer base who would fund his experiment project… & that form of obsession causes you to often negate risk, not do proper research or ask all the right questions, if you think you will have a once in a lifetime opportunity to do something.  The father & son who died? I feel more sorry for the son than his dad. That kid grew up with a middle eastern mindset of pleasing the parent & putting your own feelings to the side. Even if it’s intuitive feelings. He got pulled into a death trap. I can imagine the fears he was trying to push down, as they were confirmed reading that contract that he & his dad had to sign.  On a personal note; I live on the Hawaiian islands… specially Kauai. I’m not yolo with my life! If I see signs that point blank mention NOT to go here or do that, becuase death is a likely possibility, you don’t need to tell me twice! I’m also a mother, & NOTHING is worth that much of a risk if death is involved as a factor & KNOWINGLY would be involved in taking me away from my children!  Ironically - & I don’t use that word lightly, or at all for that matter, but I’m using it in context here - Rushs’ ignorance highlighted the ignorance of others who joined him. It doesn’t diminish his character, but rather, further diminishes how an individual with that extent of psychosis is able to actively deceive & continually get away with deceiving, even among constant, MAJOR red flags. Why? Becuase there were enough people who supported the integrity & the curiosity of the titanic & as long as you’ve got a crowd of supporters, you can get away with things for years, for a near lifetime even under certain circumstances! If they all had survived, Rush would’ve had a serious legal battle on his hands & a downfall to even rival what the parent company of titanic dealt with post sinking. You can’t knock the parallels here. Titan was doomed, just as the titanic was. Ignorance & ego do NOT win in the long run; & in extremes, take lives & destroy families. On a final note, I’d like to understand rush’s childhood a bit more. I know he grew up with money, but what was his conditioning like? We’re one of both of his parents narcissistic? Was he ever taught healthy boundaries growing up? I would think not, considering how much of a child he was in an adults body; thinking that he should be able to get away with certain things, regardless of how blatantly wrong it was. I caretook for a woman in her 90’s a few years back for a year; she had dementia & narcissistic. A very ugly combination to deal with. Anytime you stood up to her, she’d act like you committed a moral offense; tell her not to talk to you or treat you a certain way, you’d get an “how DARE you?!”… she also grew up in a wealthy family & it didn’t take me long to realize that her parents likely didn’t teach her healthy boundaries or be respectful to others; in other words, if you were there as help, you have no rights. You tolerate abuse & just keep it moving. Your feelings don’t matter to these kinds of people. AT ALL. They view feelings as a weakness & a tool to manipulate & make you feel bad for confronting them at all, even if that confrontation is valid.
16:45 How’s that “Confidential Information” It’s not it’s hardly trade secrets. In other words, Richard Rush by name and nature knew that people wouldn’t accept that and thus decided to sue citing a frivolous incorrect reason. Funny it got settled isn’t it.
2:15 Bahamas 😂 Great place to register a business operating under British law. They coming down haaarrrrdddd on yo. He obviously was seriously deluded. Let’s start all over come to the UK and register all that including the home made death capsule,oh wait….. Yea no. Perhaps didn’t know about the British legal system influence in or used by other countries. Should’ve checked that out, that ain’t being swept away, you paying big time eventually and you won’t have enough money after bankruptcy.
They failed to address a major shift in the subs pressure vessel behaviour that was recorded a handfull of dives before the fatal one.
Safety vs. Cost Government for safety  Business for cost
Limitless arrogance. I feel so sorry for Suleman, only 19 😢
It seems like something went wrong on every single dive. . .
Hi Cars have to pass stringent ROADWORTHY tests! You’d think there would be similar requirements for seaworthiness!😮
Hi The ONLY thing Stockton Rush has going for him is that he fooled himself most of all and sentenced himself to death as a result!😮
What if a friend of yours tells you, "I'm building my own sub, I plan to dive down 20 feet in a lake."  You say, "Oh cool, what's it made out of?"  "String."  "String?"  "Well, it's really strong string, and it will be embedded in glue."  I don't think you'd join your friend on his dives.
“What? Watergate is evolving”
Not the first charlatan who got people killed and it will not be the last. Some big countries even have them as presidents.
Sounds like the US Coast Guard’s investigation will help whatever potential DOSA cases may come move forward/legitimize them.
Seems to me there was plenty of warning that this was a stupid idea to get in this submersible and go that deep.
So you're saying a piece of paper is no defence against GROSS negligence?
Considering the massive amount of evidence showing the almost comical negligence and sheer hubris of Mr. Rush and therefore Oceangate, even if that liability waver is watertight(lol) I don't see any reasonable judge or jury blocking a lawsuit or siding with Oceangate.   If this was a movie it would be rated lower then even Snow-White(2025). Since nobody would ever believe that the a human could ever exist thats as narcissistic, dogmatic and close-minded as the Mr. Rush character.    Especially considering the dozens and dozens of warnings the Mr. Rush character got from submersible and engineering experts straight up telling him he's going to un-alive himself and others...  Not only did he not listen he actually bragged about breaking every single rule of submersibles.
I love how many people had opinions on this and everybody is in agreeance that Stockton was a complete, bonkers idiot. The only guy that defended him was the co-founder who himself is an absolute moron.
1:14 reminds me of  “He’s gonna invent a move called the Franklin” “I’m gonna invent a move called the Franklin” “See”
Death is anathema to innovation😢
I dunno. If you get into a sub and you see it's controlled with a PS3 controller, but you don't get out, then that's your fault.
The hubris of this man to be messing with 3 million pounds of pressure like it's a match
I'm curious whether the liability waiver was disclosed to the customers _before_ they paid their $250,000 _non-refundable_ fee to go on the Titan. Given that, as you said, it's very different from the sales pitch (that it's safer than crossing the street). That does seem like a really, really significant discrepancy in bargaining power, if the customer paid a quarter-million dollars, was told it was non-refundable, and _then_ had to sign the waiver.
Well I’ll say this, Rush can never eat his words, you have to be alive to do that. The only people I feel sorry for, are the passengers he lied to. Including a 17 year old who didn’t get a chance to even live life.
When I saw the controller back when the news first broke, I almost laughed. I have two of those things at home. I'm not that rich either. They're not that responsive even when they're communicating directly with the machine.
I feel a sadness for that 19 year old kid who is said to have not wanted to go. The rest were just idiots who earned their Darwin awards. Shutting down the company would be fine, but the families suing over their own stupidity shouldn't be allowed
I would TOTALLY go on a sub to the titanic! However, i would HELLA NOT go on one that was "experimental"
U should collab with  law by Mike lol😅
Based on statements by their former finance person sounds like they didn't have a pot pss in. The lived one group to another and on loans from the owner. Nothing to sue for.
The first Red Flag that something would go wrong was the Wild Catz controller. Any old school gamer could tell you that if you can't trust the controller to get you through saving the princess then it's definitely not going to get you twenty thousand leagues under the sea.
Uh... all kinds of people (engineers and experts in their fields) saw it coming and tried to warn.
3:37 an unsinkable sub? Hmm....
The rich LLLLOVE to sue.....thats an easy way to get even more money they dont need
Theyre getting sued?????!!!!  NO SHIT IM SO SHOCKED
I know I'm late to the conversation, but I figure that OceanGate will likely NOT be sued for a simple reason:  With the founder and CEO on the sub dead in the very same accident, it will turn out that OceanGate has zero assets to retrieve.  With the loss of the sub, its debts outweigh its assets, its judgement proof, already bankrupt.
The only true victim of this madness was the poor guy who only got inside that BS because he wanted to share a moment with his father.  And that father deserves a medal as an extremly "shtti parent".
DO NOT misunderstand my words here bu I cannot help but feel that Rush truly BELIEVED that his sub WAS safe because I doubt if he would chance his own death to prove a point. THAT SAID he is still very much liable. He did a million of things wrong and knowingly cut corners in his hubris. It shouldn't be up for debate. That waiver is the same waiver everyone has to sign in order to participate and was most likely cavalierly handed out as any other waiver would be.
He said I don't follow the rules that right there is a 🚩
I don't believe majorly is a real word .
The waiver should stand up in my opinion.
David Lockridge was right. Now a year since this video was released more and more information has come out and the NTSB has shown this in their investigations. Not only did the carbon fiber fracture. But of the five layers of carbon fiber that was wound and glued together they said that three of the layers completely delaminated from the previous layer. Evidence was shown by this under a microscope by the NTSB. Where the two layers were joined by adhesive. That delamination was already occurring. And there was signs of this under the microscope showing that the two layers were actually rubbing against each other and causing carbon fiber to carbon fiber friction
..Only an Idiot would build a Submersible w/item from Camping World ⛺️; which Rush openly talked about, like the Carbon Fiber & Xbox Controller 🎮.. It’s Ridiculous that the Rich will pay any amount of money 💰 to risk their lives for a “Once in a lifetime experience”.. RIP to the 19 yr old that didn’t want to go 😣
Heartless as it may sound have zero empathy for these ppl
"Cutting costs" will ALWAYS end up costing more. I should know, i work at a production factory all about "cutting costs" 😂😂😂
Oceangates conduct throughout its entire production IS gross negligence. The families of the dead deserve full compensation from a company that chose to ignore deep-sea safety parameters, who, at the same time, did their utmost to fully avoid liability for any "damages".
i understand that risks can not be eliminated, lol yes they can if you built it properly with proper materials 😅
Nice try Simon Whistler we know thats you
Real Engineering is an amazing channel. Very intelligent well done. He nails what happened
I hope they sue  for as much as they can get. I feel bad for Stocktons wife but  literally everyone knew this was bad all of it
Ts was not a year ago💀
Have everyone in the problem tried chistosas?
No.  Let’s be very clear about this.  4 people decided to get in that sub.   1 child was forced to be there by his father who was trying to prove the exact opposite of what he did…
Yeah they signed the waiver. But could a random person have a good understanding of what they signed up to climb into? Like I doubt it was explained to them exactly how badly designed the Titan was. That basically any engineer would tell them this is a death trap. Sure they were told the risks. But I doubt they were told the backstory of how literally everyone and their cat told them this was a stupid idea to even think of building  Can you honestly expect people to sign a waiver without giving them the full story of what exactly they signed up for? Isn’t not telling vital information to a client going in your sub some sort of violation? No random person can be expected to know anything about subs. If you’re not upfront with them, can anyone sign that waiver without being giving full understanding of what they’re about to do? Ocean Gate put more work and money into lawyers to get them out of killing people then building a respectable sub that won’t kill people
23:18 "This would not be allowed in US waters." B#@&#&*t ! This happens in US waters ALL THE TIME! Many boats in the US that are restricted from carrying passengers, or are restricted in their routes from carrying passengers, use token payments to skirt the law. Many Subchapter T passenger vessels, and other inspected vessels, round out their USCG COI required crew complements with "paid" volunteers. And the paying passengers have no real way of vetting the crew before a voyage, so must take their chances.
Titanic went down because 5 watertight compartments were filled when she can only be fine with 4 filled. Not a dodgy bolt. Titanic was top of the line and built extremely well
I live the quality of content and the lack of waffle. Thanks!
That dry suit accident seems like exactly gross negligence. The law seems sensible and the settlement a good outcome given the terrible circumstances.
Remember kids  *He wai makamaka ‘ole*  “Water recognizes no friends” -Hawaiian proverb.
Who could've seen something going wrong? I dunno, but I've just ordered the last boilers lit. And I've never seen such a flat calm. Plus, I can smell ice. This ship can't sink!
Was Mr Rush really an Engineer!? 🤔 The biggest details here that are going to make OceanGate guilty of failure of protection of it's visitors, is that Rush was warned via his own experts via the dangers of this Sub! Rush even going as far as firing any opposition to His dangerous tactics.
Grimey as it gets and a little research goes a long ways. Seems like if james Cameron says it's not a good idea probably gonna take his word.
To what extent is a waiver null & void if fakse or misleading or relevant ingormation to the risks is presented or withheld. Rush & OG said Boeing & U Wash were involved in Titan. But the fact (if true) tbat these entities were not imvolved im design/construction of the Titan that failed was withheld relevant?   Many said the hull design was unsuitable because the material was unsuitable and untested and  could buckle or delaminate. NTSB expett daid the wteckage showef signs of delamination. What us the standard of care to amyone fir ecperimental craft? IMO based on other's opinions a rigerous proceed carefully. test and inspect program.   Rush made claims about the acoustic monitoring system with strain gauges (MS). This video pointsvout ine potential flaw- by the time the system might detect trouble (say 10 minutes warning) ot is too late if it takes 2 hours to surface. But there is a second part damaging to Ocean Gate: the NTSB expert discussing the facts gleamed sonfar from the wreck and data strongly implied OG strain gauge data suggested thst the Titan's hull suffered permanent deformation on a dive before tbe fsteful one. Wiyh a proprr engineering analysis (strain versus depth not depth v time & strain v time) the behavior changed.   IMO (as one w/ mech engineering degree) & others' this should've been a red flag to look further. Did OG even look at their own data? Would failure to adhere to standards of extra care when dealing with ecperimental items or not looking at iwn data or ignoring obvious red flags fall under gross negligence?   The viewport was cettified to only 1,300 m. Pne YTer went through a analysis (by the manufacturer?) on why only 1,300 m. It wasn't the material but the shape. OG wanted a shape that according to the analysis created high local stresses at points beyond those providing the standard safety margin in lingbterm service. There were shapes which would pass but would provide dustirted views.   "Mission specialist" = IMO "a sham".
Im still in shock that no one has ever called the Ocean Gate controller a 2006 Mustang Automatic with Lemon Zest
They should be, The negligence is astoundin. 😢
He was entitled to commit soo-y-side.  He had no right to take those others out with him.
The Companys reputation can never be rehabilitated, it's all about undersea adventure and no one would choose them.
They can’t be sued.   The mission specialists signed waivers stating that the sub was experimental and they can all die.   Death was mentioned several times in the waivers.    (The Titan did not carry passengers, it carried “mission specialists”).
This time around, the rules will not be written in blood. They will be written in Stockton Mush.
Drink the koolaid
Just the tip of the iceberg.   Groan lol lol
According to the Wikipedia Stockton was married to a descendant of Isidor and Ida Strauss.
So I would go with the second trip... not the fist trip.
The wavers should not matter the titanic was scrap shit this is gross negligence they should be suid for every penny he killed all those people and dived before he nearly killed others this guy is a mad phycopath
It's ridiculous but I always gotta remember he put his life where his mouth was. He was in the center of it with his customers when it happened.
The fact that the controller was wireless was wild. They couldn't be bothered to at least plug it in for better connection?
I wanted this to succeed, as a fan of underwater exploration, I really wanted this to succeed. However it is bad when someone like Author Clive Cussler wrote more safety measures into his FICTIONAL subs in his books than OceanGate put into their actual sub!
11:02 Advisor to Oceangate? In what capacity? Surely not legal counsel…?
Legally, this is "Futility, or the Wreck of the Titan". Good luck.
That's why the quote "when you think outside the box too much, you will realise why the box is there in the first place" exists
Not sure I don't understand y u want visit a mass grave of inasint victims who's loved ones never received a proper burial.
The phrase “rules are meant to be broken” is NOT for literal official safety rules and regulations developed by technical experts and written in blood.
I can't see what purpose it serves to sue a company that has absolutely nothing. The only funds coming in was from the Titan. Unless they have property worth millions, and the only thing that was worth anything,rests in pieces on the ocean floor. Going after the ship that towed it, or a family using a loophole to sue a richer family using the contracts that state they are employees? Its sad.
Review the whole truth keanu reeves movie
If you're handed a waiver for a submersible ride the Titanic, where every paragraph contains the word "Death", you may want to consider a whale watching tour instead.
Auditory hypersensitivity triger warnings 10:40 eagle noise
gaga
Being able to brag about paying 250 Gs to see a sunken hull is in itself loony.
reading the coast gaurd report with the transcript of the conversations with the marine operations supervisor and Rush really paints how Rush was handling everything in Oceangate, I wonder if a follow up video is warranted with the new public info
Every legal regulation and warning sign or sticker you can think of is written in the blood of someone for whom it didn’t exist to protect.   If you use a cheap plastic bottle to hold water, chances are the first time it’s used, it probably won’t leak. But the more times you use the bottle, the rougher it’s handled, the more likely it is to fail. It’s not made to be used over and over.  The sub made it through several dives without imploding. None of those dives were safe, just lucky.
It's ironic how Stockton Rush mentioned how regulations make deep sea exploration safe yet, choose not to abide by said regulations due to cost.
I have been following the recent hearing on the Titan sub implosion. It is my impression that Stockton Rush wanted to avoid using the term 'tourists' in an effort to avoid taking responsibility if something went wrong. In his mind, he wasn't putting paying customers in danger. They were  'volunteering' for his experimental and uncertified craft. But I wonder if the passengers were  'mission specialists' and 'part of the team' as Stockton himself put it, could it be argued that the implosion was an OSHA violation?   Trying to think like a lawyer.
What a fool.
And OceanGate use to call themselves "The SpaceX of the ocean" remember that
Only one button - the panic button!!
He (Rush) built his own coffin, unfortunately he also took other people with him
I live near everett and drive through there every day I didn't expect it to be made there I guess.
10:30 I believe the correct term is atomized
Six thousand pounds, it is said (at 5:08++) to be "equivalent to about two tons at that depth." Nope. Six thousand pounds is exactly _three_ tons, at least in the two places, Liberia and the United States, where they use this sort of pounds.   Yes, Virginia, at any depth.
I find it amusing that the company Oceangate sounds suspiciously like Watergate, site of the criminal conspiracy that lent its name to coverups for the last half century.
Criminal negligence.
They should be suid despite wavers as it was gross negligence all the things ee are hearing about its misleading advertising luring rich fools poor lad of 18.
I clicked on this because i thought it was john krasinsky😂
Him sitting Indian style like a kid makes it worse somehow
I still can't imagine how terrifying those last few minutes must have been.  Imagine the noises that the crushing metal was making while being in complete darkness? FML there's no way I'd ever be down there.
this individual did not hide his distain for normal security....so how should one not realize this...or expect to be compensated, for this disaster.....
Does anyone else hear Dr Bailey from Grays..."This man is an idiot!  He always was an idiot, and if he were still allive he would probably still be an idiot!  But that ain't no secret!  You all knew who he was and what danger was involved before you got involved with him!  And now, you all "Woe is me...I'm all dead...""
"I take this as a personal insult".  If someone gets mad at you for not trusting them without a doubt, then you probably have very good reason to not trust them.
The employees who send the warning email were very brave but they could've thought of sending it also to the passengers, they'd likely back out if 38 specialists on the field told them it was that dangerous
Wasn't there also this thing where Ocean Gate made the false claim that NASA and I think either Boeing or Lockheed had participated in the development of the Titan sub. Then NASA said out right: NO,  they had nothing to do with it. And the Airline manufacturer simply sold Ocean Gate the old, not good for Aircraft construction anymore Fiber glass... Sounds like Descripted advertising to me.
To be fair anyone wanting to go to Titanic  and that happens I can’t feel sorry for you as you want to disturb the dead
This is the first time I have actually seen the full written text of the waivers signed by the passengers of this stupid little submarine: I already knew that they had signed waivers, but not exactly what all the clauses were. Anyone who really had read and understood the waiver but then willingly signed it and got on board must have been either ludicrously idiotic and ignorant, or just straight up suicidal. This would still be the case even for anyone who signed it but didn't ever read any further than the end of clause 2. This is obvious to the extent that I wouldn't have expected to find anything like this in any fictional setting - not even in the most pathetic kind of low budget B-movie.
Back when I was learning to fly I was told 'Too often, the price for breaking the rules is death.'   These rules, procedures and standards exist because a) A lot of people smarter than you have thought of them in advance or b) People died trying it before you, so now we don't do it that way.   They are not suggestions and we don't simply ignore them. There is a lesson in this somewhere.
The key reason carbon fiber is so effective is because the fibers are highly resistant to being pulled apart when working with tension. When compressing a carbon fiber material, the only structure component is the resin that the fibers are immersed in. Basically they made a submarine out of resin.
every quote I've heard so far from the mouths of OceanGate leadership sounded like they had zero idea how a submarine works, how engineering works, and how physics work, and why safety regulations exist
Rush was a great chum
Considering that the CEO himself stepped on board and somewhat killed himself its hard to believe it was any form of recklessness, that being said if you're so stupid to not understand physics like he clearly was then you also shouldnt be allowed to make a vehicle that would carry People in my opinion.
I've watched so many of your videos today, I feel like a paralegal. That whole OceanGate was a disaster and even the Search and 'Rescue' - James Cameron did an interesting interview where they knew there was an implosion shortly after they lost contact and the SnR was a facade for the familes.
It is actually not true, that the Titanic had design flaws out of neglec.  Sure, would her bulkheads have extended higher up, the ship might have survived the impact with the iceberg or sunk slower. But having so many bulkheads and so high was above industry standards back then.  The same goes for live boats: Titanic had more than industry standard and more then British law required.  The reason it was considered unsinkable was that it was the safest ship afloat when it was build, which is also why the shock of it sinking on it's first trip was so big.
To me it sounds like all this happened because of the ego of one man.
The guy Stockton Rush wasn't only ignoring basic safety concerns, he was even smug about it.
One might argue that one can be compelled to skydive if they are in a crashing helicopter
Who cares? My heart only goes to the kid.
Ocean Gate was a tragedy. BUT the people who died each paid $250K to be on it. The risk involved was blatantly obvious to any layperson. Experts are unanimous in that the implosion and death of all occupants was instantaneous.This guy, in particular, had been a deep ocean explorer for years so if anyone understood a risky venture it was him. It would be the same if a police officer/ firefighter died in the line of duty- they would have understood the risks of their professions. You can’t turn around and sue their department or the city they work for! (Lots of police in my family- my dad was a firefighter)
The limitation act told me "Big Ship Big money less punishment, Small Ship Small money more punishment" ngl capitalists have lax laws the richer they get
I'm not a lawyer's butthole, but it seems to me that a waiver isn't worth then paper it's written on if the person signing doesn't understand what they're signing away.
I wouldn't use an off brand controller for my Play Station, so it's wild that anyone thought this was a good idea.
I'm not an engineer by any means but I have done some carbon fiber fabrication as a hobby and I knew that carbon fiber is very weak in compression, and that you can't tell when it's going to fail. I first heard of this sub before the disaster and the question I had immediately was how they solved the compressive force problem with a simple carbon fiber capsule. If I can see the problem with essentially no formal experience then it was absolutely gross negligence, anyone with any engineering knowledge saw this problem and I have no doubt that the leaders were warned over and over.
Elon Musk 2.0
Asking a year later : What happened to them?
In the case of Titan, the Criminal Negligence is MORE than amply established by Stocton's being told be MANY Deep Submersible Construction Experts that his design is insane and deadly and he ignored them...and then there is all the video's of him admitting that he's using materials never before used for this purpose and the fact he's willingly violating multiple Laws surrounding Sub Construction...
Skydiving has you sign a waiver, but the operator would be grossly negligent if the parachutes they provide have been reported to have torn straps or knew the canopies were homemade and not stitched with proper reinforcements. People would not sign a waiver if they heard the stitching was not sewn properly.
The fact alone that the sub uses an outdated PS3 controller, and not a newer controller that had modern design and improvements to control the sub is very telling
People don't understand how carbon fibre works.  As the name implies, it's long fibres, and those fibres are very strong, but if you push instead of pull a fibre, it's like spaghetti: it deforms easily.  When carbon fibre is in compression rather than tension, much of its strength is actually the resin that glues the fibre together.  In essence, while "carbon-fibre pressure vessel" sounds kind of impressive (or at least it did to most laypeople before this happened), the vessel was in many ways more like a glorified plastic pressure vessel.
The porthole manufacturer warned Rush about the fact that it was not rated to the depths Rush was going to take it.
"The supposed safety depended upon the tensile strength of a material, carbon fibre," goes the common routine.  Two wrong ideas, tensile and material. What was relevant was the compressive strength, and of a shape, the tube, not any material. Different words.  Different concepts: Compressive. Tube. No matter how strong the tensile strength of a tube, you can always wring it or bend it and squeeze the life out of whatever's in the middle.   Tensile sstrength has almost nothing to do with resitance to wringing or bending of the shape "tube."
they should never keep one penny . also they should be in debt to a degree that equals what this whole project cost anyone outside their group who put money in
Western RULE one: Responsibility should never fall on those that profit.
who knew how right he was going to be? everyone who knew about this and if they were not idiots like they unfortunately were, the vitims knew about it too..........darwin strikes again.
What kind of person says going 10,000 feet under the ocean, in any vehicle, is "safer than crossing the street"? That is the definition of misleading. Its not safer than an airplane, its not safer than a helicopter....its barely safer than the electric chair or lethal injection!!!! Jesus everything i learn about Stockton Rush infuriates me. I work in an environment where safety is paramount and if not, people can die, and they did every year so when i see how he handled the engineering, quality control, and safety the issues are glaring. Ive worked everywhere from Florida to Alaska and I've never ever heard of a company or an individual being as arrogant and negligent as this dude. He basically said "no that costs too much and takes too long and i know better than the entire communities combined knowledge that has been obtained over the last 40 years."
"Gross negligence occurs when sometime purpisely fails to use reasonable care to ensure someone's safety."  So basically OceanGate is fukked. Dude legitimately built a death trap and sold tickets to get on it.
Hot take but in my opinion, anyone what signed that waver should have no recompense. The risks were made clear. So both sides are equally stupid and dead, there's no guilty party.
“communications failed all 3 times we went in for a dive” WHY WOULD YOU GO ON 2 MORE TIMES AFTER THE FIRST FAILURE rich people will always be the dumbest people i stfg
"5 people were willing to accept extraordinary risks in order to see the Titanic's ruins, and they now join the exclusive club that they were so fascinated with" - Damn that was dark
The fact that a bunch of millionaires accepted to be test rats for this is just mind blowing
18:51 Maybe innovation shouldn't BE rapid, I'd rather wait a bit longer for something that is more likely to be safe.  Safety regulations are written in blood, as they say
Youtube is made up of people that don't take accountability and blame the algorithm as the liabilty for conclusions of action. Legal Eagle can I ask to face the Youtube algorithm as my accuser of banning my free speech? I know the answer to this, but can you please make a video explaining why this is?
Here comes my next comment ban. James Cameron can question things and I can't .
Who survived?
Today is the *1* year anniversary of when "OceanGate Is Getting Majorly Sued" was uploaded! Have any potential lawsuits made it to court and/or been settled yet? 🤓➡️🤔
Yes! The waiver was very specific. It stated (and I quote), "I may be found by a court of law to have waived my right to maintain a lawsuit...." However; the key words are "my right", which I take it to mean that the person riding that submersible waived "their" right to sue. There is nothing in that waiver stating that the family can not sue.
WRECKLESS is the understatement of the year
Well it CAN be said that Stockton Rush went DIRECTLY TO THE FRONT OF THE LINE for DARWIN AWARD of the CENTURY
I feel like the CEO is the grinch, but his heart could not grow 3 sizes because of all the pressure😂😂 20:59
Footage of the wreckage being craned off the recovery ship clearly shows that the window was completely destroyed and that the recovery sling strap is actually routed through the open aperture where the window should have been.  That no passengers carried out any due diligence on the company or its vessel and CEO utterly beggars belief!
Devon knows there is no letter "V" in the word submersible, right?
Eleven months later, Stockton's own engineers warned him about the flaws that would eventually doom the Titan, I'm pretty sure THEY foresaw what could have gone, and what eventually did go wrong, with the Titan submersible.
For Stockton Rush,the silver lining in all this is that he died in his sub. If he hadn't of,can you imagine the aftermath for him ?  Jail,sued ......would he-even then-twigged/admitted that Titan was a piece of garbage and what an idiot he was ignoring the rules of physics engineering and safety ? My guess is that he would have waffled about "Innovation" and spouted conspiracy theories about the industry trying to stiffle him.
7:46 All of those people who made multiple journeys saying that it was obviously dangerous to the point of lethality…I have to ask why exactly I shouldn’t take their willingness to make the aforementioned journeys on-board  themselves to demonstrate that they themselves did not believe that a catastrophic failure was likely. I’m not saying it wasn’t obviously dangerous but I am suggesting that it’s extremely hypocritical and seemingly damaging to their own assertions, specifically with regard to their claim that it was negligent and foreseeable. If I think that getting into a vehicle is very likely to result in a catastrophic event causing death…I wouldn’t do it three times!
Most expensive ways to give yourself a Darwin Award?
You are the only person on YouTube that does your video sponsor mention/description correctly. Typically when channel hosts start pitching their videos sponsor I can not hit close or fast forward quickly enough. I think it’s a combination of your ability to pitch it, the content of the actual sponsors service, and your placement of the content. I never download apps or sign up for sponsors services, well technically I can’t say “never” anymore. I’ve signed on with three of your video sponsors so far. Well done.
People like this Stockton dude, ironically, are exactly the reason we need so much rules and regulations.
4:21 Great pun
The Gull Dive case is my aboslute worst nightmare. I'm terrified of the ocean, and deep water in general, so the idea of ending up just deep enough that the pressure is too much to swim back up, and either dying slowly from lack of oxygen, or being crushed to death by water.
This narrative doesn't make sense. Why was the ascending rate so slow? What damaged the batteries? What caused the sub to lose its natural buoyancy? Not water, because at that pressure, any small crack would have expanded instantaneously. It would have been over in a flash.  I think the transcript is hot garbage published by Oceangate to hide something sinister.
My friend you go off on so many tangents, you must charge by the hour. My father originally met Stockton with a friend and after 30 mins walked away saying that guy was a moron.
I cannot believe OceanGate was almost a year ago
10:56 Omg this is just like the actual Titanic-  I just don’t get what part of history repeats itself do we not understand….
Oh yeah, and regulations are bad and stifle innovation.
OceanGate....gate?
I worked on a decommissioned (but still operational engine room and reactor ) submarine and there’s nooooooo chance I’d freakin get on something like this thing. NO CHANCE. Yikes.
To be fair, pretty much any sport/outdoor activity required me to sign a waiver for potential death/major injury. Isn't that a standard thing? Aside from that, this Oceangate story is CRAZY.
20:25 Wait a second... so you're saying that the White Star Line just issued refunds for the tickets of the dead passengers, and a bit of compensation for their lost luggage?? 🤣I'm just imagining White Star Line demanding their money back after items and luggage were brought back up after the Titanic wreck was discovered. Did they call up Arthur Peuchen like "I heard you got your wallet back! Mind giving us back the money we gave you for losing it during the sinking?"
It was damaged from lightning and not rebuilt after that. Easy case. Back up the brinks truck to the victims families.
All these people who went on voyages noting how unsafe it felt and yet people kept going?
OceanGate..Gate..lol
The waiver isn't worth the paper it's written on.
I've seen the sub in person before. I thought it was an art installation and knowing now what it was, is sickening. (Side note: It was at my university so I wouldn't have been surprised if it was an art installation. Weird things occur at college and we often act like nothing is going on). They played with lives while trying to cut corners.
"just the tip of the iceberg". no pun intended, i assume.
Legal I don't necessarily agree with your tone with this video. I would like to discuss lawyers and lawsuits with you are you willing to do a conference video and record it for post? Topic will be lawsuits today and the sheer number of frivolous suits.
They should’ve watched James Cameron’s doc about diving.
How is no one talking about how Devon pronounces it submercivle? Idk if it's just me or am I going crazy?
I would say that they commited more then gross negligence, cause the ceo was warned more then once by experts that it wasnt safe and that it should be redesigned
Anyone who names their kid "Stockton" should be sued for child abuse
Boy, I sure hate google's forced narrative notifications underneath the video that's trying to ensure we all think "correct thoughts" about the Titanic, which is not even the topic of the video. Bravo, forced narrative.
It would appear that Stockton Rush knew there were problems with his submersible, even if he didn't admit it to anyone. Otherwise, why try so hard to squeeze between all those pesky rules and regulations. I wonder if all his  money is tied up in some sort of trust hidden behind a myriad of llcs and shell companies and other such things, so he can at least save his wife from bankruptcy.
Home boy should've built his make shift sub, taken it down once and by himself, and used that as a proof of concept or even just bragging rights. The fact that he thought it was finished was insane.
Oh well
What doesn't make sense about this sub was there was no diagonal wrapping with fibers
Absolutely insane stuff.
Whats absurd here, is that if I as an engineer design a machine to bend metal, or a equipment used to lift people; I'm required to comply with more demanding requirements by law - than what this sub apparently did.
That lawyer that was supposed to be on the piss-poor excuse for a submarine kinda reminds me of the fact that Big Bird was supposed to be on the challenger
How is it still an active company to be sued?!  Also, the billionaire owner was clearly driving the anti-safety ethos, surely the most anyone left could be guilty of is not quitting?
Just because you can do something doesn’t mean you should. At the end of the day humans are creatures of the land, and the titanic is a grave yard at the bottom of the ocean. We have enough HD footage of where it lies, what is there to actually gain by floating near it especially in a homemade tin can. I’m all for adventure but this whole thing is just stupid
Any update?
The waiver basically said you are gonna die and your family can't sue.
Stockton Rush will be remembered differently than he had planned. Epic fail.
OK DEADPOOL
I wonder if a large judgement is collectable.  Did they have an insurance policy.  Would and did a insurance company write a policy?  Most insurance companies would not offer a large policy for something this dangerous.  I doubt if the company has a lot of assets that could be used to pay any judgement.
zip ties. gaming controllers. bad windows.  experts saying this is not safe to use failing to acquire certifications of safety   if all this isnt gross negligence i dont know what is.  waiver is worthless
if someone tells you "this is safer than <insert anything here>" they're lying.
The father should also be charged for killing his son.
Why would you still get on if they fixed it with zip ties 😆
If you sign your life away to a company named after Watergate and ignore the plethera of warnings that it's scetchy af, honestly that's on you.
imagine having so much money you cant be bothered to put a value on your own life
the "MacGyvering" comment is the biggest red flag
Imagine going to a lawyers office, and while you're waiting they try to pitch you Brilliant. Kind of pathetic.
Basically Elon Musk but a different name, same stupidity and lies.
Wait wait wait. HOW was “not enough life boats” not gross negligence for White Star?!?!?
I think there is an assumption that if you’re paying, like, $250000, there is an assumption of safety.  Engineers would not trust something like hobbled together like to the Titan, but others may not understand how something like a carbon composite could be dangerous.
If I start saying "submersivle" after hearing Devin say it for 25 minutes I am going to be PISSED
For that gull dive case the diver bought a dry suit second hand and it didnt come with a nozzle, the drysuit wasnt supplied by the dive school, but they still should have checked that the suit had all of its gear
You mentioned high altitude diving around 11:35. Never heard of it is this diving in something like a mountain lake? Also what impact if any do you think the ocean gate incident will have on the hello moon flight if it ever goes up. Both are extremely risky to travelers. Can guarantee there will allways be some experts concerned about risks and with the owners playing down any risks.
"You can hear the acrylic cracking before it fails" sounds to me more like "You can hear the gunshot before you get shot."  It's things like this is why I don't have any sympathy for anyone who died in that thing. Not because they were rich, but because they were literally too stupid too live. You don't get into a paper airplane to fly. You don't get into a Home Depot pressure tank to deep dive. Yes, OceanGate should be sued and, in a just world, punished harshly, but let's not forget that the reason this all happened was because some people looked at that plastic toy and thought it could handle the deep ocean.
I don't think it matters what countries the people were from, but what country was flying on the ship? I could be wrong as I'm no lawyer.
You could add that the rate of descent was 2x too fast, to the point tht they could not stop it when the first alarms of microfractures sounded. He drop all the garbage used as ballast, to no avail. If he haven't done that maybe, just maybe they could have survived after a quick stop and a slow, safe, surfacing.
0:26 ironic
It's all super rich people suing them.  either way that company is done.  if they don't win they will litigate and keep this in the courts until the end of time.
No way on earth that company isn't done.
OceanGate gonna get its bones picked clean in court.
liked/shared
Pretty sure when scientists and engineers mccgiver stuff its usually something low risk and/or to get a prototype idea to then be made properly
What exactly is a "submerciful"?
one small sidecomment, the us navy also uses off the shelf video game controllers -- xbox controllers -- to control its nuclear subs. so the controller in and of itself isn't of any inherent concern. of course, other issues with controls may well be design defects, other than the fact of being an off the shelf controller. (also, being struck by lightning isn't a design defect)
Nice thumbnail. "Majorly sued." Even middle school kids stopped saying "majorly" 20 or so years ago.
What about all those billionaires that Musk wants to kill on his trip to Mars?
I wish more Billionaires would go diving with OceanGate 🙂
theres also a good video by @Real Engineering that talks about the constitution and design of the oceangate submarine from an engineering perspective (spoiler: it was careless) that explains a lot of the faults with the submarine and shortcuts the company took while building it Edit: i did not notice the link to the video in the description.
>"I take the endless cries of 'you're going to kill someone' as a personal insult."  "I can kill way more people than that!"  Mate, if enough people tell you you're drunk, it's time to lie down.  If enough people tell you you're going to kill someone... I don't know what you do then.
A youtuber that was invited pussed out last minute. I wonder if he was part of the lawsuit.
If the owner of the company is putting himself in danger, then its not gross negligence.
The sea is a cruel mistress who will let those unwary be consumed by her treacherous tides.
Rush was another self important, brash, dismissive All-Knowing, Narcissist. Yes, he embodied every trait typical of Narcs, from arrogance and belligerence when calmly confronted about his faulty design approach and the subsequent high risk involved, relentless total lack of concern for his passengers…greedy, yes but his outsize ego directly contributed to his & their💔fatal peril.
This guy is a snake oil salesman
you need to speak slower, please.
100% chance all the people who died inherited their fortune & not made it themselves lol
Never trust an egomaniac with your life. Does the name Musk sound familiar.
I cannot allow that journalist to get away with using the term "MacGyver-ed". His stuff worked.
Who are they gonna sue though? Rush's ghost? A piece of paper that says the company exists with no employees?
Yeah I just watched that video
The were going in circles because they installed one of the propellers backwards.  Yehaw engineering is going to get you killed.
the cycles the hull was subjected to
I think he should have been stopped
There's an organization that "manages" the Titanic wreckage site?  How?
It really cracks me up knowing that the submarine they desiged for a game was still more complicated. If you didn't know, in a game called subnautica, there is a large submarine named the cyclops, which boasts many features. In the end credits, there is a part that reads "cyclops is an official trademark of oceangate"
Calling structural failure a safety measure is crushingly total disregard
“Who could have seen something going wrong with the Titan sub?”   Anyone with brain cells that read the waiver or started asking questions.
Hey I just watched that Real Engineering video before coming here lol
Someone once told me that regulations are written in blood. OceanGate proved it.
Coast guard needs sued for sitting on the Navy's implosion info.... period
hearing the sentence "lightning can do weird things" is freaking creepy, because when you understand anything about electricity, which I would expect those people to know, then lighting is just a too huge amount of electricity. you'll know which parts are definetly fried and where your fuses might have stopped the biggest damage, you will still have to check everything though.
NASA used liquidized quartz (in the best of my memory) for their windscreens.  Not an engineer but that sounds like a better option than plexiglass at deep pressure.  (How do I know, I have a piece of the windshield from not one of the fatilitalties where they were given out as souvenirs, and yes, I licked it, hey something that was in outerspace!)
Can a person consent to an unusual level of fatal risk ? Thousands of people pay lots of money to go up the deadly Mount Everest. The Mountain is littered with desiccated corpses in very expensive gear. From what I read of the waiver, it was made very clear that it was an experimental craft. And, that they understood and consented to the elevated risks of fatality. Several repeated "you can die"'s in the text. Can  a test pilot's family sue for a death?
who are they suing though, stockton is dead too
wait.. Did James Cameron just hop on ABC to give an exclusive wearing a Thor motocross jersey?   I like his style.
I wonder how many times they heard "are you stupid?" during the build?
OMG I own that Logitech controller myself
I appreciate the sponsor ads being at the end. Although this would be a good point to switch to a different video- i let it run, out of respect for the format. Good on you.
It's not a good thing that this happened, but it really is a good thing that this landed in the laps of wealthy people as the damaged parties. If anyone's gonna have the money to help fund a lawsuit and start the legal steps to make this kind of insanity harder to get away with in the future, it'll be people who can afford to toss 250k at something like this.
Five candidates for the Darwin Award.
“The engineers used an off-brand PS3 controller to drive the sub” is a sentence that will always give me psychic damage no matter how many times I hear it
Legal Eagle keeps on referring to "carbon fiber" being used to make the sub. While the small clip quoted from the engineer is talking about how it was built from "carbon fiber composites". Those two things are very different. Carbon fiber is a ridiculously expensive material that is ridiculously strong. Carbon Fiber Composites are basically plastic reinforced with a little bit of carbon fiber. The sub was built out of the latter.
...bringing up irrelevant previous decisions from NON Bahamian Courts gets you NOWHERE for THIS event.
Knowing the laws of the Bahamas, that I have dealt with for 40 years+, the language protects Oceangate from any liability that could be litigated UNDER THEIR LEGAL SYSTEM. The lawyers sowed it up tight. When you're talking of acceptance of Death by the voyagers, it's not a matter of "a little death" or "lots of death"....no amount of hair-splitting will interest the Bahamian Court system. And since the guy went on the voyage himself, unless they can prove he had a death-wish (not gonna happen) then gross negligence is off the table.
"here, get in the submersible coffin while I spend a half hour ratcheting the bolts tight so that, even if there was only an air problem, you might suffocate on the surface, before we could get the lid off to save you"
I have always wondered why a smaller, more maneuverable, unmanned drone (with cameras all 'round) couldn't be sent down to broadcast a live 360 degree image video up to a bathysphere set up in a virtual reality type environment. Exact same "feel" with none of the worry/risk/DEATH of the manned vessel.
"Well, "DUH!"...just "DUH!"
"'There is absolutely no problem with the island.' Gennaro said, 'Then there should be absolutely no problem with an inspection.' 'And there isn't,' Hammond said. 'But it slows things down. Everything has to stop for the official visit...'" --Dialog between John Hammond and Donald Gennaro, "Jurassic Park" (1990 book), Michael Crichton
01:38  Yeah, but there's a major difference between that horrid claptrap made out of sub-par fiberglass and say a better quality sub such as the "Alvin" Series.
submerciful
Thank you for clearly explaining this tragedy to us.
The dude said it was perfectly safe but the signed paper says otherwise. I would think that the court would side with the victims in this case do to one party consistently lying to people.
I guess it's better for them to have YouTube channels, then begging on the exit ramps.
Settled? Means they knew they were screwed
still its quite amazing that ocean gate actully acomplish many mission sucessfully before failing regardless i dont think ocean gate should be sued the waivers are very clear and the activity is also very clear on the nature of the activity.
they could have just tested it...
great story that illustrates money does not equal brains. Hilarious that those people got into that thing
OceanGateGate
Tch And to think the cyclops from subnautica is based off that trash
This should never have happened. We need strict regulation and oversight and enforcement.
Sueing ocean gate okay that be justice but any money given to the family who lost a loved one during the titan´s implosion should come from stocktons personal bank account.  Its stockton who´s is responsible for those deaths but its the rest of ocean gates who didn´t stop Stockton from building that death trap any way.
"They've now joined the exclusive club, they were so fascinated with" ☠️
total lack of care huh? Like.. not knowing how to build a submersable? yep, pretty much! I mean.. its almost like we consider the deep sea to be as hostile, if not a more hostile environment than 'SPACE' ..gee I wonder why, maybe its something to do with the whole.. immense pressure of an entire ocean's weight. It's a lot easier for us to build something capable of withstanding the vacuum of space, rather than something capable of withstanding the insane pressures at the bottom of the ocean!  But hey, thats all a myth! if those heavily regulated companies can do it, surely, I a fool with lots of money who decided to built a submersable with basically no safety systems and out of a composite material that is known to be untested at such depths, will succeed! It's almost like he wanted this to happen considering how he named his worthless company.
If the pressure is so great at the depth of the titanic, how is the Titanic even in form and itsnt just completely flattened?
so am i getting that right? small vessels now loose those protections while multi billion companies are still shielded from liability?
lets go oregon mentioned in a legaleagle episode lets go
This is messed up man
Messed up
Should have used a gamecube controller
Is it bad that I don't feel sympathy to the passengers? They knew it was a major risk and the families are insanely rich so they will be fine. If I signed up to sky dive or go in a submersible, I fully expect I could die and that my death will be spectacular.
Richard was in a RUSH …
His arrogance is particularly grating, given we already know how this story ends thanks to the benefit of hindsight.
This man jumped through so much hoops, used so many loopholes, burned every bridge possible in his community, cut so many costs... What good is all that money, all those careful efforts to skimp on materials now ? It's maddening.
You can't get blood out of a stone. No matter how good your legal position is.
4:55 how does one rebuild a Carbon fiber hull makes me think that they screwed that one up because the sub imploded plain and simple🤔
Stockton Rush was arrogant and was warned that thing wasn't safe..He warned numerous times and ignored the warnings. He didn't care about safety concerns. OceanGate needs to get because the company is negligent.
The son that was on there didn’t wanna go on, he was pressured by his family
I'm not an attorney but it occured to me that in a lawsuit for personal injury by the plaintiffs on the Titanic thinking that they could have prevailed on the theory that the owners did something wrong (designed the bulkheads incorrectly ) and had a duty of care and breached that duty which caused injury to someone as a result. They knew beforehand the possible hazards to the plaintiffs regarding the stability of the ship in high seas because they certainly PORED over plans of the vessel at some point in its construction. And the half hearted settlement tacked on to the judgement possibly acknowledges it. So an incorrectly designed vessel at least would have breached the duty of care of the owner to more rigorously evaluate its design beforehand, also as an assist in turn investigating the engineers and the construction company.
Im not saying i disagree with legal eagle, its just funny when he said "it malfunctioned after being struck by lightning." Cause now I'm just imagining you're returning a car, and they ask why, and you're like "It's defective. It didn’t work after being struck by lightning." XD
Oceangate = 250k dollar funeral sheesh
oceangate turned people into a fine red mist "struck by lightning" god was telling you to stop!!
in any case their stocks will go down anyway and no investor will touch it also no one will ride it  so company doomed but i do feel for all those who had some glimmer of hope..   i have a friend who is a dr and the absolute crushing  defeat that all the rescuers and people looking for them wouldof been soul crushing
they didnt  test it  cuz they  knew it would fail and they needed those investor dollars . they preyed on rich  people
when it went missing i knew it had imploded due to pressure as i understood  carbon fiber was a poor choice ... he was stark raving mad.
A fish furry would be considered a "scalie"/"scaley". Similar to lizard or snake scalies.
The issue with the carbon fiber hull isn't that it's loaded in compression. There are composite structures loaded in compression in aircraft applications that Stockton was probably familiar with since he was an aerospace engineer. He also was not the first person to try and build a carbon fiber submarine, and probably won't be the last. The issue with his design was more the magnitude of the stress, a combination of the immense depth he was targeting and the large internal volume for carrying all those passengers, which meant the carbon fiber sections needed to be extremely thick. He probably did not have a good way of detecting and controlling defects in such a structure, and it's probable that even if he was to do so with the sensitivity standard for aircraft applications that it wouldn't have been good enough for what he was trying to do. His response to the concerns raised by that fired employee was basically that the technology didn't exist to perform the inspection he was asking for, which may very well have been true.   Ultimately that meant this sub was at best a test article which if applied correctly could have resulted in real innovation but really had no business carrying actual people, let alone paying passengers. Stockton was also a test pilot, and probably had a mentality towards personal risk very different than the people he ultimately mislead into following him on these dives.
Dont just read something before you sign it, READ IT AND  UNDERSTAND IT.
Oh dear.  Well, that waiver document would STOP me from the trip.   OceanGate did NOT properly take care of its passengers. The sub was shoddily built, shoddily maintained, and was not properly certified. All of these problems were just constant issues indicative of gross incompetence.  McGyver is a FICTIONAL TV character.  The boss man withheld information such as exactly how shoddy the sub was.
The skydiving release waiver is a good litmus test.  Accidents can happen.  That’s why there is a waiver.  Now imagine if you had someone unqualified to pack the parachute pack it and no backup parachute.  Then the company did not listen to others when they raised safety concerns.  And then they disclosed none of this to customers, just saying skydiving is risky.  They are knowingly withholding key safety information from their customers.  Seriously reckless!
This honestly sounds like a suicide that he didn’t want to be reported as suicide. I mean think about it, he’s from that generation that has hella stigma around that and mental health especially him being a man. Dude was probably wildly depressed and had nobody to confide in under the old school “boys don’t cry” mindset. I mean was has he done before this that made him successful? What was his legacy? Seems like he wanted to go out as this ambitious “inventor” instead of a sad failure. This is his legacy to be talked about and discussed. Otherwise there would be nothing to comment on.
This man had the same kind of “cut-costs-above-all-else-and-bluff-using-buzzwords-like-rapid-innovation” attitude as any other SaaS startup CEO. But he was dealing with actual hardware and lives, not some shiddy app.
OceanGate became a scandal because of who died not because of why or how.
I wonder if the Eagle team takes on lease and property cases
20:27 good lord how did I not hear about White Star Line screwing over a thousand families out of compensation for the family members who died on their vessel because of a failure in their vessel.   That’s like, a textbook definition of “bad law.”
it's really baffling that there was a documentary where it was not working properly, but they still had people willing to go on board...
I wonder how much Rush spent on lawyers to circumvent the law rather than develop a safe submersible. Fitting his own negligence took him out. We call this natural selection.
Oceangate is probably broke and has no money to recover and I'm sure they had no insurance because no one would insure them.
Is there even anyone left to sue?
Trump has evidence of corruption on joe Biden this evidence can ruin joe Biden's election completely
Ocean Gate's customers basically played a very expensive game of russian roulette.
The laws of all countries are not designed to protect the innocent; after all they have done nothing wrong. So exactly who are they designed to protect? Take a wild guess.
Stockton much. Nuts
I loved hearing about the intersection of law and engineering here! Have you considered any other videos in this area? I’d love a patent law video from this channel, considering how foundational the intellectual-property-suit mutually-assured-destruction is to our big-tech dominated economy!
Stockton was in a Rush to be the smartest one in the room. The entire incident was completely avoidable.
This was one of the most complicated self deletions ever.  Negligence to the point where it has to be on purpose...
Oh so it was also struck by lightening. Delightful.
Thing is I doubt that the families signed the documents. It's them who are suing.
Really?  This is why the world is a mess.  They got in of their own accord, suck it up.
Often mad scientists in tv and movies are portrayed as being, in some sense, smarter than their counterparts that “play by all the rules”. The truth is that mad scientists are not scientists at all. The rules they skip are the rules which outline the scientific method and which govern standard practice within that field. A scientist may be critical of those standard practices, but a scientist will always work within those rule in trying to amend those rule. Not unlike law, a scientist must present an argument for why the standards should be amended and it is the consensus of the broader scientific community that gets standards changed. This is how actual science happens. Tinkering and working outside the boundaries can be fun, but this process is more like speculation than science. It can be valuable, but it is vital that you have the complete backing of the broader scientific community when we are potentially putting people’s lives on the line
I'll just get a sub from the Russians. WAY better odds😆😂🤣
So will getting submarines certified now become mandatory right? I hope so.
So if I sign a waiver, does that bind my wife or child? can they not sue on their own behalf for loss of companionship, or income?
Him taking safety warnings as “serious personal insults” just shows how insanely narcissistic he was.
Brother the Titanic made an entire generation of human superstitious
You and the team are legends and i love the content. cant help but wonder why you and simon whistler havent partnered on a few things yet....
They was seling Final Destination tour
Stockton Rush was absolutely delusional given how many examples of how unsafe the vessel was
ok jim halpert
"off brand playstation 3 controller" it is all you need to know about that guy expertise level. He have no idea what he is speaking about in details.
This is a case where a rich and powerful madman was allowed to do very questionable things without anyone stopping him. They were nuts and looking to scam money without any idea about science and if they did they just ignored it.
Clear negligence by arrogant CEO
The courts will figure it out.  But the people did sign a form.  I can say in, NO WAY WOULD I HAVE WENT DOWN IN THAT THING.
First I have heard about being damaged by lightning. Where are the studies into the affects of lightning on the carbon fibre under high pressure? I assume they never investigated that beyond a visual inspection.
The deaths would have probably been lessened to if hollywood and media didn't romanticize the Titanic so much to such an extreme unnecessary degree. We need to stop romanticizing natural disaster and trajedy. The Titanic would have just been a piece of history to remember and look for if it weren't for those movies.
DUH
The fact they didn't shell out the extra $20 for a name brand PlayStation controller tells you everything about their design philosophy: cheap and shoddy.
Stockton Rush , will go down in history as  the 2023 Darwin award winner , absolute bell end , we dont need testing , we dont need certification , we don't need a funeral
It’s a shame, that the court cases that get televised the most are very heinous murder trials. Truthfully, I think fraud and negligence and medical malpractice are actually more interesting than murder trials. I’d like to see more of them get airtime.
Phenomenal use of language good sir.
Hello? Hello, hello? Uh, I wanted to record a message for you to help you get settled in on your first dive. Um, I actually worked in that sub before you. I'm finishing up my last dives now, as a matter of fact. So, I know it can be a bit overwhelming, but I'm here to tell you there's nothing to worry about. Uh, you'll do fine. So, let's just focus on getting you through your first dive, okay? Uh, let's see, first there's an introductory greeting from the company that I'm supposed to read. Uh, it's kind of a legal thing, you know. Um, "Welcome to Ocean Gate's Titan. A magical machine for kids and grown-ups alike, where fantasy and fun come to life. Ocean Gate is not responsible for damage to property or person. Upon discovering that damage or death has occurred, a missing person report will be filed within 90 days, or as soon property and premises have been thoroughly cleaned and bleached, and the vehicle has been replaced."  Blah, blah, blah. Now that might sound bad, I know, but there's really nothing to worry about. Uh, the hull does tend to crack a bit during dives , but do I blame it? No. If I were forced to dive those same stupid depths for two years and I never got maintanance? I'd probably be a bit unstable at depths too.
They have a watertight case... Oh wait
He made how many trips??? 200??? So why didn't he buy a 3-4 million dollar submarine 😂 GREEDY CEO 😂😂😂
Remove the underlying sound
Stockton Rush and Ocean Gate should only be known for the rest of time as mass murders.
They signed the waiver based off of fraud
Stockton Rush charging people $250k each for a ride on a sub he ordered from Temu for $59.95.
One would think that any sea or aircraft made with the intention of commercial transport there would be a requirement by law to have some kind of state or federal inspection and certification prior to use in that capacity.
There was clear negligence though they did t know they were in a death trap it failed in the 5th trip he cut corners and people died
Confidence is useful, bravado kills.
That has to be the best and worst transition to a Brilliant advert.
I'm here because of the chick.
For the love of whoever you believe in, turn your ads down a little. Ffs. You have an ad playing every 2 minutes. Im not watching this if i have to stop what im doing to come skip the ad every 2 minutes. Then you have a sponsor in the video itself. You guys are sellouts.
They knew & took the risk,gambled & lost give them nothing
There you are, stealing the highlighter effect again... 😅
The view port seem like gross negligence to me.
I hope they sue everything out of them thats left!
It's astounding the depths of delusional incompetence this fool sank to just to be right. Good lesson here. Stay away from deluded, insecure people as they tend to take out more than just themselves.
"Lightning can do weird things" Uhm ... no ... no it can't ... lightning does exactly what one would expect of a jolt of 100 million to 1 billion volts containing billionS of watts ... But then again ... one usually would also expect a small carbon fiber can build and maintained by a private company without any oversight over the processes and the main goal of 'making a buck' off of it to be severely unfit for commercially wreckage deep diving ...  I'd say ... gross negligence is an understatement xD
It's so sad this happened, especially for the other people onboard. He could have put safety first, received certification, and could have actually made a great submarine if he would have listened to the warnings of professionals and focused on making the submarine safe.
At 250k per person, you’re scamming rich people. We all know how this goes.  23:22 - 23:25 Pipe down. He’d be allowed, he’d be an immigrant.
Why did he want to reinvent the submersible? Submersibles already exist. He just made a bad one.
The way I see it is a classic example of more money than brains, by everyone.
Ocean Gate name rings of "Heavens Gate" as key Leader takes others along on his Voyage. He's there - NO would hv Boarded IF Stockton wasn't also Inside Titan*  with paying Clients
The nineteen-year-old's mother gave up her seat so he could go down. Just a random thing to know.
04:21 I see what you did there 👏😂
Why is everone on about the video game controller?  So much was wrong here but a massively consumer tested computer control device made them feel endangered?
Why is everone on about the video game controller?  So much was wrong here but a massively consumer tested computer control device made them feel endangered?
See? Unregulated greed, like tons of guns, solves every problem it creates...eventually. Let evolution have her perfect work.
I'm certain  that you're working on a Sam Bankman FTX video can't wait     to see that one!
man, there is such a gulf of difference between 'it's been fine for X trips and suddenly catastrophic failure' and 'it has constant and continual problems that i ignore and eventually catastrophic failure'
Interesting discussion. The territorial jurisdiction is also a very thorny issue. Just a quick question: you mentioned the old 3mile territorial water limit. Hasn't the international community now considered up to 12 miles from land as the jurisdictional area of a nation's control?
Billable hours...
I hope they r sued.
It seems history repeats itself in such a meta way
22:30 The sub definitely did not carry 5 because of this law. 5 was already really pushing how many people can even fit in the vessel. And the law would allow for 6 anyway.
Ocean Gates' negligence wasn't just gross. It was criminal.  Don't be sticking me on that jury!!!
They deliberately and blatantly avoided safety regulations, inspections and warnings from their own employees.
the bulkhead walls where not a design flaw, they were a design choice.
Remember those infomercials for storage bags that had a special nozzle so you could suck the extra air out with your vacuum? That's what happened to Linnea Mills. She entered the water with her suit deflated and, because of the damaged equipment, she was unable to add any air. As she submerged, the suit constricted around her, making movement and breathing impossible. The load of weights she was carrying caused her to sink too rapidly for her dive buddy (also a student) to aid her. As you get deeper, it takes more and more air to offset your negative buoyancy, so it becomes a runaway train situation. Not only was she incorrectly weighted, but the weights had been tucked into pockets on her suit, preventing the other student driver from simply unbuckling a weight belt to lighten her enough for the him to lift her. The diving company latered tried to deflect blame onto her traumatized buddy for the incident.
It's incredible the risk idiots will take. The deep sea is arguably the second most hostile place we know to life. Number one is literally outer space. The same reason you wouldn't want to board a rocket made of paper mache applies to the abyss of the ocean. That reason is: if the vehicle fails, death is more or less guaranteed.
When layman and hack engineers designs a deep dive sub and ignore experts.
I read that they jettisoned the bottom of the sub apparently to ascend faster, so they knew it was failing.
Imagine telling someone that your undertested ramshackle submarine is safer than something like _flying_ - which has been through countless safety tests and innovation for both passenger comfort and, y’know, the freaking _ability to fly._
that tie goes so hard
This case reminds me of the Titanic. The owner didn't listen to the engineers and many people died because of him.
pretty messed up that with all this push back it can still just go ahead and kill people.....I mean what is going on?
its unfortunate Rush died in the accident almost, he never knew how wrong he was.
too many commercials... bye
One correction, Mills was not killed by water pressure. At the depths she was diving being crushed was not a concern. She almost certainly drowned
“We’ve heard ‘you’re going to kill someone’ way too often”…………so we are just going to completely ignore any concerns and continue business as usual (goes to Home Depot to buy more “submarine” materials) 🙄🤣🤷🏻‍♂️
OceanGate, Its a Gate to the Ocean to die
Ocean gate should be dismantled period.. They put people in direct danger over and over until tragedy struck..
Typical money over lives.. How are these old ass laws apply now?
I'd rather be utterly confused which button on the sub does what than rely on a *singular BUTTON* .  With multiple buttons/switches, I'd at least have someway to get out of the situation should a button stop working. With the singular button, the moment it stops working I'm screwed.    _Then again, I still wouldn't go miles below in the sea in a sub eveb if you paid me_
Possibly 3rd District Court Harrisburg PA... If it is registered in the Bahamas for American lawsuits.
the only solace to all of this, is that the idiot went down with his ship.
Would a good example of Gross Negligence be: a sky-diving company uses Elmer's to glue a bunch of paper napkins together for parachutes which ends up resulting in injury or death?
Does it sound like he's saying 'Submersivle', with a v, as opposed to 'submersible' to anyone else, or am I just crazy?
5:23 "Hey, you're gonna die from a broken window two miles underwater but you'll at least have maybe a second if that's warning." That's seriously what Rush said.
I'm just going to be completely honest, I do believe this man thought he was going to start a new video games controlled vehicle and it catch on like a trend. He did something new and techy and ended up hurting other people in the process.... Well at least he look like it and can't nobody change my mind. I don't think he had any experience in the things that go in between the sheets of a submarine.
yes as it was obviously him being ignorant of such horrible and huge risks so much so i think he was on a suicide mission and asked other people to come with him without telling them it was a suicide mission he was pretty much a terrorist
I have no idea what this dude is saying but the way he explains stuff is fire and addictive to listen to
It's bizarre to realize that the man in those interviews is now goo on the bottom of the ocean.
0:18 So he made a sub out of second hand boxes, pritstick and a single button, yet he charged people 250k per person? That should be a crime of its own. You could create 5 of those subs with 250k. 4:58 You said the Titanic was only 2 miles under water. 2 miles is 3200 meters. 12:19 "Immediately" makes it sound like the person started drowning the moment their toes touched the water.
im SORRY the ship was struck BY LIGHTNING in 2018 ???  ive literally never been more serious about converting to hellenism. they got the whole pantheon for this one. truly a lesson in hubris.
Natural Selection.
After watching/reading a lot on this disaster I really have a lot of trouble feeling sympathy for the dead. This is paramount to agreeing to ride a neighbors homemade rocket ship to the moon.
Tbh, if I had read this waiver, I would have run in the opposite direction as quickly as possible.
The craziest thing is they chose a country that wasn't close to the titanic at all. Bahamas is nowhere near the titanic. When he said Bahamas law, I was like why? Is that a maritime thing? Why choose a country so far from the sinking to follow the laws. Canada is the closest country.
The irony of a submersible getting struck by lightning.
i only feel bad for the Son. that’s it. he was dragged into it by his dad that clearly just heard buzz words and thought it was ok. It’s such a tragic story that stupidity thrives in the rich
The Titanic was supposed to be a brand new ship in 1812 or 1912 but it had rust on it already meaning JP Morgan just switched the colors and the names of the original Titanic and the RMS Olympic.
So what is next ? sky divers sewing for dying.??? play stupid games win stupid prizes.
Isnt that waiver very extra territorial and would it stand up in court?
SMH... Anyone who has worked with carbon fiber in design engineering, or has used cf equipment in any stress application knows why this shell was a literally insane design. This was the demise of tech bros who thought they were smarter than over 100 years of physics and research, because of... reasons. Always. Listen. To. Engineers. Especially when they tell you that you're probably gonna die.
Rules of engagement are simple. You and Youtube Spam me with shorts, I come to your videos and give free downvotes. TAH!
If experts from everywhere were telling you it was unsafe and countries were refusing to allow you to operate in their waters because they knew you were doing sleezy stuff, yet you continued to tell customers that it was all completely safe without mentioning any of that information. He 100% should be held liable.  I’ve been skydiving twice and i knew it was dangerous but if i was told that the plane or parachute they were using was super “experimental” and every expert was telling the company to stop, i would never get on that plane. That’s information I would want to know.   Obviously he would never tell them that though. Typical business man. Money over anything else
Sir, why don't you take some deep breaths of air  and chill out, and stop talking so fast like you are on Fast Forward Speed okay.  Just Relax!!
I’m sorry, but to sum it up. If I wanted to kill my friend and they signed a waiver explaining all the risk and details. I wouldn’t be completely absolvent. Literally he was smart and still acted with disregard. His friends and experts voiced concern and were ignored. How can the families not claim their damages ?
If only the Titan had been designed as conscientiously as the Limiting Factor. All the victims would be alive today.  When the wreckage of the Titan was brought ashore, the titanium end caps were filmed. No trace of the carbon fiber hull was present, as if it had disintegrated, leaving nothing to be brought ashore. That, and the well-known issue of carbon fiber not serving well as a hull against external pressure, may weigh on a court's mind.
The oceangate titan sub catastrophe is the logical conclusion to libertarianism.  By insisting ignoring experts, a person like stockton rush isn’t revolutionary, they’re an idiot.  And the person I feel worst for in the catastrophe is the youngest casualty who was just going on it to try to bond with his father
this is exactly what would have happened to Rapture in real life.
I’m more careful in my high school technical theatre class
Signing a waiver was never going to allow OceanGate to get off scot free from this.  If I can liken it to a vape which has on the packet “up to 600 puffs”, a person finding they got 5 puffs only, definitely has a case against the seller.  It’s no defence to say “well 5 puffs is up to 600”.  That would be fine in the event of someone claiming they only got 589 puffs, but there is an expectation that there will be more than 5.  OceanGate can’t protect themselves from legal action, no matter what the passengers signed, as they were entitled to expect that the company had taken every precaution to avoid their paying passengers being locked inside a ticking time bomb.
11:25 time mark _ The Linnae Mills scuba accident.  Besides failing to provide her with an inflator hose to connect to her insulated suit (which, in and of itself, warranted cancellation of the dive instruction), the investigation into the diving tragedy found that the dive instructors had weighted Linnae Mills down with 44 pounds of lead weights placed into pockets of her wet suit and BCD.  NO WEIGHT BELT WAS USED.  Can you imagine the level of sheer incompetence it took to drown that poor student?  They could just as well have walked her off the plank of a pirate ship shackled in leg irons.
18:30 NOW i have a genuine question (no i am not on the side of oceangate). My question is more towards how we define "experts"... I'm not saying that letter shouldn't basically be all we need to prove oceangate is at fault. but afaik this is a self regulated, and self authenticated group? So like really how far away are we from corruption to the level where guilty parties create such groups to protect themselves from future violations?
atleast one of the passengers was pressured into it, being the young man who was reportedly terrified of the trip, but went along with it for his dad for father's day
You are warned about dangers so often that people become complacent and don’t differentiate real danger and ‘they just have to cover their ass’.
The only other thing I would have liked to hear is your personal professional take on whether or not you would take on that particular lawsuit.  Hypothetically, of course.  Or at least an estimated odds of success going against the waver that was signed.
I mean this is the same reason why cruise liners register their ships in the Bahamas
The company can just declare bankruptcy, right?
Here in England Gross Misconduct or Negligence is pretty much the same... and England is also extremely detailed and experienced when it comes to Ocean law and safety law.  Here in England we also have a very popular related saying... "No contract or agreement overrides law"... which is specific to this kind of "Contract"... the contract is pretty much useless in protecting the issuer from any legal repercussion.  The problem is, how much of the English law did the Bahamas keep...
I feel smarter every time I listen to this dude. Great video and yes I subscribed!
I’m no legal expert. But I kinda think “Our vessel is perfectly safe for passengers…Just don’t tell anyone you’re a passenger” is kind of a red flag.
the waiver sounds very dangerous to me. So I think it make no sense to sue the oceangate if they read the waiver and signed it.
That plastic lunchbox had a time-delay fuse the second it was manufactured. It was a grenade with the pin pulled out. Sooner or later this was guaranteed to happen.  Also the makers of the Titanic never called her "unsinkable". They touted all their safety measures (which were state of the art at the time), but never directly stated it *couldn't* be sunk. Pop culture at the time is what drew that connection.
Everyone remotely familiar with the "engineering" of the Titan knew it was a death trap. Unfortunately nature doesn't respond well to managers' wishful thinking and delusions.
The rich get richer
This channel is a literal goldmine. You provide sources and relevant information for everyday legal trouble.
Gross Negligence: When you’re not only incompetent, but stinky.
While I appreciate the witty transition into your pitch for Brilliant, I don't think it was a lack of math and science skills on the part of Stockton Rush that led to this catastrophe. Sounds like he was suffering from an over abundance of hubris, which can be lethal in even small doses.
FIRED WORKER: When you hate your BOSS so much, that you tell him its safe to submerge in a tin can.... LOL
I don't think they will win on the gross negligence claim. Mostly because Stockton, the CEO, was on the ship himself and in the same danger as his customers. This is almost never seen in other 'high risk' companies. It obviously wasn't deliberate as he wasn't suicidal or a terrorist. The waiver was also very explicit and not worded in a way to entice customers to venture further.
But they did not know it wouldn't be built the right way. Rush took lots of short cuts.
I am blown away by the cost of traveling to a wreck and the exposure to bodily harm to end up looking at the image on a monitor...  😶😶😶😶
17:30 No way is that old man wearing a Thor jersey lmao. If he can ride at that age, he must be in excellent physical shape. Mad props
Oceangate: The Titan is going to the Titanic. Me: Titanic.. Titan.. IC...
"and that's just the tip of the iceberg" ...dude
oh so a double kill
I just wish he'd lived to see the fruits of his labors. He got to die thinking that he was right about his sub's safety if it was instantaneous
man all these regulations are slowing down progress, let me just ignore them all and do what I want. Proceeds to die horribly as a result. Its people like this that are the reasons for the regulations in the first place, if you don't know why the fence is there learn why before you take it down.
It's astounding that the submersible didn't fail sooner.  It's troubling that the owner was able to operate so recklessly and with great conceit.  It's fine to be a maverick and experiment with new ideas if you're the ceo of a telecom business.   Using unproven, inadequately tested technology when people's lives are at stake is unconscionable.
Poor guy, the pressure really got to him
Never happened. They didn't launch at all. Billionaire faked his death.
25 minutes of talk but failed to cover the key question - Has Oceangate actually got any assets?  It is difficult to believe that there was any insurance cover and it is very likely that Oceangate depended entirely on finding passengers and will already be in debt.
You have a point.. Lloyds of London warned that it was a risky proposition. Titan was constructed of dubious materials. And that was clearly the case that there was a doubt on it's basic design. And there's a lot of other technical shortcomings. As well!
Where's the money that you can sue for ???😊
The men on the submersible knew the risks and took them anyway.  Sorry they died, but they were adventurers and died doing what they wanted with there lives.  No one is at fault, end of story.
They believed in the project,  they paid their dues,  they signed the document.  Deal is done,  tough that it failed.  Considering the Release they signed,  tough nuggies and Civil Lawsuit is an EXTORTION just for the Money,  akin to O.J.'s similar Civil Extortion Lawsuit.  <*>  A medical release,  get treatment Demanded or No treatment?  @19:25,  I don't believe "White Star Lines"  EVER said anything about the Titanic being "Unsinkable",  seem as I remember it OTHER People made that claim,  including a news paper.
“She is unsinkable!”
I don’t know how anyone in their right mind would get in that thing no less for 250,000. Crackling sounds from the view portal not even rated to go to 12,000 feet. Total insanity.
They All signed waivers stating they KNEW the risks..they will Loose
".......and ofcourse the wreckage is in the middle of the Atlantic". 😊
Thought for a moment, he could be Tchéky Karyo !
WaterGate !
I read somewhere that Paul Henri Nargeolet knew he was gonna die and went because he had nothing to lose. I'm still trying to figure out how I feel about this information.
This is so clearly gross negligence it's just insane. I don't see how a judge could possibly look at this and not agree that this is absolutely lawsuit worthy.
I still can’t believe he fired the messenger when he was approached with concerns. Obviously it was over being told something he didn’t wanna hear, and this trip was meant to be the proverbial middle finger to anyone else who felt a similar way. Gee, I wonder who else once upon a time repeatedly ignored warnings of a certain dangerous area, yet decided to continue full speed ahead and wound up costing people their lives in an attempt to prove a point🧐  If I were a Titanic victim I’d be pissed off enough to destroy your ghetto-rigged vessel too.
They all signed wavers and rolled the dice.
This could have been a mass murder ritual planned by the satanic cabal that controls the world.
Thank you.  I am indebted to you.  A long-standing question I had was how was how could they have evaded the requirement to be certified and why was the Coast Guard not able to prohibit its operation?  You answered these.  it had less than 6 passengers and they were classified as 'specialists'.  Does this add up to duplicity and a demonstrable effort to evade laws?
Quite frankly, Considering the massive cost the US and Canada had looking for a doomed vessel, it's likely that they will be changing their laws regarding this. They both have valid reason for jurisdiction when they were expected to respond to the disaster imo.
Imma say what everybody else is afraid to say. This tragic situation was natural selection at its best. It’s very tragic but why would you pay to go on a homemade submersible. The company is for sure not blame free but come on. Even if I had a trillion dollars I’d never be stupid enough to wanna get on that thing. I’d make my own before I got on someone else’s atleast then my death is my dumbass fault completely and not have to have my family fight litigation on top of mourning my death. This shit was stupid all the way around
OceanGate to heaven.
"such risks cannot be eliminated" claims company that glued two titanium plugs to garbage carbon fiber with less care than people who make resin casts. They just did it in the open air on their factory floor.
Who cares? People who can afford this type of activity, or private boats or planes. Their life is too good to be long.
Hey I want to hear your thoughts on the Karen read case in canton Mass
I thought the people who can afford a trip can also afford a lawyer to go over the waiver. They  might be scummy, but they did outright state that it's a heaping pile of junk, that death is more than likely, and that they have not receive a single certification
Imagine all the pressure the CEO is under.. They fired someone over a safety concern. That’s gotta be gross negligence.
Most Lawyers are super corrupt, they wait for things like this to happen ….. So they can get another Ferrari….. It’s all about these!!!! 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
The passengers where not seated or strapped down maybe the weight of them going down like a arrow  had something to do with of  out of  control
isnt this clear willful negligence though?
When you fire the only credible person ,go woke and hire a bunch of yesmen... You got Oceangate
The most interesting word in that waiver is ‘unavoidable’.  Of course it was avoidable.  Rush just refused to avoid it.
The Titan Turd ...... OceanGate THE RIDE OF DEATH ! At the meeting, Lochridge discovered why he had been denied access to the view port information from the Engineering department — the viewport at the forward of the submersible was only built to a certified pressure of 1,300 meters, 4,265.092 ft although OceanGate intended to take passengers down to depths of 4,000 meters,” 13,123.36 ft 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Richies: Scientists are nerds! We got this covered with our cash!
LMFAO ...That Segue lolol...Calls for speculation??
'Inherent risk'... Read up on the ALARP / SFARP principal. It's an excellent measure for determining if actions of risk holders were reasonable in situations like this that allows for subjectivity. Deep water submersible diving now has a long history of safety. That safety is due to testing, materials, maintenance, systems and standards. The risk stated by oceangate wasn't really an inherent risk due to the activity, it was a euphemism for the risk due to a largely untested and uncertified design that was pursued for commercial reasons by people who definitely knew that the vessel could not be provided with a conventional safety case and knew that the device was not certifiable, which would effectively deliver the inherent risk. You also can't waive an ALARP system in the context of a commercial operation, to maintain risk at an ALARP level is the sole responsibility of the risk holder. By definition, to require a waiver in the language used by oceangate is an admission that risk is not ALARP. IMO the ALARP principle was massively violated. That line was so far behind them that they couldn't see it. That is surely grossly neglect.😢
I think they forgot to add leading to death due to crushing blow due to extreme pressure under the water. That should have been the first thing. Being that if that happens there is no hope left, or if they get lost, there is no one coming to get you. Maybe that would have made people think twice about going on it. Such a sad and yet so avoidable situation. Fascinating stuff as usual.
It technically happened at the site of the Titanic a British graveyard. So could the UK provide legal services. Turkey has a enclave in Syria under their control, it's a grave of so great Turk dickhe@d but technically it's Turk land.
If the company misled any of the passengers that release of liability could be void.
Watergate pt2
they knew exactly what they were getting in to and just how dangerous it was
It's disgusting that people operate like this. No sympathy at all for Stockton Rush. The rest of the people on there must have either been idiots or mislead and ignorant. There are so many glaring red flags. It's like buying an unregistered car with no MOT from a dealer pretending to be a private seller but he assures you "it's a sound car bro trust me".
That submersible blowed
you have to admit, that janky subermaine and those death WILL accelerate the technology becauyse cmon he mad a janky sub that almost went 1.6 mils under the sea.  Those deaths, especially of the rich, Are very acceptable to me.
i thought the waivers were there for a reason
Decent pronunciation of Newfoundland. Good on you!
I mean, "who could have seen this coming" is about as helpful as "who could have seen someone dying from being shot in the head coming"
In re title: I think the proper legal term is "TURBO SUED"
The red tinted water in the thumbnail is a little tasteless.
This sub is what brick phones in the 80s were to modern day iPhones.
Yeah, there is such a mess of if it operated, advertised or coordinated transport in other countries that could be such a mess.
The sub was doomed from the start.
*Logitech Controller
This episode reminds me of Jurassic Park... except that it's real. David Lochridge, a one time chief engineer of OceanGate, noticed major structural design flaws and blew the whistle. He got sued for supposedly divulging confidential information. Both parties settled but the fact that OceanGate did not allow third party testing and examinations left a stain on its reputation. This is what happens when you spare lots of vital expenses.
the only silver lining to this is that the catastrophe also killed Stockton Rush
Well, they did promise an authentic Titanic experience, and kept that promise…
7:08 Shouldn't that have been, "...if the dive had *gone* ahead"?
A key question is going to be whether OceanGate is going to be worth suing - if its assets are insufficient to satisfy the judgment then unless the claimants can cobble together a personal liability case against the company's directors (not easy under common law) it is unlikely to be a  cost-effective claim, especially once legal costs are taken into account.
Sir, i must say that i was not pleased  with your comments. That the five people on Ocean Gate and the CEO. Have joined the exclusive club because they were so, Fascinated with, TITANIC. Rest in peace too all. ❤😢❤
I'd look and see if there were any potential business moves in the area that Nargeolet was impeding. Most likely nothing, but tis a shady world anymore.
Excellent video. What a shame that no one listened to those who knew. Those who questioned things were threatened with  a lawsuit.  Whistle Blower Act should have protected them.
The fact that people made multiple trips is just proof wealth is not an indicator of intelligence.
Did Stockton Rush go to school with Elisabeth Holmes?
If anything this goes to show that girls should take more initiative if they are interested in a guy, no subtle gestures in an attempt to make him move first, IMO that would foreshadow poor communication in the relationship anyway, a lot of guys are really oblivious and need someone straightforward.
What is a reason to sue a company that is likely going bankrupt and not have any money to pay?
maybe it was always this way, but I've been noticing how creator links to the in-video ads are increasingly more inappropriate and in bad taste, "one thing is for certain, stockton rush really should've brushed up on his math & science skills with Brilliant."  Seriously, man!? Isn't that what he essentially is being criticized for - a brilliant certificate where he needed  like nice different licenses and certifications 😔
He should have gone alone if he believe that it was safe ….than if he came back at least   It would have shown that it was ok ..
What elon is doing could be unsafe wreckless wanting to go in space acidentlly taking off your helmet and sueing for oxygen death...
Wreckless would be him saying yes this was hit by lightning but were still selling tickets and touring
Dead people cant sue. 🤷🏾‍♂️ And dead people cant be sued.
sounds like they had more legal redundancies than safety redundancies...
Seems to me like Rush had no conscience whatsoever.
Anyone with common sense would see all the red flags and not even entertain the thought of going down in something with such low Tech and with all the apparent risk involved. People do take extreme risks, like The magician that had himself buried in a coffin with concrete on top, he died and no one was responsible, but many hands were involved. With Ocean Gate it's basically the same thing, But with all signing a waiver. If you can be sued for this, what's the sense in having a waiver they are useless. I'm sure the deceased wouldn't approve of lawsuits in this situation.
Basically, this comes down to who has a better lawyer and possibly luck of the draw on the judge. The people killed on board were very wealthy. Their families will most likely bring legal action.
Flippant disregard for existing safety standards most certainly would go under the heading "gross negligence".
Waivers don't mean anything when safety has been utterly neglected by the maintenance crews, as per that idiot CEOs video.
great job you do with these videos! Does your firm has an office in UK or it accepts cases based in UK jurisdiction?
Jeez. Imagine the pressure that CEO faced 😬
WoW... The man who did this is Dead. Who do they want to sue actualy? People who couldnet do anything.? Or people who actualy told him he shouldnt do that? Americans are just stunning sometimes.. Do you even have a actual Brain?
The worst part is that Rush ironically died from his own negligence, never having seen how wrong he was. I wonder what he would say had he not been on that sub....
Ha! That segue to the Brilliant advertisement was genius! Science and learning greatly improves the quality of ones life... or in this case length.
I'm sure the CEO wouldn't have went on if he thought it was dangerous
I said in the comments section of a video regarding this event that I’m expecting a lawsuit to be filed. Thank God that comment aged like fine wine.
Being from a family full of lawyers and a history of attorney generals, I love your videos providing insight for people who would not otherwise know this stuff.
I think LegalEagle is getting recommened so much more because of the illuminaughti drama lmao
if nothing happens from this I think it is safe to say with absolute certainty justice is dead
He fell prey to inverse Enterprise Bias; when you deride complexity because you don't understand the history of it or why the amount of complexity is still there. In this case, seeing Alvin as an overengineering expenditure and not a High-Redundancy Submersible  designed for safety and longevity.
Collaboration with other minds, accumulating a vast model not possible by a single thinker, is what makes great teams in professional fields. When the focus is on rejecting others' feedback for the sake of continuing a single mental model of something is realllllly risky.  It seems a lot of "visionaries" think visionaries like Jobs did it alone, willing the whole thing. Jobs' approach was by tapping into the best, by (now well known) controversial force. Jobs still was tapping into other great thinkers and assembling them.  Good leaders have to lose sight of the constraints of their original vision so that the effort can become what it needs to be; through other minds sharpening each other.
I think them seeing the windows start to crackle and getting warnings is like the worst part, I know if I was down there I wouldnt of wanted to see it coming at all, that would be such a terrifying couple or seconds or minutes or however long they knew something was very wrong before it all blew up.
Under pressure
One thing I'm curious about is, is carbon fiber better in tension than Titanium is in compression. I got an Idea brewing here.
How though don't the people have to sign a waiver before bording it. So i'm sorry but the people that are suing them are just greedy because they're already rich.
As a avid diy guy, the problem is not the game controller usage , it's the choice of material and the shoddy craftsmanship. With proper materials like the right alloy of Steel would have made it much safer since it would have withstand many much more compression and decompression due to the properties of steel. Steel can also be welded to steel, the hull of the titan was glued to the titanium caps.
“And that’s just the tip of the ice iceberg.”   I see what you did there… 😉
"who knew how right he was going to be?"  Pretty much everyone who knew about it
How have I never noticed that this dude looks like a good looking Jim from The Office. like a Jim with a +10 in charisma.
Daaaayuum! This lawyer looks HANDSOME!!!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
The owner bragging about how  crappy was his submarine makes me lose faith in human intelligence.....
OceanGate was gonna be your FAST ticket to the pearly gates!  ⚰️
Great video! Only issue I have is the graph/diagram showing the window rating depth - you should always start your Y axis at 0.
Clicked because I thought you were John Krazinski
With this level of negligence, good luck defending this boondoggle. These morons are trying to hide behind foreign judges, and I hope they are held completely accountable.
Repeated negligence is fairly obvious in hindsight. This will probably end badly for OceanGate. I hope they go bankrupt and don't follow up on their insane plan to send 1,000 people to Venus.
There are no victims. They were idiots that killed themselves.
Yeah, I kinda saw this coming.  Those waivers weren't worth the paper they're printed on. Just a little surprised it took this long.
I always wonder how the eagle team get their hands on these documents to quote out of.
Stockton Rush is the epitome of “Confidence does not me competence”
Honestly if the owner didn't die it would be an easy win for the victims.  I think it's 50/50 without him because now everything he said is hearsay.
Careless people exist. Good thing these ones only hurt themselves.
Its baffling to me that anyone would sign that waver after reading it and knowing about the construction of that submersible. It just all sounds like asking to die.
How high will it go will it go past Alex jones
How ironic is it that they called themselves Oceangate and ended up in legal trouble.
OceanGate would be in a lot more trouble if Stockton Rush hadn’t been on board. Edit: but I wonder if he had a death wish rather then him showing that he’s “not asking others to do what he won’t do himself”. Everyone takes the same risk but that’s not true if Stockton Rush was lying about why he kept going down
Man, I am just mad that he died so quick that he didn't have time to process how much of an absolute moron he was. As a fellow Engineer who was born and raised in Washington State. This guy is an absolute disgrace to this state and the art of engineering. I hope Ocean Gate gets used as a mop by the courts. I feel so bad for the four other people and their families. Money wont fix grief. But, watching a company crumble in shame is the next best option imo.
define negligence: "the speed limit is 70 bit im going 90 full knowingly. i havent killed any body yet and havet gotten any tickets so it should be fine right?" this is oceangate 100% knowingly doing wrong and then something actually bad happens. omg
Other passengers notice the issues with the sub. You quoted some who said that communications failed during a test dive. Seems to me the passengers and company were both negligent and the company should be shut down and have no payout for the estates. If other passengers could visually see that the sub had issues and still got in sound to me the excepted the dangers.
Limited liability clause? Really? Get me on that jury
We have drones that go down there and take pictures remotely - why go in person?
If in fact, the front portal was not certified for the depth that they dove too. Then that is gross negligence in my opinion. And should avoid the waivers.
the laws of nature and physics apply whether or not you believe them
Billionaire goes to the bottom of the ocean.   Realizes he can't buy water pressure.
The name ocean gate seems odd by this I mean the gate part
Not so fun fact: one of the people who went on the sub actually didnt want to go but was pushed by his father as it was a one in a lifetime opportunity. Ouch
4 people were willing to take the risks. The son did it out of pure pressure from his father.
Man these videos are so awesome. They help fall asleep faster
It's at best an "oversight" and that's clearly being extremely soft on the company. They knowingly didn't test and ignored and let-go engineers who dissented and other industry professionals who complaned that the vessel was unsafe and potentially very likely to fail. Cases like this show the problems in a glaring light with shoddy operation and engineering of craft at extreme depths and circumstances and what happens when you play fast and loose enough times. Things like this are exactly why these legal loopholes need to be tightened up a lot more than they are currently.
Im curious, if there is documentation that the submersible operated within the coastal waters of the USA, would that constitute furthet fraud and violate any of the red tape in which the families must navigate to receive compensation? The final part of the video lists a document saying its registeted to a bahamian and will not be operating in USA costal waters, in order to avoid scrutiny of the vessel....but if there is proof of the subnersible operating, with paying customers, in those waters, is there some lying to the govt suit that could be brought and would invalidate their paperwork and basically prove the company was operating in bad faith and with zero concern for the lives of their clients because they filed fraudulent paperwork in order to avoid scrutiny, which might have potentially saved the lives lost?  But hey, the other cofounder wants to colonize venus, i guess, by 2050 or something? Because if you cant build sonething that can take the depths of earths oceans, dont worry, venus will be much easier....maybe hes workinh towards some kind of insanity or incompetence filing. .
As well they should.
PADI = put another dollar in
“Immediately died upon entering the water” just like Sonic The Hedgehog 😔
So, any vehicle that starts with "Titan" seems to sink...
KARMA IS DOING A GREAT JOB SHE SHOULD TAKE A DAY OFF.......
EVERYONE SAW THIS FOR WHAT IT WAS RICH ................'S WITH MORE MONEY THAN SENSE THEY GOT WHAT THEY DESERVED IT'S A SHAME THEY WENT PEACEFULLY REALLY BUT WHEN THEY SAW IT IN PERSON THEY SHOULD OF REALISED IT WAS A STUPID IDEA I NO EVERYONE FILLS SORRY FOR THEM I DO NOT THEY DIDN'T VALUE THERE LIVES OBVIOUSLY SO WHY SHOULD WE A LOT OF RICH WIDOWS RIGHT NOW THEY SHOULD HAVE TO PAY FOR ALL THE MONEY WASTED ON SEARCH AND RESCUE THE WHOLE TIME I WAS HOPING IT WAS TOO LATE I WAS RIGHT THE NEWS CHANNELS GUESSING HOW MUCH AIR WAS LEFT GUESSING THERE STILL ALIVE WHEN I FOUND OUT THEY DIED IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFE PLUS WHO ARE THEY SUING HE'S DEAD THE OTHER GUY LEFT THE COMPANY 10 YEARS AGO CAN YOU SUE GHOSTS THERE SOULS NOW WALK WITH THE TITANIC THE NAME OF THE THING SHOULD OF BEEN A HINT IT WOULDN'T GO WELL......... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🎊🎊🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😵😵😵😵😵😵⚰⚰⚰⚰⚰⚰🪦🪦🪦🪦🪦🪦👻👻👻👻🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆
I wonder why Legal Eagle dude talks so fast. Much of the time, it's almost like his mouth muscles can't keep up with the speed and you can hear and almost garble coming about with every other syllable- like the desperate plea of his mouth muscles to stop torturing them by his brain  No seriously, is it due to time constraints or is this dude on some good quality Columbian powder either black or white?
Can someone explain how the OceanGate sub got a permission to dive to the wreckage in the first place? I always assumed these types of ship wrecks etc are like suuuuper protected so they dont get messed up, so why the hell would a wannabe sub builder be allowed to commercialize this insanity?
I run the risk of crashing every time i drive my car. That doesnt mean that i dont have to follow safety procedures like making sure my breaks work before getting on the road
great stuff!
Yea i can't. Still not ready to watch this. I cant ever not think of that poor father and son. I hope this company gets ruined and laws changed forever.
Look, I know I’m not an engineer, I’m not a mathematician, I’m not a diver, explorer, I’m not a lawyer…. But I DO KNOW there is no way in H3ll I would have gotten on this submersible.
Funny that with all the concerns people had this man was still allowed to take people underwater in this, obviously flawed submarine.
So I have a question for you. My insurance company denied a claim because the referral paperwork for a medical procedure wasn't sent to then before hand by the doctors office or Hospital. The procedure was on 3-11-22 and they have yet to be able to send me any copies or information on what was done (lost my medical records). They stated that they had a system update and that the would have the updated files later that week. They said this every time I called for months, I have also been sent to collections over this bill and harassed on a daily basis for over 12 months now. Do I have the legal grounds to Sue the hospital for malpractice and negligence for losing my Medical records?
Eating a banana right now, and it's like, sooo good
last time i checked you're an american lawyer not a Canadian one.
Who could've predicted that a compony with "gate" at the end of it's name is involved in a scandal.
Adding five people to the 1,496 people who lost their lives on the Titanic.
People need to stay away from narcissist, they will get you killed.
It's extremely ironic that a vessel that was built to view a vessel that sank because of poor design also sank because of poor design.
Another narcissist got educated by mother nature.
What assets are they after..
The ceo should’ve gone by himself first, that’s the on,y way I would’ve gotten on that submarine was if someone went successfully before me
Nobody wants an 'unsinkable' sub, though. Just saying...
Funny how these rich people play stupid games and we had to foot the recovery bill.
OMG. Flawless transition at the end. Rush SHOULD have brushed up on his math and science skills... touché
4:22 lol
Im not gunna lie if you look at something called a "death waiver" its on you if you dont research to see the risk
oceangate? More like.... ocean...gate....
I wish that Stockton Rush would've lived so he could face the consequences of his actions.
My thing is that why file a lawsuit? The man ignored EVERY SINGLE red flag. It’s not like they were lied to or deceived.
I only Wonder if Stockton Rush had a Moment of Clarity, hearing those Popping Noises??? Over 50 White Guys think about those things, especially before going down in a SuperGlued Submersible 🤨
As somebody who neither intends to disrupt submarining, nor ever to go underwater in someone's innovation, nor to ever sign a waiver this comprehensive, and who had no relatives on the submersible, this is none of my business
this is why we need to have higher taxes to keep rich people from hurting themselves because sometimes they have more money than they do sense
For those who wonder what happens at that dept. It does not get crushed. In stead the water rushes in and fills the vessel at about the speed of sound. My guess is that the power from water was enough if not kill them instantly, (which it probably did) at least knock them out. My point is no one suffered. Hope the ones whose stupid idea this is sued to hell and back
People still not believing the rich starting to sacrifice their own so the richer can keep hiding their assets...check who those wealthy "passengers" were linked to
Good.
At least the CEO is dead. Celebrate the small wins
😂😂😂
stuff more billionaires in the tube of death next go round.
This makes me wonder how anyone in their right mind would agree to board this sub. Like obviously their are better subs and these people have money to burn. Why not be safe?
How are you going to sue someone who is dead?
I don’t care about Waivers, is someone died because of a companies negligence, they pay.
Good. Ppl need to be jailed
As an engineer, those safety systems are akin to a heart rate monitor that warns you once you have gone into cardiac arrest. Totally useless and not technically deserving of the title "safety system".
4:23 Tip of the iceberg I see what you did there
LOL. OceanGATE. + Scandal.  This stuff writes itself
Stockton Rush: NOOO SaFteY HOldS BaCk INnOVatIoN!!!!!!!  That one guy in charge of Ocean Gate after Rush dies in Titan:…..
I’d still be on the fence if the sub was built and guaranteed by the military that the sub could survive
Eagle gate getting sued bigger time Dan my ever durdddd 😅
Well, at least Stockton Rush isn’t alive to see himself get sued
Man, all of Rush’s comments aged like milk.
When you sign up to ride a submersible built someone with strong Jackass Cast Energy.
Oceangate is screwed.. submarine dont just implode.. this is one of the worlds most professional communities.. they are negligent AF
Agreed, i knew they were screwed with liability because of all the warnings brought forward to them and they still pursued the dives with it..
They can waste their time. They produce nothing but are vultures.
I got gross negligence. Beliefs isnt a warranty 😊
Is the video 2x speed or am i just high?
Uh the controller wasn't hard wired?!?
I’m not very superstitious, but the submarine being literally struck by lightning should’ve enough of a sign not to get in that thing
The difference between Titanic and Titan is that WSL commissioned, Thomas Andrews designed, and Harland & Wolff built the *safest* ship they could design at the time. They never claimed it totally unsinkable, they only said it was "about as unsinkable as we can make it with the current technologies". The fact it took over two hours to sink, and the sturdiness of her sister Olympic (the Old Reliable), is a testament to the quality of its design, not the contrary. For Titan, that cretin ignored safety regulations, fudged numbers, cut corners and essentially lied to everyone. This isn't just negligence, it's malicious deceit for profit
Is that totallynotmark?
They need getting sued and made an example of so that nobody in future tries to scam money out of the public by such crooked means.
Not even halfway through the video and the more I hear about it, the more it sounds like something the Professor and Gilligan slapped together to try to get off of the island. We using zip ties to reattach integral components of the submersible mid-dive?😮😟🤨
Willful negligence would slash that liability waver to ribbons. Especially since that whole "this thing needs to be certified" and being shown the door BS.
LegalEagle: "Who could've ever foreseen something bad happening to the Titan sub?" Me: EVERYBODY ON EARTH WHO KNOWS THE TINIEST BIT ABOUT PHYSICS. What I heard was: "It was horribly built. He was told not to take it down. He took it down anyway."   The only question was when and in what exact way they were gonna die. Living was NEVER on the table.
splattergate
More billionaires should try to get to the bottom of the ocean. With their unfathomable genius, I'm sure they can figure out an even cheaper way than Oceangate.
This is so interesting
trim your beard
If there were people sued and fired over safety concerns then that alone would be grounds for negligence, no? I mean, it was sure talked about in a very negative light during the Elisabeth Holmes trial and most people there were just threatened. Ofc that's not all that happened, but I think every piece I've read or watched has mentioned it as an important piece of evidence. Should work the same way imo.
Do you guys think John is going to be sentenced to death?😉
Isn't the knowledge of the previous failures and the extent that those failures increased the risk of death considered gross negligence? He warned the passengers but they also were then directly told opposing confidences boasted things right from his mouth.
Who cares, they're out of business and likely have few assets and certainly no insurance.  The passengers were billionaires anyway.
One of them was an experienced deep diver, which makes me very "strange".
Honestly, that Titan waiver doesn't look much different from the one I sign every year to go skiing.
They cant sue if they sign the waiver
I think I would have Noped! right out after reading the company was registered in The Bahamas and some other minor stuff.
20:23 the Titanic is completely different imo. Yes it had design flaws but at the same time the captain crashed it into an iceberg… Therefore I don’t think you can blame short cuts in its design for the reason it sank  In the case of this submarine the design flaws are what caused the deaths of its occupants and not the error of the pilot/captain.
They have no case. Oceangate put ALL their cards on the table (Edit) To the moron saying " he found a loophole"..Its not a "loophole" Sir! Its The Law!
Only in America can you sue someone who has got a waiver or contract signed. If I had a loved one who died, I would accept that no amount of money will bring them back
anything related to legality gets complicated
Everyone who reading the bits of information given about the sun before they let it loose.  “That’s going to end badly”
Im a dangerous revolutionary, no one likes me because im so amazing. I will always be remembered for my choices. Yep. As a WARNING. A cautionary tale that further legitamizes the people he looked down on.
Is come out that Thay were going down to fast if so Thay will be and should be sued.
Except he got the carbon fiber on a discount because he used expired material which blows my mind as much as the controller in regards to how ridiculous this is.
The diving story sort of reminds me of a sky-diving story, except it turned out the sky-diving place was very shoddy.
M: your sub is unsafe R: I am personally insulted. This guy is definitely a team-player....
I love how people think, "this is non-regulatory (and I mean I skimped over every safety protocol, but I'm not going to say that out loud) so if you die it's gg" is an acceptable liability form. That's sounds like if a place had a bungy cord made out of a bunch of those stretchy sticky hand things intertwined, told no one, and just said , "chances of cords snapping isn't 0, continue at own risk." The people aren't going to assume you used unsafe material for the activity, they're most likely going to think it's just bungy jumping statistics.  Also, on him saying they're safer than helicopters, there was a text exchange between him and Jay Bloom (a billionaire and his son who were invited to go on, but they declined) where he said, ""There hasn't been even an injury in 35 years in a non-military subs"" Non-military doesn't mean they skimped over safety protocols lol....
Stockton was the quintessential narcissist he held all the traits extrapolating from all the reports on this guy.  What boggles my mind is the passengers especially the billionaire clearly he was Intelligent enough to become so wealthy - you’d think he’d have sought console or even do a simple search of the company to find there were questions regarding the safety of the Titan.  These papers were public domain well before all of this transpired.
In studying big construction accidents at my former job, I learned that in most cases there's almost always big red flags that led up to them. Over confidence/arrogance, shortcuts taken,  over budget, behind schedule, ignored warnings,  negligence.  Unfortunately it often takes a wake up call catastrophic accident to  change things.  Good video.
OceanGate should get sued for a lot of stuff, and pay for the search that went on for days after the implosion.
F--k me. 200 000€ do descend into a literal undersea grave in a creakin' metal coffin.  Buyers...
18:50 Darn regulations, meddling in my plans to endanger my passengers.
I have no qualms abt the oceangate company being absolutely obliterated. I have tried, and it’s just. REaaaalllly hard to feel sorry for anyone in that deathtrap except for the 19 year old who was guilted into going
Fantastic video watch
I posted that they were going to get sued minutes after the vessel was lost... people laughed thinking signing a waiver stops a law suit.  I find it hilarious how stupid people are...
Lobbying the NYSB so I can CLE for this
19:25 - "White Star Line which bragged that it was virtually unsinkable."  THAT IS NOT TRUE!!! White Star line NEVER CLAIMED Titanic was unsinkable!!! Maybe you should do proper research instead of BLINDLY accepting the generally accepted claim that it was unsinkable. In FACT it was 1912 REPORTERS who claimed Titanic was unsinkable all for a better story! And since it made a terrific headline, reporters ran with it after the sinking. Since then the general public has blindly accepted the FASLE NEWS of the time. I find it pretty irresponsible for you as a lawyer to repeat a falsehood without checking it out its validity! SHAME ON YOU!!!!  This is where I stop watching your video. Next time do your homework before going public.
Totally madness hehehe
Rush however, felt he was safe, since was on it too...
SUBMERSIBLE. Why do you keep saying "submersivle?"
Reading that waiver they had people sign … it’s kind of on them to ignore all that shit 😂
Best transition to an ad ever
Stockton did nothing but listen to yesmen, drowning out everyone that told him off fortrying this crazy plan, and not onlypaid the ultimate price, but unfortunately dragged people wirh him, including a young man. His crimes may be paid for him, but that company is still in a lot of heat for not stopping him from going any futher. The company is also negligable for not stopping him before things went the way they did. We can only hope that this puts into people’s heads that willful ignorance has dangerous consequences. Unfortunately, time is a looping process to an uneducated mind.
Just curious is there any way to hire legal eagle if we ever need legal aid? Not saying im in need of legal aid just wondering theoretically could you hire legal eagle if u need representation lol
There’s still alive I saw him at the Chase Bank the other day, depositing a large check
Why did these people not use a proper sub like something like James Cameron uses. They were billionaires so why cheap out?
Titanic 2  Rich People 0
He went out of his way to ensure the sub would leave from a foreign port and do other things in open waters so he could avoid having to deal with the Coast Guard and U.S. Laws.
Everyone who allowed the Titan to go into the waters deserves to lose any lawsuits, and I hope they do. Inexcusable, on all accounts.
I'll be shaking my head over this forever. Has rigged up as this thing? Was it still amazes me how many people signed up to go ride that stupid thing?
Those people were all kinda stupid anyway, I don't see why someone should get sued just cause they dead now.
Has anyone seen the sub that James Cameron uses? why didnt stockton rush use them submersibles? they look far more robust than rushes Tin Can.
Awesome video. Well done and thanks. Very impressive.
I'm honestly kind of in the viewpoint that OceanGate, the company, isn't liable. The liable one was Stockton Rush, and he paid the price for his idiocy. Someone like him is so egotistical and stubborn that nobody else in the company could've changed his mind and would probably have been fired if they tried.  That said, it would certainly be the right thing to do for OceanGate to compensate the families of the victims. Legally I wouldn't believe they could be compelled to, but morally they certainly should IMO.
Nice
The experience of being crunched in that small capsule must had been horrifying. Brief but horrifying.
6:54 bro got controller drift
I'm not a submarine engineer...When I first heard of this DIY woke submersible... Fist thought "This tube is going to "GO" pop"
Where is the money?  Sound like they have few assets.  Where are the deep pockets?
On a related note, was anybody who was responsible for the piss-poor White Star line settlement ever viciously assaulted? It feels like somebody should have kicked somebody in the face here.
Many ski resort waivers include cases of gross negligence. Wonder if they actually hold up in which states? This guy's hubris is staggering.
Exposure to death is almost always deadly ☠️
Not sure how this would work or if this is a thing. But there should be a show where they do mock court on old cases like the Titanic. It might be boring but I'm sure some tv editing could make it fun.   Kinda like a "tasting history" of law. A discussion of old laws and arguing them in modern days with historic methods.
Very good
This Stockton Rush certainly lived up his name.
So Ocean Gate knew there submersible wasn’t up to scratch and it was just a matter of time when it disastrously failed; not if. They circumvented the law with a waiver ….. a waiver. Right. I hope the families completely and utterly tear Ocean Gate to pieces in the courts, what was essentially a giant Pringles tubes with fans being driven by the controller of a game’s console was the basis for the overall design of the sub.
This the guy they based Harvey Specter from Suits on?
i kept laughing at this dudes hair. i wonder how many hours a day this ambulance chaser spends on that hair of his. lmao
so you are telling me... the families from the titanic weren't helped from the death of their love ones?! what a sack of injustice!
Ignoring the engineers and going down there anyway is just natural selection. Don't disrespect mother nature, for nature can and will drown you like it did with the titanic.
...but at least the sharks were well fed! 🦈
its like saying water is wet
All I can think of is the old monty python sketch about the oil tanker.  "Well, the front fell off. That is hardly standard behavior."
They need criminal charges, like maybe manslaughter.
How does writing for the Simpsons qualify you to be part of designing a underwater vehicle
6:20 I have serious issues relying on websites that can't tell the difference between its and it's
fish food
If this isn't gross negligence I don't know what is. If the window is only rated for 1500m there is no way the sub will be safe at 4000 m. The thing about a high pressure situation is the hull will fail at the weakest point and once one part of the hull has failed every part of the hull is guaranteed to fail therefore every part of the sub needs to be rated to as deep or deeper than the subs deepest dive.
That's why I never stand under my bridges when being crossed the first time.
Good. And find them too. Take all their money. Including the hidden investors. And let them be great full their not in prison. Put them in prison too.
Willful disregard of others' warnings and industry standards, intentional evasion of statute by classifying paying passengers as crew and limiting vessel capacity, and offering the service with the implication that the vessel was built with sound engineering judgment- sounds doubtful the waiver will hold up, because it definitely shouldn't. But Rush has paid his debt in full, so aside from squabbling over OceanGate's assets the best we can hope for are refinements to the law to make this sort of evasion more difficult.
Am I the only one who keeps hearing him say "submerciful" instead of "submersible"?
Wait, the Titan was damaged by a lightning strike beforehand? Bruh, even Zeus was trying to warn him! 🤣
So are the Skipper and Gilligan liable for the disastrous results of their three-hour tour? The Minnow might have contained pretty much all the clothing, books, and other assorted items that anyone on the planet might need, but they didn't have forty-nine passengers, that much I know.
WHO HAS JURISIDICTION! 😲
My dude, WHERE did you get that tie? I need one.
NOT REGISTERED ANYWHERE
Turns out NOT REGISTERED IN BAHAMAS. NOT REGISTERED ANYWHERE.
Whenever there is tragedy and loss of life, someone will try to get rich from it. They signed the waiver, case closed
Aside from the teen, it appears that all invovled had more money than sense.
Everyone. Everyone saw problems with it.
Lol. Why sue when they were aware of the consequences? Americans need to get a life
I would like to see the term 'Libertarian Micro-second' enter the lexicon for how quickly billionaires can die in a safety regulation-free submersible.
Okay i love your DETAIL and research. Im subscribing.
23:50 good godlessness the whole way its set up sounds like they KNEW it was dodgy by setting up fall backs in specific places to bypass laws.
21:34 WOA! thats awesome! I wonder how big the public outcry was for that specific law to get enacted.
4:44 the cracking is 100% the carbon fiber being compressed and failing. Since carbon fiber can compress and expand that fatigues most materials.
3:00 i mean the owner was pretty much that.
Have I ever seen more red flags?
The $250,000 dollar ticket was for a one-way voyage only.
@legaleagle did you know that your eagle’s call is not, in fact, the call of a bald eagle? Pretty sure it is a hawk. Bald eagles sound really silly and kinda wimpy.
You had to know that at some point after the implosion, there would be a lawsuit, due to the incredible assets of the passengers who were killed.
In the face of such a tragic incident, it's unsettling to see how Ocean Gate's contract seems to hold more water than their submarine did. As the legal team navigates these rough waters, they've managed to stay afloat, buoyed by their meticulously drafted agreements. You could say their legal strategy was designed to weather any storm, a contract as unshakeable as the ocean floor and as unsinkable as the sturdiest of ships.  In fact, they've gone to great depths to make sure their liability doesn't spring a leak, as solid as a seawall, with no room for loopholes to make waves. And even now, up the creek without a paddle as they might seem, their legal defense remains shipshape. Their contract, acting like a steadfast anchor, might be all that's keeping them from getting swamped by a tsunami of lawsuits.  The contract, seemingly dry as a bone, is designed to keep the company from drowning under legal scrutiny, acting as a lifeboat in troubled waters. Despite their submarine succumbing to the pressure, their legal defenses, anchored by this contract, stand tall like a lighthouse, holding back the tide of potential lawsuits. Even as they're submerged in this sea of controversy, they're determined to go with the flow, hoping their contract will help them float on the surface.   But while they might be able to weather the legal storm, it's clear that the real-life tragedy has left an indelible mark, a reminder of the real stakes when venturing into the ocean's depths. In the end, it's a sobering lesson about the risks of diving too deep, too fast, and relying on a contract to serve as a life raft in a sea of potential legal trouble.
"The law is new and has yet to be tested in court". Yikes, are laws supposed to be... well law?
I object to the idea that they had a distinct lack of care for the safety of others since the CEO went down and died in it to so he clearly thought it was sea worthy
Haha i got an ad for brilliant on this vid and it's sponsored by brilliant
His name is Brian lol (Real engineering)
Day 3 asking you to review extrodanary attorneywoo
BRO HOW DOES A COPANY GET SUED IF THE OWNER DIED??
this is an interesting idea for a video and i havent finished it yet but it was probably very informative. the only issue i have is your voice. its really annoying. please use a voice changer.
Interesting legal analysis.  I didn't realize the hull was carbon fiber.  I am not a materials guy but I am an engineer and diver and that's enough for me to say "no way".  I don't find the use of the off the shelf Play Station controller to be a problem in itself but relying on Bluetooth connectivity seems dodgy and I would want several layers of redundancy on the buoyancy and propulsion systems.  It does seem that OG was cavalier at best and reckless at worst with the design and operation here.
I love that in this case the rich guy literally though he could outsmart the laws of physics with cheap ass design and materials. Anyone with the most basic science knowlege would rather drink bleach than go into that sub for free, let alone pay for it
Is there no salvatory clause in that thing or am I just not seeing it?
17:45 Saying “I met or exceed such-and-such certification” without actually having that certification feels very fraud-adjacent 😮
16:49 error in the captions there: “whole” instead of “hull”
OMG are you John Krasinski's brother?
Haha, of course it was a "tip of the iceberg" that sank the Titanic.
This guy was a real world Mr Crabs
So much time spent building an iron-clad waiver and so little time spent doing research and consulting engineers to ensure his sub would be safe... absolute insanity.
Would my family be able to sue? We were going to see a football game, so we parked at a Dairy Queen. From what we could see there were no signs saying we couldn't park there. When we got back our car was towed, we got an uber and paid to get it back. A couple months later we figured out that the land we parked at was owned by a different company, that would let people park for free. They shouldn't have been able to tow our car or anyone else's.  So, if we wanted to would we be able to sue?
the fact carbon fiber was being touted as one of the protective layers of the submersible is a bad sign. there's a reason carbon fiber (stronger and massively lighter than most every metal) isn't used for all parts of a race car. if it's exposed to certain patterns of stress it can explosively fail. look up when they tried using carbon fiber for racing motorcycle wheels.
Normally, when oligarchs use their power to deregulate and skim safety measures, it's the poor that suffer. How sweet it was to see it happen to them for a change.
I think the waivers won't hold up because something that is expected to "hold up", even if experimental and risky, is not the same as "never built to be able to hold up in the first place". They will win but they won't win much, since all that's left is a non-working business and whatever insurance there was. If Rush hadn't died along with his victims, it might be a different story.
Very good morning
Conspiracy theory. These people maybe wanted to unalive themselves this way. Some were rich enough to hire experts to build their own personal sub….
How much will they collect from a bankrupt company that was broke before their sub with their CEO imploded? What kind of lawyer would take on a case of trying to get blood from a stone?
he really compare himself (OceanGate) with Ellon (SpaceX)
This wasn't mentioned in this video so it's kinda irrelevant, but one of the things that bothers me is:  Based on various tidbits mentioned briefly in the several articles I've read, there was a banging sound every 30 minutes or so that they heard on sonar after they lost communications with the sub. And one of the passenge-- sorry, dOnAtInG mIsSiOn SpEcIaLiSts, was a French diving expert. And apparently the method to be picked up on sonar is to make a repetitive noise every 30 minutes so it's not cut out as background noise?  Obviously I haven't double-checked the above info, it's just what I remember that stood out to me as small details pieced together across stories. But it bothers me that the passengers might have been drifting aimlessly trying to be rescued between the time of losing communications and implosion. It's a comfort that the implosion was instantaneous so that the victims weren't suffering, but there's a possibility that that's not true. And hearing that one of them was scared to go but went as a Father's Day present just sucks... I hope the family members sue and that it brings them some closure, because there were way too many red flags to just let this go.
OceanGate should definitely make a $1,250,000 donation to the Titanic Historical Society!
I’m here to hear Devin say “submersivle” over and over 😂❤
What's "Ocean Gate" and why are they being sued?
So they paid to commit suicide. That's crazy
Safer than crossing the street? 😂 Where's the waiver for that?
Imagine Rush's final moment thinking that if only he listen..
I only watch your content because of that “You Know Who” drama
The ONE positive thing about this incident was that Stockton Rush was on the submersible when it imploded (?). Alle the other negatives - including the 4 other people dying far outweighs this though. He seems like an arrogant annoying person who _thought_ he knew better than everyone else...and it turned out...he didn't. Unfortunately he took 4 innocent people with him when the folly of his overinflated ego-maniacal actions met the repercussions of deep water crushing.
I still don’t understand  why they didn’t do what miners used to do by taking a canary down into a mine. In this case they would only have to monitor the canary and if it spontaneously imploded they would have known there was a problem. If only they had used safety systems like this the perhaps they would not have turned into ragu
Why don't tobacco companies or other companies that put harmful substances in food that cause early death constantly get sued? Is it because they are personal choices? Similar to white water rafting?
“Sir, where are the controls?” “Oh shit brb”  *runs to gamestop*
Commercial Diver here. One of my coworkers dove alongside Linnea Mills during her last dive. There were efforts during the dive to help her, but she was too deep to safely reach during that portion of the dive. From what I heard, large portions of her air train and connectors were held together by duct tape, including the aforementioned drysuit inflator connection. Both parties here are at fault because the ultimate decision to take the dive *belongs to the Diver.* Thats how it works Commercially as well as recreationally. That said.... her rented equipment was very clearly incompatible and flawed.
Personally I fell the only person that should have the right to sue is the mother of the teenager that really didn’t want to go and if not to go as a father son bonding moment he would have never been on this death capsule in the first place. As for the rest, they let their ego’s and wealth get in the way which ironically is exactly what happens in the case of the Titanic and imho this was gods way of saying “this is what I think about your ego and greed”. Any person with half an ounce of humility would have said HELL NO, no fu*king way are you getting me in a sub made of carbon fiber.
Oceangate goes HeavensGate
Very nice
I don't see why there needs to be any legal action. Don't we already have a outcome where everyone's a winner?
There’s a severe combo here to consider: they could’ve skipped the certification if they had used tried on tried and true methods in their design. But with them choosing unconventional(stupid) new ideas, they should’ve certified to prove it could meet the challenge.
Wait, wait wait wait wait WAIT A MINUTE!... Rush was warned by his employee, and THEN he got a literal message from the heavens by being struck by lightning. Holy hell.
I can't believe people agreed to go on it omfg
"Carbon Fiber is better than titanium" AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH Yes, carbon fiber has some amazing properties and can be very sturdy whilst weighing very little, but there are obvious limitations to its stress resistance but more crucially how it handles stress, when compared to titanium. There is a reason why we still use steel for bridges and buildings and have not replaced it all by carbon fibre!
I guess you could say that they are going to get sued out of the water
well he won the darwin awards...to bad he made it as a living and involved people
Charging everybody that  died because the machine was controlled by an Xbox controller and was made from shit Home Depot, they wanna sue because of their dead loved ones were scammed? What? This is preposterous but I’m here to promote my company Bob’s AirGate where I made a rocket to take to unknown heights to see stuff you only see on the weather channel everyday and we here at Bob’s AirGate are pleased to note it will be controlled by a Sega Genesis controller because duh! And Lowe’s parts off the shelf and there is no contract because if you die so does Bob and loved ones schmove ones! And instead of charging $250,000 we are going for the low low price of $249,998 and monthly installments of $24.99 per month!
I thought thid was a nice clear legal explanation on Liability Waivers!  Thank you!
He was the Willy Wonka of the water.
That is the coldest transition to an ad I have ever witnessed.
The waiver won't save them from being sued by a separate maritime authority for example, the next problem will be international waters
OceanGate?   More like Chum Bucket😅
The sub was hit by lightning? Lmfao
If you ever encounter a person as arrogant as the CEO of Ocean Gate, stay out of their experimental sub!
The titanic wreak is far from the Bahamas jurisdiction
Carbon Fiber is also prone to water getting between layers and along fibers causing fatigue and de lamination issues...On a submarine...Composites also require specialized testing different than metals for inspection which uhm don't seem to have to been being done routinely...hmmm Also Carbon fiber composites have some interesting properties with regards to thermal expansion depending on the fiber orientation since Carbon fiber has negative alpha coefficient(can range between + and negative values) which would put complicated repeating stresses on junctions between materials cyclical stresses lead to fatigue... That thing was a comedy of bad design.
YEAH THEY KNEW IT
So let me get this right....God struck it by lightning and dude was still like "yeaaaah, you know, still going through with this". Reminds me of the things that happened to Trumps, like his wall getting destroyed by a monsoon and Mike Pence
it's ridiculous that they can sue.  The waiver says they built the damn sub out of spare parts and trash.  like if you're dumb enough to sign up its your own fault.
They signed the waiver?? Though? This has not be certified? They ignored that signed it. I think a court would throw this out!
Kinda wish the CEO was still alive to hear the chorus of “I told you so.” He paid for his arrogance. Just a shame he took others with him.
@5:25 LOL! yeah, Rush liked the plexiglass window because it was 7" thick and "when plexiglass fails  it starts to crackle, so you get a huge warning" yeah, like the warning is going to help whenit happens a mile and a half below the surface and you have only a couple of minutes to take the pressure off that's causing the failure, but you're 2 HOURS ascent from the surface, brilliant!
Do a video on the Melly trial!
The disclaimer will be invalidated in court in about 5 minutes, hopefully this will put the last nail in te oceangate coffin! Rush was well beyond careless and beyond reckless
It looks more like this guy was trying to fake his death.
Hard to suggest the agreement wasn't 'fair' given it was with someone that died beside them lol
Curiosity killed the cat, and soon OceanGate's bank accounts for their negligence.  What knowingly healthy person would sign up and pay for an unknowing crushing euthanasia?  I'm sure they EXPECTED to survive the trip.
😊recover what?  I doubt they made payroll most of the time!  There is nothing to recover.  This is a law school exercise, not reality.
I don't see how it can be considered gross negligence (where it has to be considered reckless or even deliberate) when he was willing to trust it with his own life.  Gross negligence seems to apply when you just don't care about what happens to people.  The fact he was willing to trust his own life to his theories tells you that he did actually believe he was ensuring everyone's safety.  They have zero right to sue.
This entire thing honestly sounds like a scam from Ed Edd and Eddy to get jawbreakers.
Some of the issue here too though is just how often you waive the danger of death. It's done so often it loses any meaning of warning. I have to sign a waiver that says I could die just to play paintball, even though the chances are insanely low. Most people waiving death don't truly believe there's any real chance of dying because of how often they're asked to for comparatively mundane activities.
The fact that so many people went on this tour who had money and were like "yeah that was weird and mega sketch" and then did it MULTIPLE times baffles me to no end.
I wish people would lay off being mean to ocean gate, especially right now as, like their CEO, they're under a lot of pressure.
Hah!  Dive Company: "We're filing for this liability exception." Congress?!: "NO!"
IMHO, Oceangate should go free here.  Sure, there's a lot of shit during the construction and whatnot, but damn, how STUPID can you be to set foot on a cigar box going 4'000 meters deep?  Imagine just this: They would lose all thrust. That cigar box would settle nicely to the bottom of the ocean, all are alive.  But NO ONE can get to them!!! And that is mere one possible issue.  The passengers should be sued, I am not kidding. They virtually signed a death contract, if they had used their lack of braincells for even a second.
A grossly incompetent captain and his deficient vessel went the way of another such person and vessel.Surprised?
this is mind boggling...what
Sketchy sub is sketchy
The same thing happened in the General Aviation industry.    People took acknowledged deadly risk to fly, and lost their lives.    So many lawsuits in 70s and 80, and now flying your own aircraft is prohibitively expensive.       The titan occupants understood the risk of death, they died, end of story.
From a common sense perspective, the moment they stepped inside this PVC pipe of doom, their lives were null and void.
Rush rushed his investment
illegalseagull here, that waiver will totally work.
In my opinion, this game controller was probably most reliable part of the ship. Well tested, produced in millions of pieces, resistant to brutal use by children. And they had a few on board to spare. It's failure is the last thing I would suspect.
Care to post a link in the doobly-doo or a pinned comment to the video to the engineering video you’ve included snippets of?
What is there to be sued the owner is death and this small company bankrupt . It is a nothing burger .
Those poor (rich) people basically signed their death sentence. and paid for it.
OceanGate being sued? No surprise when your shoddy construction and total lack of a program for surveillance of the integrity kill two biillionaires and their families now want justice. Plenty of evidence already for proof of gross negligence.
The game controller is pretty standard for many stuff. Xbox controllers are really good, amd are used for multiple purpose, even to pilot droids.
limitation acts are poorly designed laws. scrap them. they should consider removing flags of convenience too.
Never knew england was a country
To me, the only tragic thing is that Rush took four other people with him.
first it was the titanic then it was the titan and soon…    the tit
the more I hear about this, the more ridiculous it gets. How would anyone in their right mind set foot in that thing?
19:35 What a coincidence that the Titanic also carried the entiro opposition to the formation of the Federal Reserve. Funny how these things work, innit?
man if i make a company i just want to the agreement file to be ''if u die its not our fault lmao'' sign here might go bankrupt but this is oceangate2
I hope they sue what's left of this garbage company.
If they are using English common law they will likely be found guilty of gross negligence manslaughter. All the four elements are there:  1) A duty of care  2) A breach in that duty  3) Causes or significantly contributes to the death of the victim(s)  4) Departure from the the proper standard of care.  They won’t be able to use Lord Denning's 'get out' "That if a reasonable professional from that field would have taken the same course of action…" (non verbatim). All the professionals forewarned him he was an utter prick.   As OceanGate claimed a level of expertise those signing didn’t claim, they’d struggle to get the disclaimer past an English court. Much like a signing a release for a doctor to operate on you.
Here at 3,952,010 views.
Rush deserved his fate. His customers, while stupid (accomplished people are quite capable of due diligence, I'd not have boarded that obvious shitbox) were innocent and deserved a reasonably safe experience. Future silly tourists should consider that they are still behind windows, no different from a video screen, and as such do NOT INTERACT with the wreck.
0:52 DUDE im not even one minute in and shots are being fired against the people who are now 6 feet.. sorry.. 12.500 feet underground. Calm down LeageEagle they are still in mourning you dont have to be this brutal.
struck by lightning, even Zeus was trying to warn him
0:54 "And they've now joined the exclusive club that they were so fascinated with" is the greatest line
Let's not pretend that we don't already know how to build a well-engineered and safe submersible. James Cameron's Deepsea Challenger already went to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. The fact is, Rush lived up to his name. He was well known for cutting corners and safety features. The Titan was not cutting-edge, it was just poorly, cheaply designed. It was lit by camping lanterns and controlled with a gamepad. Taking passengers aboard that deathtrap was tantamount to premeditated murder-suicide.
Wow by a bunch of billionaires. 😅
IANAL (And indeed; From the professional standpoint IANAE either) but I don't think it would be legally false for me to suggest that even I could design a sub with a greater degree of competence and regard for necessary standards than Mr. Rush was ever willing to extend to. 🤔  Granted, I can see the attraction in using _groundbreaking_ materials in a submersible like that...But unlike Mr. Rush; If I wanted to push straight to physical testing, I'd be filling that sub with atmospheric sensors, a crash test dummy(s) and a data recording system... *Not* human beings, or any living thing for that matter. 🕯  The difference between Mr. Rush's approach and my own would appear to be that when my sub implodes, the only concern is practical recovery of the wreckage (Let's keep the world tidy!) - Not the funerals of five different people. 👍
Wanna know why the Titan was only able to rotate on the floor of the ocean? The techs had installed the rear thrusters BACKWARDS! And no one even test drove it before they took customers down!
why are they suing, the CEO is literally deceased 💀💀
We Bigfoot have always been skeptical about the ocean. I personally stick to streams and small rivers.
Pickleroo
so Rush really rushed things huh
Going to the Titanic wreck site is such a dangerous thing that I think it should be understood that it is a life or death adventure. I think rock climbing, skydiving and going to the bottom of the ocean are life or death adventures. If you sign a liability waiver it's on you.
this whole vid is a lawyer ad wtf
Don’t care that he died. I care that innocent people died for him to achieve his dreams and goals.
Clickbait much? Lol. They haven’t been sued as of yet.   Why? Because the vast majority of legal experts have said the waiver is near iron clad. The experimental nature, material, non-certification, risk of death- all laid bare in the waiver.  You’re welcome. I get cashing in on a semi current news story but come on. Don’t use clickbait titles and misrepresentation.
truth be told "would the "we are not liable for any damages" waivers actually hold up" was my first question
Man tried to evade the law so much that he lost sight of the most important thing. While he may not have lost a lawsuit, he certainly did lose his life.
4:21 ...                        Really?
Bro was on drugs when making this plan lol
The fact that the continuous problems didn't deter rich people from riching
Absolute savage segue at the end into your sponsor 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
They should definitely be zeroed out. That was wholly irresponsible, and no one should profit from it.
But contracts always say stuff like that , and nothing happens😭 contract is contract but ocean gate shouldn’t be off the hook just like that😭
I don't think he knew how accurate the iPhone comparison would be when he made it
They will get a very small settlement. And that will be all.   And it will not published on the news. As we like to go outside technology. Thid would put a damper on so many other projects underway. However its not just are US Government. But other Governments that are looking at things differently in this case. As it should be. As everyone knows are Government gets away with everything. I really hope the families of the victims get something from this. But it doesn't bring families back.
For some reason, I assumed "OceanGate" was just a "Watergate" type media label. The fact it's ACTUALLY the company's name... 🤯
I cannot see that as being legal, how can anybody sign a document that basically says "If you kill me that's fine, you are not guilty". Euthanasia is not legal, whatever document you sign.
OceanGate Gate.  The irony.  lol
I remember the day after this tragedy happened. Certain talking heads saying Rush was "too woke" to hire experts. And I think that he refused to hire experienced experts because they would immediately quit.
I truly believe that the ceo should have gone by himself
I hope whoever's suing them completely crushes them.
Oh the irony 😂
Remember the novel that was written expressly to condemn the flaws in safety equipment in cruise ships back right before the Titanic disaster, "The Wreck of the Titan"? It's kind of ironic that the title is no longer fictional, twice over.
15:50 So cutting costs resulted in cutting heads, right?
interesting…i figured they wouldn’t get sued because realistically, all the people that died are already billionaires? not to mention that Oceangate is already defacto ruined and out of business anyways due to this disaster. That’s the only reason I don’t think the families are going to try and waste their time suing.
Dang, it does look like the inside of a Pringle's can!
Yeahp, some smart people are so smart that they don't even see that ...... there are others much smarter than them. That's why real submersibles  have some safety systems that this one did not have...!!! And now all of them lost their lives.
I was waiting for this
Only four people wanted to go. The young man DID NOT want to go and only did so because his father wanted to and it was fathers day. I think thats one of the saddest part about all of this. Who in their right mind would ever want to visit a deep underwater graveyard let alone run a sketchy service that allowed people to take such a great risk as this one did. One minute they are looking at the Titanic and the next they are taking to the Titanics passengers! This company should be sued into oblivion. I mean even it's name sketch OceansGate = HeavensGate
Hi LegalEagle and others who are legally experienced. Am I looking at a major flaw with the OceanGate waiver? It it appears to be aimed at the PASSENGERS choosing to embark on the voyage but not their families. The passengers understandably waived their rights to legal recourse against OceanGate if anything went wrong but I cannot see how they can also make that decision (legally) on behalf of their families (without consultation) by signing the waiver. They sign that waiver as individuals. Note I have no legal experience.
I’m really curious how legally flimsy the maneuver of calling the passengers “explorers” is. Like if I do a drug deal, I don’t expect I could get off if I call the money a “donation” and the drugs “experimental pharmaceuticals” or something. Can’t it be clearly demonstrated that semantics aside, these were civilian passengers that bought tickets, not actual employees?
My thoughts is them rich ppl owed a lot of money to people and fakes their own death to hide from them cuz unless they got the money from family n didn't work for it I don't see them being that dumb to go down in a dub with a Wii remote
Wow! It really all comes together. I had no idea Rush played up the opportunity to “contribute” or whatever to science for participants so much on this trip specifically to evade passenger safety laws. Just wow.
It's worth remembering that the owners of the Titanic followed all the laws and regulations of the day in the building of the ship and the quantity and type of safety equipment.  It was also commonly believed at the time that large ocean liners couldn't sink under normal circumstances.  The sinking of Titanic led to dramatic changes.  But the owners of the ship weren't even negligent, never mind grossly negligent.  Even the captain of the ship was technically following standard procedures.
*_sued? man's gotta get all his holes watered_*
Have them test the new law in a court case against OceanGate, at least that way there will be something tested on the Titan
This is making me rethink Gilligan's Island
ngl that self promo was smooth 😂
There's something so hilariously 'youtube' about ending the video off with "This man who perished brutally should have brushed up on his skills with TODAY'S SPONSOR!"
The Titanic.  Claiming fat cats for two centuries now.  Keep it up, guys.  Your absence means fewer private jet plane trips (a major source of pollution), less waste of resources, and fewer boring LLC names for your shell companies.
The sub was struck BY LIGHTNING and it fried all the electronics? Even Poseidon himself was trying to stop this guy from using the sub.
that resulted in the shortest [WILL IT BLEND?] experiment
Carbon weeve isn't that tough if you radial it then perhaps but rolled on Sheesh an accident waiting to happen
Imagine all the pressure the CEO is under.
what about the fact that the porthole was only rated to 3000 feet?  Did the 'mission specialists' know that before they decided to go down 13,000 feet?
Since we add “-gate” to every scandal for some reason, is this gonna be OceanGategate?
This channel makes jokes about the victims of tragedies now? What happened here?
Struck by lightning!!?? Dam, mf ignored even the Gods themselves!
It wasn't death at the high seas, rather the bottom of it.
The guy responsible should revisit the Titanic, with a cement submersible
I like ur hair
Saying Rush should have brushed up on math and science and going into the ad read is one of the hottest burns I’ve ever heard on a channel, bravo, very apt
Consider how much media attention this has gotten, then think about the fact that Tesla’s so-called “self drive” or “autopilot” has killed more people and is still allowed to operate.  It’s no coincidence that both companies are/were run by idiots who think they’re geniuses and everyone else is dumb and regulations are stupid and hold them back.  At least in this case the idiot put too much faith in his own creation and it killed him. Maybe Musk will be next in his Tesla.
The upper half of his head look so young, and the bottom half looks old. I love how confusing that is.
Just looking at the forms and if I were one of the people to go down I would take one look at this form reading it and tell the company to take their submersible and shove it because its not safe and I wouldn't feel safe in the first place just from reading that the submersible wasn't even certified as SAFE!
Struck by LIGHTING?! 💀
The weirdest suicide pact ever.
They knew how dumb of a decision it was still did it they’re not liable the family’s need to realize their family memebers were morons for boarding in the first place like come on😂😂
Imagine going to dive after the Titanic in a sub called the Titan and being surprised when something goes not-right.
Wow rl Saul Goodman right there
no actually Dallmyd almost went on that thing??? im glad noting happend to him hes a good guy
If nothing else I hope a case is won in favour of the poor 19 y/o, considering we know that he was more or less forced into it by his father
'lightning can do weird things' such science 🫠
From what I've seen. Most liability waviers that include death are nullified in a lawsuit when a death occurs since a lot of the time the death did occur due to gross negligence. Since any reasonable person would make sure what ever they were doing that justified a death waiver passed every test they could throw at it and were certified to exceed at least 1.5-2 times rating and had the receipts to back it up
I don't feel good about this case because if Oceangate wins the lawsuit it may inspire other corporate entities to blatantly ignore safety regulations (Which to be fair already happens a lot anyway) but even if they lose it's not like Stockton Rush is losing that money because he's dead, and the families affected by this aren't going to be given a life changing amount of money because they're already upper class people
it wasnt just 5 people that saw the ruins, the sub had made 15% of its launches as successful. take that information and do with it what you will
tbh they should rename to OceanGateToDeathAndSuspiciousLiabilityWaiversAndExtremelyNegativeNewsCoverageOnStocktonRushAndOceanGateToDeathAndSuspiciousLiabilityWaiversAndExtremelyNegativeNewsCoverageOnStocktonRushAndSoOn
I know nothing about law, but damn, this was basically attempted murder, to my ears...
Screw over a few thousand regular people…maybe a valid lawsuit.  Screw over a few rich people and society turns on its head.
I feel like it’s only a matter of time before some random company does this but with a spaceship.
The engineers saw something going wrong with the Titan sub, not the lawyers. LOL. The lawyers saw something going wrong with the legal waiver.
1:03 While reading the highlighted blue text I accidentally skipped a line and read "This vessel will be subject to extreme death"
I also can believe that they posted job listings for submarine pilots right after the announcement that the sub imploded
Here in the US law is so messed up the country is falling
Ocean Gate = Watergate? Because of a bad idea on purpose.
Sounds like this was Rushed
When a company says they will hire diverse engineers to create their sub because it was sick of them all being 'old white men' its probably not a good idea to get aboard it
it was gross negligence, the dude scoffed at safety concerned and was not up to industry standards period, carbon fiber at 5000 PSI would implode very easily.
Had the sub ever been proven to have completed this trip in that configuration before, or was any of it "new and improved?" I don't think Rush believed he was going to die in that thing, but I do believe he didn't accurately represent the reality of the danger they were in to the "mission specialists" prior to launch. Thank goodness the guy that tried to launch himself into orbit didn't take any passengers.
Lol who are they going to sue.. the CEO?
Hope these billionaires get countersued and lose their fortune
Who pays for the search? The eight hour wait? The days of scamming?
You know, nobody talks about the 2 sister ships of the titanic that didn't sink from an iceberg 🤔
Nice tie 👔
The way you introduced that final sponsor.... come on guys.. have some tact :D
I know that legally it is international waters however, I find it misleading to call it "middle of the ocean" when it was off the coast of Newfoundland.
could ocean gate get sued for the 250k$ it too for a passenger to participate in the sense of it was a service that was not completed?
Maybe they should rebrand to HeavenGate?
Is this tragedy OceanGate or OceanGateGate? 🤔
there was a boy passenger who is under-age.the company should be liable in court for endangering him and causing his death. his signature on papers does not count and should not allow company evade legal consequences.
The people signed the waivers knowing full well what the worst case scenario was. And the worst case scenario happened. Lawsuit seems pointless to me.
I really don’t think anyone should be going to visit the titanic. It’s the burial site of the people who passed away that day. We shouldn’t disturb it. If we want to investigate it and study the Titanic the best way is through unmanned missions.   And it’s crazy how Ocean Gate made sketchy technology from the beginning and yet got away with it until recently. Hopefully this doesn’t happen again.
Tragedy tourism needs to be stopped. Just because you CAN pay money to see a tragedy doesn't mean you SHOULD pay to see it. If you're not a researcher or an archaeologist, you have no right to disturb the dead or their resting place.
Can we talk about Josh Gates strait up denying going on this trip because of the materials used
There’s a cartoon I remember after the Peanut Corporation of America scandal.  It showed a flopped over Uncle Sam with x’s for eyes holding a sandwich before two jars, one labeled “industry can regulate itself” and “jelly.”
That's a great tie
one mistake at 5:20 the stress graph that you saw, a sudden dropoff, is the graph of the carbon fiber composite that the sub was made from. if you hear the WALLS cracking, it's already too late. as stupid as he was, what stockton said about the plexiglass windows was accurate; the windows were not the weak point of the sub. the sub not being built to industry standard, then making dozens of descents and ascents, without being physically tested a single time, that is why the sub imploded.
Bro who they gonna sue?💀
There are so many scummy moves in those legal decisions by the company. I know that lawyering for companies is scumminess made into a profession, but that's just on a whole different level.
a company registered in the bahamas lmao
Thinking that it was built with that material, not tested, few commands and still charged so much for something poorly made and dangerous is just beyond me, aside from the fact that I'm very sorry for the families but also thinking that being so fascinated about a place of death and sadness is just I don't know...
the back of a baseball ticket usually has a liability disclaimer.
As a diver, I find fly-by-night scuba companies that don't take into consideration an absolutely terrifying and very real possibility whenever you go diving outside your usual club.
legal eagle is daddy
I wish I could've been on that sub. What a peaceful way to die honestly, being excited for your trip and then suddenly nothing. Sounds so peaceful to me
They are embarrassing
6:00 I can't with this statement 😂😂
I think the simple fact Rush was on board was proof he felt it was safe.  People knowingly and willingly signed to go.
W VID
I'd be surprised if the paperwork didn't cap any settlement at one dollar.
no wonder they wiped the company off the map
With a name like Ocean Gate, it's like the knew it would become a gate to the ocean
My brother, are you saying "submersival" every time?
I think more CEO's than one might think have this level of arrogance, it's just not often that arrogance kills people.
Where is attorney Tom
Rush to passengers: Here, take a few cyanide pills before diving. You will experience the full benefit and thrill of being able to almost touch the Titanic no matter what happens..
You imply in the title they are “getting majorly sued” but where in the video do you say this and what is your source? Spoiler: nowhere.
say what you will about not talking trash of the dead or...whatever, I'm glad Rush is no longer here to continue running his dinky, narcissistic expeditions while showing the middle finger to every single expert and regulatory institution and putting people at risk.
Thank you for saying Newfoundland correctly!!!
We have a saying among my family and friends:  There is no one cheaper than a rich person.   Basically means that the richer someone gets, the more they seem to penny pinch. The only people I feel sorrow at the loss is the Titanic Professor and the Child who had to be dragged kicking and protesting into the sub.  There were so many warning signs after first launch, during subsequent launches, and now we learn this thing was never truly cleared for the crush depths?   There is no one cheaper than a rich person.
I think the lawsuits will fail in the end because the ceo was on the ship even though they knew it was substandard
“Obscenely safe” is a telling choice of terms.
18:49 The "obscenely safe" phrasing is very telling. Not just because it reveals his attitude about safety, but also because it outs him as one of those weird egotistical people who use awkward grandiose phrasing like "obscenely safe".
Lmfao that stockton rush was one crazy piece of human trash 😂
White Star Line never claimed 'Titanic' was unsinkable. A journalist with a mechanics/engineering magazine made the claim in an article about the Olympic class of liners and the phrase caught on in the public consciousness more after the ship sank than before.  Also, walls are bulkheads. The bulkheads separated the watertight compartments.
One thing that stood out to me in the waiver was the sentence that said something along the lines of “these hazards and risks are a normal part of any ocean expedition, and are unavoidable”. To me, that sounds like they’re telling people that the risk that they assumed on the Titan was the same as the risk of any other similar expedition, and was the industry standard, which it very clearly was not. They also mislead people about lack of certification by suggesting that they don’t need to be certified because their testing was far more rigorous than the industry standard certification methods. Another clear lie.
"Who could have possibly seen something going wrong?" Literally every expert in the field:😑🤨
Ah the lessons of being absolutely blinded by ego, something we reward in our society.
It's kind of amazing that a vessel that was deliberately shoddy isn't an open-and-shut case.
The amount of times I heard the curb your enthusiasm song in my head during this video was astounding
5:13 Alan mention in a Legal Eagle video! lets go Alan X El Mundo!, although, It would have been nice if it was in other circumstances. Yeah, Alan, being a travel youtuber (the best in my opinion), did  the trip with OceanGate, and even he who has the most positive attitude towards exploring and new experiences, didn't recommend it, if you were interested, he recommended to wait so that the company can improve a lot of areas that it needs to, including service and security. How right he was.
This is just my humble opinion on things, I'm not an expert on anything, but I like to learn new things, and I think I'm fairly knowledgeable about what I know. To me, as a general observer of modern society these days, it seems there's an increasing problem with egotism and narcissism with powerful, wealthy CEOs & bosses who think or feel they know what's best for "everyone" and/or know better than everyone, including the experts, etc. though, in reality, it's just all about themselves and what they want, regardless of others think. This seems almost infectious and perhaps even brainwashing from the top down in many corporate and political fields, and while this has always been the case, this seems to be a particularly worse problem with today's society.
I was in a submarine before, when I was a young girl in girl scouts. We were learning about naval military, went through a whole museum and then spent the night on the sub.    We got an entire safety tour beforehand and they weren't even moving the sub! They only barely submerged it sp you could say you slept underwater. You could quite literally swim up in less than 10 second if there were an emergency.   We signed a waiver and everything, but for such a small small danger they still had about 18 different emergency escape plans and a guide who stayed the night with us. There were 2 different alarm systems and a way for us to rise if we needed to that everyone was shown, even the 5 and 6 year olds.    I cannot imagine getting into something that dangerous and having people pretend it was completely safe and the risk of harm was "silly". I was in one of the safest submarines probably ever, barely went under the water and people still made the risks and dangers very very VERY clear to us.
A question from someone that is from Italy (and whose knowledge of Laws are forgotten lessons on Civil and Commercial Rights in his 20-years-ago highschool lessons), cannot the Bohemians' authorities simply toss the political and economical hot potato of the Oceangate Case back to the USA and/or Canada authorities, washing their hands of Oceangate?
What got to me the most was Stockton Rush saying basically, the regulations are stupid because most accidents are caused by operator error, so we are ignoring the regulations so we can innovate faster. With out realizing most accidents are caused by operator error BECAUSE THE REGULATIONS KEEP MOST OTHER ACCIDENTS FROM HAPPENING. The shear F'ing hubris of the man I'm actually surprised the size of his head didn't keep the sub pressurized after implosion.
“That’s a lot of damage, HOW ABOUT A LITTLE MORE!” - Phil Swift
They should be completely liable on the single basis that a multibillionaire was implementing measures to cut costs. Basically equating lives to pennies.
Judging by the contract the person in question (those that died) were unable to sue if they actually did die (shocking, I know), but it dosen't cover the event of the family or loved ones suing the company for constructing a deathtrap and coercing people into joining. Hell, even I could sue them because other people died. Right?  Edit: Dosen't ignoring safety warnings from actual experts count as malicious intent? I say that because when you tell the dude responsible for safety that his warnings are a personal insult goes way past gross incompetence.
This was a major case a month back maybe? But a video with the details on the case was uploaded 5 days ago with pristine editing. This, to me, is why this channel is so good. Besides making proper lawyer work, they made a perfectly good YouTube video
Just give them a Darwin Award 🙄
If the Stockton Rush's of this world want to make each other into jam, that's fine, but we needn't spend any money scraping them off the ocean floor.
Question: ok say that ocean-gate is not liable for these deaths but are they liable to provide-the next of ken the remains of those who past? And if not aren’t they become liable? Food for thought!
Cute!
Love that you are the only person in the country who uses an actual bald eagle cry in advertising.
Lots of liability waivers mention injury or death, and so we tend to automatically believe its the worst case scenario, but not likely. Whereas this situation was a ticking time bomb. I feel like liability waivers should have the actual stastical chances of injury and death, so people have a better understanding of how dangerous it is. Or maybe even if we devised a system just to measure danger in liability waivers...like a scale of 1-10 or something. Or maybe a color coded system. Green is flying in airplanes, and red is base jumping or climbing everest. Black is getting into the titan.
Since the sub sank in international waters I would think the Admiralty Courts would have jurisdiction.
I would never leave my life in the hands of iphone technology. It messes up all the time. Using that comparison is even more troublesome.
God even struck the sub with lightning! If that's not a sign idk wtf is.
No waiver on earth is going to save Oceangate esp. when there is documentation of engineering problems and no certification of the vessel in question.
Submarine going in circles. Damn stickdrift!
Kind of wish Rush had lived to experience the fallout
Ocean cheapskate
Are you Hunter Biden incognito?
Sounds like a death note to me
Get TO the  point  yoi talking  to music
They read that entire disclosure and still decided to sign it…I would’ve had walked away after seeing that death part.
Play silly games. Win silly prizes.
Imagine going down in history as some sort of obsessed, mad scientist that played with the lives of every potential client in his need to feed his ego, going against the wisdom and knowledge of an already very close and professional community.  He's like Ikarus. Dreamed of flying so close to the Sun that the heat killed him.
Stockton Rush, liked the word DEATH in his waiver. This makes me wonder if he knew his tin pot submersible was a pile of crap
I just still find it baffling that all those people saw a wireless playstation controller and were like “hmm yeah, that’s one professional submarine right there!”
In retrospect the CEO going down with his sub is probably a better alternative to being burried by lawsuits
No matter how much Stocton Rush claimed his submersible  was safe, you would not have gotten me on it fir all tge tea in China. Just looking at it would have been enough for me. Regarding tge waiver, tgat was lije signing your in death warrent
It's mad that millions of dollars has been made off the back of this just in ad revenue!
That lady on the BBC was so elated about Rush. She is on another doc where she hugged him, cried at the sight of Titanic (which I would do as well). Something seems off. In the doc after this one, she said it was the best experience of her life. WTF?
Bro accidentally made Hunley II.
wait, it was struck by lightning too.. insane
This tragedy cost the world 2 rich bastards in Dawood and Harding, one unwilling son of a rich bastard, one wealth of knowledge in Nargeolet and one arrogant murderer.  Still a tragedy, but you know, swings and roundabouts.
I was waiting for your take on this! Boeing and NASA should also sue, because their prestige was used to lure passsengers. Stockton upgraded their consultations to Oceangate to "partnership in designing" the Titan. The misrepresentation of their involvement is clearly fraudulent!
An engineer's design flaw is essentially a safety hazard. Which will never be right. Ego is the root of the fall. An arrogant person can never stand high in society.
Idk who they're gonna sue company will just split 😂
This is billionaire murder/suicide. That had to be his intention the entire time.
Representing this amateurish proof-of-concept as a human-piloted submersible is nothing short of DIABOLICAL INCOMPETENCE, AS AN ENGINEER, Rush made numerous ludicrous assertions regarding material properties, operator safety, and systems development. No expert on this subject would support any claim that people should have occupied this vehicle to test it's capabilities much less be occupied  by paying "mission specialist". Mission specialist have specific areas of expertise and perform specialized missions.  Rush viewed this term as a mere metaphor. Anyone materially participating in the operation of OceanGate should lose every penny they have to restitution, fines, and assigned damages.  Their activities are also probably criminal.
Can we sue after death? Like if a cult leader led people to their demise under false/hard to understand pretenses, shouldn’t those be held liable?
Just another case of the people complaining the loudest about "all the regulations/rules" being the very reason we need all the regulations and rules.  Isn't it funny how that so often happens?
The only way someone could ever even think about joining on a voyage of this vessel is if the CEO of OceanGate was also among the passengers. Which is appearently what happened.
Question: Would an individual be subject to "Gross Negligence" even if they subjected THEMSELVES to the same "risk"? I mean, the guy didn't send those people down alone and say, "best of luck"! He took the same risk, himself. He'd have to be a sociopath if he didn't believe in the integrity of the vessel.
People are really milking this
Every time I hear something about this situation there's something more ridiculous. Zip ties?! What's next? Scotch tape and bubble gum? Good lord!
😂 can you imagine being  a lawyer, and not having enough information together for your own video?😂
Can ou decline death n English Law?  Might be different in Bahamas?  I watch on.....
Bluetooth doesn’t work underwater. Source my swimming headphones
Honestly let the public services like coast guard and search and rescue organizations get reimbursed, those riders made a choice.
I'm just wondering why no one else had the wherewithal to back out knowing all these past failures. Whether or not they would whistleblow and get fired. Just back out of personal conviction, so anyone involved in making these missions happen, wouldn't be there to make it happen. It's frustrating to not see Rush literally pay for his consequences alive, bc all he got out of it was his coveted adrenaline spike. Hopefully this lawsuit goes after those individuals. It's like complicit murder, regardless if just one of them had a shred of empathy and guilt about this whole thing.
I really am more shocked by how the journalists all unanimously treated all these obvious red flags as some kind of proof the CEO must be some kind of genius who's hacking the submarine business. It's like the idea that all this might be just one foolish man's ego-fueled bad idea never crossed their mind, simply because he's rich.
Who knew killing a bunch of millionaires could have consequences.
I hope it's not happened again
This is why lawyers suck, you consult them to manage your business risk by coming up with a liability waiver, then when things go wrong they pick apart the thing they charged you for to protect your liability.  So they get paid for working both sides.
Talk about a Rush job...
The most expensive Doordash order of Five Guys of all time.
Guinness, book of world records most corners cut award, goes to Stockton Rush Oceangate, 2023🤦🏽‍♀️
People who sighn the waiver without reading the fine print 😅
Remember the name Stockton Rush. The man said he wanted to be remembered for breaking some rules. It ended badly for him and his followers 😢
In my native language there's an adage which translates to A poor man falls one step while rich folks fall much more
So, maybe we should write a law that if stupid rich people disappear doing stupid, money wasting shenanigans, we just.... ignore it and they don't get to be rescued. Congrats, you've been removed form the gene pool.
jealous of that hair and im 23
I'm not a lawyer, a law student or graduate. I'm not even in the US. But this shed a light on the situation that I didn't know I needed. What a legal nightmare. I feel bad for the people that will have to battle this mess in court.
What? No thoughts and prayers? Oh right... No guns were involved here...
It won't go through, the passengers signed that Waiver, it absolves Oceangate from responsibility, what will cause the company to fall is the social conquences from around the world, not anything done in legal court of law
I didn't realize anyone could be held accountable, after all the CEO/founder died with his victims.
Its kinda funny that it's called the "Titan", a short version of "The Titanic".  It's also interesting that in mythology, titans were cast out by the gods to underneath the world, kind of like the ocean.
The PS3 controller was the best designed part of the sub
Well at least the man responsible got the death penalty
There is a free documentary of James Cameron on here as he did multiple dives and what it took for him to get down to the Mariana Trench. It's called James Cameron's Deep Sea Challenge. Within the first 10 mins, you can see how safety-driven him and his group were.
Yeah screw paying that much to go down that far you could not pay ME to down that far.
Here it comes 😂
If a claim can be brought in any reasonable court, it seems like it will be a slamdunk for the families of the passengers.   The view port was only rated to go 1/3 as deep as the sub was being pushed to.  It's hard to say you aren't grossly negligent when placing people in anything that is being exposed to 3x the max rating of any critical part.  That's like trying to run a bus service that goes 195 mph in a 65 mph zone.
Stockton Rush deserved it. He was asking for it.
Nice
Watergate
Ngl I don't feel bad for the 5 people because the guy literally said that his sub is makeshift
The word of "may" is a lie they were going to die.
Arghhh. I knew this would happen. I looked at the sub before it went down and knew it would cave in at some point. Poor kid got dragged into getting on, I mean, come on!!!. This was not the Nautilus in any way shape or form. Right,  go to camping world, staple some stuff together and take people down. (shudder). Iphone? You wont have time to call anyone.🤔🤨🙄🙄🙄. I didn't have to be an engineer to figure that out. that thing looked flimsy as hell. It was already damaged. It really reminded me of a toilet paper core. That came to mind when I saw it. People don't read waivers, do they. Just because the previous times were ok, does not mean this time it won't crumble.
Anyone who's ever tried to get a Bluetooth device to connect shouted "WTF???" when they heard about the Bluetooth controller
I feel bad for the son. He was so scared and just wanted to please his dad. You said in the video they were all titanic fanatics but the 19 year old wasn't and you think a lawyer would do his research especially at the expensive of a shitty joke
Hahaha.  Poooof… he’s gone.
See I don’t trust anything that has gate in the name because every time there is a company or a cult with gates in it there always a death scandal smdh
I would never have signed that waiver. It’s like authoring your own suicide note before doing something.
Learn Canadian laws and become my lawyer hahahahha
Doesn't the fact that OceanGate specifically engaged in legal maneuvers to avoid regulation (such as liting paid passengers as "mission specialists", and flagging out of the Bahamas), prove willful misconduct? wouldn't 2nd degree murder charges apply to anyone who helped run this operation at the time of the disaster?
They. We’re. All. Billionaires. Yes it’s sad. But their families definitely don’t need more money. Let oceangate eat more rich. Please. This is some of the biggest wealth redistribution ever.
The compressive strength of carbon fibre and carbon fibre composites are about 30 to 50 % of their tensile strength
There is already tons of evidence available that it was not tested, or safe.  Experts warned the company that they that the didn't follow safety recommendations.  They were reckless and negligent.
You pronounced Newfoundland wrong
When a mad constructer Rush makes you to follow lawyers on YouTube about his death.
“Stockton could have learned more about math and physics from today’s sponsor Brilliant.” Feels REALLY icky.
The fact that even a single engineer told them it would kill people and they didn't investigate that is inherently gross negligence. If an expert tells you that its dangerous and you ignore them, that has to be negligence surely because if its not then there can't possibly be anything that qualifies as negligence
I feel like it should be about the same as those unreasonably long terms of use agreements used by apple.   You can't really hold the agreement as valid if people have a reasonable expectation that death was very unlikely and the company had done everything possible to mitigate dangers. If the company skipped any corners whatsoever I think there should be a valid case for throwing out any agreement.   Waivers are generally signed under the impression that the activity is as safe as it is reasonably possible to make it. If the company did not meaningfully attempt to reduce all risk as far as possible then surely it violates the spirit of the law.
I just can't get over the fact that the monitor stand and camping lights are screwed into the hull
If I wanna see the titanic, I use google. They can only see it through a camera anyways. Google just as good bud
Submersi-ble not submersi-vul. Sorry, had to be that guy. Liked the video, but when you say that, makes me cringe.
Ah, but they're not passengers - they're crewmen. Excellent (BS) lawyering (you know, for siphoing money from billionaires to kill them on experimental funrides)
There should be a special category of the Darwin Awards for inventors who die by their own invention
well the way you laid this out, gives me the opinion they have a case extremely strong
Sounds like a great mini sub to go around the Bahamas touring pirate shipwrecks
Rush was too overconfident, and he never cared for his clients lives.
Ocean Gate should be majorly sued. They intentionally avoided all safety inspections with greed being their only motivation.  I do not think much of the intellect of those in the little carbon fibre tube but the company and its CEO made stupid choices and won stupid prizes.
This seems eerily similar to Theranos and Elizabeth Holmes. Every medical professional could've told you that that machine wouldn't work. Seems just like with the engineers in this case...
The problem with the controller is that it's wireless. A wired game controller is actually a pretty good method of controlling a vehicle- it's meant to be understandable and user-friendly. Wireless means there's a risk of losing connectivity. You really don't want to lose connection at the bottom of the ocean. Hardware is less prone to disconnecting, assuming it's all physically intact.  But the wireless controller is just the rotten cherry on the crap sundae.
My personal take: The passengers could have done far better things with their money than getting into a shoddily constructed and uncertified Pringles can, *and* OceanGate should be sued into the Stone Age for both lying to customers and firing the guy who warned them that this wasn't going to end well. I hope he finds a better job.
It's mind blowing to me that some people took MULTIPLE trips in that thing. They obviously didn't think it was safe, but still took multiple trips.  At what point are you taking your fate into your own hands? Not defending the company btw.
In my country no lawsuit would be possible because the consenting  adult victims are dead.
It is still quite notable that the sub Titan, practically declared unsinkable, was destroyed while diving to observe the Titanic, a ship literally declared unsinkable
Here in England you can't exclude liability for negligent death/injury at all, per Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 & now the Consumer Rights Act 2015.
You need to wave your arms around more.  Sorry, just being sarcastic.
"Bringing an outside entity up to speed on every innovation before it is put into real-world testing is anathema to rapid innovation"   Building a cheap, non-regulated, and dangerous submarine only to charge people $200,000 per person to ride on it is not innovation, it's blatant greed and profiteering. What a surprise that yet another egotistical and narcissistic billionaire didn't realize that.
they didnt read that and just walk away?
Rush’s statements about carbon fiber being better than titanium is just so bad. Context is missing (this clip doesn’t have the reasoning for it being better or what it is supposedly better at) but the idea that carbon fiber is a better choice for something that will need to handle the amount pressure at 4000m deep is laughable. As this video explains, it is a horrible choice for the purpose of the submersible
The CEO kinda got what he deserved. Dead from his own trashy sub. Passengers knew how shady it was to pay for the tour. The only one I have sympathy for is the son because he was still a kid who didn't understand the gravity and seriousness of the trip and waiver
The more I hear about this the more I realize how stupid, greedy, narcissistic, and arrogant that CEO really was. Like this has got to be even higher than a Darwin Award, the amount of moronic behavior and arrogance that had to have happened to lead this situation to this conclusion is mind blowing.   The only person I feel bad for is his son.  If that CEO was really going to charge that amount of money for people to enter his death trap then he absolutely deserved to die and this world is better off without him.
tip of the iceburg.....subtle
The window was only rated for 1,300 meters, the titanic is 4,000 meters down.
Which is exactly what they expected to happen
rich man lets his feelings ruin his trip to see sunken trash and dies  goo goo gaga
How can they be so selfish people have died
Thats a savage segway outro lol. Crush your maths so your maths don't crush you!
I don't think the window or the hull gave in. What probably failed was the glue. The carbon fiber tube was glued to a titanium ring with a bigger diameter using epoxy. At high pressure as you have up to 4000 m, carbon fiber will shrink; not a lot but the tube will slightly decrease in diameter. Titanium however will not. Even at 4000 m the pressure is not high enough to make titanium shrink a tiny bit. So the tube wants to shrink, the ring doesn't and the only thing that keeps both together is glue which is now under extremely high stress, trying to keep the tube attached to the ring and thus preventing it from shrinking. If there is only a tiny crack in the glue, smaller than a human hair, water will rush into that crack and widen it in less than a millisecond to the point where the tube breaks away from the ring and then water will rush in at super sonic speed, filling the entire interior within another few milliseconds. Note that it takes around 30 to 100 milliseconds for the brain to even realize what's going on, so you are dead before you even notice that there was a failure.
Seems like he spent more time on finding loopholes to liability than any engineering
It's almost like you can't convince a bunch of millionaires to climb aboard a murder machine voluntarily of their own free will any more.
all of this legal shit makes me happy that I don't live in the US
good. no mercy for any remaining  upper ranks.
I would say, historically speaking, on McCallums comment, nobody called the Titanic unsinkable until after she sank cause is made a better headline. Which would you rather read? Titanic sunk, or Unsinkable Ship sunk? The ship was really only once called unsinkable before sink, the ship builders boasted about her ability to resist sinking, "as far as it is possible to do so, these two(Olympic) wonderful ships are unsinkable." The claim has a qualifying remark, as far as it is possible, meaning not unsinkable, but built to above the standard of the time and latest technology. I understand his point of irony, but much like the "Unsinkable" myth, it really is nothing more than a literary device.
Ehhh…not buying this.   To be clear, I think everyone involved was a thrill seeker with a high tolerance for risk and the dice rolled snake eyes, however…  All the evidence that shows poor quality or efficacy of prototypes, demos or tests and using that as proof they shouldn’t have done it misses the point.  The whole point of innovation is taking all the assumptions, facts, best practices of product, business or process and throwing them out the window to create something new. This is literally how “outside the box” thinking is done.  So this means any criticism by in the box thinkers - while valid - is to be expected and usually dismissed.  Yes people died. Yes the sub was risky and unproven due to innovation.  Onwards and upwards
Rush taking the criticism on the safety of his sub as a personal insult still blows my mind. To bad this wasn't a solo mission for Rush. One less idiot.
I'm sorry to say, but if you actually sign this waiver... Then you actually are well aware of the risks, they were big boys.
This guy looks like the lawyer of all time.
The thing got hit by Zeus, he had near death expiriences WITH passangers before.  For me its clear that he was addicted to these expiriences and he wanted it to be recognized by other people.
Everyone liked that.
The issue with the legal analysis of any waiver of liability is that "serious injury or death" when it related to an implosion is THE SAME WORDS used to describe the serious injury or death that could be caused by improper use of my toaster...
This case will take a long time and plenty of lawyers hours to come to an agreement. It is very complicated to the fact that all of them signed a waiver and a rough one. May the war begins, sadly for the guests on this vessel. I, also have no doughs that Ocean Gate will chapter.
How can they recover anything? The customers, are like all billionaires! What are they going to sue for? A trillion dollars!
I wouldnt get into a submarine if its creator had as surname "rush"
"I understand that I may decline to participate in any dive below the ocean surface or any activity of the operation at any time"  Does that include when they started hearing sounds from the hull buckling under the pressure at depth?  and if so, how does that change anything at that point when it's too late to make a difference.  Poorly worded
oof, judge recommended it to go to trial, of course they quickly settled... imagine being in front of a Jury and claiming it's not your fault because of a piece of paper and then try to prove that poor maintenance is included in the contract terms... probably would be maximum claimable amount on the day of deliberation... even though deliberation wouldn't be the right word for what's going to happen.
Imagine being worth  $12 million and still being so cheap and arrogant that you sent people down in a $360,000 death trap. Greed is one thing. But to risk your own life is another.
As intended, now the already rich family’s will get more money than already needed. They signed death waivers. Too bad.
I still can’t get over the irony of this situation. The parallels of a poorly made piece of machinery malfunctioning for an overpriced trip in favor of the rich. Like this is why we have safety regulations. And actual engineers
Tbh I dont feel any remorse for the guys that read that the sub was not approved or certified by anyone and still singed off on it, just sad for the son that didnt want to go but went anyways because of his dad
15:10 This thought ran through my mind as soon as carbon fiber was mentioned.
The CEO had such an ego it’s actually funny it was literally crushed out of him. Those people still agreed to get in a tin can though, there’s a reason you take physics in high school 🤦🏼‍♂️
Future Titanic explorations will now be able to find a second titan wreckage
How could that waiver be anything but null and void when almost everyone did not have any idea of the parameters that were totally ignored and overly counted on. The disregard of the product manufacturers limit was grossly wrong. It was inevitable. Peace to those left behind.
At least the Ice Berg got a 5 up kill assist!
"You're going to kill someone!" "You say that so much it's lost all meaning."
I mean, this sounds like consenting in writing to getting punch or a woman letting a man have sex with her while she's asleep. Both are still not legal.
I guess stockton rushed the papers
Can someone please explain why the SPVA uses the phrase "not more than x" as opposed to "fewer than x"? I could see how the "fewer than" verbiage could exclude exactly 49 passengers, but if that is the rationale then could you not write "...ones carrying 49 passengers or fewer". The same phrase is used for the 150 passenger part so the verbiage seems deliberate.
all they read all this and still signed?
I would use a sub with a VR camera setup with the view range as a Google street car streamed up to a server and will a membership can login to it and look around with 2 classes live and recorded and the sub would be remotely navigated so there would be no one on board....and no danger to anyone
I work with contracts in the UK, you can’t exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury here. So that clause wouldn’t be valid. Not sure if there’s any variation to that rule in the Bahamas though
"If I die, I may be found in a court of law to have waived my right to maintain a lawsuit."  This sentence alone shows that Stockton had ZERO clue what he was doing.
Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it...
Fine, sue them.  But really? You get in a capsule and go to the ocean floor in a new device?  People need to stop the magical thinking.  (And survivors would have sued even if it wasn’t due to negligence, FYI.)
Wtf this comment can't have more than 10 likes
They signed the waivers, case closed.
Lightning should have scrapped the entire project and cause them to start from scrap.
Can’t they argue this isn’t negligence since the CEO died too? He wouldn’t have put himself in harms way
Their "warning system" is the oceanic equivalent of using a paper plate attached to the ceiling with an M&M glued to it as a fire alarm.
After seeing video of a dive, you could not have PAID ME enough money to go down in that tin can.
I like your tie.
Bruhv, this tin can got hit by freaking lightning. If that wasn'r a sign from God its a bad idea to launch something built from random parts I don't know what is.
The fact that MULTIPLE people were not only willing to pay for the trip, but pay $250,000 for it is insane to me.  At least we can rest easy knowing the insane con artist is no longer able to scam or hurt anyone else.
They treated like a question of "can we?" and not "should we?"
Well no wonder the submarine couldn’t be found…. It was struck by lighting ???? Wow
I did smile at your segue to the sponsor at the end. Good pun :D
I installed DirecTV for about 8 years and I had to repair coaxial lines in walls after electricity hit houses. Just from repairing coaxial wire in houses that were struck by electricity. After hearing the vessel was struck by lightning in 2018 I would have never gotten in it
A tragic example of the slippery slope that is man's hubris.  edit: a word.
It’s still hard to believe how people paid $250,000 to ride in this death trap.  You couldn’t have paid me $250,000 to ride in anything that is steered by a Logitech controller, never mind the submersible being subject to that much pressure
That record of random things breaking down and other near-miss safety incidents. Damn. That's what you'd expect from a space program, not an established commercial product.
All this means to me is that the passengers were even more stupid than I'd thought.
Do they have any money?
Rich people pooling resources into absolutely idiotic stuff that's a cool waste of money on a good day a 2023 underwater coffin at worst? WHO COULD'VE GUESSED! .....................Natural selection ftw.
"Titanic ruins"? 🤔
Nah sheets of paper can only protect you so much down with this company
The bossman died if I understood properly, still charging😂
we don’t have to watch the video to figure that out 😂😂
I am more interested to see the remain of the submarine rather than the titanic !!!!
If they could afford to pay a quarter-mil for a ride in a tin can, then their estates won't miss the lawsuit winnings. Every dime that their estates would have gotten should go to Team Seas.
They won’t get nothing but the Stinking LAWYERS Will get zillions.
Lmao good Luck suing them I’m sure they had them sign a ludicrous amount of papers
You know that people should be able to sue NASA just saying . People are going to die when your exploring like that...sooo sorry they lost their lifes but name one exploration team that has not lost any life and then what exploration team that has been able to sue so the balls especially when there was a contract ...
Honestly so pleased that the CEO imploded so no one else has to anymore.
He could have gone slowly and advanced our understanding of materials science. Instead, he went quickly and advanced our understanding of liability law.
The once smug Stockton Rush  is now literally a stain diluted in the North Atlantic Ocean because of his hubris. His  rattle trap conglomeration of junk called a submersible would make Wile E. Coyote bow his head in shame.
This is really smart as an advertisement if I'm being honest. Being in touch and acting human is a sure fire way to make people trust you as their lawyer and personally, I feel more inclined to call you instead of some other company for legal troubles. 👌
What good are lawsuits in this situation? I am not sure whether that really matters anymore... Rush is dead, and none of the employees will want to take responsibility to send subs anymore. So the company is stopped. No amount of suing will bring the dead back. And if they are found guilty, it doesn't hit the CEO because he is dead
Ok, are we even surprised at this point though  that they're getting sued?   and more-so if they signed the "you could die doing this" waver potentially knowing the CEO bragged about this bs being "too safe" does the lawsuit actually even have legs to stand on? Cause like it's deserved and I'm for it even despite "eat the rich" cause like 5 people died in that poorly constructed tin can billionares or no billionares, but... really I don't know if they're goihg to win this cause like... money or no money these geniuses ok'd doing this with the clause they were aware it was "super dangerous." and still paid to go on the sub.
I've heard how badly the titan submergable has failed by engineers, physicals nerds, titanic experts, sub experts and now, a lawyer. Now I really want an old crusty sea captain with a pipe going "Yarr... the sea is a cruel mistress." and then explaining how badly it failed.
You kinda deserve a Darwin award if you willfully went into this.
dont fire people who disagree with you if they can prove their argument. You can be salty, you can mald, but they're doing what you pay them for. It's a good thing they're honest with you for your sake and your business's sake.
How mad that the passengers didn't do any research themselves before agreeing to pay all that money board the thing. I would want to know it was certified safe and it seems public knowledge that the previous employee had voiced concerns. They just crossed their fingers and hoped for the best. They couldn't have paid me to go on it!!!
i wish that CEO was alive that he would face justice
"had went ahead"? You're an educated person - it's "had gone ahead".
In summary, you DO take a risk when you drive your car, but you CAN sue if your car suddenly implodes under normal operating conditions!
Chinese here.  If it's under the Chinese legal jurisdiction, this waiver will not be valid.   Under the Chinese legal system specifically speaking the Civil Code 《民法典》,  one cannot waive one's personality right which includes the right to life. Thereby, this waiver or at the minimum, the session where the candidate waived their right to life will be deemed invalid.   Hence I was in real shock knowing that the validity of the waiver need to be considered and argued😮
I think the liability waiver was misleading because the passengers weren’t fully aware of /just/ how dangerous it was. I view it similar to a malfunction with a carnival ride that the company was aware of but continued to use it and it resulted in death, which to my understanding seems like gross negligence and I feel it should be seen the same way. He ignored and fired anyone who told him it wasn’t safe because he felt they were ‘stifling his innovation’, but I don’t feel his stupidity in not listening to experts means he wasn’t aware of its flaws but told people it was very safe
Why would the estates NEED anything.. these are multi millionaires who knowlingly chose to go on a russian roulette excursion..
OceanGate should just rewrite the contracts to read something along the lines of "Have your remains spread amongst the wreckage of the H.M.S. Titanic upon your death. $250,000 USD", backdate it, notarize it, done and done.  On a serious note, what's the word on them being in international waters? I know it's not as cut and dry as "there are no laws", but Rush used that fact to his favor... seems fair to use it against OceanGate.  That letter from the experts voicing concern was unfortunately only drafted and never sent.
As someone who works in tech: the fact that the controls were running off Bluetooth shows how bodged this whole thing was. That's just peak STUPID.
so the people who studied this didnt realize the carbon fiber isnt good enough and they didnt just send it down to see if it doesnt implode?
Why are people allowed to fly into space on rockets known to have exploded in the past?  Why are people allowed to drive cars that are known to have killed people? Why are people allowed to SCUBA dive when it is known that people have died doing it.  Why are people allowed to fly in airplanes that everyone knows sometimes just fall out of the sky?  That's the greatest thing about freedom,  you can do anything you want, even if it does kill you.
Heard an interesting thing the other day.  The US Navy uses the same controllers to control some of their undersea equipment.😮
Enough milking this stupid topic, move on!
Very interesting, thanks!
You think?!  Who could have thought something could have gone wrong with the sub?  Everyone who looked at the design that make deep submersibles and TOLD THEM it was a bad idea and WHY it was a bad idea in the first place.  From the degradable Carbon fiber weave hull to the max depth of 1300 meter rated view port...  C'mon, this thing was a death trap waiting to happen.
Hummm law by mike
Now that I think about it , the 250k ticket for a single person costs more then what most families win in wrongfull death lawsuits. Just refunding those tickets would be 'enough' reimbursement.
Ur channel looks related to doctor Mike 😂😂😂
It's crazy how laws are made just to ensure companies don't get hurt as a result of their own wrongdoing.
"Submersivle" is a word I learned today, thanks Legal Eagle!
They made sure they wouldn’t get sued if anyone died. Smdh
The window is made out of acrylic! *Acrylic!* the same material as my acrylic charms and that stuff cracks easier then the bulletproof glass it should’ve been made out of. Something better than acrylic
When you take a look at how this thing was designed, and the story behind it which just stood proudly on their site, you can see this thing was doomed. After many tests they never tested if it was actually breaking because of all those tests. They made the thing out of materials that are very bad for subs, and they proudly say how they just go around all the safety regulations. And then the wireless controller just as the cherry on top
The sad irony is that because of the accident there will be a lot of extra data about things like material integrity and hull construction that could enable future subs designed with similar materials.  The dumb thing is if this Rush had budgeted for proper and extreme destructive testing they may have learned those lessons without the loss of life, at least on this occasion.
I think waivers have become some sort of "get out of jail card" - yes, the dive wasn't necessary. But a lot of people still go by the idea that's being peddled that "someone with a degree in engineering knows what they are doing and that  they took reasonable steps to prevent the worst case scenarios mentioned in the waiver" - Because, well.. experts know what they are doing, right? He probably had more bargaining power just simply based on the fact that he held a degree in engineering and therefor enjoyed a measure of prestige that instilled a certain level of trust in people (especially given the fact that Stockton was willing to take part in the dive) But I think in this case, he did not take reasonable steps, far from it and a lot of the things he did to play the system was exploitative and manipulative (like classing the passengers as explorers and filing their payment as a donation) . And there were many other things the passengers did not know about, like all the warnings he had been given. People should come up with a counter waiver saying "I have taken all reasonable steps to avoid the scenarios set out in the waiver" - if they don't sign it I would run 🤣
Amazing informative video
I feel like everyone on that sub knew full well the risks and certainty researched all about oceangate and still chose on their own to go so I don’t think anyone should be trying to sue now anyone who doubts this should read the full oceangate wavier
HOLY SHIT WHO COULDVE THOUGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????????????????????????????????
As a designer this accident is probably one of the most important in a while. Really shows why considering your material use is vital to safety. And also that if you don’t agree you need to put your foot down. Major respect to the guy who got fired for trying to tell them about the risks. He realised this was more important then his job.
No they won't.
Ultimately US law cant touch this case because the liability waiver demands all disputes be heard in the Bahamas
Five year old me tries to walk on the sand under the water "I guess a submarine would have to be built different than a plane" Stockton Rush "Nah"
Oceangate is getting sued , what did you expect looll, even tho if  it doesnt no one goes in it forever...
Didn't they also screw the monitor mount into the carbon fibre hull, or is that image merely doctored?   I'll admit I'm posting this at around 19 mins, but I have yet to see a video that brings that up
Didn't they also screw the monitor mount into the carbon fibre hull, or is that image merely doctored?
Wouldn't the OceanGate incident be considered deaths on the low sea, not high sea?
When they heard the sub had gone missing the first person they probably phoned was the lawyer.. 📃🧐
It’s high time we should start looking for these five “victims”  on dry land. Because that’s where they are. Alive.
Who forced them into that tin can? Why sue...if you are stupid enough to go to that trip... You don't deserve death...but it's your fault if you do...
20:35 Each of the surviving members of the ship-wreck Titanic were only consolidated around about $30,000 in today's money.
Whats surprising to me is not that it's working with a ps3 controller, but that the whole control system is relying on things like wifi or even just a monitor. You really need backups that are more directly controlled in case anything failes. For example, if you need to drop your ballast, nice to be able to do it with a touch screen or controller, but just in case, you need a physical switch connected as directly as posible that bypasses the whole interface. It's insane that if your wifi connection fails, your dead.
I believe the cracking detection is not for the window, but the carbon hull
I feel bad, but I also do not feel bad. Like, I only feel bad for that kid who didn’t want to be on there. But then again, it’s also human life. But then again, they were also billionaires? I just don’t like seeing people die and I can’t celebrate it.. and seeing other people makes me a little uncomfortable, though I know where they’re coming from.
they’re all dead , move on
One big design flaw is that the door is screwed from the outside instead from the inside so even if the sub got to the surface they couldn't get out
i honestly doubt it. ceo is dead the company is shut down and unlikely to be able to pay much judgement anyways the people involved is rich billionaire and some million dollar payout is simply drop in the pocket and not worth the years of lawsuits.
"Does the accusation have some experts to uphold their arguments?" "yes your Honor, we have them all."
Another classic case of pride goeth before the fall
He got parts for the flea market
Back in 2022, the CEO was doing a podcast and he said, "You know, at some point, safety just is pure waste. I mean if you just want to be safe, don't get out of bed, don't get in your car, don't do anything. At some point, you're going to take some risk, and it really is a risk/reward question. I think I can do this just as safely by breaking the rules."  This alone showed his arrogance and the biggest red flag when he built thia submarine.
4:21 "and thats really just the tip of the iceberg" - pro pun intended right there 💯
Congratulations to Jim for getting his law degree. Guess there wasn’t too much money in Paper.
So they are blaming the company responsible and not the idiot who skipped saftey checks to save cash?OR THE GUY THAT RECCOMENDED THEY USE A GAMING CONTROLLER?
His name is James, James Cameron The bravest pioneer No budget too steep, no sea too deep Who's that? It's him, James Cameron James, James Cameron explorer of the sea With a dying thirst to be the first Could it be? Yeah that's him! James Cameron
He got himself into the infamous list of "people who were killed by their own inventions". Good job
Can we talk about how it was struck by lightning??
Always get a consensus.  Hubris.
What do you mean sued it's a frivolous lawsuit, the fools should have never done it, only an idiot or fool goes in something that has never been tested
Ocean Gate withheld engineering reports from their own operations manager and then sacked him. The guy they  hired - after presumably deciding that he was expert enough to run their operations. I don't think most people have the experitse to question a company about something like the safety of a submersable. They need to rely on the company's experts. Which in Ocean Gate's case was sacked because the company didn't like what it was hearing.
Because nothing screams successful legal studio more than a guy that has to fill his videos with ads.
Sounds like we need to expand the definition of "gross negligence" to include willful ignorance and incompetence. If multiple professionals are telling you that something is unsafe and not up to code and you're refusing to heed them in any meaningful way, you should absolutely get sued for it. He put people in danger because he was arrogant enough to think he knew better when he didn't.
I’m just more like - “who invested in this windowless, comfortless, coffin that does nothing??”   Did they think this was the “spaceX of the ocean”??
it was struck by lightning? even god said no.
He trusted it with his own life so sorry no chance
The fact that they weren’t officially passengers to avoid regulations says all you need to know
Why more then five rode this thing
This is very interesting, thank you for the video Legal Eagle.
Giid luck they signed contracts
not one for those passengers were AMERICAN. 😂  so everything you said about american laws doesn’t even count for them…. you just made a 25 min about american laws…….
Many people went down in that sub prior to the accident …..and all of them said it was amazing ….and they wanted to go again……
*uc* I thought it is John Krasinski 😅
Do I have to listen to this divisive Tim Scott political ad every two minutes of your video? If so, I'm outta here; if I want that stuff I can turn on the news. UPDATE: Great video, and only had to listen to hate speech 3 times.
3:51 the subtitles say exactly why my dude is trying to say😅.  Straight up changes "was an" to "wasn't "😂
The lightning hitting the Titan in 2018 was a sign from God.
imagine having billions of dollars and when making a vehicle that is fatal if something goes wrong, your first thought is, how can i do this cheap? This is why everyone followed this story, it was hubris of the rich shown in full force. Ridiculous how the people with deepest pockets cut the most corners.
Why sue? It's highly unlikely OceanGate were insured (what insurance co. would insure an uncertified submersible) so I doubt they have anything worth suing for.
This guy is to the Law, what Philly D-Franco is to the news. Plus, listen to his voice! It might literally be Phillip Defranco
I feel like we should recover the tax payer dollars wasted
They all on an island somewhere Sippin on coconut water 🤦🏾‍♀️
Pleasant office setting, books of reassuring bindings and classic colors that will not crush you under thousands of psi without extreme recklessness.
Yea im pretty sure theres an entire community of people that will provide some pretty damning testimonies
the transition into that brilliant add f****ng killed me dude! great video btw!
Dont these contracts normally state that, in short, you have been fully informed about the risks involved and thus are doing this at your own risk? The way the Oceangate contracts seem to work is that the person signing it only waivers his own right to mainatain a lawsuit. This should not stop the familiy members from doing it and claim damages? Also, contracts cant waiver basic rights/laws (at least in the EU they dont, not sure about the US, but common sense would tell me it is the same in the US?). Like you cant make murder and cannibalism legal by making a person sign on a contract where he agrees that you may kill and eat him/her?!  (im obviously not a lawyer)
after watching real engineering and this, i must say i cant believe this was even allowed. especially the bluetooth thing... like dude have you ever used headphones they don't always work.
If it was a Logitech F710: that controller is not reliable at all. I used it on my laptop, and the control stick would have gotten jammed. I agree that they should have used a wired controller at least, and had a backup.
These people signed a waiver for death on a small, cramped, uncertified submersible going to extreme depths all controlled by your everyday Playstation controller! Is that called wishful thinking or an unconscious death wish?
Lawyers want money
When I found out they named it "Titan" I KNEW they were just inviting bad luck/mojo/juju. Look up the book "Futility", the irony.
"Ooh before we go, just need you to sign this in the more than likely event of sudden death."  "Okay."
One of their also be issues involving maritime law
Oceangate had numerous people addressing concerns. Their response, rather than ensuring the vessel could repeatedly handle the pressure, the company rewrote the waiver.
Anyone who had half a brain regarding ocean depth and cavitation knew this was a disaster before it began. However, the only one I feel bad for is the kid. He was terrified of the sub and knew it was a bad idea. He literally only got in cause his family forced him to join his dad for Father's Day. The CEO of Ocean gate even stated in several interviews that he denied the warnings of various engineers and scientists because he wanted to bring aboard people with imaginative ideals. The bastard CEO had more money than brains and subjected several others to his stupidity. Not only was this Gross Negligence, this was him being downright abusive to the care of others. No doubt he was thinking his money could save him if something happened. Money can't save you from an implosion though. Especially one of that caliber at that depth.  There's a reason People have been making jokes since it happened. There's a reason one of the guys step-kids made a song about this. It's sad, yeah. But it lives up to an adage introduced to me in History class.  "Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. Those who do learn from history are doomed to watch other people repeat it."
... it was struck by lightning!?!? I'm not a religious person but I'm pretty sure that's whatever deity is out there (if there is one) saying "don't do it"
I think incidents like this, besides being incredibly dumb, also show some of the problems with governments not working to establish some sort of international baselines or extra-national laws in such a globally interconnected world.
Good lord.
Ocean gate the world's most expensive Darwin award
"We inheritaned millions and/or billions from our rich parents/family that died! Now we shall sue to make even more!"
Wait, they NAMED it OceanGate? That's almost _begging_ for a disaster in this day and age.
I mean they sign a waiver so they knew I don’t see a reason to sue
3:16   Yall butchered my last name lol
Can’t wait Hollywood makes a movie about this in 7 years
He faked his death. Guarantee it.
"Hey, dude-I gotta tell you, I don't think this thing's seaworthy." "Uggh if I hear that _one more time..."_ "Wait you've HEARD THIS BEFORE!?"
What if your brother steals 200k+ from you and your business cuz you gave him checks to deposit and he put them in his own bank account and not a new account like he was supposed to. Fkr. Wish he was on that sub.
but nowhere does it say that “human error” can be a cause of death. If it can be proven that the vessel was submerging at a faster rate than originally planned then this company can be sued
How does a sub get struck by lightning? 🤔
I have recently found your Youtube channel and find your method of explaining very conducive to reasoning and I find you very knowledgeable, especially on the ChatGPT Episode which I post a link to on My FB. In this Youtube video I however had to slow the speed to .9 of normal. As one Male to another considering you're White(Multi-Ethnic Multi-Cultural Multi-Religious Pan-European Euro-Asiatic Euro-Arabian(Perhaps) Descendant), and that you appear reasonably handsome(Non-Sexual), you however look tired if not overworked, honestly. Perhaps your intent in seriousness is perhaps a personal trait and if that being so, and your partner wife/husband being a better judge, maybe you can slow it down and look less stressed? May your endeavors and successes be achieved and recognized.
There seems to be a recurring theme, engineers warn management, management ignore engineers, disaster follows. It happened with the space shuttle as well.
And a poor lead-in.  Stockton Rush knew his 'Ps and Qs' - just chose to let hubris overtake them.
So they should
It just makes me angry and sad at first for the people that where left behind the mothers that lost sons, the womans that lost there husbands and for the brothers and sisters of all the dead, yea you can say they at least rich and when they got on the sub they should have knowen but its easy to say right now and yea they used a controller but thats nothing new the us military and other ``high tech`` companys also use controllers to controll drones and other bigger machines since years (the most are original and plugged in whit a cable but yea) and the secnd thing that makes me angry is that now because offt his accident it will take years until big companys put money in recearcing into carbin fiber used in deep sea sub and so on, because they are scared that people are not willing to use and even pay to dive whit such things even if they are tested for real this time. People like the driver and owner of oceangate think they have to do these things to bring our technologie faster into the future but they just do the oposite and make people scared off trying new things people need to understand that rushing doesnt help slow and steady wins the race.
I wish people gave the same coverage and energy to people without wealth or status.
An airliner is shot down by a Buk missile accidentally. - average news and media coverage. No one barely blinks an eye.   Some millionaires killed in a sub- worldwide panic and intrigue for months.  Our society is BROKEN.
Everyone who stepped foot in that thing knew what they were getting themselves into end of story
So you have yet to actually explain what the title says. Who is suing them? The only thing that you said was that "it's likely that the families will pursue litigation." That does not mean anyone is suing them. In fact one of the families of the deceased has dropped their lawsuit. Turns out OceanGate is NOT getting majorly sued. Stop clickbaiting. You have almost 3 million subscribers, do you really need views that bad? Shit is annoying...
Come on, whg befok a
Who are you?
He was in such a - rush. 😬
The adults on board had all the information available to come to the common sense conclusion that this was a death trap.  They made their choices.  However, Suleman Dawood was a young true innocent and his death was truly criminal.
This gives me the same vibe “Don’t look up” did. Rich people having too much control and choosing yes men forgetting that their money doesn’t protect them from everything.
Not Everyone is Smart! 1:52
WaterGate- OceanGate- wait a minute
Ocean Gate ended up like Heavens Gate
Very fitting name, are they also claiming that "they are not crooks?" 😅
came here a few days after watching the Real Engeniring video... how is that not negligence? they did made them sign a waver but they kinda did falsa advertising saying it was safe, when everyone knew it was not... this whole thing is just so stupid... getting untested materials, untested methods of production, in this modern world where people knows what fails and what goes well... he could have at least tested properly the vassel if he wanted to claim he was innovating... if they really they did not know that could happen, if regulations organizations had inspected it and tested it and said it was okay, they could say it was an accident, but they knew the submarine had so many problems... if they got loopholes, made people sign waivers, they even posted in their blog, they ABSOLUTELY KNEW what they were doing!
This whole thing really sucks. OceanGate was (is?) actually an important scientific group for researching and discovering marine life, and now they’ve lost all credibility. The unnecessary loss of life is horrible, the loss of Rush is a terrible blow to the scientific community, and the ultimate discrediting of OceanGate is a loss for humanity’s quest to understand our world. It just makes me angry that they put immediate financial gain over long-term intellectual good.
Billionaires suing billionaires for money insurance companies owned by other billionaires will pay out and up my rates to compensate themselves. 🙄
Even though the families of the other 4 passengers are already wealthy, I hope that they do sue this company.
Those families don’t have a leg to stand on. The deceased all signed 25 page waivers that mentioned death 7 times. Bottom line stop treating this gravesite like a playground
Who honestly has 25 minutes to listen to this?😂
Submerciful
I wanna know what the bodily remains looked like.  Morbid i know but its such a unique way to die the water pressure prolly literally turned them to fleshy red mush.
New to this channel. At first I thought John Krasinski was narrating.🙂
submersivle
Side question: Given the US banned the British from assisting with the rescue of the submersible, would the families have a case against the US Government? Given the Titanic is (was) a British registered ship that lies in international waters and some of the passengers were British, would the US even have exclusive rights on any rescue attempt (especially when the British Magellan could go deeper than the US were able to).  Would the waiver protect the US Government from liability if they were shown to block international rescue assistance?
"Bahhh what do all these hoity-toity 'experts' know? They just want to keep ordinary millionaires out of their special little elite exploring club! What could possibly go wro-"
The CEO bought into his own hype and got what he deserved. The passengers spent enough money to buy a small house or a couple REALLY nice cars on a frivolous excursion, apparently without doing any due diligence whatsoever... give them Darwin Awards and move on.
bruh I keep thinking youre Jim from the office from your thumbnail
The Brilliant segue was brutal
Imagine being one of the loved ones and seeing all of these videos showcasing all of the obvious red flags
Cameron talked in an interview about the reliability of the communications on a standard submersible. that he frequently made calls to his wife on deep ocean dives. and that a communications failure any time means a scrub of the mission.
Why is Jim treating the oceanographer poorly?
He compared his Tim can to the iPhone. The absolute unmitigated gall.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Be wary of the ideas and motivations of a person born from money.  Great people don't come from money, problems do.
I dont know why, but whenever i see ocean gate CEO i think of Micheal Scott
Imagine voting for Biden and NOT thinking this is what would happen to the world!
Was not expecting such a thorough review on where this is at. Really well made vid, thank you.
Impressive hair.
Stockton was good at finding loopholes but not designing submersibles, he was a putz
7:09 "if the trip had went ahead"  Why is a trained lawyer using improper grammar? "had went" isn't English. Had + past participle, folks. "if the trip had gone ahead".
so your telling me the waiver was more watertight then the sub....
Wait... Is this guy saying "submersiful"?
I was told that the ceo wanted younger energetic operators to pilot the sub, but the reality is that they couldnt get any veteran pilots for the sub because the vets didnt want to pilot such a flawed and dangerous submersible.😅
just watch, when we start having mass rocket ship travels to space, their gunna pull this same liability, and skimp out on all the safety measures and something is gunna go horribly wrong
They probably heard the cracking and lights out. Closed their eyes and waiting for the sharp metal to crush them in implosion. Wow like a plane crash.
Those risks of malfunction could have largely mitigated by following proper industry standards, arrogance and stupidity led to this incident, there was foreseeable harm
ryan reynolds lawyer
I'm not even an engineer, or a car person or a sub person or an aeronautics person and I even knew that carbon fiber was a bad idea for submersibles.
1:58 These risks cannot be eliminated, no. But mitigated? Hell YES. And that, IMO, is where Oceangate completely failed in their duties. At the same time, these passengers signed a waiver to hop in a completely unregulated & unapproved vessel, going to an extremely hazardous environment?! 👀 It's kind of a case of "Everybody sucks here", with all sympathy to the grieving families 😔
They SIGNED. They knew the dangers. They ignored ALL the warnings.
I just create short content about this yesterday. This really explain completely.  Its really mindboogling to see just how many neglect the company did.  The first thing i  wonder is "will the family sue the company?"
Jim Halpert.
To be fair, it worked fine until it didn't
Territorial waters extend to 12nm from the baseline. Is the 3 mile rule something specific to the US?
“And now they’ve joined the exclusive club they were so fascinated with” crazy
How can it be gross negligence if the owner also was on board?
It is fairly obvious they cut corners practically everywhere, just to make a buck
Sorry. Rush looks insane.
Sounds to me like Rush and Oceangate were ultimately undone by hubris. Whether that meets the required standard for recklessness and gross negligence in the US? I don't know. What I do know is that this litigation will be drawn out for years.
Well no shit they killed 5 people you’re serious rn right?!
I think the commenters covered everything already, but I've gotta say. That is one mighty fine tie, sir.
Waivers, as a lawyer once told me, are laughable. In order for them to be ironclad, they would have to be thousands of pages long. The waivers are meant to scare the average person to not sue. His suggestion was to sign the waivers and then if something were to happen, sue them
I know we need lawyers, but in this case lawyers that sue for people that signed a waiver, while engaging in something incredibly stupid and attempting to get money for it,  while  lining their own pockets in the process are what is wrong with the profession. We need to start telling stupid people to freaking bad.
Dude got the king of Darwin awards. Death.
Who are they suing? Ceo dead af💀
To me simply the fact that he was using a Bluetooth controller is more than enough to have him in jail. I don't even know what to say about that lol
Real Engineering youtube video has explored the questionable design choice for this submarine. it serves as great example on how regulation is mandatory for safety eventhough it has so many layers to it
That’s is so dump, the singed over there right to sue and none of them are alive to sue on there behalf for what the singed soooooo no one else should have the right too
Billionaire families suing for what?? The man responsible is Dead 💀 right aging with the rest of em
I think that knowing the window is going to burst open mere seconds before it happens is much more terrifying than just unexpectedly getting crushed.
Their actions surrounding the submersible, ie. Firing engineers and executives over safety concerns, lying to passengers about the safety of the submersible, having an 86% fail rate during testing, and still moving on with dives like nothing, wholly demonstrates that they knew their submersible was immensely dangerous and they did not care.
You are missing a lot of context in this. Under law only the UK and the US can grant permits to people wanting to visit the Titanic, and they only grant it to research vessels. It turns out OceanGate lied to US courts when applying for said permits, claiming the Titan was in fact a research vessel, and the tourist where researchers. The only thing keeping Rush from going to prison for this is the fact he was on the sub when it imploded.
I keep hearing people say "experts had concerns", but that's a false statement. The truth is that experts _knew_ this was going to end in disaster, and many of them said so. Stockton was clearly grossly negligent, to the point of wanton disregard of multiple expert opinions in favor of pursing whatever it was he was chasing.
“Five people accepted the risks” I heard the son was slightly dragged on there.
Why does he say, " any failure of the vessel while I am on board...."? Anyone have any idea what this means? It's odd wording and is definitely intentional, but it's driving me crazy as to why?
The wilder thing is that it has actually successfully made the trip before. This feels like it never should have worked ever, but it did. And that’s insane.
God, what an absolute mess
"Yeah bro, let's pay a quarter million dollars to get inside a tin can and dive 4 kilometers into the ocean with none safeguards whatsoever, what could possibly go wrong?" Human stupidity at its finest.
Also, the fact that oceangate defended   to not get a thrid party because SpaceX did is bonkers. SpaceX tested and prototyped many AUTONOMOUS crafts before certification and human flight.
I feel bad for some of the employees of OceanGate that are now going to have their names and resumes sullied forever. I think ultimately it was Stockton Rush who was at fault, not the individuals who were hired on to maintain his original idea. I hope that not every single person who was employed by OceanGate goes down with this ship (haha funny pun), because I don’t believe that all of them deserve it.
so convenient that they named the company with a "-gate" suffix. like we took "watergate" and begat all the other pizza gates, obamagates, etc.
Ryan Reynolds has to play this guy in the movie.
The main difference between the Titanic and ocean gates sub is that the ship was following all the safety regulations of its construction and passed all safety aspects before placed in active service.   Titanic was a sister ship of the Olympic, a ship that was already in service for a bit and that showed its resilience of the water tight compartments when HMS Hawck colided with her at the stern.   Now a days we see a lot of faults in the design, but a lot of the changes in design requirements where made because of the Titanic disaster such as the lengthening the hight of the water tight compartment, making a double hull implementation and obviously including sufficient life boats.   The disaster of the ship was a mix of crew negligence and coincidental effects that caused her to sink.   I get the comparison of the ship to the sub, but Titanic was based on a design that had proven its worth and worked, as well as being with in the regulations at the time and aproved by the ministries that upheld these regulations, she was given the green light to do active service while the sub wasn’t even given the change to be tested by experts.
it was struck by lightning??? im not religious or anything but id take that as a sign from god to NOT dive  again
There needs to be CRIMINAL charges filed against the lot of them, esp. the wife who also flew to London to inveigle the poor family onto that nightmare, which she certainly knew was a nightmare. She helped murder that poor kid.
"They're not clients, they're experts! And the money was a donation, you guys!" Is *the* scummiest thing I've heard in a while.
How can the waiver even be effective, is the people who signed it were maliciously told that it was safer than crossing the street?! That signature wss brought about fraudulently imo.
Who im their right mind wpuld sign such a waiver and continue after reading this?!
That waiver does NOT say that it was inherently dangerous and poorly designed. LIKELY to lead in death...also rush continually stated it eas completely safe and more dangerous getting in a car
alternative title: "Oceangate is in Deep Water"
It got HIT BY LIGHTNING??? They heard CRACKING NOISES IN AN EARLIER DIVE????? ☠️
We got one button that’s it literally sounds like something Patrick from SpongeBob would say
I know this is a silly question to ask as it's relevance to the video is next to none, but I am an educator and I currently use IXL a lot to assist my students. It is absolutely amazing for math and ELA, but I haven't touched it much for science. I do love how hands on Brilliant appears to be and it may be a good addition to my tool belt I use to help kids learn. Does anyone use Brilliant and if so can you give me your opinions on it? Thank you!
14:39 "The system ran on Bluetooth"  Which is a wireless frequency running in the same frequency range as WiFi. While protocol is different. It doesn't change the point presented. This is similar to if he refuted the "talking to a black box" by saying "Nuh uh! It's actually red!"
Can I just mention SpaceX' idea to use carbon fiber for their then called BFG but switched it with their own steel before it left the papers specifically because of the problems stated in the video.  That was more than 5 years ago... I don't see a bigger red flag than one of the biggest innovators in pressured vehicles writing a material off before even testing it.....
The two main materials used , carbon fiber and the titanium cap ends were glued together , a video showing this in their building of the craft is head scratching , Mr Rush describing it in an interview live on its lathering of the glue . Glue cracks , carbon fiber cracks , Mr Rush was smoking crack . May all RIP , it’s their loved ones that are now the suffering in review .
I can't stop watching videos about this Titan submersible.. It's scary, i like it
Hard to believe an educated man, a lawyer no less, would use "had went" in a sentence.
IMO, the group letter is probably the most damning thing. As an engineer, if a group of outside subject matter experts that don't have the full knowledge of all the shortcuts taken are formally warning you that your conduct is creating a dangerous situation, it is grossly negligent to continue said conduct.  That kind of stuff happens if that group has a personal interest, like they're auditors, business partners, or employees...but the fact that this letter exists from people with no stake in the company means that Rush had been given red flags from the industry, red flags from his employees, and red flags from customers....and still given it the green light. The company will likely lose everything. The real question is whether Rush will be held liable for reckless endangerment, in which case his personal estate will go the same way.
From a BBC article on the incident-  “Experts have questioned the safety of Titan and how private sector deep-sea expeditions are regulated. Concerns have been raised over the Titan's experimental design and the carbon fibre material used to build it. More than three dozen industry leaders and experts even signed a 2018 letter to Mr Rush that warned OceanGate's approach could lead to "catastrophic" problems”  “The industry has been trying for several years to get Stockton Rush to halt his programme for two reasons," said Rob McCallum, a specialist who runs his own ocean expedition company, told the BBC on Friday. "One is that carbon fibre is not an acceptable material," he said. "The other is that this was the only submersible in the world doing commercial work that was unclassed. It was not certified by an independent agency."  Why this dude Stockton Rush wasn’t already under investigation by some governing body that regulates the safety of ocean going submersibles is unfathomable. Rob McCallum was even threatened by lawyers for Rush and Oceangate if he went public with these safety concerns.  Rush should’ve been arrested and charged for just attempting to sell tickets to tour the wreckage of the Titanic aboard an experimental and uncertified vessel.
Ironic they named the submersible Titan.  They were trying to cash in on the name Titanic.   But Titan was also the name of a fictional ship from the 1898 novel Futility by Morgan Robertson.   The novel mirrors the Titanic disaster and it was written over a decade before it occurred.
The amount of people talking about this submarine is unbelievable. It’s not that big of a deal 🤔🤔
It’s α tragedy that people died here, but other than the kid, I don’t have much sympathy for the passengers. I don’t feel much guilt at laughing at Rush’s very “OOOOOH you just don’t UNDERSTAND my GENIUS” attitude, or the other three being willing to jump in α sealed tin can, made by α company which proudly espoused how they never got their shit tested.
Waivers won't cover for gross negligence.
All the people who died in the sinking of the titanic would be turning in their grave if they could see this ocean gate disaster. 😫
He found two loopholes, but it was the hull hole that caught him.
This case is the definition of gross negligence.
Humanity has done great things, some still seem to be unbelievable but are real, this was none of it. This was a suicidal idea that took lives because of someone’s ego. Even after all those years, people still lose their lives to the titanic. I know this might sound macabre but at least Nargeolet died seeing/ being close to the Titanic one last time. I’m sorry for all the friends and family members of the decided
Why does this guy look like an AI Generated human being??
The technology is so painfully primitive, Stockton rush was nothing but delusional
They are getting sued, yet you earn 6k plus profiting off the disaster
Some morons who rode on previous trips stated it's not that bad that we're overhyping the risks...they were just fine.  This is like running across a busy highway and saying since you didn't get hit, it was a good idea.
The statement "Titanic was unsinkable" is a myth. Based on every previous accident resulting in the loss of one of their ships, Harland and Wolff made every step to ensure the Olympic and her ill-fated sisters were as safe as could be made practical.   The watertight doors between the Titanic's compartments had three systems in place: a hand crank right next to the door; an electrical switch activated by the bridge which released the clutches on all the doors at once; and a float beneath the floor which, when triggered, opened the door clutches and let the doors on either end of the breached compartment slam shut.  The bulkheads themselves were safety-designed, too. Every ship H&W lost to sinking did so after only 2 or 3 compartments breached, and water spilled over the tops into subsequent compartments. Titanic's bulkheads reached E deck, which was well above the waterline, so she could survive as many as 4 consecutive breaches and remain afloat. Ironic that the very thing her builders tried to avoid ended up happening to Titanic. As the bulkheads were overwhelmed, water spilled over the tops into subsequent compartments.  Titanic was also fitted with a double bottom, which was based on centuries of groundings. Often groundings resulted in sinking.  While Titanic's 20 lifeboats were above what the BBoT required, H&W had plans for Titanic to carry as many as 48 on her Welin davits. However, because attitudes at the time shifted to ships being their own lifeboat, it unfortunately meant the Titanic disaster triggered the BoT regulations update.
7:08 Gah! "had gone ahead", not "had went ahead"! I expect better from a legal eagle!
Titanic limited liability? Baloney. The White Star Line was very well connected - period.....just like the owner of the WTC collecting from the inside job of 911. Legal mumbo jumbo folks.
Regardless of jurisdiction, what if Ocean's Gate declares bankruptcy?  A filing of bankruptcy normally puts an automatic stay on any pending litigation.  The CEO's estate could theoretically be sued, but even then it's questionable since personal assets are separate from the LLC.  At least in the US   I am not an attorney. So someone would have more knowledge of this than I.
Well it's know in some real deep water...
MrBeast was supposed to be on the sub as well, pretty scary and glad he didn't take the trip last minute
Such an entertaining and great video. Keep it up!
I love when a lawyer tells me about brilliant how ironic 😂. Great vid 👍.
One thing I learned about the system, you can sue and win anything, just not all the time.
If this goes to trial (highly doubt), then imagine famed director James Cameron being called as an expert witness to the sheer tomfoolery of Oceangate.
Would it be willfull deceit if it can be proven they used the NASA name to give passengers a confidence they otherwise would not have?
It was a death trap and its owner did little to nothing to keep passengers safe.
A simple intuition pump is useful here: if I stood by a cliff charging people $10 to jump off it (a la Mitchell & Webb sketch), and made people sign a waiver acknowledging that it may result in death, would I be running a legal business? No.
I've gone tandom skydiving many times. And the waiver says I might die on nearly every page. So I dont think that stipulation is unusual for extreme things.
5 arrogant rich people are dead.  Oh well.
The end was crazy. Everything leading up to it was shady THEN they decide to operate in waters outside of everyones jurisdictions??? Like excuse me? RED FLAG
It seems to be largely irrelevant. Their submersible is dead and smeared with the remains of their customers. The intellectual property is clearly flawed, The guy running it is dead. Their operating methods are clearly outrageous. The company is going down like a lead balloon and the only question remaining is where any remaining cash goes. Given that they were offering cut-price trips down to the pit of death, that remaining cash might not be much.
safer than walking across the street , lol
The company firing an engineer in 2018, that brought up major safety issues, should have been the only red flag needed to not get into that carbon fiber coffin.  The CEO admitted that he chose young, inexperienced people because they weren't old and white, and were "inspirational" to younger generations.
rush misrepresented the abilities of his homemade sub....and the waiver doesn't release the company from it's duty many of rush's video taped comments show willful misconduct
How can anyone consider suing an entity that is no longer trading, the principal is dead, there was almost certainly no liability insurance and the major asset has all but disappeared. Everything you are saying is meaningless and there is no evidence any interested parties are proceeding with this.
I smell a heapin' helpin' of fraud, as well -- and no release will protect from that. When you do things like claim that your customers are employees, to avoid regulation, that's not just a clever way to get around "red tape". But unless Rush was filthy rich or had incredibly huge insurage coverage, it's all just talk.
I was wondering if you would make a video on the OceanGate incident so it was fascinating to hear your take on it. Just feel sorry for Rush's wife who has to mourn amid all the media speculation and legal knife-sharpening.
Nice tie, looks expensive
I love the channel !
250k
Literally everyone was telling them no. Smh costs lives as well as his own.
The best thing the CEO did was going down with the Sub , I don’t think his pride would have handle all these scandals
That man was a crook and a scammer.
The joy stick isn’t my problem. It’s the fact that the plexiglass wasn’t rated for 2 miles. The carbon fiber wasn’t proven either. Steel and titanium are used by the majority of submersible builders for a reason. I’m a lawyer. “It’s unsinkable” is a horrible look. Not springing for the right plexiglass is horrible. The communication failed. James Cameron also cautioned him. It was not even safe to 1300 meters. Assumption of the risk is the standard. Gross negligence might get over that but I doubt it. That snowboard decision is not the norm. You assume the risk. The engineers of the cyclops disowned this thing. Airplane carbon filters are great. Also tanks of gas. But outside pressure, no. Recreational Diving in the sea is not an activity that is covered by the act. IMO.
"They aren't tourists if you call them Mission Specialists" is so similar to "They aren't employees if you call them contractors."
That clip from real Engineering was referring to the hull and not the window. The stress strain curve in the first frame says carbon fiber reinforced plastic at the top, referring to the material of the hull.
I saw an interview with one passenger who helped test the sub in the Bahamas. Rush let him drive, and he said you could hear cracking sounds at depth, and you could direct the sub to deeper waters by the increase in intensity of the cracking sounds alone.
Waiver, but still getting a suit? Aren't waivers a thing to avoid legal issues in situations like this?  Edit: Gross negligence indeed.
You simply could not pay me to get on board a vessel that is controlled by a, and I will stress this part, a WIRELESS controller. Game controllers are fine but have them wired to avoid a needless risk ie losing connection or running out of batteries. Things like off the shelf parts bodged together or hand written labels explaining what valves do are just extra red flags. Then there’s the construction of the vessel. Hard pass on carbon fibre for resisting tremendous pressure. Sure it’s strong but it’s also prone to catastrophic structural failure when it does go. Anyway. At least the souls aboard did not suffer for long.
This will be an empty judgement
And they actually signed that thing?  Not me.
What about the minor? Did the parent also on board sign for them as well?
the thing that pisses me off the most is that the father of that kid read the waver and STILL allowed his son to board the vessel. he killed his own son out of pure negligence and greed. what a pathetic excuse of a father
My dad had worked crash fire rescue for the marine corp. checking planes after each test flight is similar to testing submersibles. What they didn’t do after each dive is check for micro fissures (micro cracks or cuts in the hull), which is standard for submersibles and planes
What if this was done to fake everyones death not that am saying that what happened but my imagination is like bro thats how you'd fake 5 people's death at once so easily and the way they died was so stupid non the less The lesson here should be don't ride with someone who doesn't take responsibility for their passsengers
i think the owner of the ocean gate sub , knows that his submarine is sub par , because a working safe submarine is just to boring for him to make feel like a “captain” he wants to feel the “adventure” and it gives him a hard on
From this moment, entrepreneurs need to stop putting 'Gate' in the name of their company, establishment, or product.
I love that they had the prescience to call themselves SomethingGate.
The compartment was a cylinder shape. You don’t even need to be an engineer to know that a cylinder does not withstand pressure well at all. Have you ever tried squeezing a soda can?
They signed a paper... Why are there even people arguing about any of this then? Case closed.
Contract:”u could die doing this” Them:”sign me up☺️”
What about the countries whose taxpayers funded everything that happened after?
The fact that all this information about the sub being trash was and still is so easily available and accessible by those who signed that waving, I feel, it was gross negligence on their part signing it! They signed that liability release knowing what they were about to get into. As much as I'd like OceanGate to go down, these people have no ground.
we dont know the truth of how 19yo really felt bout going!!
I'd be curious to see oceangates liability insurance policy and premiums
Just such a creepy scenario....  squeezed in a fraction of a second into mashes potatoes with gravy
Duh….
lol why am i hearing about a diving incident while doing my online course for diving 😭😭
OceanGate "partnered" with Boeing like I "partner" with Selena Gomez.
They repackaged a cruise as an obvy-super-dangerous-extreme-tourism and that made it even more attracted to certain types of very wealthy people.  But despite signing a waiver, it's still illegal to take passengers on an un-classed submarine craft.  They classified them all as "mission specialists" on paper.  But that doesn't make it legal since they were obviously not, in fact, mission specialists, having paid $250,000 and most of them had no actual mission value.
I sure wish they had no standing to sue.  They knowingly put themselves in danger and actually made a HUGE effort to go out of their way to do so ($250k).  If I ride my bike down a steep hill and into a tree, should I be able to sue?  Nope.  But did I take as major a risk as these people?  No way!  These people going to insane depths in an experimental craft are taking an INSANE risk.  In fact, their assumed risk is so much greater that you'd think I'd have better standing to sue hitting a tree then them going down to 6,000 psi pressure.  Now if Rush had murdered them, then ok.  But he didn't, so they shouldn't have a case.  They rolled the dice and lost.  You don't sue a casino when you lose.  This is "after the fact whining" and I hate it.  Own up to your decisions and live (or die) with the consequences.
The part about the real time sonar that was supposed to notify someone of any defects in the hull were detected, is just mindless to me. It’s carbon fiber under tremendously high pressure. Once it goes, it’s over. There is no detecting it, aborting, and resurfacing. I dunno. The warning system is so silly to me.
Question - wouldn't Oceangates claims of other notable companies or organizations affect the validity of the waiver? They claimed they were involved with groups like NASA, Boeing, that one university and so on. Isn't it possible such claims mislead people into signing the waiver in the first place? They believed they were boarding a submersible that was engineered soundly, and it was not?
It was about as waterproof as the 1st iphone too
Those people went willingly. 🤷🏻‍♀️
OCEANGATE WAS A FITTING NAME AFTER ALL
"And that's really just the tip of the iceberg"   This is why I come to this channel, thank you Mr. Eagle
They should plea affluenza
And there was gross negligence so the waiver is void
Even if they don't get sued, who in their right mind would use OceanGate after that, knowing it's a trashcan?
Not a single person has mentioned their black box which it did have and they had inside cameras
How can they be sued they signed wavers and knew the risks
Although what happened must be terrible for the families the contract basically acknowledged the sub was experimental, and it's not like Stockton didn't die as well. I do see a huge issue with him claiming it was a joint effort with Boeing, NASA and the university when in fact it was not. What a poop show.
You mention there's a significant difference between the risk language in the waiver and the CEO's comments.  Isn't this just puffery?  Just because a car salesman promises me a sweet deal, it doesn't mean the contract will say the same thing.
solid work counselor!
"Who could have possibly foreseen something going wrong with the titan sub?" How about every single individual with a lick of sense and a basic understanding of engineering. Or who took the time to listen to what the CEO himself said, like bragging about how the sub was not inspected or certified as safe by any kind of safety standard what so ever, or all the rules on safe sub construction he was deliberately breaking for the sake of "innovation".
If he had built a real submarine with real effort and by some unfortunate accident everyone died I would sad  But the guy was just a scammer trying to get people money, didn’t care about safety at all, so I am just angry
Did I just saw a Windows 10 logo..
i mean people might get mad if their beloved ones gets ended by a Logitech controller.
Please actually do some research when talking about something historical like titanic, white star line did not brag that the titanic was unsinkable, the titanic was advertised on its luxury rather than safety despite that it was still one of the safest ships afloat at the time. As the bulkheads this was not a design flaw or oversight it’s simply how the ship need to be designed to accommodate cabins and the ship could survive with 4 compartments flooded what happened to titanic was not negligence, it was just plain bad luck. The Titanic was arguably the safest ship afloat at the time.
They knew what they were getting into.
But the guy who was responsible for the building of the sub(the billionaire who died inside the sub) didn’t prioritize safety… it’s kinda his own damn fault and fits the bill of responsibility for not only his own death but the people who died with him.
What I want to know is if you say that you are agreeing to sign under the jurisdiction of the Bahamas, does that not matter because you are in the United States and that trumps over your written agreement? Can I just say that I'm gonna be governed by this thing under I don't know say, Japanese law, while living in New York?
I ask myself if I would check the brakes of the tour bus before getting on.  Or do I assume a level of professionalism from the tour bus owners?
"Innovation" is no excuse to ignoring "Safety".
Lesson to be learned, not all laws, restrictions, and regulations are in place to "control you" some of them, if not most of them truly are there to protect you and others.
There's zero chance the waiver will hold up. There's so much obvious evidence that Ocean Gate and Rush willfully ignored common industry safety practices, and intentionally misrepresented the risks to their passengers with his verbal statements to them. It meets the definition of gross negligence, hands down.
Seems to me like Stockton focused more on getting around the rules, standards and regulations typically followed to run a submersible at the expense of real world safety. Just piles and piles and piles of warnings along the way and he actively dodged all of them to remain legally green-lighted to run the sub. It's like he didn't stop to understand why these rules existed, just wanted to "stick it to the man" and put his middle finger up to the rules and do things his own way... cost him and 4 others their life.
I just hate the ‘where there is, there is claim’ culture. Those people understood the risk, and still went ahead. Unless there is gross negligence, ie they were hiding something, then while tragic, they chose to do it.
I have seen many videos about the engineering, but this video clearly explaining how they did everything they could to circumvent rules and regulations... This is insane. This is criminal.
Thats a red tail hawk call not an eagle
I saw the real engineering video already :)
has this guy actually passed the bar?
Alright. Who sunk the sub to distract the public from another big issue?🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨 im all for jumping to conclusions. Aliens. Or short nosed bears. Bears are pretty cool. Better than ☠️ at the bottom of the ocean imo.
Red flag for me is Section 2 of the contract. Especially words and phrases like "experimental" "not approved or certified" "may be constructed" "have not been widely used"..  No, thank you.
The bulkheads weren’t the only issue. The Steel of the titanic wasn’t properly “prepared” and it caused it to be extremely brittle due to the below freezing temperatures in the Atlantic so even the smallest fracture would have caused the hull to essentially shatter like glass.  They knew they would be sailing through an ice-field. They were traveling 20.5 knots when they should have been going maybe 2 or 3. They were trying to catch up to/beat a sister ship, the Olympia. They ignored multiple warnings in that regard.  They removed multiple lifeboats and preservers from the top deck because they “didn’t want to obscure the view” of their high-class passengers, or make them worry that they may have been needed.  There were mistakes upon mistakes upon mistakes. The Titan was scarily similar in how ego and neglect can cause a stupid amount of needed safety to be ignored. It killed thousands once. It shouldn’t have killed any more.
The Titan aint no Submarine 😂
How could anyone SUE this sub? they signed a million papers SAYING IT WAS A DEATH TRAP!! they have NO CASE TO SUE lol they wanted to die.
History repeats itself, and ego and pride will always lead to negligence.
My first thought was "certainly there's an argument for 'gross negligence'" after I had heard about the story.  My wife and I are both mechanical engineers and both of us were immediately concerned and apalled that he would use carbon fiber.  We were both relieved that at least one engineer tried to whistle blow on the design flaw and gross safety risk.  All his actions sure stink of maliciously lying over the capabilities of the sub.
Ask any airline how much damage lightning can do to a composite structure. I wonder if this was addressed after the strike?
I get waivers and all that, but sometimes a company needs to be a lesson on why we have regulations and rules.
Jurassic Park in real life.
Hubris kills the ego.
So they know it's dangerous and they signed the waiver PERIOD. End of Life End of Story. BYE
Great video, but God, you’re so handsome, sir.
Amazed that they put more effort into the contract being watertight than the sub
Ryan reynolds is looking rough these days.
think of Carbon Fiber as a ballon made of cloth... easy to squash but not easy to inflate
Quarter of a million submersible ride to your demise, or go for a nice walk at a national park for free. The choice is yours
Thin lips mean someone is a tightwad  .His lips are non existent . He cut corners that resulted in  devastating consequences .
Jim from the office looks older!
The part about this whole thing that bothers me the most is that tool will never be held accountable for his hubris and arrogance. "Oh but he's dead! That's a big consequence!" He could've been dragged through the media mud, sued into oblivion, and branded a murderer by carelessness. Could've lost his reputation, his company, friends and family, everything. Yes, he lost his life. But he kinda got off scott free because, being dead, he doesn't have to deal with the fallout. Sometimes death isn't the ultimate punishment.
The only thing you need to know about this is their insistence that everyone talking or reporting about this (or even the participants themselves) had to refer to themselves as “mission specialists” rather than customers because if it became clear that they were in actual fact, transporting members of the public or, - “Customers(!!)” they then would be much more subject to consumer law.   Rush told lies. He said they worked with Boeing as partners. They didn’t.  He claimed all sorts of relationships with Uni Washington, NASA etc which were massively downplayed by these respective orgs.   This is all really sad. Richard Feynman was right: Nature cannot be fooled
Left coast company. They passed over many many veterans of the navy, submariners and engineers from all branches because they were “old and white”.  Diversity strikes again!
This episode has everything!  Except a LegalSeaEagle. Excellent expert excerpts, but no LegalSeaEagle...is out there somewhere...🦅
I swear you keep saying "submerciful" instead of "submersible. Maybe its just my headphones 😂
Unfair contracts terms act excludes death or serious injury.
OceanGrave
When you make a kit car you don’t care it looks fake just that it was complete lol hold on it’s a death trap 🪤
They glued the pieces together. Glue.
We could see something wrong was with the sub  The creator did
So, what you're saying is: "It's complicated". Really complicated.  Thank you for this comprehensive analysis 🙏
I don't believe the WAIVERi will hold.  It was presented very deceptively from the 'git go'. And that presentation all by itself can burst these CASES wide open. TIME WILL TELL, IT ALWAYS DOES!
New level of horror: everyone is still distracted by the submarine the media/algorithm is doing a great job of pushing down far more important news but everyone is blindly discussing the submarine like good job guys you're all 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑
Who could've seen things going wrong with the Titan sub? Anyone with common sense. So a bunch of wealthy idiots who thought they were too rich to die made a really stupid decision and won a stupid prize.
They signed the waiver, not a chance they should be able to sue
People give James Cameron shit for speaking about the matter, but don’t realize he’s like, a straight up subject expert.
They knew what they were getting into. Super rich doing extreme expensive tourism. They literally signed their lives away. I see no liability of the company. Especially when they knew it wasn’t certified.
All this will do is increase the amount of documentation required by people want the legal right to die of misadventure. Of course as usual the Lawyers get to sell more product.
the titanic has sunk 3 times now if you include the book. So can we all now agree to never name any sea vessel that again? "Oceangate" wasn't a giant red flag or anything either.
I thought Oceangate was a play on Watergate, it's actually the name of the company.  It's almost like they were asking for an incident to happen.
Rich families get to sue and get richer because their family member decided to do this dumb shit
It honestly won't matter if they get sued, and neither will the outcome. OceanGate will be drained and bankrupt ages before any of the victims' families can be given a cent. They won't get a dime. Unless you're rooting for a specific lawyer's payday, there will be no compensation or justice here.
MAJORLY....is not a word I'd expect to hear coming from the mouth (or pen) of any professional seeking to establish his or her credentials as being worthy to receive my money.
Why when I close my eyes do you sound like Phillip DeFranco?
Rush had no right to call himself an innovator. An innovator is the kind of person who would say, "You say that the sub needs to survive a depth of 4000 meters? Screw you, I'm gonna build a sub that has no trouble hitting 8000 meters!" All Rush cared about was making something quickly and cheaply so he could hurry up and start charging people for dives.
OceanGateGate
CEO had a death wish
You can sue them but won’t bring shit back
Their CEO was an absolute moron
If something is not certified, don't go in it!
Love the Real Engineering plug! Their content is honestly super insightful and anyone who goes to see there video of the titan, get ready for the rabbit hole you're about to fall down! It's great stuff
I think what's really going to sink whatever's left of OceanGate is the fact that they knowingly used a porthole window which was only rated to 1,700 meters down to a depth of 4,000 meters, while never telling the passengers that it was only rated for 1,700 meters.  Regardless of whether or not it caused the implosion, it shows a pattern of gross negligence.
The california court changing the law to keep that dive firm accountable overnight is actually my favourite part of this video haha
Anyone who went on this POS was a fool in the first degree
in the words of Saruman the White, They Delved Too Deep and Too Greedily.
Og has assets!?
I’ve not gone beyond looking at the 2003 Bill but I think it became Bahamian law in The Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Act 2006.  Schedule 3 of said Bill (if it made it into statute) would specifically have made OceanGate’s waivers unlawful. This would not surprise me as in England the relevant laws are quite clear - you cannot avoid liability, despite any waivers, if you behave negligently. Such waivers are automatically unfair. This is radically different from the American concept of proving gross negligence before a waiver can be set aside. The whole thrust of this piece and indeed OceanGate’s attitude seems to be that the world follows American practice in terms of liability.  Choosing Bahamian law as the jurisdiction for any lawsuit seems to come from the practice of using a “flag of convenience” in merchant shipping in order to avoid more stringent employment and safety regulations.  However, the passengers on this submersible were consumers of a service provided by OceanGate and, if I am correct, the waivers they signed were automatically unfair.
0:24 THATS WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE INSIDE? How did anyone think this would work?
Well, at least the owner can't continue down this path of destruction pulling niaveties along with him. Sad as that is, his common sense and care just wasn't there, and he paid for that too. How can you have a waiver saying death death death but then tell people it's safer than crossing the street. Good lesson for everyone to be more scrutinizing of salesman when their lives are on the line. Research!
5:06 how is 6000 PSI equivalent to "2 tons at depth" here? My back of the envelope math says it's 3 tons per square inch.. if the window is 20 inches across, over 900 tons on the whole window (10 in. squared times 3 tons/sq. in. times pi. Or about 235 tons if it was 10 inches across). Is there a typo in the script, or am I misunderstanding the measurement here?
"Oh yeah, I'm definitely an outlier." Well. Now you're dead. That's probably why you were an outlier and the others are still with their families and friends.
First water gate then Star Gate a late 90s move. and now OceanGate
Is ryan reynold a lawyer now?
Don’t bring Camping World into this…
Bury OceanGate in the ground. Worthless bastards fired anyone who told them their submarine wasn't safe
Was.  The.  Mini-sub.  Legally.  Registered.  As.  A.  Maritime.  Vessel.  That.  Passed.  Inspection.  In.  The.  Bahamas?  if not, the waiver is utterly invalid to try to declare Bahamian legal existence.
Random question: I noticed that if you try to google name+lawsuit, that google autofill/suggestions will immediately stop the moment you write 'laws'. Even for people who have been dead for a while like Elton John and Michael Jackson or alias such as 'The Rock'.  Just wondering why this is the case. Is this just a way for Google to avoid troubles?
One button 💀
Why is this shit still popping up in my recommendations? I watched one video about a bunch of rich people doing rich people things and dying in the process, found it entertaining but i don’t care about it anymore. I have blocked countless channels posting videos about it and still they pop up.
They are done for because they mess up with rich people. If the people inside were poor the story would be different.
Good luck with that. OceanGate assets probably amount to an office chair, a desk from Ikea, and some old out of date snacks in the vending machine.
Stockton rush? For real? That’s amazing.
I think Mr.Rush needed less STEM knowledge and a clearer grasp of "How To Tell When You Are Probably Lying".
I know. Such a surprise that a billionaire’s lawyers could get around a liability waiver.
Even Rush is gone, what's the point of all this.
OceanGate needs to lose all of its money immediately and have its assets divided among the families of the dead... except for Stockton Rush's family obviously.
No-one has the legal right to kill anyone and that guy Stockton Rush must have been out of his mind to believe an signature on an document would give him that right and release him from any liability...mind you with his off-the-shelf parts and complete disregard in fact contempt for industries standards then its clear this man Rush was certainly not of sound mind..An mad man driven by greed and greed alone killed himself and several others and that for its motive is nothing short of murder gross negligence this firm should face the harshest and most severe of legal penalties...decades in prison and for the lot of them..!!
I forgot it was called “oceangate” and thought that just meant some wack right wing conspiracy
Interesting "I understand that such risks can't be eliminated from any operations". That is very interesting in the sense that it implies that all risks that can be eliminated have been eliminated, which was not true at all.
This thing was literally struck by lightning if that's not a sign by god idk what is
Can't half of these arguments be made on the other side as well though to demonstrate that the passengers would have known the risks and accepted them in signing the waiver? They were billionaires and directors and owners of companies who engaged in equally dodgy practices and would have know what to be looking into.
2.9M views for 2.9M subscribers. Nice
Rush absolutely deserved the death he got. The others didn’t. My hearts go out their families but Rush gets no sympathy here.
Rush thought he was still playing with toys in the bathtub.
Submersible.
I to can lion at the titanic AND save $250000 AND still live
That idiot thought he was so much smarter than everyone
The whole comms system ran on bluetooth  I wouldn't trust bluetooth to do anything it's notoriously unreliable
Good luck suing an LLC with virtually no assets, an iron clad waiver and a dead CEO.
this comment is for the people that think the company name is foreshadowing: go to the USPTO TESS copyright database and type in the word 'gate'...
Who FORGOT TOO CHARGED UP THE GAME CONTROLLER 😈.
Frankly, the factor the captain went down with the ship I'd feel that'd make the lawsuit even tougher as he clearly believed in his product and quite literally staked his life on it.   It's tragic and sad as it does still seem like this was avoidable with a bit more competence.
The worst part of this is that Rush isn't alive to face the consequences of his actions.
Waivers can't protect a company, essentially killed a multi million father and son. I think it will be shut down directly or indirectly.
The where stupid and should have no right for family to sue. They where just as reckless agreeing
ON THE WAVER %-4- STATES THAT THE SUBMERSIBLE, SAYS NOT MEANT FOR HUMANS, IT WAS ONLY MENT TO BE A NOTHER UNDER WATER DRONE. .?????.
Good. They need to go out of business and this needs to be a very clear message to other companies.
Logitech the only people coming out of this w a good reputation
Considering all the legally dubious stuff OceanGate was doing, and the legal trickery they tried to pull by reclassifying passengers as "mission specialists," using the Limitation Act of 1851 sounds more like continued legal trickery than an actual defense strategy against payments.
I don’t think the waiver will hold up.
Glad you covered this. I was like how is there no lawsuit yet. Like yea I'm aware they signed a waiver but that's under false pretense, that the sub was safe and up to code, which opens OceanGate to liability.
4:21 I see what you did there 😏
Safe and effective!
OceanGate was a disaster waiting to happen. From previous clients who spoke out against them to them firing good employees who speak out about safety concerns.
The people chose to gamble with their lives just trying to go that deep in the first place. The entire thing wasn't safe to begin with. Now whether they were aware of the true danger they were in... that could be another story but that's their own fault for getting inside the sub.
Those documents waivers are useless in court
I think the first design flaw is its complexity. The more complex the design the more room for errors there are going to be in it. They should have just went with an ultra simple design like a cigar shaped tube made of steel just like a military submarine for example. This abomination they went down in looks like something from a science fiction movie.
The whole legal process following this accident is going to intrigue us for years.  Outside of that, I would like to think that this accident will cause some major changes across the other companies operating in a similar manner, and that the people signing up are going to start demanding higher safety standards compliance.
I used to work in a youth camp giving horseback rides, you have to sign a waiver because often the customer’s actions are often the cause of an incident ( our director is thorough in vetting animals and instructors ) and our district has laws in place specifically protecting horse riding because at the end of the day you never have full control of a horse….. still doesn’t stop people for collecting there free money……
All their legal maneuvers WILL NOT shield them from liability.  Willful negligence will be their downfall in court.
im glad this idiot went down with his mistake i hope oceangate goes down aswell
Piece of junk going deep down the ocean basically
James Camaron is potentially sitting on yet another blockbuster smash Titan - Sequel to Titanic! You can't make this sub up!
It's all very unfortunate but because the waiver exists and it was signed by all participants there really is no good reason to sue them, by doing so they would only be hurting more people who were just doing their jobs. Plus rush was the ceo and he's dead now. Personally I think they should refund the family's and then sell off all remaining gear and research and give all the employees severence checks. They obviously still have a lot of investigations going on so who knows what will happen at this time but billionaires being given more money to cope with loss is not going to help anyone move on. That's just my thoughts on this situation.
that's why none needs these blood sucking lawyers, you get told something correctly, you accept it, you sign it, and you will still have the suckers at hand, negligence: he even proved it by going there himself, so everybody will get sued for anything, since going out of the house might considered to be dangerous
The IMPALICATION  that things might go wrong for her if she refuses to sleep with me, Not that things are going to go wrong for her but she's thinkin' it will
LegalEagle, are you saying that if I click on the brilliant link and get a subscription, it will entitle me to having your law firm represent me in a trial for up to 30 days?
Obligatory mention of The Wreck of The Titan, a book written before the Titanic sunk, which was about a large ship sinking.  The author had plenty of experience as a sailor, so he simply guessed what could happen. He made a good guess...  I think Titan is a bad name for anything ocean related at this point.
Horrible!!! Now the ocean will be our last frontier because of one jackass.
The tragedy is that this arrogant moron took four others out with him, but no one should care that he was pulverized into plasma.
ocean gate = distraction
All the people who died were rich as hell. Why would their family waste their time suing for maybe a few million
He looks like the son of, famous Scottish lawyer, Donald Findlay.
People keep talking about the controller and that's most likely the only thing that worked on that sub
Why what happened?
No shit...
Honestly ppl need to just move on, it was a shitty built sub that imploded , get over it
Whenever I hear "bullish" I automatically translate to "stubborn asshole". Welp, got proven right again.
Anyone else find it odd that the guys name is Stock Rush, his company is named OceanGate and their submersible is named Titan? And that something happens where you can't find bodies? And you have a massive underwater noise that day you can conveniently attribute to this accident.
Didn't Titanic sank cuz capetan tried to beat time of travel, ocean gate was also going faster than its build for
Stockton "Rush".
Just the name of the craft itself, Titan, was an omen to all. Afterall, what was the name of the fictitious luxury liner in the book that came out in 1898 and had nearly the exact same specs as the Titanic and met the same fate? The Titan.
I'm definitely not a lawyer but I think gross negligence won't be that hard to prove. Seems OceanGate cut every corner possible.
How ironic that the sub was called titan lmfao
Oceangate needs to be sued.  I believe there is enough evidence to charge Oceangate with murder.
Thumbnail of John Krasinski  From The Office, lol
Legal Eagle I gotta say that is an incredible tie
The button means die probably
This is news? Everyone is suing trashgate
Regardless of the outcome, I hope the families feel some sense of justice knowing that Stockton Rush was killed as well. The world is safer with that man dead.
“Expose them to death” is such a wild statement.. it’s correctly incorrect.😂
How when it was the owners idea
Honestly i wish stockton survived just so that he could face the consequences personally
As soon as I saw that playstation controller I would have been like.. that's ok you go, I'll stay.
4:20 Haha, get it? iceberg?
is majorly a legal term
““Majorly,” meaning “very, extremely” is slang, and should not be used in formal writing, or even speech if you want to impress someone.”  I’m not familiar with your channel, but you’re obviously intelligent and articulate.  Perhaps this is an inside joke?  I can see how your video title might be great for the YT algorithm, despite the cringe.  Sorry to criticize, but YT keeps showing this to me, so here I am.  Have a great day.
If he spent half as much as he did on lawyers trying to find loopholes, and spent it on the sub, he probably could’ve built a safe sub.
EGO is a hellava drug
Yet again, people's lack of accountability is abound in the comments - OceanGate were as transparent as transparent can be, admitted they cut corners, told you the craft was experimental and unregulated, and told you there was a real chance you would die in it. Yes, they were grossly negligent, but make no mistake - everybody on board knew precisely what they were getting into, and instead of suing for money, the families need to be attempting to reconcile their loved ones' decisions in their heads, because it WAS their decision. Always looking to blame somebody else, eh?
Nice segue into the sponsors ad.
I would have to think that not even testing with a regulatory body constitutes as gross negligence
I kept trying to make fun of the oceangate lawsuit, but the structural integrity of the joke collapsed.
Lol who they going to sue? He's fish food now.
Ignorance is a powerful illusion.
Deservedly so... No amount of money can compensate for the lives lost especially with the arrogance, stupidity and stubborness of the CEO...
Waivers don't protect a company due to their own negligence.
you could see they took safety measures seriously, they all wore helmets, you dont see that on submarines,  a scuba outfit would have made more sense, but it would be just as useless
Ahhh. Typical America. When theres an opportunity or things doesn't go their way.  SUE S A! SUE S A!
Sing with me:  Dumb ways to die / so many dumb ways to die / Dumb ways to diiiiiieeee / So many dumb ways to die
And they should they are responsible for the stupid of that CEO and should pay out millions.
At least the passengers were essentially Thanos snapped and didn't suffer
21:37 I honestly can't believe that somebody can actually, unironically say that.
Total lack of regard for the concerns of LICENSED engineering EXPERTISE....something Oceangate didn't want to aspire to.  How shallow,  pardon the pun, can you be?  The amount of idiotic hubris is absolutely astonishing. How someone can exist in life like this with not a clue or care for others is maddening.
Your tie clip is too low.
This stockton rush guy seems like a total moron!!! Zero common sense! Just entitled asfffffff. Is sue the life outta his family and business
You all know that they’re going to use the fact bum-Rush was aboard and died in the implosion too as a way to show he was confident in the sub’s design to the point he’d risk his  Own life. Of course it’s more likely he was just so arrogant and ignorant he didn’t know he was really risking his own life. Also To be fair to White Star and Titanic £664,000 in 1912 is equivalent to around $82M today.
No shot?
It amazes me how many people went on this ghetto thing despite how obviously jury rigged it was
Why so many “v”s in submersible? 😅
What happens when you cut corners.
I believe that is why that ship is still the worst ship in history, reflecting on the management and the engineering and the owners because they didn’t have to pay those families. So they and their descendants  will be forever reminded of what they did . that is why it is etched in everybody’s memory. every generation that comes along, will learn about what the owners, the builders, the engineers, the captain did to sink that ship and destroy all those lives and their families. They will never be able to get rid of the stigma and it will always be remembered as if it just happened.
The Professional Engineering association where those engineers were acting should enter to investigate for their Professional wrong doing. This design breaks a lot of engineering and Professional ethics fundamentals.
This guy looks like Jack Ryan
@legaleagle I’m a corporate in-house law counselor in Portugal, and I have to say, I love your work, and you have a very captivating way of talking, and that is not that common.
In my opinion, this game controller was probably most reliable part of the ship. Well tested, produced in millions of pieces, resistant to brutal use by children. And they had a few on board to spare. It's failure is the last thing I would suspect.
I hope they all go to jail for murder
If they had a full Titaniam Hull it wouldn't have happened. Carbon fibre is layer up in strips of carbon.
Maybe it's a little sadistic to say this but I really hope Mr.Rush had enough time in that sub to realise that he was 100% gonna die because of his own shoddy work.
He talks so dang fast i had to slow this video to .75 and then it sounded almost normal lol
Jesus. The hubris these guys showed is only amplified by the language in that waiver.
baffles me such sub dont have a balloon something that can be either manually or automatically released..
Omg, why??
Really what I'm gathering from this is that this should have failed years ago and the fact that it lasted this long before imploding was mind boggling. And who looks at a bathtub secured with zip ties and says: 'oh yeah, this is safe enough to take me miles below the ocean'?
15:32  It's not possible to overstate how obvious this design defect is.  ANY engineer who even remotely knows anything about carbon fiber should see this as a critical showstopper of a flaw.  It's an insane material to choose for exactly the reasons that resulted in five pulverized corpses.  It boggles the mind where Rush got the idea that this was a reasonable design, but it certainly wasn't through any sort of design or calculation, or even from any practical experience.  It would seem that his understanding of the material reduced to a desperate wish for it to be imbued with magical properties.
Meanwhile, simebody could be securing OG's funds, so they can claim they're bankrupt, oopsie
I don't think a lawsuit should be allowed in this instance. If you are willing to climb in an experimental submarine and go to the bottom of the ocean. You except all risks.  AND THEY KNEW THE RISKS. Only a moronic child (which none of them were) would not understand the risks.
2156 "Jurisidiction"
Isn't there a point at which your own stupidity in signing such waivers reinforces the watertightness of the waiver?   How many times being told that you might be killed doing this makes it your responsibility for doing it?   The only exception, due to lack of age and adult understanding, might be the youngster. So sad all round.  😢
Can you SUE them too? 👍 LIKE to get this done. 🙏
If the CEO wasn't on the vessel and alive today i wonder what his day-to-day life would be like
Video was awesome, the transition to the sponsor a bit abrupt and not really fitting the mood.
Suing would b frivolous. These families are ALREADY RICH & have everything they could want except for one thing $ can't buy which is their loved ones lives back. The contract mentioned "DEATH" THREE TIMES! That was a red flag in itself.
It's likely pointless bringing a law suite as Oceangate will have disposed of any assest by the time a judgement has been made so the only people to win will be the paid lawyers.
Rules for thee and not for me; you dont mess with excessively rich clients money or lives. OceanGates only chance is to somehow declare bankruptcy.
apparently there needs to be a super Darwin award for people who take themselves *and others* out of the gene pool with overwhelming, methodical, pervasive, and premeditated stupidity.
the issue is though that its not the same as the titanic - OceanGate cant claim that they didn't know the complications / dangers because there where so many experts pointing them out.
THIS GUY.. IS A MACHINE
You voice is similar to Rush
They were able to assist in servicing pure oxygen en and high-electricity systems, if they would opt to do so. So, non-engineers were allowed to help service the systems while on board?
Ok, I find it mighty impressive that this dummy actually found bigger dummies to not only sign this shit, but pay 250k as well. Wow.
According to one source the sub had traveled to the titanic 10 times
Jim Halpert?!
This is a definition of gross stupidity ... on the participants part.  If I would do something this risky I would make sure I'd check the vessel I'm getting onto.  Hell, I bungee jump and I investigate the companies I'm jumping with.  This material is right there for the finding, if they had google OceanGate for even 5 minutes!  I'm sorry, but this is a good example of: "I'm rich, I'm too important, nothing can happen to me" mentality.  0 sympathy from me
I think it was a clear bad sign when the ship got literally struck by lightning
That's right who would have thought anything could go wrong by trying to power a mini sub with a game controller. Nothing could go wrong.   I'm an expert at playing the  "Finding Nemo" video game. Been playing it all my life!!
Ocean gate more like ocean fate😂
"This is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the Blackberry."  Umm, No.  I was the QA manager for iPhone development and not only was it significantly more complex product, but it was exhaustively tested.  Just because it was easy to use does not mean the product is simple.  The iPhone was not some rogue, thrown together, product; it was highly refined, and we did the work to prove it would perform consistently and reliably - and addressed all concerns raised by the engineering staff.
One iffy thing was the sub's hull was made in three parts (not including the window). Two titanium end pieces and a carbon fiber core. This was a HUGE red flag as differing materials behave differently under stress and pressure. The end caps would change shape at a different rate than the core, so over time this will create stress points that will cut the lifespan of the sub by a huge margin. SO you want as few joins/seems as possible. Deep sea submersible's are cast in one piece for this reason.
WHO CARES IGRANT IS BLISS
THEY NEARLY KILLED MR BEAST
I saw an unofficial leaked transcript between the titan sub and surface vessel. And stockton claimed hearing that same cracking sound in the hull and in the rear of the sub. On top of that they were going 2x the speed they should have been going. I think that may be part of the reason it imploded. But unfortunately the transcript is UNOFFICIAL so we dont really know 100%
We've got footage of the Titanic.   Should we just not try to get people down there?
You're the first person I've ever come across to make law interesting for me. Well done!
The Linnea Mills case is absolutely horrible. I don't even want to type out how horrible it is. It's shocking how negligent some people and companies can be when tasked with safeguarding peoples' lives.
Water gate.
The CEO was obviously Shakespearian.  "The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers".
I really like the way you make these videos so interesting and easy to understand!
Amazing how quickly death and loss turns to "oooh money"
Can you do a video on the real titanic?
Good.
As time goes by, I can only see this as a terminal trasgressor fighting to kill himself and other people in his own clever way
Howdy
James Cameron saw Trouble with that sub before they took it to the site and both him and Robert Ballard the man who found the wreck lost their good friends
Being sued, the CEO must be crushed
Is there anything zip ties can't fix? Those things are awesome.
That waiver is the biggest red flag I've ever seen.
Stockton Rush turned himself and everybody on board into human meat paste to feed the fish for a while as a result of the implosion under such crushing depths.Watching media stations be asking dumb questions like _"What are the possibilities of recovering the bodies from wreckage?"_  What Bodies? There would be no bodies for recovery whatsoever after a critical and violent implosion, they're literal human meat paste, even Mythbusters showed what would happen if an implosion happened under extreme conditions, literally nothing but paste meat left, you wouldn't be able to tell who's who because all the DNA contamination mixed in there.
Legal Eagle dabbles in Maritime law now. Dope. Lol
Well they will be bankrupt before it goes to court
The contact is actually void due to faulty equipment as it's reported that parts were falling off
Stockton really and utterly f*cked this one up. OceanGate should be sued into the ground.
Real men test in production
Can't sue shit if they declare bankruptcy.
This was so informative. Really helped to clarify a lot of confusion. Thank you,
Only sued? The operators should be in jail. And the company should be imploded like its sub was.
Deadass thought that saul goodman was the person on the thumbnail
14:13 no that's not an "off-brand" _PlayStation 3_ controller, it's a PC controller from a renowned brand called Logitech (by the shape and color I'd assume it's a Logitech F710 controller). Furthermore, its buttons are based on XBOX controllers (XYAB, LBLT, RBRT, LS RS) instead of PlayStation (Square Triangle Circle X, L1L2, R1R2, L3R3). I don't remember Logitech ever made any controller that has its buttons to be based on PlayStation controllers, they've always based it off on XBOX.   But then again, in the end he really shouldn't use that as a submersible's wireless controller. That's not what it's meant for.
Waivers where in place so I don’t know how much suing can be down .?
You ain't proving "gross negligence" when Rush died in the same event.
Very informative, ty! Can you cover the straw man and national citizens. Tons of videos and I'm always saying what is this. Thanks!
A company worth millions is getting sued by people that are worth billions! What's the point? What do they hop accomplished other than adding to their already colossal bank accounts?
As an engineer once said, there are two places you don't cut corners, space and deep ocean.
This might sound  bad, but bast on this video, it sounds like mass natural selection
I mean the ceo is dead, who is going to take responsibility lol
Duh!! As well they should he bragged on tape about cutting corners.
I don't know why people keep bringing up the fact that a game controller was used to operate the thing. That is actually very normal. The US military uses game controllers to fly many of their drones and robotic vehicles. And there's nothing wrong with that. These controllers are well-made and are designed to perform the exact function that is needed to be performed. People hear the word, "game", and automatically think it's not a real piece of hardware. "Game" PCs are some of the most advanced and powerful computers on the market, for example. What people should be fixated on is the carbon fiber hull. THAT is what was ridiculous about the sub. I don't know how any trained engineer could possibly think that wound carbon fiber would be a good material for a subs hull. Carbon fiber has good tensile strength. But it has no real strength against crushing forces. The ONLY thing giving the hull any rigidity was the epoxy resin that the carbon fibers were embedded or coated in. Also, when you view the footage of them creating the hull it appears that they were simply winding the fibers around the tube. Usually the fibers would be wound back and forth in alternating directions to give it a sort of criss crossed weave. You don't simply wind it round and round like fishing line on a reel. I couldn't believe that when I saw it.
Everything I heard about Stockton Rush is that he was a con man with classic dunning-Krueger.  Nobody who knew was willing to join him.
all of this was crazy but i thought the spinning was so funny cause i instantly thought of joystick drift happening to a real life submarine
Rush was a walking ego. The fact he bragged about breaking rules says it all. He wanted to succeed and show he’d not listened and not done what he knowingly should have.  I wonder if the realization hit him how egotistical he’d been as his shoddy craft was imploding.
The thing is it made a number of successful trips down. Which simply made him more confident in his invention. Trouble was the successful trips stressed the carbonfibe hull.
So this is 100% gross negligence right? The guy openly bragged about shirking safety standards and cutting corners.
The whole world is on a morbid curiosity kick with this sub.🙂
Well geez, that’s what they get for being ignorant, and negligent… and CHEAP. Rip to the victims..
4:09 OceanGate also had the audacity to ignore God.
Real engineerings video was on acoustic monitoring of the carbon fiber hull failing, it has nothing to do with the acrylic window. The window itself is a separate problem in that it wasn’t actually rated to go to titanic depth
All about huge egoes!!
Oh! The other thing and this whole situation is...i mean they named it "ocean gate". Like they knew it was gonna be a whole conspiracy type of thing. They could've named it Water Gate instead... Then they could've hidden the news a little lol
COULDN'T care less about 5 people dying in middle of the ocean cause of going on a millionaire trip 🤣
They're getting sued, but by whom and for how much? Nobody knows ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Listening to this at work and it's pretty cool... I'm just going a little crazy because it keeps sounding like youre saying, "submersivle" instead of, "submersible". I know this can't be the case because you're a smart dude..but just had to say somethin lol. Good video, dude.
If Ocean gate case is dismissed it will open the floodgates for all such dubious companies
Why is your phone turned the wrong way
Has anyone ever told you that you look like an older Ryan Reynolds
Stockton's last name perfectly describes how he treated this sub: Rushed
It’s so insane they’re literally dead like no longer exist and it’s almost laughable
A man went to a lawyer and asked what his fee was. “$100 for three questions,” answered the lawyer. “Isn’t that a little steep?” said the man. “Yes,” said the lawyer. “Now, what’s your third question?”
No surprise they are getting sued, ofcourse they should be liquidated, they are obviously going to become bankrupt in any case, naturally there will be many hands going for the cash.
Nobody should be sueing oceangate. Passengers knew the risk. Fullstop.
A classic example of how a narcissistic personality disorder can kill
The fact that the sub had been struck by lightning would have been an omen for me not to get on it. 🥺
Cap'n Crunch shouldn't have been so caviler with safety. Can't innovate when you've been turned into a smoothie.
RUSH was an ass whole.
Sadly I bet none of them even saw the titanic
yes sue their asses for charging so much and then loosing their lives and then sucking up all our world resources . its not funny . its not innovative. its disrespectful to submarine and diving experts
OceanGate is most likely judgement proof because it has no assets.
Pride commeth before the fall! No way i would have allowed my son on that coffin.
Oceangate because Watergate was redundant
So all the electric connectors were outside of the pressure hull? Looking at 13:45. How was that expected not to go wrong?
GOOD !!!! 👍
Sue who? It’s all gone now.
Did anyone else catch 4:23?  "And that's really just the tip of the iceberg." 😄
One button... sounds like Apple.
They ignored warning after warning, this tragedy was inevitable. Gross negligence applies here.
Here's hoping that any lawsuit takes place in a Canadian court.
White Star Lines did not “brag that it was virtually unsinkable”. This is not a thing that happened.
Naming your company OceanGate seems like a bad idea.  After Watergate, everything named SomethingGate is almost certainly destined for scandal.
Well, he was certainly in a Rush... to his death.
I like how everyone just started saying "submersible" like it was a normal word we've all heard before
Not to be rude but that plug was pretty disrespectful for your paid promotion
Yeah! Just about right! Totally deserves it! 💯
@15:19 Now, it makes sense why that video sounded unusual and extra biased.
So the super rich that signed on and waived their breathing rights to a dumb idea are suing for....$$?
Engineering Question?  Wouldn't it be a problem to have very dissimilar materials like metal, (titanium), joined with composite, under extreme pressure conditions just because of dissimilar thermal coefficients of expansion and contraction ALONE, as temperature changes rapidly during descent.  You wouldn't have to have a large change in temperature to cause catastrophic failure under such enormous pressures.
i phunna sue u i phunna sue yo daddy i phunna sue u mommy i phunnna sue errbodie
vERRy NicE ViDeo
Splendid suit / tie combo - kudos to your tailor 👍👍
The CEO went down with the vessel, who do they blame because Rush is the main reason it went down due to his massive incompetence!
I was wondering about what would happen to the defendants in the Jan6 attacks that want to have their plea bargains reversed like that Qanon shaman guy wants to do.
i thought that was a penis. Poor choice of thumbnail
Damn... why would them sign something that waives from literally anything?
This has been milked for all its worth, let it die in peace please.
19:29 love you but White Star Line never bragged thst it was unsinkable. They ststed that she was as watertight as the technology allowed them to be. News papers and radio stsrted calling the Olympic Class Liners unsinkable adter Okympics accident with the SS Hawk. Which flooded two comoartments and she remaied afloat.   Nickpick i know. But white star line neber claimed something that drastic. She could remain afloat if 4 compartments were breached. Not 6. Her haul.and everything were fine. Olympic sunk a U-BOAT during WWI. The iceberg was a freak accident. As for the bulkheads only reaching up to E-Deck. Hindsight is 20/20. No one in the shipping industry foresaw an accident like Titanics in the early 1900's.
The other day I saw someone had Lgl Egl as their license plate and I thought that was pretty neat
Richard Nixon did it first
The end.. 🥹
This is darwinism.
Srockon crush oops i meant stockton rush he got exactly what he deserved and he said he wanted to be remembered as a innovator but instead he will be remembered and always known as a dumb idiot lmfao.  The only person that i truly feel sorry for is the 19 yr old kid that went down with his father and he was nervois and he had his doubts about going down in the submersible as well but he was reassured i am sure and he went with his father to celebrate fathers day with his dad and then the sub explodes he is the only one i really feel srry for he was so young and had a full life ahead of him.  All of the other ppl they should have been smarter than they were because right after seeing the sub in person and taking a tour of it but no they didn't becsuse they were probably reassured by MR. CRUSH i meant RUSH.  There was one guy that was going to go but after he seen the sub in person he basically said oh hell no and he backed out and asked for a refund he was smart and i would have done the same after seeing that thing in person as well.
The company owner's own REPEATED interviews in which he berated submersive industry experts and bragged about skipping accepted testing and standards will play a huge part in these lawsuits.
I would have never got in that tin can trash It was an accident waiting to happen  If it didn't happen this time it would have happened soon after A death trap
Didn’t he ask Linda in Finance if she wanted to be head of Engineering? Of course I’m being facetious, but it was something similar…  Dude wanted anyone but himself to be accountable.
Considering a redneck could have built something just as advanced in his garage... It should have never been allowed to operate to begin with.
They definitely are getting sued.X
Won't save them, you cannot waiver liability for your own negligence. OceanGate were negligent in ignoring repeated warnings about the safety of the vessel/submersible
Honestly. Reading the waiver - imo it’s covered.. they signed to all of that
How is the agreement with the waiver still valid? The person died?
Could assumption of risk apply to the lawsuit?
Ironically similar to ‘heaven’s gate’.   That cult collectively committed suicide, on the notion that a far away object would give them a chance to reach a promised land, by an egotistical lunatic.   What happened? Multiple dead, for no reason.   People. Don’t follow preachers or crazy people. They either want your money or your death.
19:50 Similar to the 1997 law Congress passed for Amtrak limiting total liability  to $200 million per incident. Plus a provision granting Amtrak to always move a case from State to Federal Court.  49 U.S. Code § 28103: “The aggregate allowable awards to all rail passengers, against all defendants, for all claims, including claims for punitive damages, arising from a single accident or incident, shall not exceed $200,000,000.”
Instead of reinvesting in his business he charges millions and then just pockets it. Tries to hire kids with no experience to save money, while then overcharging people to ride it. I mean the guy is just greedy and this ended up killing people. That’s my opinion. I don’t know him personally but that’s how it seems to me.
Oh the lawyers - they were experts on subs huh? Wow Surely; they can start designing them.  Did you mention that between the Titan and the sister ship they had 200 successful deep dives.  Of those Titan had 90?  No your biased of course you wouldn't note that.  Of the 90 deep dives 13 of those dives were to depths as deep or deeper than Titantic. Thus it is very hard to make a case there were any serious major flaws in the design, or it wouldn't have achieved any such super deep dives many times.  Lawyers should eat .. you know what - lawyers suck.
The dynamic safety protocols were adhered to, titan did nothing wrong
Omg is this MeetKevin's long lost brother? Looks AND sounds like him!
can have them dead to rights already right there where it states the craft is not built to take passangers, but they still allowed passangers to be aboard
These people were not victims 😩 they signed their lives away. The victims are the taxpayers who payed for the search and rescue and later recovery efforts…
How can a waiver hold up when information is withheld?
Sue who for  what? I believe he was bankrupt anyway!
Naaaaw, really??? I wouldve never guessed 💀
This is the best discussion of applicable maritime law that I've seen yet.  Many thanks.
I wonder if Oceangate will bring in whoever convinced them that carbon fiber was better than titanium.  And if they don't, that kinda suggests Rush just came up with that all on his own without consulting professionals.
I heard that the surface ship waited 8hrs, to report that they lost contact with the sub.  If that is true,  would that be a separate lawsuit,  operated by separate company,  and I believe,  based out of Canada?
andddd the main guy responsible is dead. He got away with it.
The smugness of the CEO was absolutely off the charts. His arrogance lead to his death and the deaths of the others on board.
Nope😊 sue they azzes then they gile bankruptcy 😂
Im sorry I was distracted: HOW MUCH DO ALL THE BOOKS BEHIND YOU COST COMBINED?
Honestly for those who died in that sub RIP. BUT! That sub had 101 red flags and going that deep in something like that drum was foolish. I’m sorry but I can’t feel THAT sorry for what happened because if you’d actually sit and look at the whole situation it was literally one of if not the stupidest thing to do with your money and your life. Soooo I kinda don’t feel bad.
Ocean gate just sounds like a media diversion, like deflate gate and the like, what’s going on with the MAJOR powers of the world keeping peoples attention away (damn i sound like a loony but im not)
Love your videos, however I must object at something you said. The Titanic did not have a design flaw. The fact that the bulkheads did not reach up higher was not a flaw in its design but more so to the fact that it was a luxury cruiser, not a battleship. The ship was extremely safe for its purpose. It's a testament to how well it was designed that after striking the iceberg it stayed afloat for over two hours. If you want to know what a design flaw looks like look up the Empress of Ireland disaster where the use of horizontal and manual bulkheads on the ship resulted in only one side of the ship flooding with water after a collision and caused the ship to capsize and flounder after only 14 minutes.
I love your use of "just the tip of the iceberg."
How exactly does singing a liability waiver acknowledging that you could die protect them when it's your family that would sue if you died and they never signed a waiver
absolute nonsense - every billionaire should take a dive to prove this investigation wrong
He, without a doubt, lied to people to make them feel like it was safer than it was. A lot of people are going to see those warnings on the release form as just a legal technicality that you might sign when boarding any vessel for a paid expedition. I'm sure he believed in his product even though he knew it was flawed. It's one thing to take those risks with your own life. But to sell it to the public is, at the very least, unethical and willfully negligent.
Fing lawyers, may they should be humans and most may listen to their money stats
Sometimes rules are there to keep you alive.
My wife and I had a long discussion after it was found out the sub imploded about wither or not the weaver will still be upheld. Without looking too deep into it I assumed it would be tossed out due to the gross negligence due to all the things already being talked about with the sub. Now to give OceanGate some fairness, they did really tried to avoid any possibility of being sued when their sub got crushed. Instead of any place that does care about the shipping laws they went with the Bahamas that normally enjoy the free tax rights of the ships.  I do hope that the US or Canada will just throw away that weaver since there is clearly so much evidence that shows it can be tossed.
It was his own arrogance and ignorance that fed his delusions to the point of him being delusional enough to believe that it was safe. “I know A and B so that means C must be safe.”
Smart contact
When business people make engineering decisions, you implode.
I think it veing struck by lightning shoulda been the biggest STOP SIGN there was
He spent more time on evading liability than designing and making a safe submersible!!
I feel bad for the son. He really didn't seem like he wanted to go.
it got hit by lightning _while they were building it._  y'know, when _god himself_ tells you not to do something...
I keep pausing this to yell at my TV. The BILLIONAIRE wanted to cut costs? They ignored advice from a man (Cameron) who has visited the DEEPEST PART OF THE OCEAN?! So much hubris, so much stupid
There has got to be grounds here for SOME kind of suit. There’s false advertising directly in conflict with the text of the waiver, there’s firing someone for warning you about safety concerns in your designs, there using a material widely known to be the wrong one for the task despite several professional opinions warning you against it, there’s the fact they’re an American company that launched from a Canadian ship into international waters to dodge regulations and had their waivers listed to be upheld by laws in the Caribbean. Surely there is something here for a case.
Duhhh of course they gonna get sued,cheap sub and then charge ppl 250 grand,,if u don't see something wrong wit this scenario then sorry u deserve what happens....shit happens...
Did you really just say "that's just the tip of the iceberg" 😂 4:22
Am I the only one who understands these guys faked their deaths?
just when down a rabbit hole to see how much each survivor(Titanic 1912) was given. Give or take $24,000 dollars...  $600,000 counting for inflation.
I'm not sure that's a reasonable contract to sign. There are unalterable dangers, sure, but the sub can always be improved and certified. Claiming it's good because you say so, using ill-equipped mothership vessels, and quite honestly scamming people out of a pay check (if they're mission specialists then they've been hired on. If they've been hired on then they're on your payroll.) But I digress, the main thing I'm really annoyed with is Rush's wild claims of "It's safe because I said so," and that contract saying "this sub is dangerous and we do not have the capability or the means to change that."
4 people excepted the risk. The youngest 'victim' was terrified and only participated to please his father for father's day.
As they should.
That was some segue way. Lol.
I mean the take it or leave it in the waiver leaves no room for negociation because there is none, lol. You are going out of your way to voluntarily pay a shit ton of money to go on a sub that  is not certified in any way. Chances of dying are high. If someone goes 'I'm not OK with that' then...don't go? People who went were OK with the risks. There's NO reason to sue. As for the example you give about the diving situation, did the divers disclose in a written document that they don't have the necessary experience? Because with Oceangate everything was disclosed. I know people want a scapegoat but they were ALL as dumb as Rush and they ALL made the choice that this was 'safe enough' for them. They signed on for those cut corners, that PS5 controller and everything else. Nobody was misled here.
I dont know why people don't realize that waiver forms are not a "we can be as negligent as we want" card.  In fact, they are pretty useless if something goes wrong.
The laws fail consumers here. Anybody with an eye would agree the CEO went out of his ways to not ensure the safety of the sub. He knew about all the risks and design flaws, was warned by experts, by his own employees. These should void the waver completely...
Is it possible the defense for OceanGate may be negligence on the victims due to the publicity and how well documented the submersibles’ engineering, therefore had knowledge of the risks going into the expedition?
Turns out, the often-heard cries of "you are going to kill someone" weren't baseless at all, and should've been taken professionally and seriously, instead of as personal insults. This is what ego and feelings over logic and engineering gets you.
Idk man im no scientist but i take one look at the sub and say why dont you guys have the sub james camron used its from what 1997. Get one used not this home made DIY bs.
that waiver seems like something you'd see in fnaf.
Anyone who sues OceanGate is straight stupid. Those people signed a waver now they’re dead. They knew the risk and went on their own free will. There families are all rich anyway so why sue. It will be very difficult to win a lawsuit when they signed off on their death warrant.
Come on man what could go wrong on a dollar store sub?
So this is obviously a start of whats to come in the future...get em.
It may be me but I kept hearing submersivle instead of submersible 😂
Segue bordering on tasteless, also let's face it: Dick Stockton wouldn't have learned a thing from Brilliant as he knew it all... Apart from all of his other flaws he might have suffered from a severe case of Dunning Kruger.
It’s like a cig smoker getting lung cancer and then the family suing.
The hell is wrong with all these people saying "I only feel bad for the 19 year old"...like 5 humans died...and to my knowledge, none of these people were demonic monsters...it's terrible that any of them perished let alone the young guy.
Does it really count as a disaster when this can only have happened because stupidity prevails ?  We have not lost anything of value.
Off brand PS3 controller = PC controler by largest peripheral manufacturer.
you think if this clown was trying to be innovative he wouldve charge less for a ticket... he was just being and charging the most he could.. bait and switch..
Good video. I think the main thing is gonna be jurisdiction. The amount of things that, at least to me, a layman, that qualify as “gross negligence” and an utter disregard for safety, the law, etc. is mind boggling.  One thing I’d like to be noted, however, is that White Star Line, to my knowledge, never actually used the phrase “God himself could not sink this ship” nor “unsinkable” in their advertising for _Titanic._ In addition, both White Star and Harland and Wolff made safety one of the pillars of their design, and while they knew that the ship would sink _if_ more than 4 forward compartments flooded, but it’s not exactly hubris to expect either another ship to hit someplace (worse case scenario would be 2 compartments flooded) or for the Titanic to hit something else. What sunk _Titanic_ was that it side-swiped the iceberg, and so opened multiple holes along the ship. Even so, it just _barely_ nicked the 5th compartment.  Don’t get me wrong, I think it’s really shitty of White Star to wiggle out of so much liability, but I have to agree with that judge that said they were not guilty. It’s hardly negligence if you go above and beyond in your design and construction but fail to foresee an extremely specific and extremely unlikely scenario that (other than being hit by a mine or torpedo) was the _one_ thing that could actually sink it.
This is way beyond regular negligence.  A MAN WAS FIRED BC HE SAID THIS WOULD HAPPEN!!!  Hello pay attention its obvious at this point its like he WANTED to be sued!  This is so stupid at this point I have to wonder if this is fake deaths to disappear which sounds insane even to me but I am left with no other LOGICAL option to me.  Its safer to go to space bc there is not force involved
What a crazy thing, I’ve seen just about everything sourced here but still im getting so much depth. Love this channel
The CEO was a selfish, self-centered, moron. Shame he got 4 others killed due to his idiocy.
0:56 💀
Carbon Fiber better than Titanium...? Uh dude,  hate to bust your bubble (probably too soon still), but Titanium has a brittleness caused by temperatures below -200°C. Typically sheet -40°C Carbon Fiber struggles.  CF is also porous, where titanium is rigid and solid, this is why your hull failed before,  microfractures. This is why most CF manufactures use epoxy resin to reinforce the outside. Something you're lacking in your model.   I still don't get people these days,  an Engineer says it's unsafe,  owner with a business degree "Your overreacting, it will be fine"  Regulation Comitteee "your vessel isn't approved so to safety concerns, " Business owner - "Well make them sign a waiver and go into International Waters and guide judgment to another country. "  Business after the accident "We had no idea,"   😡
The more we hear he wanted to take people with him
The "submerciful". Nice slip of the tongue.
All the fake news dumb shits keep repeating how Rush used a gaming control as if that's a horrible idea .I bet all the crap talkers don't know that the US Navy uses an Xbox controller on board a Verginia class nuclear submarine for certain functions because it's a great and reliable idea.
Several legal experts have said that no one has a case against OceanGate, but I don't agree. I think there's a case here, especially in the US.
Mills was not crushed she died because she could not get positive buoyancy
24:39 Yes, I am "a professional looking to get head". Sign me up
awesome video. One little thing though, they never stated the Titanic was unsinkable. The actual quote was "We have made her as unsinkable as possible" as in they made her as safe as they possibly could.
Law suite will go no where, going to the bottom of the ocean 2 miles down, it's dangerous, its obvious
My biggest question is.... why are we acting like we lost someone of value in Stockton rush? Why are we acting like he was a good or even half decent person? He deliberately ignored safety concerns and then dragged 4 other people to their deaths with him in a craft he literally used plumbing pipes in the construction of,  got a cheap viewport rated to 1300 metres,  not the 4000 it needed to be,  and threw safety concerns out the window by threatening peoples livelihood. This is a literal Darwin award.  He got told what would happen,  it happened,  and we should honestly think of it as an enrichment of the overall species that someone this arrogant and this stupid can no longer inflict himself upon the rest of us. End of story.
Majorly? Dude.
Who thought this was a bad idea? Engineers &, well, *Anyone with a brain.* All you needed to do was 5 minutes of research to understand this was a catastrophe waiting to happen.   From the OceanGate wiki : *Rush's experience and research led him to believe that submersibles had an unwarranted reputation as dangerous vehicles due to their use in ferrying commercial divers, and that the Passenger Vessel Safety Act of 1993 "needlessly prioritized passenger safety over commercial innovation"*  Anyone not doing their due diligence on the CEO of this inept company learned the price of that negligence in savage fashion.   This is why Silicon Valley CEOs shouldn’t be in charge of anything that impacts other people.
Before watching I’m betting a waiver doesn’t cover you when you were told over and over that this is dangerous.
Can anyone here confirm this gentlemen’s hair (on his head) is real?
I think the biggest issue is that Rush was boasting how safe it is. He didn’t see the failures he never mentioned the he talked about how it was still standing he hadn’t died yet so it was safe. He was far too full of himself and every “successful” dive only inflated his ego.
Even though the passengers signed the waiver that said as much, it is clear they were not even close to understanding the risk, otherwise they would not have sent two generations of the same family down at the time.
From eveything we have learned, i think its safe to say gross negligence has occoured here
What camera are you using? Looks great
TL;DW they're f*cked
This is going to be an interesting case.
Don't think kids should have been allowed to go on that submersible, anything that could expose a kid to death should be off limits to the kid and not even the parents were ok with the kid going.
Now sue snail games and all the developers of these triple A franchises for creating groups ofemotionally disturbed ppl
It's good that waivers are not protected against gross negligence.  People who want to kill others, because they are sick, would just create a business... trick them to signing a waiver and then making the activity as dangerous as possible indirectly,so the chance of them dying is higher.   In other words this is a way to combat an elaborate murder scheme, disguised as an accident.  Not saying that's what happened here. What happened here is greed mostly and bliss ignorance.
i dont care how many waivers they signed, if the company is negligent, they are responsible. and after being warned by multiple experts that their sub is a piece of junk, I'd say they are negligent. I'm certain that they did not pass the information that they were warned against using carbon fiber on to the people who signed the waiver. did they tell the people that the hull might fail according to experts, before they signed? hell no.. they are about to be sued out of business.
its funny to me how much his comment reeks of any real understanding "carbon fiber is better than titanium!" yes it is......in certain use cases, but he makes it sound like its an end all be all material, and just ends up sounding like someone doing something cuz its "hip" or "the new big thing" rather than using proper materials
Kinda wishing there was a way to resurrect Stockton from the dead - You know, just to make him actually pay for his arrogance. Sometimes, paying with one's own life might not be enough.
and a plaintiff can prove a lack of seaworthiness if the sub had important pieces held together with....zip ties...for example...
Let’s all just be clear here. This company is 100% done. Lawsuit or no lawsuit, it’s over
_why tour the wreckage when you could just join it_
Real Engineering also mentioned what I believe to be the most damning thing of all, the vessel was only brought to the expected depth once during testing. That single test does nothing to prove whether the vessel would survive the next dive, or the one after that. In engineering, its called a fatigue failure, in which the cyclical load is below the maximum strength (yield stress), but still high enough to cause wear/damage/fatigue to the material.   So, we use the concept of endurance limit, which is the point in which the material can survive an infinite amount of cycling. This number will vary by many dozens of factors, such as material, shape, loading conditions, temperature and more, but is typically 15-40% of the maximum strength / yield stress of the material. For composite materials, its an even harder number to quantify, which is why testing needs to be exhaustive.   That one test proved it was anywhere between 0-99% of yield, and the noises heard suggest it was likely in the upper end of that spectrum. That is clear, without a shadow of a doubt, gross negligence. I say that, because humans have been extremely well aware of fatigue failure, and testing for it has existed for centuries. We have records of firearms being 'proofed'  (Which still happens to this day) in Europe by means of loading several times the maximum powder charge. If the powder charge utilized was four times the standard load and the firearm survived the test, you could guarantee that the standard load was below 25% of yield, and thus likely would have infinite life, or a lifetime in the millions to trillions of cycles.   So for a modern group to only test it to the expected load, and further to only test it once, as their only real world testing of a device that would be the only thing preventing 5 people from be crushed, is grossly negligent. They never had any evidence it would survive the next dive, much less the next ten or hundred or thousand dives. Its a miracle it survived until the 14th dive. Extrapolating that, Id guess the load was in excess of 90% of yield, though thats an extremely rough and unscientific guess.
Sued? I'm shocked! Shocked I say!!
I have a legal question related to all this: How is it that there is a company that owns the rights to visiting the titanic if it is in international waters?
If you go on a trip like this and do not do your own research and investigation, then it's your own fault.  There was plenty of information out there for the "clients" on this dive to review if they had bothered to look for it.
Best channel regardless of content. Why? Ad right at the end :3
Stockton Rush's arrogant responses to valid criticism were a massive red flag.
This seems less like a foolish voyage and more like a murder/suicide....
0:46 I can’t even…  I’m glad the man got what he deserved but sad that he took others down with him. Unfortunately the pure unadulterated incompetence on display here prevents me from watching further. Sorry man, I really like your videos but it’s my Kryptonite, so I’m stopping here. No reflection on you at all.
That "Brilliant" plug was.. for a lack of any better words.. Brilliant!
Anyone that was willing to get on that thing is out of their mind. It is sad, but the level of narcissistic behavior involved by everyone is hilarious. Tragic comedy And Koehler def said that he would have gone down in the sub if it wasn’t canceled, so that was incorrect. Maybe he’s trying to make himself look like less of knobhead now
Actually, this is all super-interesting but there is one, possibly much more relevant question that I’m even more interested in right now: how much money do Ocean Gate and it’s remaining owners actually have at this point that they could be sued for?  Company shares aren’t gonna have any signficiant value at this point, so that leaves whatever liquid or fixed assets the company actually physically had: cash in the bank, equipment, real estate. The owners themselves could also be liable with their personal wealth depending on the legal form of ownership although this seems unlikely.
I love how this company's called OceanGate.
The man who egotistically threw away safety concerns died along with the passengers, so this whole fiasco feels pointless before it started  They're effectively suing the ghost of Stockton Rush 👻
If you think it will go your way in court you are in for a big surprise. Always remember that. You will lose. 👍
TOO SOON! Let the families grieve before making money off of this horrific tragedy. Legal opinions can wait, for crying out loud! Have you no shame at all?
They towed the vessel hundreds of miles over open ocean just that vibration could of broke something that they could not see…
This is stupid. They should NOT be sued. They knew the risks. Rush wasn't a killer. He was innovative. What if astronauts died on one of elons rockets if it exploded?  Sue him too? Death was a possibility. They knew it. This is the cost of exploration.
MacGyver ing off the shelf parts to make a sub and laughing about. It who’s laughing now?  Oh but he’s dead because of his ignorance and thumbing his nose at physics. The arrogance of people. F with God and Mother Nature and they will get you.
4:22 haha… i get it…..
Should've took the lightning strike a sign. Not to mention all of the other red flags.
Incredible breakdown of the legal situation. Thank you for this. Such a tragedy.
They said the Titanic was unsinkable, it sank.  They also said the Titan submersible was unsinkable, it sank.
Rush seems like the type who, if he hadn't been on the Titan, would still now be insisting it was safe.
Tourism to the Titanic wreckage can continue, but more respect please, you're not visiting Disneyland, you're visiting a cemetery.
"in 1912, as everyone knows, the titanic sank". Ok call spoilers next time. I didn't know.
So these billionaires are suing other billionaires?......this should go well.....
TLDR: Oceangate is going to have a lot of lawsuits but there’s a plethora of different outcomes to whether they will actually get sued or not.
how could something named Ocean_Gate_ everbecome a scandal?
What puzzles me is that people went on multiple trips after failures. This just sounds like ignorance on the customers
The fact that they used any wireless tech INSIDE the sub, where your passengers might have devices that can interfere with it, is bonkers. As a fall-back in case the wired system is damages, fine, but good grief, ask anyone who's used wireless controllers, headphones, keyboards or mice what happens when there are too many 2.4ghz devices near each other.  The fact the sub was made of plastic at times (carbon fiber, is effectively a plastic, and so is plexiglass) should have sent red flags. These materials are not known to be strong under compression, and "cracking noises" tells you exactly what's happening.
This question might sound naive, but I'm actually curious: Since the CEO of the company died on that submersible, who will be held accountable? Can the executives avoid punishment?
Canadian flagged ship that left from Canada, I kinda think Canada should get first crack at OceanGate.
I think it's  extreme Negligence not having an actual hatch,  instead having 17 bolts, which you would still die even if you got to the surface.
Millionairs cutting it cheap and taking extreme measures to save money in anyway possible even if it means violating safety protocol is so frustrating. Really goes to show these millions love to show their wealth while also hoarding as much of it as possible
He literally evaded the US to not follow rules. He was negligent in every way, shape and form.
If there's one thing I've learned from Fascinating Horror, it's that behind nearly every engineering disaster is someone trying to "cut costs."
The scuba thing was wild, I listened to a deep dive into the case, apparently the poor girl even pointed it out to the instructors who said it was fine.
Do one about Sally Smith and John Hopkins children hospital 😂  Those fkn scoundrels
"So you just kind of got pieces off the shelf and mcgivered things together?"   Stockton Rush: "Yeah!"  And hence why you're dead now Mr.Rush.. safety first sir, ignorance never!
There's so much irony surrounding this...
Real Engineerings accent is great.
Epic shout-out to Real Engineering. Very cool.
Ahh it was in international waters! That explains it. I've been wondering for weeks how the Coast Guard allowed an unregulated deep-sea submersible to operate in its waters.
He consistently says "submersiVle"?!?!
1:02 I’m sorry- “ expose them to death”? Really?
If you're going to recommend videos and take clips from videos, you should really put a link.  For the convenience of your viewers and to fully give credit to the creator in a visible, verifiable way.
Titan is almost same story as a Titanic difference is that those people on Titan who had died were billioners, experts in this field and they sign those pappers. Nobody is fault. You can always thinkg and descide for your self.
I think nowadays a lot of the "innovators" in various fields are just cutting corners and skirting regulations to see what they can get away with. The mistake which Mr Rush made was to believe his own nonsense about innocation and volunteer to test it himself.
Your first line is a load of BS
To be fair the lightning strike shouldn’t even been brought up. “The lightning strike damaged the electronics on board.” Well no shit. When cars are struck by light it fries everything as well… they signed the waiver they knew the risk.
I cant be the only one who thought naming the sub, 'Titan,' was a bad idea. Didn't it feel like tempting fate?
How is it possible to even be allowed to dive if your vessel hasn't been certified by any regulatory body?? Ppl in many places need a permit to paint their own damn house a different colour, but there's no permit for diving 4000 feet???
This was mind numbing. A lawyer, I will not be
Where are all the Stockton Rush simps now?
I think a major piece of evidence in any case against OceanGate will be the misrepresentation made by them that they had worked with Boeing and University of Washington on the development and testing of the Titan. Both entities have denied any involvement. If they lied about those connections to create a sense of legitimacy to the design, then that is going to cast a large shadow on their ordinary negligence defense.
You could say, they are about to go down
They signed it was not regulated and they could die. And ocengate found a loop hole in legal. Should be interesting to see what happens. All the family's don't need they money, they have money, so at the very least, we can't feel they need money to survive. But they do have enough to sue their a$$3s off
Stumpedmon said safety at a certain point is wasteful and silly and hampers growth and innovation. It should be left by the wayside in his opinion..... I think gambling with peoples lives for the sake of 'innovation' and inspiring future generations is both reckless and flagrantly idiotic. Above all , grossly negligent
Tories have done the same thing to UK with Brexit.
These passengers, aside from the boy, paid a quarter of a million dollars to ride on Rush's arrogance and ego and lost their lives. They never stopped long enough to use FREE COMMON SENSE that this DIY water craft, steered by a video game joy stick (which says it all) was doomed. The interior for 6 adult men was screaming, HELL NO! Sitting cross legged is a prime position for blood clots. When last had these men sat cross legged in a cramped space? I feel for the 19 year old boy.   When Rush fired his own safety person, that was deaath in motion. Why hire him if he wasn't going to listen to his advice/report? Rush didn't want anything standing in his way of his name in lights, Guiness Book and a float in the Macy's Day parade. I guess COMMON SENSE is not so common and is definetly no match for arrogance and hubris.
M O O N spells lawsuit
It's actually Logitech. But it wasn't really designed for industrial use.
Rich people: something terrible has happened I know what I can do ill sue them and make more money.  Poor people: shit something terrible has happened after grieving I might sue them, court case failed you cannot afford a long court case with the top lawyers
"That was just the tip of the iceberg." Smooth. Dark, but smooth.
so the company should face the music  boss knew from many saying about sub being near end of life ..staff told/warned him ..other sub operators told/warned him
Its sad, but honestly they knew the risks. It was stupid of them to go after signing a paper that literally states; its not authorized.   Its like being mad a pill that hasnt been past as safe...wasnt.
Not related to the video but can you PLEASE do a video on the new UAP language that Chuck Schumer is using in the appropriations bill to disclose UAP evidence?!? This is huge and I’m not seeing it mentioned anywhere
Human tragedy aside. This is bound to be an incredibly fascinating legal lesson to play out for months and years
It's already been determined around many many yr's ago from a case in CA from a radio station challenge to win a WEE. The challenge was to drink as much water as one can and hold it longer then the other challengers, well the woman won and wasn't able to pee that much water out and then went home and 2 hours later when her children came home from school they found her dead. Autopsy shows she drowned and a lawsuit followed, all the while the radio station said, She signed a Waiver and they were not liable. Courts weighed in on it and said "One can NOT sign a waiver for death", there for the radio station was liable...
Objection! The safety inspectors are badgering the CEO!
Stockton Rush: "I'm definitely not allowed" But this was gross misconduct by not testing the carbon fibre, and composite hull, for cracks and malfunction.
5 less dumb people in the world... Move on
Why would a bunch of billionaires waste time suing OG as it's not going to bring their loved ones back and they sure don't need the money either not that OG has any money to settle anyway!
Important safety feature:  a window that will crackle just before you die.  What more can I say?  Sign me up!
The way I see it, they definitely should be held accountable because there was so much obvious negligence. Multiple experts and some of the staff repeatedly gave warnings about the vessel. And instead of contacting engineers, they contacted lawyers. On top of that, the waiver kept expressing so much risk yet the advertisement said otherwise. Then as an icing on the cake was the clear mention of how many corners were intentionally cut to "save costs" on something that requires a higher than normal safety standard than that of most things.
Cutting safety corners is always ultimately more expensive than implementing safety. Even if your company or business seems to be doing fine without safety measures, all it takes is time and the right circumstances (circumstances that safety regulations usually prevent). It's like a company deciding not to install fire alarms or have fire extinguishers or accessible fire exits in their building. Maybe that saves some money in the interim, but all it takes is one fire in a decently occupied building for that decision to cost a hell of a lot more.   Rush and Oceangate cut corners to save on costs. That decision led to catastrophe and now they're out of business. Cutting those corners didn't save much in the long run, did it?
They signed a waiver. They can't be sued
Can the doctrine of _non est factum_ be used to get around the existence of the liability waiver? I realise that the signatories are no longer available to testify, but is that approach still reasonable?
If this guy is such a great lawyer, why's he still using a rotary phone? Taking calls from Clarence Darrow or something?
the titanic did not have a design flaw lol It just had damage too spread out to be covered by the anti-flood measures. Thats like saying a naval vessel that cant handle multiple torpedos had a design flaw.  The water tight bulkheads were designed to stop the spread of water as long the ship didnt sink below a significant level. They totally understood that if it sank far enough so that the water level was above the bulkheads it would sink they just thought this kind of damage was extremely unlikely. It was still an extremely safe ship for the time and with just a slightly different impact could have stayed a float.
Tragic all around, of course. But these were all grown adults who certainly knew the risks and willingly signed a waiver that told them they could die. They were playing an obviously dangerous game and paid the price. I don't think the solution lies in the courts here. You can only make the world so safe, before over tightening the reigns on every single industry.  The only one I truly feel horrible for is the son of the Pakistani passenger. Young kid, who clearly didn't want to go but was pressured into it. There may be a case of agreement under duress there. But the pressure was from his father, so I don't know what kind of liability case you have there.
Rush is the one at fault and he’s dead so why sue the company? Doesn’t make sense to me
Oceangate PROVES that billionaires are not smart.  and are more focused on narcissistic endeavors.   and i’m talking about the passengers themselves.   all that wealth and
The epitome of ultra-capitalist "screw safety regulations, what's the worst that could happen?" Time and time again, too few people for which it counts realise that safety regulations are written in blood.
Company already BKd what's left to go after and who? The founder is dead to
OceanGate wanted to be the SpaceX of the seas… but they become the de Havilland Comet
Quite honestly, the more I hear about this disaster, the more details of negligence and hubris I find…I’m about 60% sure that this all was deliberate. Stockton Rush planned an over-elaborate murder-suicide for whoever he could convince to go down with him.
A waiver dont mean JACK SHITE when the company and the vehicle is based on deception and lies..
So this basically dismisses the argument of "it wasn't just billionaires going on a joyride" made by a few people online. Knowing that Stockton basically used it as a loophole and that it really was just a joyride.
I have a legal question: Why is the US somehow allowed to commit war crimes? They killed so many innocent humans, unlawfully held hundrets if not thousands of people hostage and tortured them. Why arent they charged for it?
Nobody cares
Cab you go more into the Oregon situation because it’s a big problem here (i currently live in Oregon) I have several friends that own bike shops and other such things and it’s a huge issue for businesses here to operate properly without fear of getting sued
Stockton Rush the story of a desilusional man, a psychopath, a lunatic, a conman, a man guided by his arrogance, greed and EGO
That Stockton guy reminds me of Michael Scott. The only difference is that Michael is a fictional comedy character and Stockton was a millionaire whose ego killed four (technically five) people...
UW is a top notch medical school. Yes, they do teach other STEM coursework fairly well too, but that's not their primary strength. Looks like they designed the sub to explore the Salish Sea. The Salish Sea's deepest point is about 670 meters, but had an adverage depth of 130 m. A 500 m max depth sub is perfect for the vast majority of the sea. It is concerning someone looked at that and said, "yes, that's the one" for a much deeper dive
Stockton only pioneered Impenetrable Irony. The modern entrepeneur life...
I understand 200 years ago when we didnt understand very much about our world when people would make these kinds of mistakes, but we have the science, we have the technology, he had the opportunity to build a good craft, and was blatently told people would die. There is no excuse for this loss of life.
The Limitations Act sounds like something that was lobbied for by rich line owners.
Isnt the ceo dead tho
I doubt OceanGate has any assets worth going after.
OceanGate, when Dunning-Kruger becomes deadly.
They make you sign something saying you understand that you may die and it’s your choice to go underwater.
How about suppliers and vendors that helped build the Titan...what is their responsibility, if any, to the implosion.   Also, Personal and Corporate life insurance policies on these victims will also have stipulations restricting payout.   The "Key executive" and Key Owners" of the two Billionaires may not pay out because they have specific clauses defining the risks and hazards they will not cover .  Also, I am not sure their personal life insurance policies will pay out either for the same reason.     As far as ocean gate goes, it probably is very close to bankruptcy now, and has probably has very few assets to distribute.   If the corporate veil is pierced, the victims can go after the top executive and board of directors.  IDK if that will be possible
This feels like Boeing and the 747 Max all over again.
I hope the billionaire's widow uses her fortune to sue ocengate out of existence.
I wouldn't want money from Oceangate, I would want everything Rush and his Family owned, taken from them. Burn their money and items, I don't give a crap, just take it from them, except a change of clothes.
My greatest condolences!  I hope CEO of “OceanGate,” never sees the gate of heaven. I hope they go BELOW THE DEEP OCEANS AND SUFFER IN HELL.
and the people who learnt about material science (real engineering did a really good video of how it all actually failed)
“I’m definitely not liked” definitely not alive either
I just knew the moment it was conrtolled by a amazon controller that there is no way this was safe ingenerl.
Welp
Devin Looks like the advisor in City Builder Games
Who would win in a fight: The Legal Eagle or the Illegal Beagle?
It is hard to believe anyone intelligent would get onto this sub. Hard to prove negligence when the CEO was on board and put his life in danger as well. His arrogance was off the charts, and now at the bottom of the sea.
The captain went down with the ship so to speak
Misprononced Newfoundland unsubbed
Can you comment on how these waivers work WRT the families of the deceased? They didn't sign a waiver; can the original party really sign their rights away for them? The damages are different. For example the spouse of a passenger has now lost all income from her husband. Does this give any standing for making a claim of her own as a party who never agreed to these terms?
Technically speaking, they paid for the Titanic experience and thus staying at the bottom is the most authentic Titanic experience...
In addition to the misleading marketing material that were found on videos on OG website and interviews with Stockton, Stockton claimed that the Titan was built with the help of engineers from Boeing, UW and NASA. However, Boeing and UW released statements saying they had nothing at all to do with Titan. And NASA said there was some remote consultation, but had nothing to do with design, manufacturing or testing of Titan.
At least he designed it so that the inevitable catastrophic failure was as dramatic as possible
Whew!!!  You have done your due diligence!  Now, with all that information you have,  suppose the defendant hired you as their attorney.  With all that aforementioned documentation at your bidding,  how would you go about your opening statement (what facts would you present for the jury in layman's terms)?
I always thought regardless of any wavier there was gonna be a lawsuit because even though the wavier did mention death multiple times those people probably signed it probably thinking the company was doing everything in their power to make the trip as safe as possible not firing people who brought up safety concerns
A fool and his submarine are soon imploded.  😆😂🙃
"OceanGate finds OceanGate submarine up to standard"
the more I learn about this the more shocked I am that anyone would decide to get into that deathtrap
Waiting for either a collab or a fight to the death between the Eagle Team and Jim Adler the Texas Hammer
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
this man looks like a pixar character
Any intellectual judge or jury would acknowledge this as gross negligence considering all the red flags and comments made by Rush himself and constant warnings by experts in the field.
A very valuable lesson to take from this: just because the inventor joins you, doesn't mean it's 100% safe.
Idk if the victims should get compensation, but I do know the rest of the higherups in OceanGate should be prohibited of ever handling a business that deals with people's lives. And that this case needs to set a precedent for more transparency. I doubt the people who went along with this trip knew of all the concerns the rest of the industry had against the sub.
It seems to me that a lot of thought went into that submersible and that voyage, as well as a lot of wanton disregard for said thought.
Narcissist lawyers sue Psychopath billionaire.
"if you die you can't sue us"? feel like that's not really a necessary clause?
Use Zipties On the track (Project Cars) NOT SUBMERSIBLES
I think the telling part here is how almost every other industry expert was against Stockton Rush on this one. They know their professional standing is on the line, so there's no way this disaster is simply going to go away, because those who understand deep sea diving don't want it to. They want this to end with submarines staying safe. It might take a while, but oceangate is toast.
The more I learn about this sub disaster and how preventable it was the more I find myself asking "HOW WERE THEY ALLOWED TO DO THIS TO BEGIN WITH?!"
Sued? Heck they should be looking at negligent homicide!
The real engineering guy sounds like the guy from that AI app black mirror episode
Kinda ironic that bro was basically like the mfs that said the titanic was unsinkable and he died tryna look at it.
I think it’s ridiculous that a clearly American company can use Bahamian law to get around the US justice system (not to mention all the Caribbean tax havens)
Im indifferent to people who go over waterfalls in barrels.
Ya think?
You've got family members of people who could afford a quarter million dollar trip, of course there's going to be lawsuits.
Common sense...a tiny, tiny submarine to go several feet under water...and, at that depth??? Definitely red  signs all over.
rich people vs rich people. we love to see it. hope oceangate het sued for all their worth
REAL ENGINEERING?FROM JLTG?
They relied on Bluetooth??? My god.
the ocean gate-gate scandal
Looks like Stockton could evade everything except the laws of physics.
"who could have possibly foreseen something going wrong with the Titan sub? Well, the lawyers" As an engineering student, trust me, the engineers saw it too. They didn't just not get it certified for fun, they knew no agency on the planet would certify it.
It all hinges on whether or not Rush knew his submarine was falling apart. With hindsight, we can now safely say the sub was absorbing water. With the lamination failing, and the pressure hull growing weaker, it was just a matter of time before it's sprung a tinny, but critical fracture and began its final disintegration. It's gross negligence if the sub was never weighed after that first maiden voyage. But the more damning question is if Rush did that on purpose. Did he know his sub was degrading? If the courts find that he did, those waivers mean nothing.
That sub looked like it was built in a rednecks backyard with a welder. The irony is the redneck sub would be more reliable than this sub was.
BRILLIANT is the true winner in all of this. Lol
To say there was gross negligence on behalf of the submersible’s owner but not on behalf of those signing a waiver and paying that much money to go to a dangerous place in a homemade death tube is silly.
OceanGate gate
Can Stockton be personally held responsible as well or is this just OceanGate?
And others who were experts in this field saying this isn’t safe and him responding regulation stifles innovation
Stockton was like a used car salesman.
pointless lawsuit and pointless video. even if they could suit them who would they get their money from? The CEO is dead too there's no company left. only people who would win are the lawyers - the lawyers charging hourly to try to collect damages, the lawyers defending OceanGate, and this lawyer making this video for clicks / views
Ah America, where signing the waiver to go on a dangerous expedition is still a reason to sue if things go south. Such a failed society.
Those folks knew all about this but still made the decision to go...Rich people tend to think they're indestructible.
I feel awful for the 18 year old and that's it.
Even if you tell someone in your waiver this is by no means a safe trip, and some point there has to be a “you didn’t ensure 1000% that this ship was suitable for 4k meter dive. It just sounds like negligence. Plus those people on board the titan made a horrible judgement call to risk their lives over it :/
a video very well done
LOL imagine trying to get a bag for having such stupid family members! they got exactly what they signed up for.
Never underestimate the dangers of a stupid rich person.
They should at least have to pay for all the efforts to rescue the billionaires. I’m not paying more taxes because of some billionaires stupid actions. I don’t care if it was humanitarian, those billionaire families could easily pay off the 3 million + getting added to Canadian tax.
This isn't really relevant, but I can't get over how much the name "Stockton Rush" sounds like what you'd name a corrupt corporate executive in a video game or a cartoon.
Stockton was clearly an egotistical narcassist. I suspect he 100% lied to customers knowingly. The fact the he was warned multiple times tells me he then lied
5:30 he was talking about the pressure hull itself here, not the plexiglass
You could say it was Ocean-Gate
It's not like they were receiving surgery. This was 100% voluntary.
How do you sue a dead dude?? 😮 man what has this world come to? Maybe Oceangate will pay up but he is responsible.
A+. Thanks for the insight.
I wish it weren’t so but more and more businesses operate like this now “cut as many corners as possible, make sure customers are ignorant, pray nothing goes wrong, when/if it does make sure the liability waiver covers is, sell to as many suckers as possible”. Thoughts?
Great explanation in a sea (excuse the pun) of mostly nonsense about this subject on Youtube.
Wait, wait, wait... the sub was struck by lightning? Lol. 😂
This guy looks like some cartoon character became alive.
It's an unfortunate reality but safety regulations are written in blood. This CEO ignored all of them and now will be responsible for more being written
4:23 "tip of the iceberg" how dare you, sir
You know its a good video when you completely disagree at the beginning then completely agree at the end
Anyone who says diving into the deep sea is as safe as flying in a helicopter clearly has a great deal of ignorance when it comes to safety.
One thing I want to add on is that you can't dumb down naviagtion. You will need to know everything around you, if you don't you will have no idea that something like a shark or a sharp rock is coming. You need depth meters to gauge pressure so you can navigate without overstressing the chassis. Sure, while submarines will actually use modified XBox controllers, they also have a ton of information. The Titan sub was just a cylinder and glass peephole.
I find the contrast between Titanic and Titan interesting, because Titanic was very much a Swiss-cheese-model disaster where multiple things had to go wrong, and Titan was a sub where the flaws should have been obvious.
6000psi = 6000 pounds per square inch....that's 3 tons per square inch...so figure out the surface area (several hundred sq inches) and multiply by 6000lb * 1ton/2000lb
You right, it has to be
Contract laws exists to protect everyone, even stupid people. Oceangate pretty clearly is both guilty of negligence of duty and of not disclosing the real risks of the situation. Anything less then a full guilty verdict would be criminal in and of itself, reguardless of any waivers they had the victims sign.
"We have heard the baseless cries of.' you are going to kill someone' too many times."       If people keep saying "you are going to kill someone" maybe this is not so baseless as you think it is.       If you don't agree with most other people, either you are wrong or they are wrong. It may, in fact be they are wrong, but at the very least, you should reexamine you position just incase you are wrong.
Off topic, you have beautiful eyes
Omg James Cameron is loving this 😂😂 He's literally going to make bank off this when he makes the movie. TITAN
He (the OceanGate guy) sounds like Micheal from the Office
Submersavle
Plus carbon fiber is extremely violent when it finally fails under pressure. It doesn't crush it explodes into shards so imagine being shredded by carbon fiber bullet knives technically the shards  would be considered rail gun projectiles as they would travel faster than the speed of sound and he basically made the world's first deep water railgun
You must realize. some people.. really there is a type of person who mentally cant cross that bridge.  people that refuse to accept reality because in their mind what they've done is enough and the views of others dont matter.   These are the risk takers, the darwinites. they are those who often lead to advances thru their sheer blind ignorance and stupidity.
Plus the hull being carbon fiber it compresses more than the titanium end caps which don't compress. So the entire mid section compressed and where it meets the titanium end caps, those will have not compressed at all. That's a HUGE problem
I think what a lot of people don't realize is Oceangate was struggling financially already before this happened. The passengers of the vessel are far more wealthy than Oceangate was.They don't need the money so it's unlikely they would spend exorbitant amounts of money on lawyers pursuing what amounts to pennies to them via lawsuits. Also the fact that the founder and majority owner perished along with these people, he didn't go down there expecting to die, He believed this was safe even though it obviously wasn't. I feel like it would be hard to prove gross negligence. I just don't ever see this going anywhere as far as big money lawsuits are concerned.
His warning system was like WW1 equivalent of only posting some sentry's around Paris to warn if the Germans were coming....
The fact it was struck by lightning, talk about a bad omen
No judge worth their salt is going to uphold the whole "mission-specialists" working aboard this submarine for 0$ in wages and 250.000$ in donations each, surely.
Is this... Ryan Reynolds?
Who do you sue tho?
OceanGate will cease to exist, they will be lucky to avoid criminal charges against key players.
Love to see LegalEagle digging up the ammunition that could possibly be used in court against OceanGate.
never naming my business “_____ gate” it’s a surefire way for a scandal
Thank you, this is a very well-informed video concerning the Titan submarine disaster
I'd be surprised if a single person at OceanGate even remotely involved with the submersible in question gets out of criminal complicity and whatnot, unless each and every one of them can not only prove that they're as educated and functional as a sunflower growing in a landfill by a North Korean powerplant, but that OceanGate didn't and couldn't know about that, and that those people forged their credentials or whatever.  I mean, seriously, how the hell was this tragedy allowed to happen? While so many don't care that five people died because they were rich, that's still five lives thrown away, no, four people were murdered, and fifth was the madman, the sociopath that did it, and it didn't happen overnight, this was what, a year long operation, if not longer?  Someone had to pick up the stink, someone left in this godforsaken grey world is responsible for those deaths, any one of them could've blown the whistle, or whatever the expression is.
Stockton Rush is going down in history as a major fool... Of biblical proportions.
How could anyone read that and sign it? Just crazy. It basically says its a homemade shit sub.
While I'm not a lawyer and you never quite know how a case will go, this situation strikes me pretty clearly as to why gross negligence is a standard.  If I  contract with a tour for rock climbing or cave diving, I want them to be held liable if they don't follow expectations for safe gear maintenance and use.  I know I might die climbing a cliff, I expect the ropes and holds used are within tolerances for that purpose  I think anyone who wants to see the Titanic should also expect the sub they contact is reasonably designed to do the job
Negligence cannot be excluded from contracts under uk law.
Can you investigate the legality of discovery warner threatening allen pan?
Is it just me, or is this guy so super cute every time he says "Submersivle" ❤?
Don't need a lawsuit to destroy the company, they completely lost any and all trust into any potential clientele anyway lol.
"Uuuuuuummmmmmm I was told that it was the WOKE AGENDA what was responsible for the sinking of this sub. So who am I to argue? Think about that for a second you billionaire hating meanies"
Stockton making an Apple reference... going down the typical route that a lot of CEOs of failed/fraudulent start-ups go down: comparing themselves to Jobs.
Apparently one of the men went with their son who didn't want to go (per the child's mother). He was scared and did not want to go but it was his father's birthday and he didn't want to let him down.  Moral of the story is to make a joke about "...they joined the exclusive club they were so fascinated with..." is...as they say...too soon.
Honestly before anything my first red flag was the fact that they were trying to go to the Titanic in the first place. Last I understood, no vessel (military or otherwise) has gone down to the depth that the Titanic is at willingly. And the shoddiness of the vessel’s construction just made me think that it was the game Iron Lung. Plus hearing that the man in charge fired the guy raising awareness of how unsafe this thing was in general much less in the water
Nice Linus level segway.
The company was called Oceangate? That’s gotta be some from of irony, right?
it's just awful that he (Rush) took the feedback of "hey your vessel is very dangerous, maybe you shouldn't be taking people on it" as a personal insult instead of as a sign that it needed fixed
i love that your ad read is for your own firm and like 10sec or less!!
If I was looking to pay someone to take me down under the water in a sub, and that someone said "safety is pure waste" as this CEO did, I would not pay that person anything.
Submersible propane tank. Filthy rich foolish people.
Hi Tom.
They're under pressure.
Amazing that there's a law there to act as a safety net and stop companies from going bankrupt if they end up causing the death of others. Really y'know put's it all in perspective.
good work
Curiosity killed the cat
Anyone that would willingly sign that waiver is clearly crazy
Knowing the Titanic had an observed oversight and comparing it to OceanGate's own sub is so poetic. But IMO even the short walls situation was way more forgivable than all the checks that OceanGate did and did not go through.
This might be a strange view but I feel like Stockton Rush dodged taking responsibility by dying
Tfw crazy they were to go. Tfw ppl like this r like why dont we nuke a volcano thatl stop it
Dat ad segue tho 😂  I'm going to hell for laughing at that...
NEVER let aeronotical engineers participate in hydrodynamic vessels. Bad combination. Same flyboy ego killed the Navy submersible ASDS, luckily without killing a person thank God. Aerospace is NOT the same as hydrospace. BTW, dont let submariners design airplanes either.
That guys atirude says a lot about the times we live in.
Gross negligence!? No. Stockton was not negligible of what could happen. He was made more than aware. Impo. 😐
I personally engage in risky activities. For example, I've been a skydiver for most of my adult life. I won't jump with a new place until I've done a deep dive online to see what both professional inspectors and knowledgeable amateurs have to say about their safety and maintenance practices and the training of their pilots. I really can't imagine spending a quarter of a million dollars to dive in a submersible to that depth without thoroughly scrutinizing the company (or I supposed if I'm that wealthy, paying someone to do it for me).
There was risks. Everyone knew it. Rich people taking rich people to court who cares.
Bro said Rush should’ve brushed up on his math and science lmao
This man is a cross between Jim from the Office & Harvey Specter from Suits
They are DONE!
Named selves ocean gate almost like they anyicicpated their failers
The carbon fiber use was definately a stupid choice I feel was likely the fatal flaw, but combine that with trying to use that with dis-similar material connection, tube carbon fiber to a spherical metal endcap creating massive compression rate differences at the endcaps. Im sure when final review is published the failure will be at oneof the endcap unions, my guess the aft one if the voice transcript proves authentic.
Stockton Rush: "This is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the Blackbird." OK, but I'm not hopping onto an iPhone to go for a cruise at mach 3+ at 80,000 ft.
The only one that deserves compensations is the engineer
What about the millions wasted on the "rescue" mission? Who's stuck with those costs? Do we, the taxpayers, have to foot the bill for such idiocy? Hmmm
not me this whole time thinking everyone was calling it "oceangate" like watergate, deflate-gate, donut-gate, celeb-gate...
Clearly Rush rushed into evading man’s rules, regulations and laws.  Which sometimes is wise.  What was and will always be an open ended question:  Why or how was it Rush rushed into the depth of hell by ignoring the rules, regulations and laws of nature?  Suicide?  Or   Truly ignorant?  🇺🇸
everyones trying hard to monetize from this tragedy.  what a clown world we live in.
You honestly think that third parties (people who never saw, never signed, and never agreed to, like, uh, the relatives of these passengers) are bound by a single word of these agreements, including any choice of jurisdiction, venue, or law provisions?  Moreover, your statements regarding the efficacy of these kinds of waivers across all of the United States generally is simply WRONG.  Your law school commercially-sold law outline on torts does not cover every state's law in particular.  This is unprofessional.  You don't even seem to recognize that James Cameron is no expert who could survive a Daubert challenge (you know what a Daubert chllenge is, right?)  You are no "legal eagle."  You are a legal TURKEY.
My reaction was for what for litter in the océano,then i remembered right the dead dudes
I mean the CEO himself paid with his life for this, so I don’t see the point of a lawsuit other than just getting money for money’s sake
So when is legal EAGLE gonna have a real pet eagle like John Cena in the peacemaker? It's the next logical step.
Your hair is magnificent. I cannot concentrate on the video
Wow, youre getting a lot wrong on the tech details
Who else knew a lot of this because they listen to the Behind the Bastards podcast episodes?! 😂😂😂
i honestly fail to see how an "expert" on the titanic and someone who works actuvely with the wreakage can be stupid enough to step into this deathtrap and expect a safe journey
if i was the ceo of that company i would hide somewere like fore expample next to the titanic to flee from the hate he gets now
At this point, what sane person would ever get in a submersible from OceansGate ever again. They might as well declare bankruptcy.
A CEO that gambled on unproven  technology and lost.  The problem is he took 4 people with him.
What i can't fathom, is these millionaires who paid for their spot on the sub doing little to no research about this thing. If the website clearly says "we have no certifications" and the waiver is even worse, you then you get in the sub and see it's controlled by a VIDEO GAME CONTROLLER, those were not signs you should turn around? I'm sorry but the only person I feel bad for is the young son who only came b/c their dad wanted. It seems like they all got swindled by a snake oil salesman.
in the end Stockton was wrong and should have listened ....implosion proves it ....
I saw Real Engineering's video upon its release and it was truly a staggeringly informative yet easily understood video explanation. I also suggest everyone interested in this to watch it as well.
What if messed up is they WILLINGLY used subpar materials, to construct a submersible vehicle. Visiting the Titanic, at about 2000lbs per square inch of pressure, yeah these guys need a knot in their ass for this ineptitude.
The Bahamas law will uphold the wavier
If Stockton Rush and OceanGate had put as much effort into designing a safe submersible as they did in ensuring they were insulated from lawsuits, then perhaps those passengers would still be alive.  The "Mission Specialists" who maxde a "donation" is the one that seems the most sleazy.
Why my wifi off?!?
There is no way going down to titanic in a Titan oceangate can cause severe injuries, probably a new opportunity to sue
It’s sad that this thing imploding with Rush in it is probably for the best. It might actually make one or two knuckleheads like him think twice about being so arrogant.
one thing we can learn I think is that if carbon fiber was used to provide an inner shell it could give a very survivable level of safety in an otherwise catastrophic case.
Being sued makes no sense.  It’s time people take accountability.  If I read a waiver that lists I could die 20 different ways and still choose to be bolted in a sketchy submersible.  YOU as the person that died had many chances to not die by reading the waiver and not signing or on dive day not getting into that POS.  Nobody forced them into the submersible but they paid 1/4 million and wanted to get on it knowing the possible consequences. It’s time the world starts making people take accountability for there actions.   Every person that got on that understood it was a gamble
The people that died in the Titan were billionaires which means that they have deep pockets for lawyers unlike the average people. Also in the US we tend to care more about the rich than the average joe so Oceangate is going to have a difficult time trying to win this outcome.
If hubris were a person, its name would be Stockton Rush.
Thare are just some things that can never be safe. These things should be left to professionals only or better yet made illegal for all. If you can't do it with out any risk it shouldn't be aloud at all.
I didn’t know that the submersible was struck by lightning. So, GOD himself warned Rush about that crap of submarine and he didn’t listen!!!
Perhaps, if Mr. Rush had taken an engineering course that taught him about the behaviour of carbon fiber composites under extreme pressure, he would have made some different design choices.
The CEO is dead is he not? The remains of the company owes the families compensation. Otherwise the money goes where? Inheritance? I don't think his kids need to be encouraged to keep the company going
Wow. Talk about shit-tons of hubris on the part of the owner.
After listening to this its crazy how law is. So many gotchas and small print stuff
Just the pictures of the inside and outside of that death trap sub are clearly bad. Seals between the half sections don't line up inside or out. The plexiglass looks like it's hot glued on. The back cone looks easily detached from the rest. It didn't break and crush. It fell apart on the way down, and tons of water rushed in, turning the crew into chum paint.   And during all that, because they were rich, everyone was paying attention to that, and not to the migrant boats that sank in the Med.   Thunderfoot also explained it on his channel.   That thing was a mess after dive one. They used carbon fiber. They didn't even seal the edges. It's like you can't just weld and glue plastic that will be under pressure like that.   They got back the ring of the porthole from the ocean. It was cracked. But most of it was cracked.   Unlike the simulations though, showing it imploding like a tin can, it was more like when you shake a pepsi carbonated soda plastic bottle and let out the top, in reverse, underwater. It's not the pressure that rushes in, but the water immediately breaching the shoddy plastic seals.   You can see that guy bragging next to bad seals right behind him in the cabin! Death trap. You can see bad seals all over. It ruptured like a soda bottle. No, a soda bottle is more seaworthy.
4:22 "tip of the iceberg"? really??
"Majorly sued".   What are you 12?
he just says "carbon fiber is better than titanium" it's just "better" he can't say it's stronger, more reliable, better tested, safer, etc. Better meaning much, much cheaper.
The ocean hungers for more. Feed it more billionaires
I think you're ignoring one other critical factor here. The passengers were all super rich, and their families can afford any army of lawyers they could want.
Several people, including Mr Beast all stated they were invited to go on the sub, and were each given a over confident market ploy of the sub being the safest thing they would travel on. It’s extremely hard to assume that Oceangate would not have said the same to those who joined in this expedition. And when the waiver was presented, and how would play a huge role. As it is possible that Rush got everyone excited for the expedition and then popped out the waiver in the heat of the excitement, passing it off as a formality with assurances of the subs safety. The wife of the Pakistani businessman was on board the ship as well when they went in, so she could be a potential witness.
"Had went ahead"? Do you not know the perfect verb tense? Do you not understand basic English grammar? And yet you're a lawyer?
The company will be bankrupted out of existence and I doubt the victims will get anything.
why?
Looks like a permission slip form for a 2nd grade field trip.
Bruh is qas struck by lightning?! 😂 Zeus said no bro and they didnt listen
I would hope so
All this information about the titan not being safe was well known before these people signed the form only people at fault are the ones that climbed into that doomed submersible
Forget they signed the "liability waiver". The Judge would have to be awfully crooked to ignore mitigating circumstance. Like calling ppl who've never submersed  "mission specialists", they were civilian passengers.
Who would have thought they were from a get sued up the ass for this ultimate YouTube prank video
Rush claimed that the carbon fiber shell was too thick to test with ultrasonic testing, then goes and says it's monitored with acoustic emission testing 🤦  Rush was a con man.
Can you do a video on illuminaughti
Wrong, it's "willful neglect" or "negligence". For instance, I'm shooting a movie & ignore all protocols, point a loaded firearm at some1 & pull the trigger. Ppl get shot, I'm liable $$$$ wise. Cuz I'm a liberal thespian, i quietly get criminal charges dismissed.
So what are we really suggesting here.. That Stockton's wife should be financially ruined.... his investors maybe... Who should suffer the consequences of Stockton's negligence in the event of his death???
The mantra of "go fast and break things" only works for innovation when you don't put human beings inside your equipment. Good god.
Darwinism at it's best, sadly, others suffered because of it.  I really question if all of them were on the sub though, or if they used it as a way to fake their death. Because I can't believe, at least the head of the company, would really be this dumb.
they got game controller  that just 100% sue able
Whom did he consider his "peers"? Ppl like dahmer, gacy, manson? Oh wait, even manson didn't actually kill any1 himself.
Luckily the company already has the "gate" suffix in its name, so it's setup well for scandalous allegations.
Yup, outlaw sounds right & like most outlaws b4 him, he met his' fate. Nobody in that tiny industry says anything but smug, hubris, & dangerous when talking about rush.
This was crazy!
This cappy rush, well wanna be, was an imbecile. If your automobile was making "crackling" sounds or "gunshots"/fireworks, would ya keep driving?
He should do this again but with a bigger sub so we can get rid of more billionaires.
This is a prime example that being rich ≠ being smart. This guy was the stupidest idiot ive ever heard of.
I literally had to rewind 3Xs, did cappy rush make the analogy that his' imploded deathtrap was like an i-phone & subs as blackberrys? The more I hear the less I feel, for rush.
Guess that CEO bumped into one of the few dangers of being way too rich (and thus powerful): the fact that people around start to be afraid to tell you NO, or even if a few have the nerve and integrity to tell you NO, they can't really stop you and you can easily replace them with people that tell you only what you want to hear. Usually that only turns you into a menace to others but in his case it came right back to bite him in the ass.
Have you guys ever seen iRobot? I'm referring to the one with Will Smith in it, in 2004.  There's a scene where robots, in the interest of protecting humanity, prevent humans from doing all things and simply shut them up into their own rooms for their own protection. Granny can't even cut her own vegetables.  My point is, that human beings are in a dangerous situation from the moment they're born. EACH AND EVERY SINGLE ONE IS GOING TO DIE, inevitably.  How they choose to get to that point is in-part up to them.  If someone signs a liability waver, then it ought to be upheld.  If courts are going to declare that people don't have the rights to take risks, and that they can overturn a liability waver at any point at any given date, or that courts can reinterpret such rights/agreements at a later date at their own leisure, then essentially, the courts are saying that people don't have the right to take any personal risk whatsoever. I for one wouldn't have wanted to go onto that submarine but I do feel as though it's society's duty to ensure that people have, you know, basic rights. The right to knowingly engage in risk certainly ought to be considered a basic right that needs to be protected. There are some things I'd like to do in life that might involve a liability waver and I'd hate to think of a future where people can't do such things because governments/courts have time-and-time again shown that such waves literally just don't matter by overturning them down the road. It's dystopian.
Love ur vids bro but u gotta chill w the spray tanning my boy 😭😭😭😭im sayin this with love it’s hella obvious
These rich bastards are going to brag to their friends that they survived the other dives.
OceanGate does deserve to be sued, 4 lives were lost due to their negligence 😔
Rich ppl doing rich ppl stupid things leads to them getting richer… 🤔
Narcissists doin´what nasrcissists do! J*rk*ng off their own ego and endangering lifes. I´m allways baffled when people call such behaviour admirable entrepreneurship and not the mental health  problem that it is!
And they've joined the exclusive club 😂
It doesn't matter if you have a waiver if the issue is due to negligence or fault of the company and not the people hurt
Considering the waiver, I am not sure how much standing family members will have. Outside of that, the company should be 1000% liable for footing the search and recovery bills. The tax payers should not be on the hook to subsidize search and rescue efforts that were the result of a highly negligent company.
Look at that Smug grin on Stockton Rush. The defiance is clearly seen in his eyes. He certainly didn’t outsmart the Laws of Physics with his underwater “Tupperware-Tube”…..
Billionaires suing for what? MOAR money?
That waiver would have scared the Hell out of me.
Oceangate needs to be sued out of existence.  What was the cost of the multi-national effort to rescue/recover, and who gets to pay for it?
I’m sorry…why did they name it Oceangate?? The “gate” suffix is well known in culture for something that is widely disastrous. That’s a horrible name for a company to begin with.
The titanic didn’t have a design defect. The damage to the ship exceeded the expectations of the designers. Since it’s impossible to make something unsinkable. Yes, higher bulkheads would have possibly save the ship. But that doesn’t rise to the level of defect.
Experimental Definition: (of a new invention or product) based on untested ideas or techniques and not yet established or finalized.
Although no one perished, can you analyze the legal situation of the S. S. Minnow?
I mean, the guy responsible for it was IN it when it imploded.
What's crazy is the guy responsible is dead so how you going to sue somebody who's dead The company wasn't in charge of what happened The guy who died was!!!!
14:31 oh my god. Even STADIA had a more efficient setup than the Titan.
I’d argue that while it was unseaworthy, the owner also died in the accident so I even if he was deluded, he definitely believed it was safe
Every country that is linked to this event should have the rights to file charge. Like, all at the same time. It would be really funny and I wanna see this rich asshole get what's coming to him.
Reasonable person capacity of choice is a weird concept when you talk about complexe engineering.
I think gross negligence goes out the window with the CEO of the company dying on board as well. If the whole concept of the crime is based on “purposeful endangerment “ no one could surmise that same person would willingly subject themselves so that same danger. It states even if he was wrong he believed the vessel was safe … yay laws
No point suing them - the guy in charge is dead 😂
Stockton Rush's punishment will be death by implosion.
Looks like a pretty solid case against OceanGate. Only thing I think their lawyers could try to come with is that gross negligence has a component of malice or at least recklessness (meaning that you don't really care about the consequences), but since the guy taking most if not all of these bad decisions went down with the sub as well, it could be argued that it was ordinary negligence since he didn't really believe the issues pointed to him were a problem - unless someone can prove he had a death wish. However, that might only buy them some time since it can be said that if he didn't have a death wish, at least he had an unchecked ego that made him reckless.
Sue them as oceangate  claiming bankruptcy so a lawsuit will be pointless as they will not recover their legal costs
everyone tried to warn the guy, but his ego prevailed, causing him to die in the most preventable way  definitely gross negligence
Putting gate at the end of your name is asking for trouble.
I've been 20ft below the surface of a lake, essentially free diving with no equipment at all. You don't have to go down far to feel that pressure. After a handful of trips down I had a MASSIVE headache.
they shouldn't be aloud to do sardine tin travels no more but they shouldn't get sued if the people that was stupid enough to go down signed legal paperwork first.
Safety regulations are written in red paste.
They're closed.  I imagine they're broke.  Rush obviously is fish food.
Objection !   At 19:27 you claimed "White Star Line...bragged it was virtually unsinkable". White Star Lines never claimed the ship was unsinkable. Instead, a 1911 nautical magazine called the ship "practically unsinkable" and that moniker stuck. Souce: Brewster, Hugh and Laurie Colter "882 1/2 Amazing Answers to your Questions about the Titanic", at page 88.
How tf could they say “it’s safer than a helicopter?” Like you can’t just say shit like that without proper evidence / research. The reason people say planes are safer than cars is because there’s actual data to look at. I gaurantee there’s not enough data for the titanic submarines
In shallow waters? I am sure that sub was safe, but two miles is just way too much for such a submersible. Given the lack of care with regards to safety of the sub and it's passengers, that seems pretty negligible to me.
It really seems like it comes down to if the company having knowledge that their vehicle and procedures were unsafe, which given all the evidence that seems likely. I don't think these technicalities they've implemented will save them in the long run and I suspect a judge will make an example of them by giving maximum fines or whatever.
I heard the passengers signed the waver just shortly before the dive, after they paied. If this would be true, then the waver would be almost worthless.
What if you were skydiving under a "double dog dare"?
Open the noooooor!!!
$250,000 per ticket to go on that trip... Hell, you couldn't pay ME that amount to go on that thing
hopefully the law suits will put them out of business.
While I agree with 99.9% of what was said.  Please people get off the narrative that the game controller was a problem. It was and is NOT a problem. Police, Army, Firefighters etc. are using Xbox, Playstation or what ever controllers for partly crucial operations. The controller is the least of the problems that sub had.
I understand that it was a "Bahama Law" but it was a us based business and was operated of of a Canadian vessel and Canadian port. Its strange that I could come up with a document which I could presume to use Andorra as its basis which I don't operate from.
The only thing that will help the victims is being able to prove that he lied to them about the structure and durability,but in fairness the waiver mentioned death many times lol
All of the legal loopholes they jumped through to avoid liability should be considered as evidence if this goes to trial.
It can be truly said that they had an experience they remembered for the rest of their lives.
thats what you get if woke people take over. hope this rush guy rots in hell
It's like someone saying that flying in a small Cesna 172 that wasnt properly mantained, didnt pass any inspection or regulations and was piloted by an amateur pilot, was safer than with a certified pilot with 5000h of experience in a certified A321 that is fully inspected each dawn. That guy was insane.
And to me not even being a lawyer this is gross negligence everybody told him the vehicle was unsafe it was pieced together from store-bought parts that I could buy from Menards gross negligence
Massive, unrestrained hubris results in ocean debris 😛
I find it absolutely mental that cracking sounds of the hull and window were used as a safety feature. Literal parts of the sub audibly breaking under pressure were used as a SAFETY feature. Who in the right mind thought that was a good idea and not absolute madness? If the sub is crackleing then it's too late, there should have been more advanced equipment picking up on early signs of problems, way before you can audibly hear them.
clicked the video cause i thought there would be an eagle subbed cuz ur pretty cool and I think I saw u in a lindsay ellis vid? i dunno
I think we all wish this tragedy never happened
You are probably more likely to survive attempted suicide than a dive in the Titan
The use of off the shelf electronics didn't contribute to this tragedy.  It's the faulty design, construction materials, and practices that led to this tragedy.
Oceangate. HMMmm. Could this have been a prophecy??? Watergate, criminality? I wonder.
A CEO saying he knows what he's doing is like your jobs founder claiming you don't know how to do your job
4:22 I see what you did there 🤭
I'm sorry but.... Lightning is going to fry/break anything it hits...  that's not a viable critique. There's plenty of better issues with the Titan sub to point out.
Where was these people.... BEFORE THIS INCIDENT???
All these effecs i have seen in Illuminaughty videos, you guys must have copied her style
12:01 Objection! Drysuits use an 'inflator hose', not an 'inflator nose'.
So many opinions on this... Stockton is literally Elon Musk just less lucky. Humanity advance require risk. These egotistical sociopaths are the ones who get it done for better or worse. NASA has killed many people on their way to safe space travel. At some point you have to take your safety into your own hands. I can 100% guarantee i will not die sky diving if i dont go sky diving...  This is like reverse CEO doufas defense. How could i possibly know all my employees were doing all this illegal crap im only the CEO.   How could i possibly know it was unsafe i only signed a waiver talking about how unsafe it was....oh also all the public news reports about how sketch the previous voyages were. Give me a break this is not taking advantage of a blind homeless guy these people had $250k to literally burn...  You know what's better than being cool sometimes? Being alive...
Absolute madness that they clearly consulted multiple lawyers but seemingly not a single engineer
Accidents happen. OceanGate is safe!
that ending segway from tragedy to sales pitch for Brilliant felt so cold like doing an axe commercial after talking about an axe murderer.
Why do you look like Jim from The Office?
If I had a nickel for every time there was a massive scandal/tragedy that involved an aquatic-themed gate, I'd have 2 nickels. Which isn't a lot, but it's strange that it happened twice
There was hella defective equipment, the guy was hella neglectful, and the list goes on, I really hope they throw away the waiver and go after the company! All this dodging of the law, regulations, and experts, the guy knew what he was doing!  I feel bad for the kid he really didn't want to go! I hope he's in a better place.
CEO is dead. Muti-hundred-million dollar suit incoming. No one is going to take the reigns. And no one should. Every penny goes to the victims families and adios OceanGate.
4.23 it was only the tip of the iceberg alright!
Yea! The CEO of a company will actually face punishment for their gross negligence for once! Oh wait...
New level of horror with this whole situation is that window might’ve started to crackle moments before it imploded so they might’ve known they were about to die. That’s so sad.
This you Tuber is sensation Guy
I cannot believe people believed this buffoon.
What strikes me is,  if you're wealthy enough to spend 250k to see the titanic, can't you also afford to see it with a company with a proven safety record? I can't imagine all these people were unaware of the problems with the sub, they are wealthy enough that someone should have been paid to research anything dangerous they did thoroughly.
As it should be sued into bankruptcy.  4 other people are dead because of Rush’s massive ego and arrogance.
I think Nargeolet wanted to die down there and knew it was a quick and painless death. I just can’t wrap my head around what he was doing there. Considering he has been down there so many times inside probably the best subs in the world. I read somewhere a close friend of his was telling him what a mistake it was and the way he responded alluded to him being ready to die.
Anyone that got in this thing was stupid enough to do so voluntarily. They signed a waiver and now families are of course coming crying.
From day one on this thing I've believed that there were two kinds of people on that sub. Group one was the kid who didn't want to go on it but it was forced to. Group number to was Darwin award recipients.
People made their decisions, their risk. No monies given out.
the greedy way he’s said “everyone said not to use carbon fiber, but I DIDNT LISTEN”! he said that before he drowned in his own rich boy toy
Literally everyone who knows what they're talking about regarding submarines: bro your sub sucks Rich guy who thinks the rules don't apply to him: bro it's good trust meeeeeee Also Rich guy who thinks the rules don't apply to him:oh boy! I get to be crab food
Who didn't think they were going to get sued like crazy?😂
Such a waste of life for negligence.
It's pretty obvious that Rush thought he was the future, and now he just the past...  Unfortunately, he had to take others with him!
Thank you👏😁👍 that answered all my questions I had in the situation!!
I love this channel and love your content, but the estate of the victims should be paying for their rescue, not recovering anything. Instead middle class taxpayers will foot the bill for the National Guard and that is _NOT_ okay ...
All I know is we're getting a banger movie in the future and an oceangate act in the law
I think it should be fair that if they refused to submit to any national construction regulations, therefore waivers should not be applicable in the any national legal system. Shouldn't get to have the cake and eat it too.
"I'll tell you the problem with the scientific power that you're using here: it didn't require any discipline to attain it. You read what others had done and you took the next step. You didn't earn the knowledge for yourselves, so you don't take any responsibility for it. You stood on the shoulders of geniuses to accomplish something as fast as you could and before you even knew what you had you patented it and packaged it and slapped it on a plastic lunchbox, and now you're selling it, you want to sell it! Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think whether or not they should" -Dr Ian Malcolm
"It's going to be an iphone of the submarines" How thick headed, delusional and full of yourself you have to be to utter those ridiculous words?
It seems to me that Stockton Rush was trying to stay a step or two ahead of the law in his operations. He appears to have taken great pains to make sure that, IF there were an accident or catastrophe, that his company would be able to dodge accountability. IF ONLY he had been that dedicated to making sure that Titan was SAFE for people to travel in.
That thing didn’t have a single good test or trip… why would anyone get into that thing?!? All of those bad tests and trips were on the news and online too. If you googled that thing, nothing good came up. You’re basically going to the bottom of the ocean in a 2 star submarine. A bunch of idiots with more money than brains.
Diving ⚰️
Ocean Gate 💀
The classic case of a little knowledge means a lot of incompetence. The guy was willfully ignorant and purposefully ignored all advice from everyone telling him this thing was deadly. It seems to be pretty clear to me that it was gross negligence, but lawyers take what is reasonable and turn it on it's ear.
There's no way in hell that "waiver" holds up
😂 Depth UP to 4,000 meters... stay legal, eagle.
I just wants to add that @RealEngineering (at 5:31) talks about the carbon fiber cylinder and was not talking about the acrylic window.
"Stockton Rush". I would never put my safety in the hands of someone whose name screams privileged ass*ole. Either that or he borrowed it from a bad romance novel because his real name was Fred Smith.
I'm sorry but Stockton Rush is not only guilty of negligence but criminality. The man definitely had a death wish but didn't want to die alone.
This isn't just Watergate... it's Oceangate
My understanding is that this vehicle had some successful dive before this event? If so, I’m more impressed that it stood up to even a single dive tbh.  Depending on cost, if they had built a new one on each dive it may have been a good starting point for relatively inexpensive exploration for scientific purposes.
All the evidence here points to gross negligence.  Rush blithely ignored a letter from multiple important figures in the submersible world that explicitly stated that his untested stuff wasn’t meeting the rigorous industry standards, and he was even recorded as saying that “You know, at some point, safety is just pure waste.  I mean, if you just want to be safe, don’t get out of bed.”  That’s pretty incontrovertible evidence of gross negligence in the face of numerous individuals telling him that he needed to get with the program and have his sub properly tested (where it would have been discovered that the carbon fiber hull would have delaminated and imploded) if not the acrylic viewport that was only certified to 1300 meters.    There’s no waiver in the world that can cover that kind of behavior.  He knew the sub was dangerous and untested but he took people down in it anyway, and now he’s fishpaste.
"Five people were ready to accept extraordinary risk in order to see the ruins of the Titanics ruins they now join the club they were fascinted with" DUDEEEE 💀💀💀
Carbon fiber composite...made with epoxy resin...epoxy resin will continue to harden, becoming more brittle over time. This leads to a catastrophic failure with repeated stress and relief of the composite material.
I don’t think so because the company wasn’t straightforward about the risks. The “guests” didn’t know how unsafe the sun was. If they did, they would not have gone down!  Excellent video! You have a new subscriber. And I actually will call your firm!
They aren’t gonna have any money left to pay anyone😂
Where's the footage of the people getting in, locked in the sub, descending into the ocean?
Just show this vlog in court and you're a winner.
June 17: Stockton Rush June 18: Stockton Mush
It wasn't even a science endeavour, it was just bunch of bored rich people looking for thrills.
Also heard the carbon fiber and or more parts was outdated and bought at a heavily discounted price
THEY NOT DEAD......... THEY ALL CHILLIN 😎 ON EPSTEIN ISLAND 🏝
The only goos thing about this is that the idiot billionaire died as well instead of hiding  and refusing to use his own deathtrap
Super pumped this “company” is getting sued after neglecting safety concerns, more than once.
Who could have known that hiring people based on appearance and because they check imaginary woke boxes and NOT competence could be a problem?!  Imagine asking your pilot, physician, plumber to be actually COMPETENT at their job? xD.  Good riddance. Go woke go broke, literally in this case xD
No body realize oceangate was an assasination
They provided some kind of bucket with a zip-loc bag as a toilet..... I'm pretty sure that was to show the media.....I mean which billionaire is squatting down to crap , or getting their junk out to pee in front of 4 others in a space that small? ....and I suspect embarking on such a terrifying journey would have nerves on edge(which triggers the poopoo reflex)...  Yeah, nah, the real story were the waterproof pants provided...
I haven't seen one American doing a video about this that has pronounced New - Found - Land properly lol. I've heard Newfindlend, NewfoundLend. lol
that email was…yikes..incriminating
That prick Stockton Rush purchased expired carbon fiber from Boeing.
WAIT A SECOND , add AT THE END OF THE VIDEO ?! I LOVE YOU xD
They should be sued into oblivion! The rich have this idea they are untouchable and that's because of politicians this pathetic culture we live in etc and it's time for real justice. There blood ain't no more precious than me and mine
These people are billionaires. The company will file bankruptcy and the owner is dead.  Yall not getting compensated that much
Don't get me started on PADI - it's ridiculously unsafe compared with the old UK training system, that had the lowest level qualification of 3rd class diver for sport diving up to 30m or 100ft. It took ab average of a 1 year to qualify and you had to take 2 written exams plus many pool based tests as well as open water dives and tests. PADI is a joke. Ask a PADI diver about Boyle's law, ask them what hypoxia, anoxia and drowning are.😂
Carbon fibre for a pressurised air tank (internal pressure) is fine and is used - ca. 3000 psi.  For 4000 metres of external pressure (ca. 6000 psi) it's generally regarded as unsuitable. External vs internal is key here. The waiver should have pointed out just how unorthodox the construction was.
I think the argument from real engineering about the futility of the monitoring system was related to the carbon fiber hull, not to the acrylic. He does not provide any commentary on that.
I doubt his paying suckers were told 13 other experts in the field had written a letter saying the submersible was a death trap. If he didn't tell them, those waivers are worthless. Personally, I think the morons who allowed themselves to be bolted into that thing, with no way to escape even on the surface, were suicidal and deserve no compensation, but that's just me. You can't account for stupidity, and getting into an unqualified submersible which he called "experimental" to avoid having it rigorously tested (this was public knowledge), was incredibly stupid. Wealth does not equal intelligence. Obviously.
Idk what it is but I just noticed Legal Egal kind of looks like Hunter Biden
But if the waiver is unenforceable generally because the conditions are so outlandish, does that make section specifying that it’s governed by the laws of the Bahamas invalid? Oceangate is based in Washington State, and that’s where the sub was built (and the legal documents probably originated)
This guy got mad for someone warning him of the danger he was in. Interesting.
Wow. Impressive presentation! I learned so much, tho, I think we all wish this tragedy never happened 💔
I read they were not insured, no agency would insure them?
Rightfully so!!
"...And that's just the tip of the iceberg." Terrible but hilarious 😂
Are you quite sure of your assertion that White Star Line advertised the Titanic as unsinkable??? To the best of my knowledge, the only body to make such a primary claim was the Daily Mail.....a newspaper best known for being very Pro Hitler a few years down the line, and has more or less maintained that lovely outlook ever since.
Gate" the worlds got that extra lost factor with this one, countless zombies looking in to the Gate part to much again....
"Who needs safety protocol!?" - a very deceased Stockton Rush
They knew they were up to no good.
The sad part is that 2 of the passengers were father and son, and the son was afraid of going on this trip but did it for his father for father's day.
Wow, that waiver seems to make a lot of admissions from Oceangate.  Considering the industry clearly foresaw disaster and tried to address this - gross negligence is a serious possibility indeed.
That lightning was probably God saying "What are you, nuts?  You'd better reconsider"
who cares
Wow! You can't go that deep in a toy like that! They should have used a robot!
Lol you can't sue oceangate those morons singed a piece saying they can't sue
I dont think a lawsuit is deserved. Apparently it stated multiple times that the risk of death is great on the contract. They seperately had to sign a waver that stated the same, multiple times. I have no sympathy for anybody involved. Everybody knew what they were getting into for a long time before embarking. Eveybody has long time to think about it knowing full well the entirety if the situation. You cant come knocking now imo. In what situation would their death be acceptable you think?
Did LegalEagal forget to include a link to RealEngineerings video in their description? This is something too many youtube channels often forget to do. It kind of sucks
I feel like a waiver that's trying to make you sign it, before reading it, shouldn't ever be signed.
I think any judge would be mad NOT to find, bare minimum, gross negligence. It's extremely well-documented.
a lot more than 5 people went down in that sub, wasnt its first rodeo.
The CEO is dead, don’t think he cares much.
Imagine trying to sue because you were stupid enough to even do this… like just no. Stop.
Crazy so many people take this trip
They paid to go for a ride in a uncertified shit box knowing they may die, they deserve nothing. You wanted cheap now you need to accept the outcome of you're actions.
but the family did not sign that did they
Talk slow man
I feel sorry for the surviving members of a familys    It's at the family member That died to do this were that stupid
I think it was the sound of Stockton Rush's nasally voice and the fact that he never seemed to shut up or take a breath ultimately caused the submersible to implode.
All we hear is negligence on part of OceanGate. Don't the passengers also have some sort of due diligence?  I mean they accepted shady business practices (signing up as experts not passengers), they ignored all the warning that was available and signed the waiver. And on the side of OceanGate does the presence of Rush void negligence? Seems more like arrogance and stupidity.
Is the company even going to have money to make a payout if the families win lawsuits against them?
Ocean gate getting sued???? This is as surprising as Barbie being female.
It almost sounds like regulations are a good thing for the general public.
No victims, just volunteers. They signed their own death certificates by going into that tin can
Man you made my head hurt with all these laws lol
OceanGate getting sued?!?!?!?!  I never saw that one coming!
OceanGate is getting sued??? NO SHIT SHERLOCK!
Do you think they really read the waiver? I don’t think so
Let's be honest here. The main problem for Oceangate is that any single one of the billionaires who died in their sub is wealthier than Stockton Rush. White Star Lines was able to obtain all sorts of leniency because they had more money to play than the suitors. Oceangate has nowhere near the financial ability to influence any judge or court to favor them over their wealthier victims' families. This is why they're well and truly screwed.
Please mr fancy lawyer man, tell me what a “submersival” is
They didn't want to hire the best pilot because "old white man". That must be gross negligence and discrimination
Rich people do be having rich people problems.
-guy who went threw times- Yeah there was a lot of problems. It was dangerous. ... And yet he went three damn times. Just... why? The first time wasn't enough?
The CEO actually used "McGyver" as a verb describing how the craft was put together and folks still got on it. 👀 SMH
Can you sue over being stupid?
This sounds like gross negligence.
It would have been fine if they bought the 4,000m glass… but they insisted on cutting corners and only bought the 1,500m glass.   The company made glass that would go that far but they didn’t want it.
Not to be a dick, but it's not like the people suing Oceangate need anymore money...
Does this company even have any assets after the submersible imploded?
Curious whether Oceangate was insured and if the insurance would actually be the ones on the hook for any judgements.
The son didnt want to go. He was terrified. But he went because it was fathers day 😢
I think they faked their deaths if you ask me
>zipties
This waver of liability is highly sketchy and whoever reads it without rethinking his decision and coming to the conclusion that whatever the waver is about is an extremely bad idea is just naive.
If that was really the waiver and those people signed it, then it's not negligence from oceangates but also from those people.when everything is Soo clear.
I'm pretty sure they are finished anyway.
This is the definition of gross negligence.
Huh, the man who blatantly tried to avoid or straight up cheat around safety regulations lied about the safety of these trips, who would’ve thought.
Yeah sue all you can, it can revive the dead.
Ask a pilot what he says while taking off the runway…. WE MIGHT NOT MAJE IT TO OUR DESTINATION  WE CHOOSE WGAT WE FO DAILY   GETTING INTO THAT TINY 250k  spot is no difference ZTGE WAVER TELLS IT TO YOU ALL THE WAY
I think the comparison from The Titan to The Titanic is quite unfair to The Titanic. At the time of construction, The Titanic was indeed one of the safest ships ever constructed, far exceeding safety requirements at the time, and _still_ The Titanic's sister ships were made even safer using knowledge gained during its construction (before the sinking). The simple fact is that no ship constructed at the time could have survived such an impact, and most would have dropped like stones pretty much instantly.  The builders of the Titanic were pioneers of ship design, and they successfully made something groundbreaking.  The people who built the Titan on the other hand had no excuse. They were not pioneering new safety designs, they were just building it on the cheap and calling it "innovation." We already know how to make safe submersibles that can travel to the Titanic, and they added nothing of value to that pool of knowledge.
Rush saying he wanted all young people was prolly cause older more experienced people would of called him out every step of the way. He wanted young and gullible.
This guy looks like a cross between Ryan Reynolds and john Krasinski 😂
Does the behaviour of Stockton Rush and his statements in any way undermine the waiver, I.e., if he made statements which contradicted the warnings, could those statements undermine the enforceability of the waiver?
But the death waiver I think they signed it
One thing that absolutely escapes me is, these "Mission Specialists" are incredibly wealthy and commercially successful people, how come none of their advisors, legal or otherwise, identified this "mission", or indeed the organisers as problematic.
Not getting it certified for operation should count
The submersible ‘wasn’t fit for purpose’…. Regardless of ANY waivers. The only people who will be drawing this out are solicitors out to get a pound of flesh.
Just sign your life away and go down in a submersible off the continental shelf to some outrageous depth under super massive water pressures and HOPE it holds together. If it doesn't your relatives will sue, so don't worry.
This garage kit submersible was a death trap waiting to happen. The fact that he dismissed anyone who warned him says everything. And to be sealed into this thing without any way to get out and no redundancy systems is sheer lunacy, and anyone with even an ounce of common sense wouldn’t have even entered it. Hopefully, the company will be dismantled and swept into the bin marked Darwin Award Winner.
I love watching the arrogant videos of "I know better than the experts" after the sh*t hits the fan.  And the journalist laughing along.  Also... obscenely safe? How can you complain that things are too safe XD
Good.
Oceangate should be liable , let's not forget the five who joined the already resting place of the titanic .
LegalEagle is a grandstanding bigmouth
Pretty sure a waiver is not helping you over gross negligence. Which it was, since they fired somebody over security concerns...
You still have laws that are 150 years old or even older?! Xd united states is so broken lmao
Imagine someone tried to "disrupt" regular air travel while railing against "obscene safety". They'd have airplanes lawndarting into cities like we imagined the Y2K bug to do. Fortunately there are no international waters in air travel.
There's more than enough evidence to prove there were intellectual negligence to drag Stockton Rush's corpse from hell to sue the living shit out of him and sentence him back to hell ten times and over.
I gather that the letter composed by the Marine Technology Society, was not delivered to Oceangate, as it was concerned about some legal issues which could arise.  Instead, representatives had only face to face, verbal, meeting with Rush
Why did those STOOPID grown adults (we know why Suleman went bless him) Even THINK about getting in that tin can. Fate fate fate.
Gross Negligence should be “No problem”.  All they have to do is bring all the marine engineering professionals, submersible specialists & all professionals in both fields who begged Stockton to reconsider putting people’s lives at risk.  I hope Ocean Gate is legally buried deeper than the depth of the Titanic.
Can i sue them for emotional trauma and ptsd if i feel like watching the news coverage about it traumatized me?
Your face looks ai deepfaked today
Yeah, No one is shocked about this company being sued.
And this was our regular reminder that safety regulations are written in blood 🙃
Why is anyone surprised that billionaires are suing lol?  I stopped caring about this story the moment i heard billionaires.
Will this scandal be referred to as Oceangate or “Oceangate gate”?
Ocean Gate was a privately owned company, and the CEO/founder is dead. The company has shut down. So who/what will get sued?
Nothing matters until people die.
Everyone hates regulations until something bad happens
Legal Eagle is the Vsause of law, he hooks you in with a weird question or topic, then goes off on a rant about other things similar to what he's talking about, teaching you a ton about the surrounding topic, love your work bro
Glad he didn't build a car 😂😂😂 alloy wheels? Naaaaa use lego, Steel chassis we don't need that use foam lol I do not think that waiver will hold up the company has ammited liability in writing within the waiver in writing stating that the sub wasn't safe and they knew that, so all in all a court of law should really over rule the waiver shouldn't they?
i'll do you guys a favor. nobody can sue, since the victims signed their own death certificate. your welcome. move on to the next vid and save some time
Fish have to eat too.
It’s like ridding a roller coaster but signing a waiver wether it’s going to be safe or not. Lol
0:53 too soon
It's a good video, but it's getting to me when he says "submersiVle"  It's submersiBle.
4:20 how many takes did it take to say that with a serious face,cause that cant be just a uncoincidential pun xD
Why don't you take on the case?
I'm hoping when they named the company they didn't go with a "-gate" suffix knowing a scandal was incoming
After having watched countless youtube videos of this sub I cannot believe that anyone would be stupid enough to pay 250.000 to go in this death trap, I would have thought the passengers would have taken the time to look into this company hell I spend hours just researching reviews on computer parts when I upgrade my PC
And the people who went on those expeditions were more than happy to go to a place with less regulations, so that they could make their “dreams” come true.  🤷🏼‍♂️
Man where did you get that tie,is so cool i want one!!!
How can Oceangate be sued, for simply having the skill to persuade a bunch of idiots to sign up?
Even I, a numpty from Australia, know that carbon fibre is NOT good with compressive forces, that it hates repeated compression/expansion events, and that the noises you hear are due to fibre breaking, not getting stronger. That it was built with carbon fibre would have stopped me climbing aboard in the first place, but the thruster control design was insanity icing on a negligence cake.
I really do wish rush wasn’t on that sun when it imploded. I wish he was on the support ship so that way he could watch as his company get sued into oblivion and for him to go to prison
In US, you can sue any foreign entity in federal court.
Safety regulations are put in place for well safety. Ignoring them is too risky.
People overblow the significance of the fact that the sub was controlled by a PS5 controller, seriously. Sony and other electronic entertainment companies have had decades to perfect the design of a controller that is intuitive and ergonomic. Why should OceanGate reinvent the wheel? Is it just disdain for video games that causes people to read thusly?  The real sin was that they left the controller in its default state of wireless and loose, rather than wiring it into the wall and fixing it in place. Why would they want their control mechanism to have extra points of failure in the Bluetooth connection and battery? Why would they want to have a control mechanism that they could accidentally drop on the floor and cause inadvertent control input?
I guess their bank accounts will implode as well.
The limitation act is absolutely terrible, it should be repealed
The key problem was the too rapid decent. Flexing inward of the carbon fiber tube would reduce the air space volume! This would cause negative bouyancy leading to fast decent. 😢 sad situation as carbon fiber tube total implosion was result.
You only talked about gross negligence on the part of OG/SR.  But what about fraud?  OG/SR’s fraudulent claim of Boeing, Nasa, and UoW involvement in the sub’s design must surely influenced the passengers’ perception of the level of risk of death.  Otherwise they wouldn’t have made the claim.  This would make the waiver invalid, wouldn’t it?
I just assumed it was a current gamepad. Official PS5 or Series X. It was a third party one from two generations ago. That'd be the biggest red flag for me.
wait ryan reynolds the older, as a lawyer..??
Forget this TITANIC - the movie in the town of Chillingbourne is better.
Love the video, ome thing that bugs me is that when something like this happens people nitpick every little thing as being part of the problem. Overall the sub was insanely unsafe and I'm furious beyond belief at the ego trip and ignorance of that awful man! However people keep bringing up the game controller as one of the issues, it wasn't game controllers have actually become standard equipment in the military being used in drones, by bomb technicians and even in the virginia class submarines! The problems the sub experienced with navigation were unrelated to the contoller and more the result of shotty propulsion systems and subpar comnection. I highly doubt any of those issues were related to the actual controller which itself was probably working find. My main issue here is just peoples determination to find fault with every single thing they can when a tragedy like this happens.
There nothing left and no one to sue or prosecute.  Do you think Oceangate had any assets beyond Rush's workshop?.  Do you think any insurance company would insure an experimental craft with no outside testing?  Maybe Rush could be held personally liable beyond the shield of incorporation, but his assets aren't going to cover the losses.
Unfortunately for Rush and his crew, his ego was only matched by his arrogance to ignore the science and expertise of others.
Hey, Devin, could be a good video to go over the McKamey Manor contract if you haven't already. @RecklessBen has a video on it trying to infiltrate it.
@LegalEagle: You know what would make an interesting video? Skiplagging. It's something that airlines are cracking down on. It raises an interesting question: why shouldn't I be able to waive my rights to all or part of a contract? After all, it's like if I had bought a ticket to Disneyland, Disney can't claim that I am contractually bound to visit.
Oceangate don’t have any money 😂
L'eagle..ahhh.
Who ever wrote up the waver in general has no shame.
Honestly having camping world door handles and "off brand" game controller are/should be no big deal. But at the same time red flags
They were adventures adventures die, it makes since people die on everest every year and no one cares
I think we got rid of a few billionaires.  We should be thankful, and move on.
Volenti non fit injuria.
Odds on favorite for a winner in this year's Darwin awards.
I love that Oceangate stated that they worked with NASA and then it came out that they just bought expired carbon fibre from them. Hahaha. In light of that I have recently worked with Apple, Nvidia and Tesla!! Such foolish behaviour from Oceangate and although I’m joking I still recognise the deaths of those on board and do not, in any way find it amusing they lost their lives.
There are only four people who can sue for wrongful death…the wives. One wife is dead (Nargeolet), one wife would be suing herself (Rush) and the other the other two don’t seem to be in need of money, so the chances of a lawsuit are slim. OceanGate has been exposed and shut down now.  It has the reputation of deception and criminality.  Perhaps the investors will sue for fraud, but who knows.
Oceangate is a hoax, just like Russiagate. This will all implode soon.
The passengers knew the risk they got into. I just feel sorry for the 19 yrs old kid. He trusted his dad. He just wanted him to be happy on the Father’s day.
I think Stockton was a borderline psychopath and grossly involved the passengers  in his all too common death defying stunts psychopaths are known to partake in.
Did HeavenGate suicide cult 1997 waiver form hold up in court?
As a Newfoundlander, thank you for bothering to pronounce it better than like 99% of the population XD
as much as people liked to make fun of the logitech controller it was the safest part of the sub. It was a structural issue not a control or electronics issue.
Glad the owner rush is dead.
Am I on crack or does this guy keep saying “Submerssivle”??? 🤷🏻‍♂️
I'm sure plenty of people have already said it but the Logitech F710 is not a PS3 controller. It's a PC controller. It's got ABXY buttons for Pete's sake!
Hey man, you tell us that law in the Bahamas is based on English common law. Then spend ages talking through various US courts' approaches to waivers. So why bot just call a British lawyer for a very simple answer.... in English common law you cannot contract your way out of a common law duty of care.  For example the rubbish that lots of ski resorts print on the back of lift tickets absolving the company and employees of responsibility for injury or death even if caused by negligence never holds up in an English, Scottish, Australian (or Bahamian) court. You have a "duty of care" when selling goods or services which you cannot get out of.
"We only have one button, that's it. If you press it, the thing implodes!" 😅
This is just like another "pump and dump" scheme perpetrated by a delusional, greedy and privileged person who takes advantage of the gullibility of other people.   My prayers go out to those affected by this.
It is sad that 4 other people had to lose their lives, in order to get this disgusting human out of our ecosystem. Do not rest in peace Rush.
Its "Deflate-Gate" part 2, the instantaneous Decompression- State of Oceans-Gate! Lol😂 There your Thumb nail!
Let's face it RUSH was a DELUSIONAL FOOL.
More than five have been in the plastic sub
Reminder that all safety regulation is written in human blood. Not enough people know or care about this.
his ego and his stubbornness destroyed passengers' families lives and tarnished his family and his company name. good riddance. lesson learned
So basically what this clause is saying is. It gives the right for companies to know about failures send the ships out kills a bunch of people blame it on other things and pay out a minimal as possible? I mean they deserve to go bankrupt its not the company they're protecting its their wealthy friends. Do you realize how many companies wouldn't exist if it weren;t for these bailouts and clauses that allow them to kill millions a year. Remember it ain;t a Justice system it's a LEGAL system. they created it so they can win at it.
"5 people were willing to," except for the kid whose dad pressured him into going, despite the fact that he told everyone else he was terrified and didn't want to, but didn't want to disappoint his dad.
It's a shame Rush was aboard the Titan as this happened. I would have liked to see his face as he realised multiple people are dead as a direct result of his frankly mindboggling disregard for safety regulation, and that everyone who was concerned about that was 100% right to be. He deserved a lifetime of thinking over his stupidity. Death was the easy way out.
It got hit by lightning. Even god was warning them against it
Sued by filthy rich people????? The people knew exactly what they were getting into so stacking more money does absolutely nothing. They all played a part.
This may sound out of context, but has anybody told you that you look like an older Ryan Ronalds😅
I think Rush's media and legal choices are going to do to Oceangate what his engineering choices did to the Titan.
Liability waivers are intended to stop them being sued for things out of their control, not to excuse them for their own failures to ensure safety.
Lmao this guy deserves a darwin award. Scoffs at safety regulations, uses off the shelf parts to make a DIY DSV, and as if DIY submarine didn't already sound like an insanely bad idea, he fired an employee for rightfully raising safety concerns about his stupid carbon fibre composite pressure vessel. There's a reason pretty much every other vehicle made for this purposes uses steel or titanium.
I'm not a smart man when it comes to law, a lot of it is just confusingly complex and not in a way my brain enjoys understanding, but your explanations have always proved helpful in finally finding the end of the thread I need to unravel it
You cannot exclude liability for death or personal inury caused by negligence under UK law, that part of the waiver would simply be struck out. There's a statute (unfair contract terms act 1997) which just makes it impossible. We don't really do 'punitive' damages, but since the victims were all billionaires that doesn't seem like much of a factor in this case. Normal damages would exceed what oceangate has anyway.
It’s just sad. Thank you to the men and women we participated in the rescue, even though it was  really a recovery. May God bless you all.
This is just one lawyer's opinion but if you warn in the release that something could go wrong while simultaneously making sweeping statements about how safe the vehicle is, I don't think the release should stand. Even doctors when getting "informed consent" to a procedure, describe the risks in terms of odds of something going wrong, and those odds are backed by clinical research.  Oceangate handed their customers this release while Oceangate's owner was simultaneously telling the world via media appearances that passengers on the Titan had nothing to worry about and scoffing publicly at those who asserted differently. At least that's the impression I got from seeing his media appearances.
good example to YOLO your life out to disaster
Deserved
This should be treated as a mass homicide by the Newfoundland Division of the RCMP until charges are laid or ruled out.
As an engineer, there is zero chance I would let this thing carry living creatures down that deep underwater.  Engineers do a ton of calculations during design to make sure that what we design is able to sustain the expected forces with a large margin of error if it is made for humans.    There's no way the designer actually did the engineering due diligence.  If they did, they should have records of the calculations and simulations to show that based on physics, the design should work.  If they can't bring this as evidence, then it's clearly gross negligence.
Amazing video Eagle. Really well structured and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time!
He needed a 6pack license that's why 6 or less.soits ok to kill 6 but not more under 6pack license.
alot of people need to be in jail
I really hope Ocean Gate doesn't get away with this. I'm not a lawyer, but I'm familiar with materials science, and the Titan was a disaster waiting to happen. The level to which Stockton Rush cut corners during the Titan's manufacturing and then ignored any and every bit of expert advice was, frankly, outrageous. Furthermore, the fact that he publicly lied about the safety of the sub should (in my opinion) override the waiver. I will also be interested to see how some of his specific lies affect any legal outcomes. For example, he said that the Titan could not be routinely inspected in the same way that most subs are due to the fact that its carbon fiber hull was a heterogeneous material. He said the acoustic monitoring system would be sufficient (obviously not true). Perhaps more importantly, it IS possible to sufficiently inspect something like carbon fiber for things like stress fractures and micro-damage. It's more difficult to do than with a homogenous material (like steel), but it's certainly possible. So... he didn't want to do the inspections even though they could have saved lives AND lied about it not being possible. Yikes. Honestly, so many things about the Titan were shoddy that I really can't imagine how this doesn't fall under "gross negligence."
Your using an explanation on carbon fiber failure mode and their monitoring system on it to describe plexiglass failure modes… lawyers - be more careful when citing engineers without understanding it. Can’t copy and paste in engineering like you can in law.
As soon as you mentioned "zipties", I knew the families had grounds to sue, regardless of the waiver.
the waiver should hold up. They signed the contract. If they get sued successfully, what's the point of having a contract?
They should charge him for manslaughter
It’s called OceanGate. Case closed
The more salient question isn't whether Ocean Gate has any liability — it's whether this disgraced, rudderless corporate shell without a CEO, which has no future as a going concern, actually has any assets left for the victims to attach, if they were to win a favorable judgment.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
the real question is why absolutely no one questioned why every new station around the world was covering a lost cause from the get go.
So sad about the deaths, but at least one of them deserved it. Feel 0 sympathy for Rush.
Its amazing anyone would sign such a waiver in the first place Edit: Just goes to show being rich doesn't nessecarilly make you smart
Ah a law to protect me from my own flagrant dumbassery.
what a waste of my time. Here's the gist of the entire video in 3 words. I don't know.
Judge: You need to prove the vessel isn't seaworthy.  Me: *points to wreckage at the bottom of the ocean*  Judge: Holy shit, he's good.   Also I saw that Real Engineering video. Definitely worth checking out.
Wait... so one of their subs was hit by lightning? Even God tried to stop them from this?
he was a cowboy
cant wait to get my $7 check in the mail
This is more of a mess than all of those Carbon Fiber shards at the bottom of the sea. . .
I don’t feel sorry for anyone who lost their life in this situation. They all knew the risk and if they didn’t they should’ve  done their due diligence before they put their lives on the line.
I watched Australia 60 minutes yesterday on this and one person on an interview stated Stockton knew this was going to happen at some point. It does explain the heavy waiver dosen't it? It was a submersible death trap. I am actually a water damage expert, I would have had this number within minutes. It's unbelievable that well educated billionaires couldn't do their own due diligence of a process of elimination😮.
My question is how the heck he managed to get like that he’s like tore whatever thing legally approved anywhere I mean don’t most like nations nowadays have a something along the lines of the MTSB hear that there, that you know that the transportation organization that has to inspect and approve all vessels and things like that you know like the Coast Guard or something as I’m telling you if that thing was inspected by the Coast Guard they sure as hell would not have approved anything of the sort.   Edit:  the laws of the Bahamas explains much
It would seem very reasonable to argue, based on all the many previous facts that can be presented, including interviews with Rush himself while serving as CEO, there was “gross negligence.” Especially egregious was his flippant disregard for industry standards and also, in light of numerous direct warnings, verbal and in writing, from well established experts in the field. Bizarre set of circumstances.
The more I hear about this, the drier my sympathy well gets.
These people put themselves in deaths way, life is about choices and they made theirs
The submersible was struck by lightning?  Even God was trying to warn this egotistical mf not to try his luck…
Does all of it even matter tho like the guys already dead, captain went down with his ship so...
The waiver is both honest and explicit about the dangers of the mission. By signing the waiver, the passengers agreed to accept the dangers of the mission. The passengers demonstrated a clear disregard for their own safety. If OceanGate was reckless, the passengers agreed in writing with that recklessness.  The passengers are dead because they took a trip that no reasonable person would take. There are no grounds for a lawsuit against OceanGate.
i feel like legal eagle is missing key information on the case. including how "experimental" the hull was and that the window was not rated for the proper depth. the hull and the window was doomed to fail. it was just that there was nobody stopping the CEO from putting passengers lives in danger. plus im sure legaleagle is missing other key information. but then in an interview the CEO would reassure people that if the submarine passes its first test dive to the titanic that he feels like it is "unstoppable". or he said that it would never fail or something. im just paraphrasing... but it seems like if its experimental that you cannot say shit like that in the public eye. giving those types of promises is misleading. which is just not how submarines are certified. it just seems so negligent. also other lawyers on youtube have looked into the case and said that there definitely could be a case.
There was never any mention of the titanic being unsinkable till after it sank fyi
What's left of the company to be sued? The primary owner is crab-bait..... the customers signed waivers???
This title is dumb as because the occupants signed waiver forms of possible death there is no case or trial
Another example of when the lawyers get involved, it’s too late. Getting sued or not is moot; Oceangate’s core business and value proposition are sunk regardless. No one will want to take a ride with them anywhere ever again.
Stockton Rush was an arrogant nut... pure and simple... and the people went down there because, even thought he was nuts, they didn't believe he would put his own life in danger.... unfortunately, Stockton Rush's assumptions were wrong, and he got them all killed... 🙄
Even without the 2022 exception exception, could you argue that the "cargo" on the vessel is the people and those particular people could be argued to have been particularly valuable?
real engineering is truly such a fantastic video creator btw truly love it so much and the accent
The owner of Oceangate was an incredibly arrogant man who thought he knew better than everyone else. He was very wrong. Hope people who think crazy things are safe take what happened here to heart.
This situation is really bad. No matter how we look at it. Even with all the information we have, the accident, the lawsuit, the way the sub was made, etc, it’s just baffling that this dude went on with the dive. What a freaking mess! Good video.
i say good riddance to morons
they just proved negligence by him doing stuff to by pass law.
I wish he was still alive so we can flog this clown publicly as an example to every other billionaire with attitude
If by some off chance there's an actual Hell, Rush is going straight to the worst part of the First Circle. That motherfucker was so pride-blinded that he deserved exactly what happened to him. Tangentially so did the other rich bastards who went with him. The kid probably didn't though, but he was a grown-ass man, but he was only going to make his dad happy.
"The Bahamas legal system is based on English Common Law".  No.  It's based on bribery and corruption.
If you want to disappear , the best way is to die before everyone else eyes .right ? but no ... this is not it ...
Adventure tourists know stuff is dangerous and most waivers for activities mention death- even snowskiing trips or riding horses. But they take it in good faith that all due diligence has been taken to minimise risk so whatever risks are small and don't read waivers in details. Waivers really aren't worth the paper they are written on either. You'd have to saw your skis in half before skiing off a cliff or stick or throw yourself off the horse while it's in full gallop to not succeed in challenging a tourism waiver.
Yes, I think the waiver should hold. These were wealthy, sophisticated parties and this was obviously a risky endeavor, no matter what puffery the owner engaged in.
If I made a sub and ask $250.000 a ride. And I am a no body you call me crazy. But if was billionaire I people would line up to go! Don't figure???😅
Well, no shit!
10:41 Its Futile 🦅
Is it considered wilful negligence if they lied about who they consulted with and the quality of their submarine? I don't assume eo but I'm pretty sure that breaks like a law or two
Don't think the owner gives a sht😂
The DOHSA laws will not work because the Titanic is in international waters meaning American law has no jurisdiction over the Titanic because it’s nowhere near & it’s not in US waters.   The closest waters is Canadian waters & that falls under the British & Canadian jurisdiction.
It's literally Watergate
‘If the dive had went ahead” is wrong mr lawyer. It should be “if the dive had gone ahead”
I am Romone Azteca....you are a beautiful woman....what is your name.
Who woulda known anybody that has ever worked with carbon fiber
Anybody can sue anybody else for almost any reason.. the variable is _WILL IT STICK??_  It's going to be hard with the waivers.
The thing that gets me is that there were billionares on board that thing, whose families can afford really good lawyers and will sue oceangate into oblivion (especially the woman who's husband and son were passengers!). No doubt their lawyers will find dirt we dont even know about.
Jail time?!?!
Makes you wonder what the governments doing while they shove this down our throat
How is the company even still functioning after the loss of the CEO?
what court has jurisdiction? where were they headquartered?
if oceangate gets away with this would be insane to me
I can see Titanic's wreckage on YouTube for free, from the safety & comfort of my lazyboy.
is there any money to be gotten? not that i have any sympathy with either those running the scam or the idiots who fell for said very obvious scam.
No they are not the same. Titanic is unsinkable while Titan is unsurfaceable...
If you sign a waiver for skydiving and your shoot fails due to an unforeseen mistake, sure a waiver problem covers it. But if your shoot fails due to it being made out of tissue paper, the waiver is meaningless 😂
Who likes cats?
That a guy did 3 dives with the thing knowing comms failed every time is bonkers to me.
Rush really seems like a Chris Watts type, like the strung out energy of somebody who will erase the fam because he’s about to lose the house etc…
theres a difference between trailblazing, pioneering and proving the doubters wrong, this was not only gross negligence, this was ignorance, stupidity and egotism.   Carbon fiber is a relatively porous material, it is not made for compressional loads. The way that they wrapped it was wrong. The way that the titanium was bound to the pressure vessel, was wrong. Everything about this was wrong. Avoiding, lying and even advocating against proven standards and policies that keep things like this from happening. Established bodies with hundreds and hundereds of years of combined experience and knowledge.   He ignored every sign he could have, even down to the ship breaking apart around him. Even then he did not yield or stop to rethink or revaluate, to the point where not only did he himself die, he killed a brilliant mind who was and still is legendary among the maritime world. He killed an employee, a father, and his 18 year old son with an entire life ahead of him.   This was man slaughter.
My dad had a conversation with Stockton and his wife, Wendy about a month before the whole disaster. I remember him telling me about it shortly after and bonding over the craziness. While I find it hard to muster up sympathy for someone directly responsible for the deaths of others via horrendous negligence my heart goes out to the families and children that had nothing to do with it. Hopefully the courts settle in favor of the victims, we need to set a good precedent that doesn't allow proper accountability to be dodged by simply having enough money and waivers to make the problem disappear.
yeppppp cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers~ truly so insane its horrowing but also feels like a major drama movie plot idk thanks for the wild talk!
He’s lucky he isn’t being charged with manslaughter
Get tax payers money back..
You dude and your channel are SO CHEAP! Bet all the books in the background are fake.  It's always easy to knock things when they fail but, without innovators we would still live in the stoneage... You look smart but you are a vulture... Cheers from Australia.
You pronounced Newfoundland mostly correct! I'm impressed.
They may not be able to sue but i garentee they will be paying him and his family a visit.
Ego of a rich white man caused the death of 4 innocent people.  🙄🙄🙄
What's the non-economic term of moral hazard? nanny state? love that non of the comments are pointing out that those that died are responsible for their own actions.
Seriously this rush guy is a murderer. He had been told many times. U can risk ur own life, over and over but to risk others? And make them pay? Criminal!!
As a professional safety consultant (in aviation), I winced at the statement that risks cannot be eliminated, because I so often hear "it's either safe or it's not. In safety management, a risk is some combination of likelihood and severity of harm, and, although we always check, it can hardly ever be eliminated (pretty much only by doing something completely different - in this case, to *eliminate* the risk I would have proposed remotely watching footage from an unmanned submersible instead). If you're determined to go ahead anyway then we can manage risk by managing likelihood and severity, and they're usually both continuous. That means there's no obvious cut-off point between "safe" and "unsafe"; there's a sliding scale from "sure, why not" (slight chance of a stubbed toe, perhaps) to Hell, no! (almost certain death). Suggesting they're equivalent because the former hasn't *completely* eliminated the risk is either incompetent or disingenuous.
But my waiver waived their rights to my criminal negligence, you can't sue!!!!!!11!!!!1!!1!!!!!one!!!one!
As this company should get sued
Waivers operate on the principle of informed consent. If the information is found lacking, then there can be no consent.   I just saved you 25 minutes.
I can assure you she was not crushed by the water pressure
24:12  That's the most cringe segue into a sponsor I've ever heard on YouTube.
I really like your tie
Oceangate reminds me of the limousine company that slammed into a ditch in Long Island.
I think the very fact that they admit their hull hasn't been tested by any official regulatory bodies is gross negligence as they simply knew it would fail.
4:21 oof.
I look forward to then next update on "Billionaire Flesh Cube v. OceanGate"
I'd like to know if people like me could just join the lawsuit. If I could, I would siut their asses on grounds of having to watch and listen what happened to those fellas.  The entire situation made me nervous .
Oh noes, the owner is fked
Rush was a peddler of BS and he drank his own kook-aid.  OceanGate is f**ked.  Can you imagine the hubris necessary to ignore so many experts and believe you’re always the smartest guy in the room?
If they're not paying passengers, and are "missoin specialists" (which is a job title) then, as they wish to be governed under Bahamian law, does the Bahamas Health and Safety At Work Act 2002 kick in?  Even if Oceangate claim they are volunteers - they have a right to a safe working environment.
I have to say at least the guy was willing to roll the dice on his own life .
Sue them for what?
The only one I feel sorry for is the kid
This is why we MUST have regulations, even Elon Musk agrees, this ensures independent verication based on scientic principles to keep people safe.  This man was an unhinged narcissist who's ego defied all science and went unchecked.  I can't imagine the horror those poor passengers endured as they heard the shell cracking and knew they were going to die 😢
Real engineering is 10/10.
unless is pfizer, they of course have absolute indemnity...(sshhhh....the humans might find out)
Lightning is very damaging to carbon fiber structures.    We have decades of real experience from aircraft made with carbon fiber with holes blown into them from Lightning.    That is why there is a fine metal mesh layered in to act as a Ferody cage.
Imagine sueing a company that just had the captain die in the same sub.   Yall are already rich.  Go learn not to do dumb things instead of sue. Thats so shiddy.
Even in the Titanic movie they didnt send people down to the Titanic because IT SHOULD BE THAT OBVIOUS TO EVERYONE.
Their company's name already sounded like the name of a scandal.
Hear this. In 1985 they took a small steel submersible with super thick walls and windows down to the Titanic and within minutes the windows started cracking. This mf made a carbon fiber cylinder and expected it to last? He was full of shit to think that it would last at any period of time at those depths. Take that law suit federal if they have to if it's not already!
An OFF Brand PS3 Controller???? The off brand controllers ALWAYS malfunction 😬.  I'm a gamer and I go through approximately 4 - 6 controllers a year.
They were warned. They were warned by their own engineers. They were warned by the engineering community. They were warned by regulators. They were warned by prospective passengers who looked closer and realized the danger. And above all, they admitted they knew of the warnings.  That alone should be grounds for gross negligence.
It tooks 6500psi to crush Rush ego
From this day forth, I propose that any single individual or group of people who voluntarily embark on a particularly dangerous or perilous venture with someone, knowing full well how disastrous it might be, but still choose to engage in it because of the proverbial 'wool' being pulled over their eyes, be diagnosed with Stockton Syndrome. A word of advice to help avoid this type of scenario : don't Rush into anything.
you could look at this mutant, and no go in i the first place
"Acrylic is great because before it cracks or fails, it starts to crack and fail" LMAO
It's weird it is like a suicide cult for billionaires. Now there is an expansion wing at the Titanic site. The gift that keeps giving.
cant take my eyes off the RV entry handle bolted to the roof
Safety regulations are written in blood.
Making people sign a form to enter a submarine that’s made of carbon fiber doesn’t mean you won’t get sued for letting people enter a submarine that’s made of carbon fiber: Carbon Fiber is great for space crafts because space pressure is negative pressure, but using it underwater is positive pressure and this material is not good for positive pressure… That’s the reason underwater exploration is so risky and nobody does it
Nice of you to name drop realengineering.
Not sure dredging up the titanic's sinking due to a freak unforeseen tragedy is really a comparison to OceanGate.
I'm surprised insurance companies aren't sueing.
WHY would anyone name the company OceanGate? Now it really is. Did they forsee a problem? Hmm. So many questions that will never be answered.
A waiver is valid only if the company at least make an effort to make sure their sub is safe during normal operation. Considering that their sub doesn't even pass the minimum requirements to reach Titanic in the first place, it's literally impossible for the company to fulfill their promised feature in the first place. There's a difference between "something that 'might' kill you during normal usage" and "something that definitely gonna kill you" (their sub is the latter)
5:58 not sure why using a glowstick is actully that big a deal, 14:51 and the controller isnt the worst idea 19:26 no they didnt brag
What about the fact they were in international waters?
Related question, How are tech terms of service valid if they are “take it or leave it” with no ability to negotiate and a massive power imbalance in favor of the tech company?
We all know the guy just wanted to make as much money. As you can without spending any to make sure these subs actually worked. This is why he did not listen to anyone that knew what they were talking about. Because it would have taken more money and more time than he wanted to spend on it. And he was arrogant. When you have somebody who can talk really well. Talking to you and when you're reading your waver. They can convince you very easily to sign it by saying. Oh, this is much safer than you. Ride in a Bicycle in the city, . Or it's safer than a plane or shaffer than a helicopter. The problem is those have strict regulations. Unlike this guy's sub. I'm not surprised. And you would not catch me in that sub for any amount of money.
There’s a reason carbon fiber has never ever been used for anything underwater
I hope OceanGate gets sued out of existence and that everyone responsible sees jail time. At least Rush got what he deserved.
No one is going to talk how LegalEagle here looks like a Disney character?
Who would sue?  The passengers were all billionaires.  They had more money than Rush did.  The family members are probably throwing parties to have full control of those billions now. 😂
Stockton Rush was a genius in the field of stupidity.
I feel like John Krasinski would be a good choice of who could play this dude in a movie
every single one of your videos further convinces me that the legal system is so messed up as to be beyond repair. It so clearly has been designed (in essentially every country) to protect corporate interests and appears to be a "pay to play" system where financial wealth is the biggest determining factor with regards to favorable outcomes in criminal and civil cases.
Obviously, nothing will bring them back, but the families should be compensated for whatever money Oceangate had.
sounds like these loopholes are gonna hang em
All this tells me is that OceanGate will get sued in multiple jurisdictions to varying degrees of success. There will not be one, single, answer.
Jim Halpert!!
Asshat thought he knew better than people who designed and built these vehicles for a living. for a living. There are very good reasons why passenger- submersibles and submarines are made out of metal.
It got stuck by lightning? Even mother nature protested against his ship!
I do have a question, how long do you think the process to prove jurisdiction will be? I wish that for international cases like this involving many nations that it would be under the UN jurisdiction. (Likely a pipe dream). Can OceanGate evade suits by filling for bankruptcy? I now realize that I had more than a question, LOL 😂
I don't know about whether it's legally provable but according to all experts involved before or after Gross Negligence was definitely a factor.
Who didn't see this coming...
I still don't care about rich people dying. In fact I say good job. Doesn't this make me a horrible person? Well if so then I don't want to be right. So get over yourself.
"Who could expect it going wrong way" Well... everyone who is sane
He seemed to have a death wish..
The CEO got lucky because he got to dodge all of this
as well they should. Stockton Rush was an idiot...there i said it, so no one else has to.
Devon, where did you get that tie? It's gorgeous and I want one <3
If anything this incident has created employment for a lot of people ... especially those who like to talk ! The first submarine [in case you have forgotten] was made of wood.
Stockton Rush was the Donald Trump of the undersea exploration world.
sue a bankrupt company..  wont get much
Deff won't hold up, but also the people that would sue are like rich already, but hey, money is money.
The victims don't have anything to worry about. Money fixes their issues, sue the bad guy, mourn, uhh, exploit the working class more
I knew about the compressive strength problem, and the delamination due to cycling, but this is the first I heard about the lightning strike. Good grief. It's a wonder it didn't implode sooner.
Everybody.He was stupid to do that.  The young boy was right.
"One thing is for certain, Stockton Rush should have brushed up on his math and science skills." Holy shit, dude! 🔥☄️ 🔥
To do a trip like that perhaps you would need some psychological test as well, to ensure no claustrophobia potential or panic. Perhaps they checked for medical issues, but that trip would be ripe for panic attacks if there were little to no checks apart from if the funds had cleared
This waiver won't hold up for the simply reason that it's more or less the only way to reach the Titanic wreck for a citizen. The Titanic wreck has a great deal of personal significance to many Americans and Britons because they had ancestors on the ship. It may not be an "essential service" precisely, but being able to access a historical site important in the lives or deaths of their ancestors is considerably more important than someone's right to participate in a sport.
Note that there is *no* "organisation that manages the titanic wreckage site". It's international waters and a memorial wreck. There's no such thing. RMS Titanic Inc has recovered many hundreds of artefacts from the wreck, but with no-one's authority or particular ownership endowed, only international salvage laws.
Stockton spoke out of both sides of his mouth and got people killed
Well I hope so
I want to make a guillotine... Charge people 250k each to experience what it was like to have it used on yourself back in the day. Sign a waiver that i am released of all claims for injury or death resulting of them stucking their head in and having the blade come down... See how well that damage/injury/death waiver holds up. You cannot build a death trap and just have people sign away their safety.
Could liability avoidance be a criminal act upon itself? Such as an effort to bring citizens into the legal juridiction of another nation?  One would see this act alone as an attemp to avoid liability and as such, the nations of the people that went on the journey could be able to attach liability where it is well deserved.  The shifting and squirming used by cowboy engineers is worrying as every effort was made to prove unproven techniques viable without unmanned tests to the depths were being attempted.
Silence from the playlist of this channel as usual. Seek help. Cocaine much?
Can you please do a video on who is legally liable for the costs of the search and recovery of the Titian.
The waiver will definitely hold up and is ironclad. The YouTube videos were accessible where anyone could easily find out how poorly constructed how the submersible was and how Stockton Rush didn't care about safety. The families / estates will not get anything by suing. In fact the U.S., Canada, U.K., and France all have claims against the families/estates for rescue/recovery costs. As a U.S. taxpayer, my tax dollars better not absorb U.S. Navy and Coast Guard costs.
Well, at least the CEO won't have to suffer through the litigation.
The waiver to go sky diving was amost scarier than the dive itself. I believe in my case it had an "even if due to gross negligence" clause
I hope they get nothing. Except maybe the kid, they all deserved their fate.
rush lied about submersible risks
Very well articulated.
It sounds like certification should be legally required before you can even hand someone an enforceable waiver.
The problem is, who do you sue. Oceangate's only real asset (the submersible) is destroyed, the CEO and main shareholder is with the remains of the submersible. So it's difficult to see the company as anything but bankrupt. The waivers were for negligence, but from what we've heard so far, this was gross negligence and possibly not covered. What was included in the contracts was that any legal action has to be in the Bahamas. So we will have to see how that pans out. The thing that has not been discussed, is insurance cover. I can't believe the assets were not insured. This is so specialist that if there is insurance, it's most likely a Lloyds syndicate that provides it. Depending upon their attitude, any trial could be in London.
Calm down buddy, you're not running a marathon! Not being an English speaker, I can barely follow you.
There is also the fact that Ocean gate said that they bult the submarine with collaboration from NASA, Boeing and UW when those institutions have denied any collaboration, meaning you could also argue that mentioning those companies was a lie to mislead the participants into a false sense of security
OceanGate very obviously needs to go down, and it sounds like with the waivers they will likely be able to avoid any lawsuits in that regard. Not to sound wholly insensitive, but given that the passengers (aside from maybe PHN) we’re billionaires I’m not necessarily worried about the waivers holding up.   But I would like to see OceanGate liable for all the rescue/search/recovery efforts and hopefully they will be.
3 words. Oh hell no.
He told Trump going to jail. What happened
Yeah the waiver doesn't say anything about defective equipment, and not to mention the safety concerns that were ignored and consequently got a sea gate employee fired due to saying it wasn't safe. In my opinion the families have every right to sue, not mention that sea gate could be looking at criminal charges
Pmsl they can’t lol
Anyone who went aboard, not imprisoned in a straight jacket, has no complaint coming.
IMO even if OceanGate isn't held accountable in the courts, it's reputation as a company is ruined.
Every engineer that touched this sub should have their names and careers ruined forever.
I'll admit I didn't feel bad about the individuals involved enough to not make a few jokes myself. But this is another obvious example of putting profits before customers/clients and it needs to stop.
being made out of carbon fiber, those extreme compressive forces would have created micro cracking around areas with small bubbles of air, these would have lead to micro tears, getting worse with each dive, so simply the hull would have weakened with each dive and it was only a matter of time before the hull and glued together joints failed as it did, carbon fiber is an inappropriate material for deep dives full stop ...... !!!
So if a get someone to sign something they don't understand I can be responsible for killing them and get away with it? Sweet.  I think they have a case.
Lightning striking the submersible is a clean sign that even God was like "bruh you might not wanna do this"
Stockton saying Oceangate was indestructible is like when the builders of Titanic said it was unsinkable
He thought his sub was the iPhone. Turns out it's the Blackberry Storm.
Just like the JAB  Stupid people had it ?
I agree that the company certainly appears to not only be grossly negligent and even deceitful, I feel the passengers, who certainly had the wealth to conduct even cursory research that would have revealed the multitude of red flags, were also grossly negligent, with the exception of the young man. I exclude him because he was certainly relying on his parents' judgement. Anyone that signs a waiver such as the one they signed and does not take a minute to research what they are planning to do is almost the textbook definition of a negligent person.
OBJECTION(!): The strand on your suit jacket needs addressed immediately! (Lower right of your profile.)
Reminds me of Theranos but under water 😂
How is it safer then subs diving when you have only gone down 12 times that’s crazy talk
haha ur so cute txt me back
14:49 Carbon Fiber is a great material, for planes or race cars, NOT DEEPSEA SUBMERSIBLES. Just ask the US Navy what they think of carbon fiber.
The thing that baffles me is that diving experts actually decided to board this thing.
For what?  Everyone acts like three folks going on, didn't know it was a risk. He had the waiver is obvious, but he drive the thing with a ps1 controller, and none of them thought it was a bad idea.
I can understand someone signing a waiver to sue for possible injuries or death but not in this particular instance because the chances of failure were so high but to watch my child sign it knowing they are scared and just doing it to please  me is already wrong let alone having him die with me doing this activity.
After seeing the submersibles in Titanic and then seeing this rinky dink one…it’s so scary to think tourists were being sent down inside of it.  It literally looks cheap and flimsy.  Not to mention it goes into the water attached to a deck.  It’s a ridiculous design and should have never been allowed to be used.  It’s so horrifying to think about.  Truly looked like a death trap.
The CEO was so arrogant and self righteous, that he must have thought he was indestructible .....  irony of all this is he cant be held accountable now that he was basically vapourised. I thing the fact someone high up was fired over mentioning a safety issue should have been the biggest rd flag to everyone involved.
Rush sounds so much like a boss and company owner I had the misfortune of working for for a couple of years.  Engineering degree with limited engineering entry-level experience.  Pivots to finance and made a career of moving money around rather than ever honing actual engineering skills.  Owns an "engineering company" but confuses this thinking this means HE is the engineering expert.  Creates a company culture of fear and control for the employees (read the Oceangate dive transcript), in effect winnowing the workforce down to just "yes men".  Uses NDAs and the threat of legal action to keep current and former employees from exposing the incompetence and toxic work environment..
Just make the movie already
They should just put ocean gate out of business.  They were told about the dangers of using the materials they had used.  And what are they going to do?  They will kill five more people before somebody stops them.
He reminds me of my boss to be honest.  I think it was a wanton and callous disregard for the lives of the passengers, fed by his egomania. Based on what I've seen, it honestly seems like the Dunning Kruger effect in play. He had passing intelligence, nothing special, and no particular background well-suited for the task, nor did he create a team comprised of industry experts that could accomplish it (his electrical design was apparently done by Interns???). This was doomed to fail from the start.  From what I read, the implosion was caused by the sub sinking suddenly due to another electrical failure. This should rise to the extent of gross negligence, the issues were too frequent to not be considered a legitimate safety risk, and with no satisfactory backup solution in place he killed them all. I mean good god, from the news it sounds like every single dive had serious electrical issues, there's no way a Court should allow this to stand.
You might want to stipulate geoboundaries with your legal advice offer, unless you are able to represent globally.
It’s the American way ….. sue and blame anyone for your own stupidity 🤷🏻‍♂️
I know this is harsh but its always Americans who always starts slapping lawsuits over everyone for anything. They never have been yet civiliazed to process any problem in peace. Even if its clearly understood why something happened. I mean shortly... *deeb breath* LAWSUIT WONT BRING DEAD PEOPLE BACK AMERICAN IDIOTS.
he looks 3d animated
I wish you were a real eagle. We could soar high above the clouds together (as I posses the ability to turn into a bird of prey. I can also throw hotdogs really far). With my keen eye and your legal prowess, we would search the lands high and low for cases that need resolving in a jiffy. After spotting one, we would barrel through the sky towards our target (at first you would be scared, but I would reassure your trembling wings by screaming "KKKKKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" at your face at an incredible volume). When we land, I would transmogrify back into my human form (my clothes inexplicably never manage to transmogrify back, so I am always naked at this point) I would calm the terrified courtroom (who by this point are screaming and running towards the door) with a thunderous "OBJECTION!!!". You would then (still in bird form, as you have not yet mastered the transformation process) proceed to win the case for whoever is the prettiest defendant or whoever has the nicest smell or taste or shoes whatevs, and we would teleport to your veranda for a glass of viognier and a Snickers. I wish you were a real eagle, then I could learn to love again.
I could’ve done a lot better for my son with $250,000. I could’ve rented a private island with fashion models for my son. Lol
i think this case shows the flaws in a "no harm no foul" litigation system. all those experts  KNEW that this company was a tragedy waiting to happen but there's literally nothing they can do about it. there's no "you're being grossly negligent and nothing has happened yet but it's only a matter of time" lawsuit you can bring to try and force them to cease operations. we can't write an infinite number of regulations hitting on every single thing an idiot might decide to do. it's simply not possible. laws can only be reactive and so tragedies are bound to happen.  maybe there could be a way for a trade group or other governing/regulating/organizing body of an industry to bring a "this isn't illegal but we can make a compelling compelling case that it should be, and urgently before someone gets hurt" law suit against an obviously dangerous idiot like this CEO was.
Well, at least the CEO died too, so there's karmic justice somewhere I suppose.
Imagine if the christofascists succeed in consolidating power in the US. Scientific scrutiny will be outlawed and only faith will be allowed. Good thing that faith always works out perfectly.
I’d love to see them sued but it wouldn’t bring back the dead. Sadly a paid settlement is worth nothing to a mother who lost her son and husband to this awful accident. As for the rest of them I don’t think it would do any other family justice.
First thing is to subpoena the audio recording of every dive. Every single odd sound on those recordings of successful dives should have Oceangate "experts" explain what that specific sound was, how it was identified as potential damage, and what corrective actions were taken once the submersible resurfaced in preparation for the next dive. They won't have them, if they do they won't be able to identify the sounds, and if that they won't have documentation showing how they repaired it. This is how expert witnesses will build the case for gross negligence.
The problem is, they probably believed it was safe. The problem is, it wasn't tested to the depth to make sure it would stand the pressure, which clearly it didn't on its second attempt. Sure it went down the first time, but digging to get nowhere close to the deaths that he claimed it could do. In the moment the submersible reached the deaths not even close to Titanic it literally imploded, due to internal and external pressures. And on top of that, they lied about it for three days saying that there could be survivors when there wasn't. This was completely preventable, and a page could have been taken out of spacex's Elon Musk were purposely destroyed rocket after rocket, to make sure that all failures could be accounted for. Did not happen in this particular case with the submersible. Gross negligence at its finest. Using Cheapskate materials, doesn't help the case.
English tort law does not have gross negligence but only negligence. Gross negligence exists in English criminal law
They gonna bring the ceo back to life and sue him.
Will this be called OcengateGate?
The long and short of it really should be that, if Oceangate somehow *isn't* found liable, laws better damn well change to make sure they would've been.
That was God giving a sign sounds like everyone but the people who made this was right
By being inside he basically made himself immune to any negligence...
Funny thing is, off the shelf parts weren't the main problem lol. They only had minor issues, which is pretty impressive cosidering that they were not designed for that purpose at all...
I know he wasn't the only one there at fault but the main person they should be suing died in the sub. He got what he deserved (though I feel sorry for everyone else in that sub) with how negligent he was with safety but now the main person responsible who should be getting sued to the moon and back isn't here to get properly punished. I mean on one hand he got what was coming to him on the other hand he got the easy way out of this.
chemical spill distraction Mutch ?
Is this video missing a second at the start?
James Cameron wearing Thor jersey is pretty rad
Hes dead. What do you want Pulp?
A great attorney/legal team will shred any waiver in court.
They couldn't have possibly named their company more aptly. They KNEW they were going to get sued eventually.
All these low-lifes profiting off of exposing a sad grave site. How surprising.
Oh! Wow! Some rich tourists take a dangerous trip and get killed. The media blows this all up and ignore the daily mass shootings.
Getting sued don’t matter if it’s not money!
That's some shady shit how they got around some of those regulations...
But they were all wealthy beyond belief. Who would waste their time?
honestly the people who think that regulations are holding back their genius are usually the same idiots those regulations are there to protect us from.
Death wafer 🧇
They're imploding.
The incompetent CEO neglected to include in His waiver how You are safer on the Titan than crossing the street, which apparently He verbalized this B.S. to all His Victims.
Rush: Hey guys! 😁 What's crackalackin?
Carbon fiber can be used safely under compression and in external pressure vessels. But doing so requires a substantial amount of rigorous designing and testing that OceanGate flagrantly disregarded.  Consider that their incredibly sketchy and slipshod POS actually did manage to make it to the Titanic previously. It stands to reason that a properly designed and tested one would perform better.  CET has a couple dozen unmanned carbon subs that collectively have hundreds of cycles and thousands of hours with no issues.  Why unmanned? Because when you actually give a shit about doing things properly you rigorously trial new tech without putting lives at risk. Unmanned lets them get a colossal amount of data on how the subs perform in real world situations without risking anybody.  OceanGate just yolo’d that shit.  A large number of planes use carbon wings who’s upper components are under compression. As far as I’m aware, there have been no issues with the wings themselves failing.
Suing broke people is generally a futile endeavor!
Constant and Extended news coverage.?  Check  Somebody died? Check  Of course somebody gettin sued.
Yes the paperwork will save them. No need to watch this vid.
Is the company even still active, I would assume having the CEO and owner die would essentially kill the company.  So who exactly are you suing?
Rich narcissists always get their way until thousands of people FINALLY get together to reveal how stupid, pretentious, presumptuous, and absolutely ludicrous they've been. 🙄 Just look at the Theranos chick thing. Or Alex Jones. Or Chump. Or Amber Heard. Or Cryptocurrency creep. Or... ... 🤮
if you could get 250k per ticket there is no problem spend at least 30million for a sub it will make it back eventually, how much that thing cost like 400k and 2 rolls of duct tape
“And they’ve know joined the exclusive club that they where so fascinated with”💀💀💀
For the N'th time, that is NOT a ps3 controller and it's definitely NOT off-brand, it's Logitech F710.
I don't know what they were thinking when they designed that waver, but that whole text is a red flag on its own already. They're just straight up admitting that none of the shit they built this vessel from was approved by a reasonable, sane person - and then just a few sentences later they drop the good old "You chose to be in the electric chair. You can't sue us for getting killed by it!".  How anyone can earn enough money to warrant a 250k purchase of a Titanic trip AND choose to get on the Titan at the same time is beyond me. How the hell have you been earning this money? Daddy's finances? Drug money? Influencer?  There is just no way that I can see a reasonable, self-made millionaire who didn't get lucky OR financed by their daddy to get on this thing, see an XBox Controller and go "My life is safe with this man".
Honestly thought they wouldn't get sued but glad to know about all this
😂 Using glow sticks to save power on the way down is probably the smartest thing Ocean Gate did.  And that actually doesn't seem like something others wouldn't do
This case has such depth
Carbon fiber's strength comes when it's Stretched.and pulled  NOT when it's placed under pressure.
How do you turn the sub left and right, up and down ? Ok, good question. Do you see those Q-tips jammed in the hull ? Well, that's are our guiding systems.
I hope oceangate wins, if they get sued. It was clearly stated numerous times that it was an experimental sub and that death may very likely occur. It will set a bad precedence if signed waivers can just be thrown out just like that. Hospitals and doctors would be guilty of the same charge, when patients are required to sign a waiver when they undergo life threatening operation that may result in death.
I have been waiting for your take on the waiver😮
My head spins at the bonkers statements that people should trust Oceangate's submersible even though they didn't follow the very regulations that made other vessels safe. But they claimed that because industry vessels that followed regulation were safe, Oceangate's were... safe by association???
3 ad breaks AND a sponsor read??? Chill out my guy
THAT GEORGE WASHINGTON PORTRAIT IS FVCKING TERRIFYING !
"Just the tip of the iceberg " !! Are you serious, if this tragedy wasn’t so horrific that would have been funny.  I do however believe there was a cavalier attitude towards the safety of all those poor unfortunate souls on board and also those that went before who survived the trip.  You would think that any enterprise that involved putting the public in such extraordinary danger would by law have to have had their equipment subjected to the highest level of scrutiny and testing by a 3rd party before obtaining a safety certificate.
Sounds like the uncontrollable spinning may be due to joystick drift
While I hope Oceangate gets sued off the planet, it does seem like Rush and others in charge did their homework in finding ways to skirt the rules and regulations for easy profit.  Despite that, this is not an incident that will get swept away any time soon and will hopefully send them out of business anyway.  This needs to be an example to every company that even tries something like this:  If you're going to play loose and fast with the rules and try to create new ideas and "innovate", it is not okay to put others in danger.
Sue sue sue SUE until everything is gone and everyone involved has been relieved of everything they own. Make a friggin example out of these clowns and THEN SOME
By who? Aquaman?
Why is everyone into ocean gate now that it doesn’t exist
So...while I'm of course on board with the general ethical decent into being somewhat happy that another millionaire has died horribly. There are a couple of things here that bears to be mentioned: he actually did it, several times, to the depth of the Titanic. Which is insane. It's not completely known how many dives the Titan sub did, but apparently it made it 14 times to the Titanic before imploding.  In other words, something that would be a guaranteed suicide in a sub that would reach deformation depth just once - the guy did 14 times before it finally gave in. And remember that they did this without the type of pressure-vessel needed for laminating anything that is supposed to be used at any depth, never mind this deep.  So although all of the warning lamps, bells and whistles certainly were going off -- they were aiming for making a sub that wouldn't have the deformation behaviour of steel, obviously to be able to make the trips over and over again, to make this a business. And after the 10th dive, when any amount of experts are going to tell you straight up that the sub should have imploded on the second dive, you're way beyond the point where you're able to wave it off with "you're just lucky", I think.   It was still absurdly reckless, of course, to do it like that - specially when you're resisting testing (and the kind of testing that would mean tearing the sub apart). But I'm not sure, at the point they were in their testing, that putting this project on the level of an ocean-liner carrying tourists reflects the expected level of risk involved. That people also were very, very clearly aware of was there. Or, they had reason to worry, for sure - but the guy had done it over 10 times before.  So I sincerely doubt that even if someone had convinced passengers that it was safe, while knowing the risks, that a court would actually find that Oceangate had knowingly put people in harms way - simply because they had no expectation of this being the future advertised tourist-trip to the Titanic.
Is this same as surgery and dental waivers?
I’ve worked for the last 11+ years for a fortune 100 insurance company, specializing in analyzing general liability claims, and take it from me: liability waivers ain’t worth the paper they’re printed on.
it's a bunch of rich people. and dumb ones at that concidering they could have just bought or rented out one of Triton's titanic explorers, which are proven to work as blue planet 2 was filmed using those.  also they look like a real life subnautica  Seamoth and have leather seats. why would an elite opt for a carbon fiber tube when the company that makes submarines that is advertised to dock to YATCHS is right there!?
At least death penalty for the owner.
I’m not a lawyer, and I feel very very bad in saying this.   the people that signed up to go on this voyage really should have given a lot more thought, research submersible vessels AND THE FOUNDER before they signed that release.   From what I see from this video, Mr Rush was an incredibly flamboyant and brash individual- that belittled the professionalism of an entire industry that has been doing this sort of thing for decades.  All this, only to take his rickety submarine on a fanciful (and honestly negligent) voyage to survey a historic but archeologically irrelevant wreckage on what was a dangerous bet to make in the first place.   I feel for the those that lost their lives like this, and more so for the families that survive them. But some responsibility must be put upon those that chose to go anyway.
how can you sue a dead guy
Anyone who baselessly says they're "better" than well-tested industry standards is someone I'd immediately question
Although lives aren't always on the line, I see this kind of "engineering" all too often in the software industry. All of those failures, ie. "bugs" and 3-alarm fires at 4am because someone took down the database are all just warning signs that something is truly rotten at the core. With such a distinct disregard for safety or disciplined engineering principles, it was only a matter of time.
that's what you get for boarding a submersible made by a guy named stockton crush.  i hope any lawsuits flop, stockon's degenerate son needs that money.
As they should
I figured they wouldn’t have a person to sue because he died in the very sub he created
I foresee a documentary on this situation. So much has come out since the incident that exposes the extraordinary negligence of the CEO and ultimately the company. Coming to Netflix in 2025 😂
Oh legal eagle. I see what you're doing here. You're adding useful cases to this video that can be used in court as reference beautiful!
I don’t think they really have a case, of corse it really depends on what the waiver actually said. The company was pretty upfront about the sub being experimental and not certified, many people that decided not to go on previous trips stated this. To prove neglect, you must show that someone purposely hid something that could cause harm or death. These people knew the risk and still agreed and signed the waiver, that should be the end of it. People need to take responsibility for their own actions. If you feel the risk of using experimental equipment is worth it, you must live (or die) with the outcome.
This man skipped so many safety issue and even fired people who had safety concerns. He is responsible for their deaths 100%.
Even if they get sued it’s very likely they are going to file for bankruptcy anyway. So they ain’t gna recover shit.
This reminds me of King of the Hill, the episode where Dale builds a tower that avoids regulations, but is completely unsafe and unstable.
7:30 tbf, at those depths the sub _is_ *way* "safer than flying in a helicopter or scuba diving, or building and crossing any streets ("build", since no streets are to be found at those depths, currently). So that is far from a lie.
Another billionaires that thought that because he had more money than others, he was also smarter than others.
yeah let's all go 2 miles under the sea in a glorified porta potty and then have our families sue when it goes wrong. honestly any avragely endowed person should have smelt  a rat if they read that waiver. Maybe the families can claw something back by winning the darwin awards. This isnt even a tragedy its a totallt forseeable event.
Stockton Rush. Immortalized as an arrogant asshat.
Ignorance is not a defense against especially when you knowingly cut corners, ignore industry standards and experts telling them it was unsafe. This was gross negligence due to the owners cockiness and pride.
Newfoundlander here and from what I've seen on local news casts (NTV and VOCM), the RCMP in the province is definitely at least participating. I also remember hearing news coverage about a guy who had to drive their families back home. He ended up having to convince the kids to tell jokes to relieve their stress.
Wow so this is the channel illuminaughty tried to accuse of copying her? Now I see why people found that so freaking insane 😂
The 'tip of the iceberg' joke was uncalled for😂
just because you sign a waiver that you can't sue if any harm comes, doesn't mean you can't sue, if the company had knowledge of potential harm, and had prior knowledge despite it, they can still be sued
I am a lawyer.   I think the company, the designers and the promotors, dead or alive, will be extremely lucky to get away with massive damages. Realistically, jail time looms.
They knew what they were getting into.
misadventure
While there are going to be many hurdles and it may even be procedurally impossible to bring a lawsuit against Oceangate, they are still finished after this disaster.
We all know this situation does not arrise in favour of OceanGate if there is a lack of capacity, or if all factual, and realistic conditions were not disclosed properly upon signing of an elleged waiver. . Also, it should be noted, that all waivers still need to be lawfull....meaning,  ...due dilligence must be proven.....
I'm 100% sure the owner DOSE NOT CARE !!!!!
I have no sympathy for those fools who looked at this jury riged death machine and agreed to go down
Legally:  wrongful death Morally: murder-suicide
It’s almost as if nature itself was saying this sub- sorry coffin, was a bad idea.
It doesn't state lawsuit or claims made by other members of my family or friends
5:19 that’s what she said
Isn't carbon fiber what Morgz made his merch out of? "COP THE BRAND NEW CARBON FIBER MGZ MERCH" Bro made a merch submarine
Stockton rush go jelly
Love how everyone is suddenly a lawyer and submarine expert in the comments lol
Movie review suggestion. Rocky III, IV and Rocky V.  III.Was Clubber Lang(Mr. T) responsible in Mick's death? IV. Should Ivan Drago of been charged for the murder of Apollo Creed? (The ref did try to stop the fight but Drago threw the red out of the way) V. Does rocky have a case against his accountant,Paulie,etc for losing his family fortune? Could the promoter sue rocky still for assault even though rocky has nothing to get sued for. ("Sue me for what quote")
Any reasonable person would not assume a waiver to deny rights in the case of gross negligence. Which, judging by many trustworthy accounts, this may well be,
we live in exceedingly stupid times. nothing has been learned, by some, in over 100 years.
another Imbecile wgo did not know what is a waiver and disguisew in lawyer  im happy this qorld will end very soon in same time of the Turnip!
SUBMERSIVLE
I watched videos of ppl interviewing the guy that pieces together the titan and the way he talked and the things he said were just RED FLAGS everywhere. How the hell were ppl ok with going with him? Insane in the membrane!
I can appreciate the innovation and the drive for going above and beyond, but the arrogance he exhibited is disgusting.   bro really tried to be a real-life Tony Stark.
You’re telling me if my friend signs a paper saying I can kill him, I can’t kill him?
I clicked on the OnlyFans link... I was hoping may be there was some saucy messy hair pics... but no, it was just a link to go to Patreon instead. LOL Well played sir!
Waste of time! Everyone on board knew it was a POS they were going down in!!!☝️🤨
Where are the Titan survivors? Gone! Reduced to atoms!!
All participants knew the risk and signed their life away. Period. End of story. The end. This is literally black and white.
the jurisdiction of this situation is complicated i mean the wreck is overseen by a court in virgina, the wreckage is in international waters, the passengers and rush himself came from several countries, the liability waiver is enforced in the bahamas, etc
Mike Reiss is pretty wacky to have gone on that submersible not once, not twice, but 3 times. In general I can’t see the appeal of doing something that it seems more than one person, former employees included, said had issues and that most people know could put your life at risk if something went wrong.
The US is the only place you can sue a tree for running into you.
As a lawyer I would agree that this is gross negligence and that the passengers were most likely not aware of all dangers which people brought to Rushs attention.
I just feel sorry for the kid who just wanted to please his father and the families/loved ones.
Did anyone else notice that the paragraph in question  which begins with "We do all agree.....all submersible occupants." was inserted TWO TIMES (2X) OR TWICE into the document?   Word for word.
I'll take, "obviously this was going to happen", for 500 Alex. Greedy trophywives and their sheeny lawyers
When bro said, "we control it with this playstation controller" I was like:  *Aight, I'm OUT*
Lawyer gets 40% of anything.
a lot to take in but i worked for law firms for 22 years so i found it way interesting. thank you for your comprehensive analysis as i was wondering what the families would do regarding lawsuits.
lmao
OceanGate-Gate
Call Ken Nugent law firm
How do you manage a wreckage sight located over two miles under water? It is not somebody can just go down to Titanic.
the titan was made of EXPIRED CARBONFIBER
surely this cant be gross negligence, since the actual CEO, THE GUY thought it was safe to go on to.
They fired a person who brought up safety concerns, and also sued him & threatened to sue others. They didn't certify the vessel, which is even more significant considering they used materials certified for far lower depths, or even straight up untested for such usage at all. They didn't make any systems redundant, which is against basic safety standards. They neglected to do anything after previous dangerous situations, and there were many.  This is a pretty strong case for gorss negligence, in my opinion.
Called it. I remember someone telling me that Rush specified that there were dangers via the waivers, and I replied that he seemed like the type of person who, despite that, would privately tell people it was perfectly safe so they'd hand over their money.
15:00  Fry : How many atmospheres can the ship withstand?  Professor Hubert Farnsworth : Well, it's a space ship, so I'd say anywhere between zero and one.
That man cost canadian tax payers millions of dollars. Search and rescue is meant to be unbiased so we don't worry about costs but just go. Which is fair. His greed has harmed so many people. He was too cheap to make the sub up to standard and rushed to start earning money from it by finding loopholes. I think the company should be liable because depsite the waiver saying there was a risk of death, he acted like his sub was way better even with all the experts raising the alarm bells.
Majorly? What kind of a word is that? 😂
Ignoring safety procedures pretty much makes that contract void.
Can canada sue them? Cost us millions to try and help them
I always thought that acoustic hull monitoring system seemed more like an "idiot light." I.e. when it comes on you're already screwed
How you gonna sue a dead person lol
Am I covered if I’m heated up to the temperature of the suns surface, turned into cow poo, and blown out the back of a pipe bomb? They paid good money for that horrible experience.
I think if someone advertises for tourists to visit the titanic. Then your paperwork labels you “Mission Specialist” something smells fishy.  What was the young boy a specialist in?
Yup, it's coming.  Soon OceanGate will cease to exist as a company.
Does this REALLY surprise anybody??? I'm sure lawyers were beating down the families' doors and licking their lips even before it was found.
although i don’t believe the owner of the sun is right, the people who bought the tickets knew what they were signing up for, i don’t feel a single ounce of
get into a cobbled-together submarine because you have too much money that you know what to do with at your own risk. no sympathy, sorry.
God reading that document was like reading a 12 year old’s case study on red flags in official documents
All waivers really do is stop nusince claims. You can always sue for product failure and humans error ALWAYS !!
I would say not that this is just gross negligence, but REALLY gross negligence, since the people were eviscerated in one of the grossest ways possible
Rush knew what he was doing wasn't normally done, he knew the dangers of the materials, he even knew it could kill others, he knew he broke al the rules of building pressure vessel, this is more than gross negligence
This is why regulations guarding human safety exist.
OceanGate will get away with it
Most expensive grave
Profits over safety is always a no-no. It blows my mind that the current staffers from OceanGate didn't see anything wrong with this.
I wonder, on top of the liability waivers ; does it work somewhat in Oceangate's favour the fact that these videos where the CEO clearly says and even jokes about breaking the rules ; the "regular store" parts used etc. the "makeshift" nature.  Seeing as how this proves that this was therefore not a hidden fact.
"They've now joined the exclusive club that they were so fascinated with" Nahhh😭😭
One mistake. The acoustic monitoring system was for the carbon fibre hull. not the Plexiglas. The plexiglass would actually give you a warning and would not fail immediately
No one should ever do business with them again.
I'm not a lawyer and already was salivating about the lawsuit fiesta that would ensue. I don't think millionaire/billionaire's die and the family just "Lets it go..."  Yes but the LIABILITY WAIVER did not mention all the warnings given that were IGNORED, if they were aware of THOSE it would have been different.  GROSS NEGLIGENCE.
Maybe some people will understand why regulations are important instead of thinking deregulation is a good thing
Man I wish there were subtitles on this lol
I admit I love that your Eagle Team advertisement has an actual cute and adorable eagle sound rather than a red tailed hawk screech!
Stockton Rush embodied the very corrupt and destructive mindset that has become ridiculously common among CEOs and our wealthiest citizens. If there is a "bright spot" in this situation (which there really isn't), it's that Stockton Rush has faced the ultimate punishment for his greed and arrogance and can no longer hurt anyone else.
The only reason i am sad that the CEO literally when down with his ship, is that he is not alive to be held accountable for this crime. Because in my eyes this was an absolute crime. Just hearing interviews of him talking how he cut corners.
at least the fool responsible got his due
Naming the company Oceangate is a controversial start
Action Park?
A better title would’ve been “OceanGate is in some deep water”
It feels like everyday, more and more comes out that makes it unbelievable that anyone was convinced to ride in it.
Signing a waiver is worthless in light of the gross negligence here.
Is a contract null and void if it's built around lies & deception?
The CEO is on record saying safety is not a priority.
I'm curious who they are going to sue. with the CEO dead, isn't the company just going to dissolve? What are the assets even worth?
Even if I knew literally nothing else about this sub, just knowing that their "control" device was a controller you can get for 35$ on Amazon was more than enough for me. I mean, it's not like they'd have everything else top of the line and then run out of budget there.... And it's not even a NEW controller or anything, Logitech put those out around 2010 and they haven't been updated or changed since....they couldn't even splurge for the X-Box controller the military uses for drones :P
The best company name to be involved in a scandal since Watergate. It's like the company wanted to 1-up the events surrounding the Watergate Hotel by actually killing someone courtesy of their own negligence and irresponsibility.
all this sounds like, these guys families have too much money, so yeah they will sue because they can
It was stuck by lightning? My god man
Protip- don't, in the post Watergate world, add 'Gate' to the end of your company name.  I mean, ocean is water... they basically named their company Watergate.
Oceangate is, like, the dictionary definition of gross negligence. The CEO did everything in his power to bypass safety regulations (rules written in blood). Reading the statements made by the whistleblowers reveal that the entire sub was a situation comprised entirely of red flags. The CEO did nothing to protect the passengers despite years of warnings and he's lucky the sub lasted as long as it did. I hope the company is sued into oblivion.
I can imagine that 99% of people who signed the waiver never actually read it. It’s just like the South Park “Human-CentiPad” episode where Kyle agrees to Apples usual terms and conditions and doesn’t realize he had just agreed to be part of a human centipede. None of us bother to actually read this stuff let’s be honest.
3:29 Lmao even the experts saw the irony. Still RIP to those people.
Waiver aside, they made fee paying passengers‘employees’ (mission specialists) doesn’t this open them to employee safety law, which is more strict
Just looking at this from a distance you can see multiple serious flaws in this guy’s (OceanGate) thinking.  First of all, the likely failure mechanism is going to be dynamic buckling, which doesn’t give any warning and is non-linear.  It’s not like inspecting an airplane wing for cracking, knowing the rate of crack growth or perhaps monitoring deflection knowing the maximum allowable stresses.  Dynamic buckling just happens...you exceed the dimension/material limits and it just collapses.without any meaningful warning (like bending a hollow straw until it just folds all at once).  Second is mating the titanium shell to the carbon fiber...reminds me of the shuttle disaster (not dissimilar materials but poor lip design).  Under extreme temperature changes and pressure that was a disaster waiting to happen.  And that’s without considering the porthole window or the funny tail section (haven’t seen any detail on that composition yet, but it’s really scary too).  Focusing on silly stuff like the controllers isn’t the big deal IMO...but the structure absolutely is.  So are the many lacking failsafes or emergency measures that could have been employed but weren’t.  As a retired stress analyst (mechanical engineer), I can’t believe anybody serious designed this thing.
Imagine cutting costs on a vessel charging $1 million per dive.
Hopefully they suffer a crushing defeat in court.
This proves that DEI hires and censors kill people.
So if they were "mission specialists" would that not subject them to hazardous workplace laws? 🤔
Their lawyer probably got a sinking feeling in his stomach when he realized their case was going to implode. Crushing case for his ego, I can't imagine the depths his confidence will sink to and his approved ratings will probably be under water. What a titanic disappointment to his firm, a breach of confidence for sure.
Obviously they are, the smart apes at the end decided for *Amazons GPT77X* which is the face of this year. OceanGate should have been closed years ago, glad that Bezos and Co know the drill to provide actual value. Don't sleep on that it takes 5 minutes to know how to have a better life with them.
"which bragged that it was virtually unsinkable" did they? where? when?
Stockton Rush should have brushed up on his math and science skills...?! I think you meant to say he should have brushed up on his ethics and morals
They better be
The most concerning waiver I have signed included a clause about death or injury by land mine explosion. University lawyers do not kid around about Uni event waivers. Mind you, it was a Walk for Darfur charity walk and I live in Canada. So, I signed because land mine was by far less likely that getting hit by a car.  And still in no way the University's fault if it occurred. Now, if a sub lists not being able to sue for catastrophic implosion? I probably would not sign that.
When librarianism gets you & others killed.
Clearly. Gross negligent the didn't do any non destructive testing even after 4 Dives the common quality check on deapths this deep are a non destructive check aftef just two
That legal trick WSL did was still bs.
Safety 3rd
I do like the irony of the the company being called OceanGate, when something-gate is used to imply a scandal and this all happened in the ocean.
The passengers were just as stupid as the CEO
I fully agree with the limitation of waivers for incidents where gross negligence can be shown.  Skydiving is a dangerous activity, this is a fact.  If a death occurs due to a tangle or traditional chute failure within the normal operation parameters then the waiver applies.  If it is because the company chose to fix a chute themselves with a sewing needle and thread which then later failed then the waiver wouldn’t apply.    I can see the argument here except for the very public statements that there were no regulatory bodies certifying this.  They literally told those going that this vehicle was so cutting edge it was the epitome of experimental.  It had also made numerous trips and finally the guy in charge was on board putting his ass on the line.    Every person signing that waiver knew this was a cobbled together experiment to one of the harshest environments on the planet made by a company which openly scoffed at conventional wisdom.  Every single passenger knew this.   Every single passenger accepted those vastly higher risks.    If the skydiving company you were going to use told you that they had no certifications, made their own chutes out of fabric from the craft store, and that they openly defied all conventional industry wisdom would you go skydiving with them?  These people did and they alone are responsible for their foolish decision.
The only one I feel bad for is the 19 year old, who was scared but did it for his dad. Horrible
Lol this is like the McKamey Manor liability waiver.
Why shouldn't the waiver hold up? Everyone on board surely read it first before signing it, right?
Really informative video about how liable they may or not be. Also, @19:21 holy smokes you pronounced Newfoundland correctly. Americans constantly get this wrong and it's a huge tell if you are in Canada and pronounce it as New-Found-Land instead of "Newfundland".
Yea.... Waiver means nothing when you're purposefully reckless and endanger others' lives after lying to them saying it's safe, & the waiver is a standard thing to sign. Most ppl don't have engineering degrees or understand the difference between a submersible & a submarine.  Or what the tensile strength of any type of metal is. Sure, you could blame the passengers for not doing their own research,  but when you take ppl's money for something like this, you are taking responsibility. Having ppl sign a waiver when you flat out know your vehicle isn't safe makes you legally liable in spite of the waiver.
I can't imagine being told "you're gonna kill somebody if you keep doing this" and my primary emotional response being petulant annoyance.
Dang our boy is on trending! Guess a lot of people want to see you in court
Pretty obvious they were gonna get sued. Rich people will always get their justice, they can afford it.
It just keeps getting better with every new piece of information
Not trying to defend the fact OceanGate should be sued, but if you READ that waiver and STILL signs it you’re an idiot
For virtually all of the passengers, the "gross negligence" issue is the big one, and I'm grateful for your deep dive into it here. But a secondary question that looms for me is the signature of young Suleman Dawood, the son of billionaire passenger Shahzada Dawood, who was only 19 at the time of his death and was reportedly "terrified" prior to the expedition, which he undertook as part of a Father's Day adventure with his Dad.  The age of majority for things like providing consent on a waiver is a bit of a tangle under Bahamian law. I think the "Minors Act" enacted around 1976 lowered the age from 21 to 18, which (unless Suleman signed the waiver more than a year before the trip, which seems unlikely) sounds like it would give him capacity to sign his own waiver. But the circumstances of the trip, combined with the specifics of his relationship with his father, leave me with serious questions as to whether he signed the waiver under duress.  A quick look down the rabbit-hole of signing "under duress" opens up other factors that might make a waiver signature unenforceable due to duress:  (1)misrepresentation (i.e. OceanGate or any of its published materials or employee statements were dishonest); (2)nondisclosure (i.e. material information that was not disclosed, which was known to the company and could not have been discovered easily by the passengers); (3)Unconscionability (i.e. obvious unfairness which might even include language inequalities affecting the parties' power to negotiate, in the case of the Dawoods whose first language might not have been English); (4)Public Policy (the Bahamas may have valid reasons to prevent travelling billionaires from relying on their legal system as a loophole to escape the liability of their own countries); (5)Mistakes "in law" that may have a serious impact on the aggreement.  What are your thoughts on arguments that duress could be used to invalidate the waiver—either under the obvious layman's definition, that a teenage boy desperate to please his rich absentee father may have signed under pressure from Dad, or under the more highly technical definitions of duress that a skilled litigator would have to build a complex analysis for?
I’m not getting sued.  It was all a hoax.  Everything is fine.
I would not be surprised if a few people from ocean gate go missing or have accidents in a few year or a decade
I was Wondering if they could get lawsuits against them📖📕📓They Signed it but they didn't know what will happen😲
It took way longer for the suits to start, I'm frankly surprised the company wasn't served  with papers before the wreck was pulled up.
I'm still convinved Rush was committing suicide.
Petition to make it so that tourist vessels cannot go below a depth where rescue efforts cannot be made and rapid ascension cannot happen.
... yeah... warrantless claims...😮
Bonus points for using the phrase "and that's just the tip of the iceberg" in a video about the Titanic.
I'm confused because Stockton Rush is dead. Who are they suing exactly? whos the entity?
That company is done. Nada. Past tense. So anyone still working there should’ve been resigning and leaving immediately once they got the bad news. RUN!
OBJECTION! Please wear a different tie so I can pay attention to whatever else was going on.
I’m 40, I have crossed the street 1000s of times. Still alive.
is anything left to pay?
Just once I'd like to see someone put the same painstaking care into developing a product that they do into wording their liability waivers.
_...and that's really just the..._ 😎 _TIP OF THE ICEBURG_  Just
Wouldn't the explicit inclusion of the phrase, "This vessel is not meant for human passengers," pretty much negate everything else in the waiver since they are essentially admitting fault?
I bet Stocktons not laug..... oh
3:27 "We have heard the baseless cries that 'you are going to kill someone' way too often.".  Oh hell no! If only the passengers could've seen this email exchange.
Even if Ocean Gate manages to weasel out of this lawsuit....the internet and the memes will make sure their company collpases.   Gonna have to go for a big rebrand or a revamp to peak interest again let alone trust.....
That bridge to the sponsor lol, "Stockton Rush should've brushed up on his math and science skills"
But 'How Dare You!' listen to the old white man for security issues.
for anyone thinking james cameron's not a real authority on the matter: you're wrong. see jc isn't really a filmmaker, he's a scientist and explorer who uses the profits from films to fund his science/tech projects. he's been deisgning, building, and piloting subs for decades and he's specifically spent many of those decades diving to the titanic. he's one of like 3 of the most qualified people on the planet to give opinions on this exact subject.
0:47 look at that merchant of death proud of what he's done
I know nothing about law beyond what is discussed here, but surely proving "Negligence" is the biggest issue.  Firstly, the vessel didnt HAVE to conform to any sort of regulation, inspection or independent verification. Therefore its perfectly acceptable not to? Surely?  Secondly, peoples personal thoughts of the design and its boundary pushing nature are not proof of anything negligent.  Thirdly, Stockton Rush was willing to dive on the vessel, so he must have deemed it safe enough to do so personally. This must surely hold some weight regarding "Negligence".   It will certainly be an interesting case going forward, I dont envy the families possibly having to fight this after the loss of loved ones.
I would imagine that the argument that they signed waivers and can't sue flies out the window after all the proof that Rush was warned about massive safety issues that he never fixed. Surely that invalidates the waivers because the people who signed those waivers were severely misled about the actual safety and suitability of the craft and, thus, could not have made an informed decision about what they signed.
Fat chance they even read the contract
"It depends."
Can we refer to this as OceanGateGate
a few risks need taking for science. three billionaires died and things have been learned. a good deal id say.
I will admit I'm significantly more interested in this book now than I was (which was zero). That said, still not sure I'll pick it up right away. Maybe later, but not right away.
My favorite part of the sub is the display mounts being bolted right on to the fiberglass.
The fact so many people willingly got on that sub is BAFFLING to me
tourists and passengers aren't allowed in risky experimental craft. the titan was a risky and experimental vehicle. that is why only mission specialists were allowed on board. surely a specialist would have known about and understood the risks?
"oceangate"... dude from its INCEPTION its sounded like another badly written conspiracy theory
I cannot figure out why I heard you pronounce 'submersible' as 'submersiffle' every time you said the word. Is it some kind of a joke, or was I mishearing you?
the 'estate of the victims' that is billionaires. so billionaires are suing to get more money? surely no one can think that is appropriate? billionaires should have money taken from them, as they have got rich by stealing from the world. they shouldn't be given more filthy stolen blood money.
Pringles sub. That is all.
How bonkers is it that they named themselves OceanGate, like they knew they were going to be a scandal. yes!
Someone outta make movie one day about this  They can call it… Titanic 2 | A Tour to Titanic With Russian Roulette In A Submarine
the amount of public dollars that went to the search and recovery of these rich assholes makes me sick tbh
Never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.   ~Bullet Tooth Tony
Majorly? What is there to sue?
ngl if someone did something... extralegal... I wouldn't shed a tear. I wouldn't condone, but neither would I grieve, how much a POS that greedy idiot in charge clearly is.
Classy self ad❤
It wasn't a "seaworthy vessel" if it imploded at the depth it was meant to explore. Reality speaks for itself. Isn't the fact that it failed direct evidence that it wasn't "seaworthy?" The extreme pressure was always going to be there. There was absolutely nothing extenuating about the specific thing that caused failure.
Are you hype for the OceanGate Movie?
As an ant-like working man, I only see rich people messing around spilling time and chasing money to get even richer. What has a society has to gain with all this fuzz. In Europe we are looking very dismissive to the American sew culture. I guess everybody is scared of everybody over there. Sad.
What if US courts will say, it's their jurisdiction, and Canada courts will say that they will take those cases too. Or maybe Bahama will follow through with their cases. Will they all be able to pass judgement without issues or is there an international dibbing system, where court says they are first so they have jurisdiction? Or do they argue about it for years until case is heard? I guess, all courts do as they please, since the defamation case of Deep and Heart was both in US and UK, and usually justice systems are independent.
I'm not trusting someone named Stockton Rush to build anything more complicated than a beer bong.
00:45 "im definitely an outlier"   this is true, hes out-lying in the bottom of the north atlantic
If this isn't gross negligence, I literally cannot imagine what could qualify.. They fired someone over a safety concern. That’s gotta be gross negligence.
The evidence will doom the document.. company will be done backrupt
The rush guy thinks like a 12 year old IMO
I object - Yo, outstanding tie, Devon!
if this trial takes place in bahamas courts then (in english law anyway) an exclusion clause that mitigates liability in the even of death is NOT enforceable
If I was on a jury, the fact that the submarine expert tried to sound an alarm would tell me that this went from standard incompetence to gross negligence. I've served on a US Navy submarine myself, and these things are a wonder of engineering - and safety is no joke on these things, either.
You thought that "tip of the iceberg" comment was gonna slide by, didn't you?
Stockton Rushing to a watery grave
In English law, the Judge will ask, what would a REASONABLE man do? Oceangate falls down on social customs (blasé and ego-driven attitude towards safety) and industry customs (he was warned by many different and diverse parties).
Who would have thought there'd be an ocean-based controversy surrounding a company called OceanGate?
Billionaires, am I right?
maybe this is a hot take, a controversial opinion even, but it is my strong conviction that this CEO murdered his four passengers. i don't care what the law says. i don't care what his intentions were. it is my opinion that he killed these four people through a callous disregard of safety regulations that actually keep people alive while doing dangerous shit.   i'm an aviation enthusiast, i love planes, and i enjoy learning about the things which have gone wrong across the long march of aviation innovation. there is a reason air travel is as safe as it is today, and that reason is regulations, regulations which were written in blood, over and over and over again. and you know what happens each time standards and regulations are ignored? inevitably, disaster strikes again. innovation is not shackled by regulation. i genuinely do not give a single flying f*** about your innovation if it involves ignoring lessons learned. how it is innovation if you're taking multiple steps backward and repeating mistakes which have already been made? what meaningful innovation has this CEO accomplished? so far, i've yet to hear anything about what cool new technology he's brought into the field, instead it sounds like he was mostly interested in how much he could cut corners and spend less, and considering that's happening every day everywhere, it doesn't sound very innovative to me! couldn't even be bothered to be negligent in a new way, unless you count being "obscenely UNsafe", to twist his own words.   this dunderhead of a CEO was profoundly stupid, arrogant, and maybe if i'm feeling kind, i'll call him delusional, too. that's maybe the nicest comment i could stand to make, because at least delusional people can't help it. he was warned, repeatedly, by people a million times more qualified, that he was not only tempting fate, but that he was going to kill people, and he chose to disregard all the concerns raised. he is a killer. he killed his passengers. my only consolation is that he gamed ended himself, too. good riddance.
4 on trending
Wealthy people should not be allowed to participate in such dangerous activities. Their lives are far to precious to loose. We need their brilliant mind's to solve the worlds many problems.
Wouldn't classifying passengers as "mission specialists" and ticket fees as donations be considered fraud though? I kniw that's barely a drop compared to the gross negligence at play but still.
Add a further commentary on the manufacturers of the Titan. Was the submersible defective due to errors in manufacturing? Should the manufacturer be liable for the use of substandard parts, materials, or methods of assembly. One report said that The carbon fiber was cheap because the lot had been rejected for use in aircraft. The use of atmospheric assembly in a warehouse, not an autoclave with vacuum curing or a clean room at least class 10,000 level, are all suspect. Even thoygh Stockton Rush signed off on these, was he competent in the several fields of engineering involved?
they are finished
Hey LegalEagle, I wonder if you'd take a look at the FTC vs Microsoft case? I hear there's all sorts of legal shenanigans going on. Would love you hear your thoughts on it!
Registering a company in a country that doesnt operate in waters anywhere close to that country is a major red flag
Sue to get what? Bet there isnt anything to 'liquifie' (pun masterfully intended) Id bet there isnt really any money to sue for so it would just be for show essentially.
hey @LegalEagle you should look into alan pans situation with the  mythbusters trademark. seems like he has every right to use the trademark seeing as he bought it but discovery is sending cease and desist letters to him and the companies hes using for production. looks exactly like a "you cant afford to battle us so surrender" kind of situation.
But who are you going to sue and who's going to benefit when everyone involved is.. dead..?
In retrospect, it was a bad move to call a company Oceangate when -gate is a shorthand suffix to refer to a major scandal. And then appeal to people with access to a team of lawyers
I'm going to come to OceanGate's defense and say that anyone who looked at that home-made deep sea vessel and didn't think it was a death trap was either suicidal or too stupid to live. That being said, if he continues to try and operate OceanGate without getting a properly certified submersible, he ought to be jailed for attempted Murder.
At least they don't have other devices or "noisy neighbors" that far down for their Bluetooth and Wi-Fi 14:33
So when are we going to make another like it? That is the real question.
To everyone who kept telling me the company was invulnerable because the waiver mentioned death, sincerely... suck it.
In my way of thinking (and with a vastly uneducated perspective on law and common sense surrounding law) OceanGate should have had a lawyer present when creating the liability waiver so they would know what situations would render it void. In a similar vein, each passenger on the OceanGate vessel should have had a lawyer present when signing the liability waiver so they also would know what situations would render it void. It would be my suspicion that the former was likely true and the latter was likely not, which in my opinion would implicate the passengers with as much negligence of their own safety as the OceanGate operators, unless it can be proven that the passengers were convinced that legal counsel would not be necessary when signing this waiver.
I keep wondering what a "submersival" is.
"Obscenely save"  Ah yes, I hate it when there is too much safety in inherentlu dangerous activities
Considering the previous published concerns. Would a reasonable person participate? I don't think so. But if I'm told it's safe then that sounds like an actionable grievance.
Jack ryan?!
I've come to appreciate the utility of European style unlimited companies. If you follow the rules, society will limit your liability to what you've put into your company. You're welcome to do what you want like Ocean Gate but if it goes wrong, victims can sue for all your personal wealth.
23:58 right under the highlighted part. "Under U.S regulations, you can kill crew". There's no way that's true. The safety of the crew & passengers is a Captain's #1 priority, right?
I hope the billionaires don't get a dime and I hope the company goes bankrupt trying to defend against the lawsuits that way they all lose.
Great video.
By international maritime law, the bahamas are the flag country of the vessel, and so it has jurisdiction. Now there is no guaruantee the UN would enforce that, but by preexisting international agreement, thats how things are supposed to go.
It is a lawsuit of titanic proportions ba-dum GISH
Real life John Hammond.
Well, after all the wrangling is over, I hope a new precedent is set, under the title, 'Oceangate vs The Unlubed Dildo of Consequences' (2023).
To be fair, "real engineering" has been shown to not know what he's talking about from time to time, especially when conartist companies pay him money to not call they're "invention" out on it being useless so maybe get a better source
On one hand, there's so much proof that OceanGate's CEO was an idiot trying to get as much money out of stupid rich people as possible that the lawsuits almost write themselves.  On the other hand, a massive amount of that proof was publicly available.  With the inherent risk of going that deep into the ocean and the amount of money that was being invested by the passengers, where does the line of being a responsible customer belong?  The lawsuit against the safety concern whistleblower, the transportation to international waters before climbing on the ship that takes passengers out to the wreck, the utter disregard for safety regulations, the fees being called 'donations', all of it are huge red flags that were present before the accident.    This whole thing is like knowing someone who know a guy who knows a guy who can hook you up with everything and everyone you need to climb Mt. Everest on the cheap.
Stupid is as stupid does.  - Forrest Gump
Don't say they can't sue. Billionaires always find a way.
IMO, "fine-print" shouldn't be considered to have the final say when people are mislead by marketing, behavior of company etc. People tend to discount legalese as just a formality if they're given a (false) sense of security; "the lawyers are just trying to justify their paycheck, and the company wouldn't be allowed to run if it really was that dangerous" and other similar thoughts like that. Doesn't really sound like most of the victims really did understood what they were supposedly consenting to.
So was it true that the window was only rated for 1300m, I've heard it a few times but it sounds so dumb I can't even imagine the elevator button idiot doing it
0:55 terrible joke
You should do a video about the first episode of the new season of Black Mirror because all of that episode seemed like utter BS
I also feel like the passengers should have done their research. anyone who ignores so much negative feedback also deserves what they get.
I mean if you did something extremely stupid....How can you sue? Like these people that died are all complete idiots. I don’t have any sympathy for people this dumb.
Still using that highlighter text edit? Be careful my friend lol 😆
So, basically, this is a legal cluster f**k. Got it.
"4 people and an unwilling teen, probably threatened with his inheritance, to some extent, were willing to accept extraordinary risk.."
Please remember that his son didn't want to be there, he was just trying to make his nutter of a dad proud cuz he knew his dad had been a Titanic nut since childhood
I still cant feel bad about a handful of billionaires dying in the most comical and ironic way possible.
The mix of materials that were subjected to the pressures of 3000m was the biggest flaw of the submersible, it was only a matter of time before the titanium and carbon fiber sections would separate despite whatever glue was used. When the carbon fiber section was trying to compress several centimeters smaller in diameter, even the smallest of leaks would be spraying water at incredible pressures similar to how a water jet is used to cut through metal. The failure of this submersible was doomed, it was just a matter of time. 💦
I hope that people will notice it as a wake up call. We're simply too prone to interpret stupidity based arrogance as confidence and we pay dearly for that.🤦🏻‍♂️ Also that they're going to be sued into oblivion. 🤞🏼🤞🏼 Although if we speak of millionaires as passengers, they had the means to hire a competent third party for some due diligence. So shared responsibility. 😬
He sounds like the high schoolers I work with. Taking criticism of his project as "a serious personal insult." Yeah dude, that's part of the problem. This guy clearly doesn't know enough about engineering to understand how stupid his design decisions were. I mean, he thinks the safety culture of submersible design is stifling innovation. Only fools think that innovation and safety are mutually exclusive.
Well, at least that clown can't hurt anyone else.
As weird as this may sound, I wish the bastard survived. This could've been a good reality check for him. His narcissism annoys me.
Can we really expect anything better from a company that had the perfect name for a shit storm? I mean cmon, sticking “gate” after something controversial or whatever happening has been a thing forever, to the point that i thought that “oceangate” was just what people were calling this tragedy, not the company name. Shot themselves in the foot with that one.
Wouldn't the companey just say those people just paid for assisted sucide
I guess the family of the billionaire can litigate anywhere the want to for as long as they want to. I foresee a lifetime of litigation for the company directors.
The very simple fact that many people actually went on it, and survived is astounding
The off the shelf parts such as controllers motors sensors etc, aren't necessarily what people were concerned with, it was the carbon fiber hull that was classified as experimental to go to those depths that was the big thing.
Im guessing the people that signed that wont be the people attending court .
Rush must have known personally that his craft was unsafe but denied it because money meant more than a life! I won't be surprised if oceangate win though.
In that interview with the guy constantly laughing you can tell rush didn't like it. In hindsight everyone was laughing at his dangerous death trap. RTM to what use is it when your so far down. It only serves as a Real Time Death Monitoring system.
Can you do a video about the new UAP legislation?
No matter how this turns out in the courts, OceanGate is done for. No one will ever trust this company again. This will follow the name even. Future companies that use the name will have to work past the stigma.
The only one on that sub that deserved their fate was Stockton Rush. Though I would have preferred he wasn't onboard just so he could alive to be dragged through the courts and aware of how the public sees him
Ive been wanting to hear your explanation for all this cause youre a lawyer and definitely know more than most
could both country's sue them? A joint lawsuit from both country's working together? But same Charges?  Edit: I'm curious
@Legaleagle   Legal question: with the loopholes Oceangate will try to use, is there a provision inder Admiralty Law or the law if the sea for this vessel?
I’m a firm believer of “play stupid games, win stupid prizes” and normally wouldn’t think court to be necessary over a dangerous recreational hazard  But this? This is negligence of the highest order. They’ve openly admitted to ignoring known safety standards, refused to get any third party certification and even fired and subsequently sued someone who brought up safety issues with the submersible design. This was a cheap, dangerous cash grab and they deserve to be taken to the cleaners over it
Id love to see what the courts think when they hopefully see video of Rush saying how "safety just gets in the way and hampers innovation" as well as many other such arrogant mindless careless statements he made. If the courts are fair, they will see even the waiver should not cover this uncertified not properly tested and known failure prone history as well as Rush's reckless arrogant brushing off and even firing of the many experts who tried to tell him in person, emails and so on that the whole thing was fundamentally dangerous and extremely unsafe.
That lightning strike was a warning.
I think the The limitation act and the subsequent SPVA is the most capitalistic thing EVER... It protects the big money and shafts the small owners... It reminds me of the oppositon to the increase of the limit on liabilities after the Deep Water Horizon accident... Where the cogent argument was "Think of the mom&pops firms!" on a situation where there was BILLIONS of damage and just the vessel involved ran at one million dollars a day of rent...
Given the amount of time it takes to surface in an emergency the RTM was a literal joke as a "warning system" - it was tantamount to turning to the passengers and simply saying "well, looks like were all going to die so pray fast".
The design and construction of this sketchy death machine should be referenced for all eternity as the epitome of shoddy and inefficient machinery, "Rush-Rigged".
It was so reckless that I wouldn't be surprised if he intentionally wanted to go out and take innocent people with him so everyone would know his name.  I love Titanic but had no idea who he was before this.
Wow, I didn't know that even the waiver mentions that the submarine wasn't certified by any independent organization.
Majorly getting sued means what?  Anyone can sue anyone at any time for anything. Winning and collecting are a whole different story.   Good luck winning and collecting here.
I can deal with that everyone on the vessel should have known better - except for the 19 year son of the passengers on there. How much of a informed knowledge and choice did he really have? I wonder if there is more of a potential lawsuit for him than the others.  It's not like he could have as easily said "No dad, this seems dumb"
If only the Titan were as airtight as the waiver.
If Oceangate is the company, I guess the scandal has to be called Oceangategate.
play stupid games win stupid prizes, that guy who went 4 times and every time was a problem, ok you get a pass for the first time... maybe.. but a 2nd 3rd and 4th, nah you wishing death bruh
It's like suing a dead lion who ate you after you stepped into the gated lion enclosure who was then killed because he ate a human.   All of the people onboard that submarine knew what they were getting into, could've found out more if they deemed it worth their time, and had ample opportunities not to get onboard.
Guess they couldn't handle the pressure
I’m not sure who decided to use a game controller to operate the submarine? But either way I’m not saying that the game controller contributed to it, but this whole thing despite the warnings it’s amazing. They went ahead and allowed this submarine to pass despite the risks🙄🙄🙄
Why aren't you covering the Biden Admin and social media censorship legal battle right now? A Supreme court decision not important enough?
It's just scary to consider waiving the responsibility if the company is aware that death is a strong possibility, for a joy ride.
Hhaaaaaaa prouf money doesnt buy intelligence
Sue all they like, a waiver signed before   will null the proceedings.
a bunch of ultra rich people disappears together.... what if they were not even there and now they have new identities living the life in the Bahamas.
The controller wasn't PlayStation and was an Xbox controller but a 3rd party one, so it would be Logitech who's controller he used. Peoole keep on saying the controller is playstation are not gamers as the buttons on playstation are X, O, Triangle, Square. That's bottom, right, top, left order of buttons and I will list them that way for the others as well. The Logitech had Xbox buttons which are A, B, Y, X. These are also buttons for Xbox. Nintendo also uses those buttons but in the order of B, A, X, Y but Nintendo controllers don't look like that anyway.  The Logitech controller uses A, B, X, Y and also has the colours green, red, yellow, blue for each button just as Xbox does. So it's definitely a 3rd party Xbox controller and not a playstation one.
Could you actually see anything though the window?  If you couldnt, then why go in the first place? I would be perfectly happy sitting on the surface running a camera submersible. As long as I get to say where too go, I see no difference.  Edit addition: Also I have the engineering knowledge of a tapeworm but, even I know that the only shape even close to safe is a sphere.  Any cylinder is going to be weakest in the centre. Its pinch point. The middle of the cilinder would have to be reinforced to the point where it would end up being a sphere anyway.   Maybe I am just an example of the dunning kruger effect.
Could you actually see anything though the window?  If you couldnt, then why go in the first place? I would be perfectly happy sitting on the surface running a camera submersible. As long as I get to say where too go, I see no difference.
Criminal charges are hopefully on the way. Customers were lied to and intentionally deceived of the danger they were exposed  to. I want to see jail time for the employees. GREAT INFO !!  THANK YOU !!
This dude was a real life Cave Johnson.
I think OceanGate has a strong argument that Rush being physically present in the sub shows that they had a good faith belief (reasonably or not) that the sub was safe.  They have to prove that OceanGate senior leaders knew they were being reckless. If they knew they were being dangerously reckless, why was the highest ranking officer in the company be onboard?
Thank you... I stg I've been called an idiot since I tried to explain these waivers would likely not be held up in court....
20:33 I've always wondered about that. From what i've seen (and i'm the farthest from an expert) it could be argued that if the Titanic didn't try to avoid the iceberg and hit it dead on, it is highly likely it wouldn't have sank, that the act of trying to steer away from it possibly contributed to it sustaining the damage that caused it to sink. I've always wondered about a situation like that, where if the action that you take to avoid something (which I would assume most if not everyone would do) causes a incident to occur when no action may have better, what would that due to the  liability?
I dont get why people so often contravene safety laws and regulations. They don't exist to hinder you, they exist to keep you safe and protect your life. Its similar for example, with not wearing a seatbelt. A law/regulation which saves your life but so many people ignore and end up with critical injuries or death.
Stockton's statement on his preferred thick plexiglass "crackling" somehow giving the passengers enough time to react accordingly suddenly makes sense in a way when you realize that he was an aerospace engineer who thought he knew better than actual marine engineers in their field of expertise.
Serious question: but what would they be suing for? It can't be money?
0:53 right on spot
14:50 - "Carbon fiber is a great material, better than the Titanium, better than the a lot of other materials" Jeez, I guess US spending unimaginable amount of resources to secure enough Titanium from Soviet Union during the Cold War was just out of ignorance
James Cameron Be Like: im making documentary movie about ocean gates.  Also Ocean Gates: 💀💀💀
Yea but its safe, right? 😂...😢
90% of the failures listed are completely normal for subs that dive that deep. Watch any documentary on deep dive submersibles.
As many loopholes were found and used to get an apparently unsafe sub operating, will be found and used to conclude gross negligence.
The rescue mission itself cost american taxpayers around 8 million dollars so that this complany can make 1,2 m and kill 6 people.
those people shouldve known better when they saw the damn consle controller 100% at fault here
the truth is : the guilty person is d e a d, the ultimate payment. the company was financially in dire straits  even before this. Good luck getting even a penny. Plus the people -like you strenuously underline - knew what they were getting into.
I may not add something legal here but something of a diffrent view which may screw over OceanGate in the lawsuit. I was/am an HSE engineer. And I said it before, the sentence "the vast majority of marine accidents are a result of operator error" is such an insidious thing to say or at least a huge cop out and may even display gross negigence.  It shows that they  a) have no idea what they are talking about (surviver's and confirmation bias) b) have little regards for saftey c) (most of the time) are thinking they are above the experts in the field. d) think others are too stupid to know better.  He is not wrong when he says most accidents happen due to human error. However that is not because humans are stupid or the sturctures are so strong by default, but because saftey protolcolls are written in a way, that if operation is within those parameters the material/machine wont fail. This also goes side by side with the "oh materials can withstand so much more than what they are tested for". This is also correct, but we test for endurance and SAFE operation. Yea I can push the material to a lot more than what I've tested it for BUT then it becomes unpredictable. So when someone says it's all down to human error, they are correct in the statistical sense but wrong with respect to the actual operation of a machine/material/organisation.  AND ironic enough, failiure here was due to a human error, if you want to make the point. The human error beeing not to acknowlage limitations of their own craft. Yes the material (most likely) gave way, but considering the operation (which I as an HSE-engineer did, I was not tasks with testing but operational saftey), it was human error, discarding of saftey protocols which led to the accident. Not all human errors are breaking wrongly or puishing the wrong button, most of the time it is not follwoing set saftey protocolls, because one knows better and loss of respect for the enviroment one works in.   TL;DR Ironically enough, he is correct when saying most accidents happen due to human error, then turning around and makeing a human error with respect to operational saftey. He operated his craft outside of it's safe operational setting, and that is the most common human error. Discarding saftey protocoll, not pushing the wrong button or beeing to brutish with the material.
YT put an ad right in the middle of the dadjoke “tip of the iceberg.” In the middle of the *word* “iceberg.”Ugggh.
One thing I've learned as a process engineer is that wireless technology is great, until it isn't.  Any critical system needs hardwired or mechanical backups to, at a minimum, put the system into a safe configuration when (not if) the wireless fails.
was waiting for you to make a video about this, but i hoped it would include some insight about who would be held responsible for any potential damages. and also whether the CEO was personally on board would in any way act as a counter argument to negligence
i disagree that it could be rule as gross negligence since that is more about intentions and he clearly believed that it was secure enough given that he himself died in that trip and believed that the regular standards where not needed, you would maybe need to prove that he was suicidal given that if you want to argue gross negligence
Mind you no safety certification etc because international waters. Not sure what can be done for sea exploration regulations.
Who are they sueing? It seems like the guy responsible was on the sub.
Real Engineering was talking specifically about the carbon fiber composite, not the fiberglass. Carbon fiber composites fail much more quickly and dramatically than many other materials. The stress-strain curve looks like a cliff because there is very little deformation just before and during failure.  The acoustic monitoring system he referenced was an actual electronic monitoring system, not just passengers listening. For those reasons it seems like you took that clip out of context.
Thinking you can write up a waiver that prevents lawsuits is equivalent to thinking you could get a woman to write a waiver stating a man will not have to pay child support in the event she gets pregnant. May look good on paper, both will cost you more than you can afford.
RE those five people willing to risk it, as mentioned at the beginning - that submersible went down before that several times. Why would these 5 think differently? When was that interview about the off-shelf parts aired? Just before those last 5 took the one-way journey or well before?
Of course they're getting sued. In a system where those without money and power are less represented by the SECOND, and those with all the power and money get millions upon millions of dollars of rescue efforts LONG AFTER we all acknowledge the thing imploded, then obviously those who would dare defy those with all the power and money would have that system crash down on them like a tsunami of bricks.
I cannot understand how and why Nargeolet, who was a submarine veteran, and who knew that the titan was shoddily built and hazardous, could ever shell out a cool 250 K and go inside that death trap.
"...or even crossing the street." 😳😳😳 If I heard someone claim that their trip to the bottom of the ocean was less dangerous than crossing the street, I would get the HELL away from that person as quickly as possible.
I mean, I acknowledge that getting on a roller coaster may be a dangerous activity that may result in me being injured or killed if something goes wrong, but also as a theme park guest, I expect the companies building, hosting and maintaining the coaster to put in the resources and work to ensure that something going wrong is a slim possibility and that if something does go wrong, measures are in place to reduce the risk and severity of injury or death.  This is an analogy.
It was expected. I am eager to see how OceanGate will defend itself.
who tf cares
This sounds like a Bioshock situation, where a millionaire, up to his ass in ADAM, invents something weird and takes some of the same social class with him.
Heh; when a submersible fails, mere "serious injury" is never going to be on the options list.  It's going to go from (maybe) 'What's that noise?' to the ocean turning you into a pink smear of meat paste floating away in the current in a time counted in milliseconds.
All of this is hubris. Unadulterated hubris and an invincibility complex brought on by thinking that your money exempts you from the laws of nature.  Recklessness, irresponsibility and foolishness at the very least. I hope this company gets sued into dust. This isn't the Age Of Discovery and we HAVE the knowledge and tech that took the lives of many to secure...and yet he did it anyway.
OceanGate is toast. The ship was not worthy, they skipped tests, they cut corners, the ex-employee who was sued... there is going to be loads and loads of evidence to show how bad they were.
They have gate in their name. We should have seen a scandal coming.
Sueing who ? Didn’t the boss also go down with them  ,,,  weren’t they rich enough?  Typically american…
What I've learned from this channel is that the american legal system is an actual joke.
"Submersivle"
What? OceanHell, you mean. Straight to 🔥💥☄️no more like GONE! The End.
"Tip of the iceberg"
A capitalist getting himself and his customers killed?  how unusual... -.-
There is no paperwork that protects a corporation that knows the product they are dropping into dangerous conditions is actually exhibiting signs of coming apart every time it goes down under the ocean (the carbon fiber was actually making crackling sounds, worse as it got deeper, every dive) and ............ intentionally fails to tell its customers that it those troubling signs exist and that the sub is showing signs that it may implode this trip down. The last part is key.  The corporation has the duty to disclose all current risks involved in the activity. The risks became exponentially worse every time it went down, especially since the OceanGate corporation  - did - have the ability to lifespan test the craft and refused to do this -  essential to the preservation of human life -  step. OceanGates intentional refusal to do this very common step of life cycle testing the craft, even after being warned by every existing expert - in writing -  in the deep-sea diving field, to do so, indicates an intention, by the management of the OceanGate corporation,  to use the liabilities wavers as legal protection from their own intentionally dangerous, irresponsible and ultimately, deadly actions. A liabilities waiver or twenty liability waivers are no protection from a company that is actively refusing to do testing that may save lives. From that point forward, the only person qualified to be in that sub was Stockton Rush alone.  Stockton Rush and the entire management of OceanGate had no legal ability to expose anyone to a risk of loss of life in such a craft. Those liability waivers are zero protection to the people who ran the management at OceanGate and they are all as guilty as Stockton Rush was. Killing a billionaire was a HUGE mistake. HUGE. There are years of lawsuits coming directly aimed at every person who worked there. In this legal situation,  OceanGate repeatedly going right to the limit of the existing regulations and legal limitations to avoid being affected by those legal limitations and regulations, shows an intentional act of trying to avoid the law. There is so much criminality in the way OceanGate was run, it almost looks like a scam. A scam to entice someone very rich to finance the madness of Oceangate and then there would have been ten untested carbon fiber coffins dropping into the ocean, getting ready to implode just above the wreck of the Titanic. Thankfully, the ocean stopped that from happening. Sadly, Stockton Rush was not alone when the ocean blinked its eye and said, enough.
The Limitation Act needs to be repealed in its entirety. It is well beyond its usefulness at this point.
Nah, if you gonna do shit like this you is the only one to blame, they absolutely could rent cinema and go watch Titanic instead of diving to it.  They decided, they signed, they paid for it.
All the previous customers... could they be considered witnesses in any potential sue? The BBC female journalist looked absolutely terrified.
YAAAAAAAS! Scam artists deserved to be sued.
"what the iphone was to the the blackberry"   What an arrogant man. Short sighted too. The man was form over function in an application where function is king.
wat kind of idiot would sign a death waiver, go 2 miles deep and then just die lol, idiots for dieing, completelty there fsault
There's no money. The founder is dead. Maybe a few million in assets, but more in debts. No insurance. I think perhaps some of the surviving leadership should be charged, depending on what they knew.
Sounds like Stockton Rush got what was coming to him, the tragedy was he took four other people with him. RIP.
5 rich absolute idiots, it took me a few days to believe that anyone would go into that tin death trap and dive into the sea- what an absolute waste
You can sue anybody for anything but you can’t get blood from a turnip.
>Cyclops one was only engineered for depths up to five hundred meters Ah yeah didn't get the MK1 depth upgrade yet, took me a while to find that too.
I wasn't interested in this story before so thank you for this. Now I understand all the memes. Also imagine being a "titanic expert" and then going on a trip to the depths in a tin can held together with duct tape and steered by a playstation controller.
It's a shit Company for creating such Vessel with incredible shit Safety Measures,... And they should've put in their waiver or atleast told the Passengers that they changed the Engineer's Analysis/Evaluation towards the Vessel's Materials, but the Passengers should've known this and should've said "Uhh Hell naw! That ship is too crappy I ain't signing this shit"  But then again we all have been this kind of crap on our daily life, we are also are the same with these Passengers of OceanGate's Vessel,... We all ate a freak'n McDonalds almost every once in a while when we all knew their food are gonna give us Diabetes that could literally kill us or give us sickness, even if there's waiver in McDonalds everytime they serve the food we all still gonna sign that shit because we know in our hearts we are craving for McNuggets or McChicken
Please cover Allen Pan’s Cease and Desist from Turner. He recently posted a video about the situation and commentors are split on if he is truly in the wrong and how he should go about his response. For context, in the video he already responded and is not fighting the large business due to how expensive it would be. Would love your thoughts!
Such a shame the CEO was on the sub. Would have loved seeing him answer for his own stupidity. Instead he died still thinking he was a genius.
WaterGate = OceanGate :/
By being towed out on the sled means very little maintenance, checks, even routine battery charging was probably ignored ?? :/
Ocean Gate - Scandalously save
Paper victory if they win. There's no money to be had.
Any other billionaires want to have a go?
Pure foolishness of Stockton Rush! Very insane...
Anything that helps put OceanGate out of business is a good thing.  Why?  Because the entire operation is tainted with Stockton Rush's wreckless approach to management and overwhelming sense of adventure above all else?, including safety and common sense.
That's a fuckin sweet tie. Too distracted by the tie to listen to the lawyering.
That off-brand controller Logitech F710 is about the best thing about that submarine. I own it, do recommend.
I like how it had issues and guy went back for 2 more trips with same problem lol This is like when some one snaps and up to that day they were like "oh so and so they so nice, and fine I trust them with my life." Then after the find 8 skeletons in basement "I never trusted so and so, I found it kind fishy, as I loaned him my shovel, multiple times and later my wood chipper..."
"Carbon fiber is a great material" wouldn't even fly in an undergraduate engineering course...
If I have to sign a form for a recreational activity that says I may die, that's a clear sign to leave ASAP.
Oceangate is conveniently named to sound like a scandal huh.
Things named 'Gate' rarely end well. Having a spare $250,000 to go see something that was one of the biggest avoidable disasters in history is a sign that you have too much money.
Rush and Trump were cut from the same cloth - they are both liars and cheats - altogether despicable human beings.
Tip of the iceberg
the waiver had the words "death" and "die" like 18 times each... these idiots who got on that tin coffin must have had a deathwish
Every time I watch one of your videos where you break down how the courts work, I feel that vigilantism is more and more necessary. It's like this crap is *made* so rich people can endanger people and get away with it.
Obviously the founder ignored all safety precautions and standards creating the titan submersible. Gross negligence the waiver is null and void.
Unfortunately this is a case of personal responsibility, they knew they could die and they signed a waiver, simple. This law nonsense is just a circus designed to stop those who want to take a risk from taking that risk. You all have to accept that one day you will all die and can't Iive forever.
I think the reputational damage alone has sealed Oceangates fate.
I am betting nothing significant comes from this court case. Remember, we *are* still dealing with billionaires.  All that will happen is the company will shut down.
Great video, but I just wanted to say I love your tie!
Man, it really shows something when I leave the video with a heavy heart for the woman at Glacier. Who was brought down underwater without proper precautions unknowingly and had to die such a horrible death. F***, that hurts me in my soul.
Euthanasia is illegal under UK law, as is enabling or transporting someone to their possible demise. Signing that waiver was like saying “I have a death wish and am happy to put my life in the hands of a reckless sociopath knowing he hasn’t bothered to check details or ask questions like ‘Is this safe?’ Yeah, I asked, he said, ‘No, hahaha that’s why we need you to sign the waiver, duh’”.  So, prison?
At 18:41 - anyone else notice that the blog post says "this does not mean that OceanGate does meet standards where they may apply"?  Freudian slip from the company blog, there?
Hey! My request for an OceanGate video was granted. Thanks!
The thirst for vengeance to deaths of others. Good they get sued but realize nothing is absolute and can fall apart especially made by the nature of failable humans. Tech is never perfect and anything created by humans. Nature is indifferent and expect climbing mountains to diving deep in oceans to be a risk. Flying in planes to driving in cars even if a smaller risk.  Thanks for the legal explanations.
I hope they do get sued..... the CEO is Dead because of this and if this Lawsuit kills the Company? so be it! The CEO didn't think the Sub was Unsafe when in Reality it was and little did he realize 1st hand he was going to take his Life with a Few others when Diving down in the Vessel to go see the Titanic! Those Lives are joining the Hundreds who died during the Sinking of the Titanic
Overall, saving money is what killed these people - if that sub had been dismantled repeatedly, components cut apart for testing and new ones built, and Version 9 was what did this trip, the questions about the engineering, materials used, design choices would all have been tested and proven worthy or not of consideration... and I'd say those people would not have died.   I do think one thing that gets missed a lot in the discourse is that the submarine did work. It didn't work on *this* trip, to *this* depth. But it did work, repeatedly, including to this depth. It had issues, varied and repeated. But it *did* successfully complete trips, with passengers. And trips were delayed and cut short when safety concerns arose.   I don't think any of that means it would ever withstand public scrutiny in the event of disaster.  But up until this trip, the "use existing products" and "save money" approach did actually build a working submersible, capable of deep sea tourism.    I would never have gotten into a vehicle when engineers publicly think it's not a good design... But I think all of us would get into the version 3, 4, 5, 10 and laugh at those engineers who doubted the 'genius' of the 'entreprenuer' a decade from now.  He took risks, he took them with his own life, too, and up until this trip they'd paid off  :[
So we can say noted Libertarian Stockton Rush was basically a cashed up Dale Gribble.
ngl, at that point that should be counted as manslaughter. They knew it was unsafe and highly likely to result in catastrophe but constantly ignored every chance to fix what was wrong and did their best to try and mislead people into thinking it was safer than it actually was. This was absolutely gross negligence and there's probably a good chance that this could also go as 3rd degree murder due to how they were essentially leading people to their deaths knowing that could indeed have occurred with their faulty equipment. Awful to see how this happened.
CF is a great material, and evidently it was perfectly fine for the Titan's use...A COUPLE OF TIMES...  I remember playing paintball back in the day, and I remember that our CF tanks didn't last forever.  so I'm honestly not surprised to hear how many times he'd kept pushing his luck... and it finally ran out.
18:50 That is like saying: "I have to much air with oxygen around me, how can I find alternatives to oxygen, if there is so much of it everywhere?" The oxygen is kind of needed to survive - so are the regulations.
Fwiw, the makers of the Titanic did not consider the ship to be unsinkable, this notion is apocryphal. There was a Youtuber who tried to dig deeper into the claim and found the earliest mention of it in an advertisement, but even then it was saying that the ship was as unsinkable as the technology of the time could make it. The builders of the Titanic adhered to safety standards, which Stockton Rush did not.
"Five people were willing to accept extraordinary risks"  Nope, it was… Boston Globe says "at least two dozen".
Why did NO BODY put videos like this online before..I did not view or like..
objection, can't tell whether you're saying submersible or submersivle, one may not exist, kinda like the tibula.
-fired peeps for voicing safety concerns and tried to silence them -deliberately avoided regulatory oversight and structural monitoring after multiple dives. -deliberately misled clients on the "exact level of safety" in how he presented it, versus how the liability waivers presented it. >.> SOUNDS LIKE GROSS NEGLIGENCE TO ME
The only good thing I can say about Rush is he believed his own propaganda and went down with the ship along with his foolish compatriots upon tempting fate one too many times.
The young man will be the biggest issue I suspect ? There is some evidence he did not really consent fully.
I'm surprised this video wasn't sponsored by Subway Sandwiches, 'because our subs never implode'...
Everyone who died on Titan died fools' deaths, and I don't feel any sympathy at all for them.
That interview with Stockton Mush is getting close to Blackadder’s interview with Captan Redbeard before his exploratory voyage.
Both Titanic & Titan’s Captains heeded warnings so that’s why they are wrecks both side by side at the bottom of the sea.
Well litigated. Any plaintiffs filing a class action can now copy and paste everything from this video into their case verbatim, instead of using ChatGPT.
anyone who went down in that submersible new the risks and for families to sue for damages is ridiculous and petty.   They clearly accepted the risk and it’s documented by paying ocean gate large sums of money.  Ambulance chasing Lawyers are scum. IMO😊
i hope it manages to get to court, and whoever presides takes that waiver and wipes their ass with it. the ceo was so intimately familiar with every single law and regulation that could bite him in the ass that he knew how to bypass *everything*. limiting it to 5 passengers, at the same time never once calling them passengers, with seats not purchased as tickets, but with donations, and the people on board referred to as "mission specialists" or whatever. he never made an uninformed decision, he just did not care and wanted to show he could do it better than "the industry". he takes a dump on the laws of several countries but then expects the judicial systems to protect his company? lmao nah
OceanGate’s CEO need to be made into a new meme featuring his blog post. “Believes that regulation crushes innovation.” “Is crushed by own unregulated innovation.”  Petty?  Yes.  Deserved?  Also yes.
Didn't anyone think that naming the sub ``Titan`` might not have been too much for fate to ignore ??
There’s a point also worth mentioning which is that French criminal is extra-territorial, meaning that the family members of the French expert who died on the sub, or a French prosecutor, could seek to open criminal proceedings against the company and its representatives for manslaughter.
It's BioShock come to life in its Ayn Randian hubris.
Who could have seen this lawsuit coming?
With safety record like that, I'm surprised criminal charges aren't on the list.
I do think that there was a lot of negligence going into this accident and it should therefore have never happened. then again, considering these are literal millionaires who paid a quarter million to go into a small vessel under water, I really don’t care whether they are able to sue or not. it’s not like they need the money anyway.
Would other submersibles also have similar lawyer speak.
Typical lawyer BS, you guys just want to twist the rules for personal financial f=gain. Typical ambulance chasers and scumbags.
Yet another video with nothing but a bunch of speculation and rehashing of what we already know.
2:00 if the waver said that "these risks are unavoidable" that should be enough to void the whole thing since it's clearly a blatant lie
It’s unsettling the level of risk that these passengers got into without understanding the inside details
I'm annoyed by how much everyone focuses on the "video game controller." The US MILITARY uses those, too! I mean, they aren't like $20 off the shelf ones, they're customized... but c'mon. That's really not the thing to focus on. If the controller was the ONLY issue, they either all would've survived, or at least when the controller failed, the whole sub and their intact bodies could've been found. It really wasn't much of a safety issue, especially since they supposedly DID have an emergency surfacing capability.
Stockton Rush seems like a horrible guy. I hope he gets what he deserves for all this manipulation and shady business and engineering practices, putting people's lives in danger.  Oh wait...
Im not sure why this video avoided mentioning that Stockton Rush, the CEO of OceanGate was aboard the vessel and died along with its passengers. Many of the concerns industry experts had with the Titan submersible were dismissed by Stockton himself, and it was his negligence that led to the disaster.
If they need to sue in Bahamas, where the official flagship of OceanGate was located, it would make sense that the families would hire local lawyers. Being an island-state, probably there will be specialist attorneys which can deal with high sea incidents and crimes.
They have been criminally negligent. Murderously so, arguably.  Here's hoping for some accountability.
The fact this guy wanted to be a pilot/astronaut. The guy was doomed from the start of his ambitions if he couldn't comply with basic submersible safety regulations, it may sound grim but Rush was going to kill someone eventually.
"OceanGate is getting majorly sued"  Oh no. Anyways...
Sued??? Why??? They sign a contract that says what could happen…. 🤔 there is even a video showing someone signing it and reading it…
stupid question maybe, but shouldn't the waiver become void altogether since it was signed under false pretenses (the company claiming perfect safety while being told to stop drowning people from literally all experts)?
I wouldn’t be surprised if Rush’s waivers were comprised of copied and pasted parts of other waivers that he had his legal team stitch together.
Surely the fact it failed numerous safety checks is a good enough lawsuit
Why would anyone sign that waiver???
This is SO, SO, SO expected it shouldn't even be news.
even when I'm playing video games I use a wired controller, my man had a death wish
I love this dude but for some reason, his face does not match his voice.  I don't know, lmao
"Crew Member" status implications were overlooked. I suggest reviewing your legal analysis to account for this much talked about deception and its implications as it is a current legal abyss.  Maybe due to the complexities of this topic, it was purposefully omitted or maybe this was a quick promo video, sans any review.   This is not a prosecution memo but a limited review of the legal situational prospects. Please address all the relevant issues by including the status of the payors et. al. being camouflaged as "Crew Members" and not to be reported as "customers, passengers, or tourists".
Have they found any useful evidence in the remains? Pieces of metal, carbon fiber, or the porthole embedded in flesh?
Anyone with only a basic understanding of how carbon-fiber-based composites work would have seen this coming. So sad.
Someone should just drop a depth charge on the damn Titanic and call it a day
Can a surviving family member sue the shipping company immediately upon hearing of the accident, thereby pre-empting the pre-emption of the company filing the Limitation of Liability claim? It seems callous for a family member to have to worry about litigious speed in order to receive justice via compensation, but that's the way the law appears.
The guidiance with the controller is completely normal, they are even used on military subs as the young sailors are used to them...
I know judging people by their looks is questionable but I've never seen someone look less trustworthy than Rush.
Karma came for Stockton hard
It is, "If it had gone ahead," not "If it went ahead."  A common grammatical mistake.
Why again are we talking about Montana when the accident happened in the Atlantic ocean??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
4:22 I see what you did there.
RIP Ocean Gate company I see they took all there videos and pictures off social media
His Ego certainly overtook all common sense and science 😳
I came across a video on here where Rush actually states “at some point safety is just a pure waste.” I kid you not. He really was an arrogant, overconfident imbecile who in his arrogance took four others with him. Sadly one of them was a young 19 year old man with his whole life ahead of him.
Annoyingly, AFAIK, Rush wasn't technically lying when he said the sub was safer than a helicopter or crossing the street, because up until recently, no one had died in it. So statistically, he was technically correct?
I have no reason to pity the kind of dead whose arrogance knew no bounds in life. For me, the only tragedy here is the kid's death.
The lawyers have certainly done well in making the law so opaque that the only ones who can clarify all these murky matters… the lawyers.
Can they at least get reimbursement for a service not completed? Thats 250k per person…
The math and science skills with "brilliant" was a genious burn💀💀
yep even a hack like you could win this one.
The otherworldly stupidity needed to go that deep underwater locked in a bean tin with a plexiglass window & a PS4 controller, all sat round a porta toilet is off the scales.. of judgment ⚖🧻
This man was driven by Greed and he took a risk. He was a fool and thought he knew better. Its amazing that it got passed somehow.
First clip of Stockton was edited to make it seem like he agreed it was macguivered in the original unedited clip he disagrees with that accusation
Real Engineering clip was about carbon fiber parts not the window. Your cut made it sound a bit like it was about the window cracking :D
Unfortunately they will not get as much as they hope to.  This company's only business is submersible tourism.  They are now officially out of business.  A company's value includes it's tangible assets such as real estate and equipment, cash on hand (bank accounts, petty cash etc. and by law payroll comes first) and the biggest portion of it's value is based on the company being a going concern.  An example of what I am talking about is say a business has $100,000 in equipment but has $1,000,000 in annual revenue with $250,000 of that being it's profit.  Typically though not always, one would multiply the profit by 10 to get a company's saleable value, what it's stock would be worth.  In this example, the company is worth about $2,500,000.  But the moment a company goes out of business then the tangible assets constitute it's only actual value or assets.  So in this example, that $2,500,000 company is now worth $100,000.  Of course some company's have other things that may contribute value for example a customer list.  If the above business is a landscaping business and it's equipment is a few used trucks, trailers, lawn mowers and other tools and equipment and everything else is rented then you can auction off the equipment and then try to sell the customer list.  But in the case of this submersible business there would be no customer list.  I have no idea of the value of all the equipment but any that custom made specialized for this business will be worth very little other than as scrap.  Most particularly surviving submersible(s).  Absolutely no one will every trust anything made by this company as safe so basically all one can do now is force the auction of equipment.  There is a ship and manufacturing equipment.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the business was worth perhaps $50,000,000 before all this happened and today is probably worth closer to about $10,000,000 and probably half of that is in the ship.  Of course I don't know how much of that is borrowed.  If they owed say $20,000,000 to a bank then the company would, after a lawsuit, likely declare bankruptcy and all the creditors, including winning plaintiffs would have to get in line.   I don't know who gets priority for the liquidation of assets other than there simply won't be enough to go around and I predict that at best plaintiffs will in the end get no more than about 5 cents on the dollar for any lawsuit assuming each plaintiff limits themselves to just a few million each.   As far as the owner being a billionaire is concerned (I don't know that he is but have heard some reports saying he was), if this company was set up correctly, his heirs won't be touched other than this one company being decimated.  Though, it is also possible that his estate could be sued and that could affect his heirs.
It would be really interesting to find out what Bahamian law allows in terms of waivers and it wouldn't surprise me if the waiver didn't work at all. As you mentioned, Bahamian law is based on UK law, but also its final court of appeal is the UK Supreme Court, sitting as the Privy Council (and I know how colonial that is, not justifying it, just pointing it out). The UK courts are unsympathetic to these types of waivers, mostly because for nearly fifty years we have had statute that invalidates waivers for death of personal injury due to any level of negligence (s2 of Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977), so the waiver would be irrelevant in the UK, and the same might well be true in the Bahamas.
The Oceangate submarine feels like a corporation made a submarine MythBusters style.
Sending people into 6000 psi water in a carbon fiber tube should be classified as gross negligence. He had people from all over the world yelling at him to stop this madness for years. It wasn't a reasonable thing to do.
OMG! The toxic masculinity... I know better than 1000 other people. And he said it with a straight face.
I think there is a disservice to the Titanic here. It had more safety regulations than required at the time and the 'design flaw' (it was not considered one at the time) that allowed water to go into different compartments was intentional to distribute the weight of the water. It sank because it was designed to make sure even if 3 compartments are compromised, the Titanic would float. But the damage was to 4 compartments. In comparison, the Titan was actually badly constructed and it was agreed that it was badly constructed by industry professionals.
I don’t think rush has any money or insurance, just a guess
So let me get this right! A bunch of millioners go and get killed (they knew they might) now they want to sue for even more money!!!! I think they blood sucking lawyers are more interested in this!!!!!!!!
Someone on that sub had life insurance. If an insurance company needs to extract money, then it will add another layer.
This entire situation illustrates Libertarianism in action.
Legal action, FWVLIW:  -The Titan was so riddled with design and operational flaws I am frankly amazed tragedy didn't strike on it's first outing. Hindsight not required! On the other hand: -What of personal responsibility? I find this trend to ascribe blame and seek legal redress for one's own bad luck or stupidity deeply distasteful.
First we had Watergate now we have Oceangate! What’s next Rivergate?!
If it was so obviously dangerous, why were there so many customers?
It's like you go bungee jumping and the company you pay $250,000 uses a cord made out of bubblegum because it's cheaper. And the cord is too long for the location they have it setup at. And they refuse to get the rope inspected by people whose job is to make sure bungee cords are safe. And they fire all their jump experts when the experts say the jump isn't safe. That liability waiver they made you sign starts to look a lot like fraud.
I know this is the 12 year old child in me, wanting for the world to be right... but all I get from your videos is that law is disgusting. I realize that lie is complicated and requires complicated laws, but so much of it is a farce. Twisted, manipulative and just gross.   I don't care about the passengers who died at all either way. Didn't know them, can't relate to them, can't understand voluntarily being trapped inside a vessel on the surface let alone under the water... However, it is quite clearly documented that the company ignored many industry experts and refused to have industry standard testing done before or after warnings and concerns from the experts.   The fact that the waiver says that the craft was not tested or certified is acknowledging negligence ... perhaps not  as defined by law, because law is gross, but as defined by the actual literal meaning of the words.   On a totally separate note. I believe that we are all "forced" to sign release forms and waivers so often that they no longer mean anything to anyone ... except lawyers and court systems. It's the boy who cried wolf on a massive scale. Every single item you buy, every program you use and every activity you participated in had something you have to agree to that takes a lawyer to explain. I have maybe twice in my life been told to actually read a waiver before signing, and in many cases, the person asking you to sign will give a summary of what you are signing as if to say "don't bother reading it, this is what it says". I get why these things exist, but I also know that no reasonable person thinks that our society could actually function if everyone actually read and understood these things before agreeing to the terms... I'd still be reading the terms of my iPhone 3GS .
5:20 he or his team just didn't do enough research. That sudden failure referenced by real engineering was regarding the carbon fiber. The graph included even shows  "stress strain curve carbon fiber-reinforced plastic".
Not a lawyer, but you missed one point in the legal analysis that will matter because OceanGate is based in Everett, Washington. When you talked about the wavers the people signed, you missed a small detail. OceanGate did not consider them paying passengers, but Mission Specialists who paid to on the crew. Our AG is very aggressive in going after both consumer fraud cases, as well as worker liability cases. Oh, and it will be in Seattle's Federal Court house that OceanGate will be seeking bankruptcy protection in.
The company even had a 'gate' at the end of its name. You know, like Watergate, and other scandals since then. Just a minor observation on the name of that company, OceanGate.
Legal Eagle: Who could have foresaw the unseen danger of a sub?  Me: It has titan in the name and it involves water, I wouldn't go near it even if they pay me more then what's Amazon is worth.
Stockton Smush. Stockton Mush.
Sounds for le like one mans greed has killed 5 people plus himself. 🤦🏻‍♂️  Here is a visual example.  250.000x5=  1.250.000$ for a day of work. Thats all this "Captain" saw before he went down with his ship.
This is shit....  It was rich ppl playing stupid games and got punched in their dumb faces and got what they deserved. They all knew the risks, they knew it was basically a toy being controlled by a xbox controller and they all still signed. Seems that contract covers it all. Says a few times "YOU COULD DIE"  If they sue and win it's just bc they already have money and well the rich will get richer while the poor starve. I wonder why I wont ever have to worry about sinking to the bottom of the ocean Titanic sight seeing? I'll give anybody one guess....  Sucks for the kid but your stupid father got you both killed. I'm sure they will sue and they will win more millions. Maybe next time they can scuba dive in the worlds largest hottest most volatile volcano in nothing but the Lava proof panties I'm going to invent in the 2 free hours I have later between jobs. I mean what could go wrong?
Three points that should have and probably did alarm people. First was that Stockton Rush pointed out that deep sea exploration had an extremely good safety record while also criticising its lack of innovation. Second was his own refusal to really pay attention to that engineering norms, meanwhile seeming to think that the historical safety record of deep sea exploration would just be magically confired onto his own submersible. Third, was his response to criticism as taking it as "a serious personal insult" and not, you know, just a wake up call to the realities of engineering and physics.
Mother nature taught a lesson - I cherish the ones who respects me with common sense, not ones who gloats their money and foolishness towards me
Gross Negligence 100%
A core tenet of billionaire culture is cutting corners to save money. If something goes wrong you pay your fee as a cost of doing business. Like all those train derailings. I guess some billionaires kind of lose the plot when they're cutting their own safety corners.
He sounds like Ben Shapiro too. But at least Ben isn't trying to take people down to crush depths.
yeh this guy cut corners and as a result they all died shotty engineering and not doing this properly and clearly ignoring what u should never ever do he ignored u do not make a sub out of carbon it's not safe and cannot handle the water pressure and as a result sub imploded Rip all those people and prayers with there families. Anytime u take a risk u know could be fatal your playing with fire and it's not forgiving.
It sounds an absolute jurisdictional nightmare. I presume the legal system in the Bahamas must be having kittens thinking of how much time we can after schedule to hear this case. Lawyers in the Bahamas are going to be thinking it’s their birthday. It wouldn’t surprise me at all to see lawsuits filed in the US in the state of Washington, and also in the Canadian courts. Given how wealthy Summerleaze passengers were money isn’t an issue and they’re Estates will want that day in court. Be it in Canada, the United States or the Bahamas. This will ramble on for years.  It is a lose lose situation
I think people must have the right to do things that are crazy and dangerous (to themselves, not others). But marketing and selling that crazy danger to other people... that's a different ball game.
Famous last were'ds:  "what could possibly go wrong" ?
I don't understand why they didnt just build a legitimately safe submersible (like a bigger version of what James Cameron has used), while yes it would be more expensive, your charging $250,000 per person...I dont forsee it taking very long before you make the money back.
This is to other submersibles what Frankenstein's monster is to IVF. That's a more accurate comparison 0:24
I can't believe a company with a name like Ocean Gate could be so shady.
Well researched, it obviously took a lot of time/work.
This was a truly staggering level of incompetence. They literally made a sub out of expired carbon fibre they bought from boeing, and off the shelf electronics. And then they repaired damaged carbon fibre with duct tape and/or zipties. Obviously the CEO is the one most at fault but frankly the oassangers should also have known better. You do not need to be an engineer to know "expiremental carbon fibre sub that hasn't been certified or safety tested" is an unacceptable risk
Yea...Maverick might be cool in TopGun but you wouldnt want a guy like that building a sub for you.
I would be shocked if OceanGate disclosed that the Plexiglas port hole was only rated to 1,300 meters but that they would be going down to 4,000 meters way beyond its safety limit.  That to me is gross negligence.
It's not a PlayStation controller,  it's a 30 dollar PC controller, Logitech F710
I check uk contact law. Duty of care
It's fascinating how a ton of Youtube experts on law, engineering and medical science are all banding together to expose OceanGate
Am I right in thinking it’s not a PlayStation Controller? Might want to research that before landing yourself in some legal hot water.
Lawers are like vultures. To them is all about money. Hate them.
I want to get in on these lawsuits too. Ever since I first heard about the fate of five missing millionaires my sides have been aching from laughter. I hope I can get Oceangate to reimburse my medical costs.
Trying to be cost-cutting on something like this is about as negligent as trying to be cost-cutting in an open heart surgery plus brain operation.
I want to start by saying that I do not wish pain or death upon anyone. That being said, I hope that leading up to the implosion, or even during, that Rush realized what was happening and stopped being so smug about his “innovations.” I hope he had a moment of realization that all the money he saved by using bad materials and not getting his submersible approved by experts was for nothing because he would die before he would ever get to use it.  I know the implosion was instantaneous so it didn’t happen, but I can dream.
This case is as interesting as it is tragic.
he died with his ego
Stockton Rush was an effing idiot.
I’m remember more sound engineering principles and safety precautions taken for a barrel to go over Niagara Falls. SMH
Do I hear the sound of an ambulance siren in the background?
The sheer hubris of this stunt continues to be staggering.  OceanGate should liquidate its assets and settle out of court. No continuing now.
Oceangate gate.
I am angry about one thing though.  That the CEO died with them. He didn't deserve such an easy way out. He should've stayed outside, watch it all in horror and be piled on and see everything crumble in front of his eyes. That is punishment. Not a quick death.
4:44 Destiny 2 reference.
This company deserves to be sued to oblivion and shut down on the spot. This incident will forever taint their reputation
If the waiver holds then they will declare bankruptcy & get out of having to pay up.
I wonder if Rush signed a waiver when he bought that carbon fiber...
but the injured party is presumably the family in this case, and the families didnt sign anything , the deceased did. how does that change it?
BUUUT: "I Like money" - Idiocracy.
"Give me $250,000 and I'll put you in this POS, you might die. Sign this so I can't get sued"  Signature required _____________
Lawyers are the greediest of them all.
Doesn’t the wreck technically belong to the United Kingdom?
Why haven't you looked up how Bahamian law handles waivers? It's a bit pointless to bring up all these examples under US jurisdiction.
Deep sea diving isn't a hobby or business where you can cut corners. It's the most extreme environment men can explore only matched by space. Not to have multiple safety nets in using a PS controller is mental.
Fun fact: At $250,000 a ticket these adventures were still sold at a loss.
I think the biggest factor here is that one of the victims was a billionaire. His estate is going to have a *loooooooot* of resources to pursue legal action here.
It would have been one thing if only the creator of the sub died. However, innocent lives were unfortunately lost that day. That isn't to say that the creator alone dying would have been alright. Not in a million years would it be ok. But at least, if it was just him then he would have died by his own ignorance and not brought anyone down with him.
Sorry to focus on such a small detail, but your tie is beautiful today!
In short, millionaire said it was safe, so safety admin goes dormant, and people dies. All fine, they said they wont sue if they are dead 😅 so usefull governement agencies, stealing 8B$ each year to say "civil matter' 🤢
At least millionaires died, just shows there is always a silver lining in every tragedy.
Surprised this didn't happen sooner. The deep oceans are no place for amateurs.
C'mon man...the lawyers are going to be fighting over scraps, tiny little scraps...
"All 3 rides" huh. He went on it three times.
I thought this dude was the actor from deadpool for a few seconds.
I think suing OceanGate will depend on its assets and whether you can hold Rush's estate liable for Rush's actions.
I hope oceangate gets sued so hard. Not cause I think the victims families need the money but I feel like this would be an important precedent.
You would be an idiot if you signed that waiver after reading it. Well, people with money have less sense than those without.  That idiot Rushton's company should be sued out of existence and their management staff sent to prison, knowing this was an accident waiting to happen.
I feel bad for the 19 year old who was terrified 😨 of getting into the sub, but his father forced him to get in.
There is a greater than zero number of billionaires on this planet because of this accident - so for this fact alone, I would say everything on this dive balanced itself out. Mr. Rush, you did humanity a favour by bringing these people down to the depths. America thanks you
Ah the capitalist folly, profit over safety.
Now do Pfizer....
Maybe I just missed this but is it so that the Owners can invoke the limitations under the Limitation Act even though they have acted gross negligently? Great content!
They're gonna be fine. Obviously.
look guys, this is just another form of natural selection. a lot of people made a lot of dangerous choices looking to push the envelope and they, and the fools who chose to trust them, paid with their lives.
Just a shot in the dark, but if OceanGate gets off free, what's to stop me from throwing some garbage together & calling it shark armor then scamming people into using it.
Dude sounds like the FTX guy
I'm no engineer, but that whole "such risks cannot be eliminated" followed by like three actual possible risks that can be eliminated.  Loos of footing? You can't even stand inside the damn thing.  Slips and falls on deck? Anti-slip material exists. A bathroom mat secured to the floor can work.  Harm from falling objects on non-passenger vessels? That's what safety and integrity checks are for.  The more I hear about this case the more my face is flattened by my palm and my phone goes flat from my sighing killing the energy of the room.
im sorry but the ad transition floored me 😭
its ironic that its named oceangate. (like watergate or pizzagate) because all of this crazy stuff
All of OceanGate seems like an exercise in blatant intellectualism. Why would so many voluntarily go on an obviously faulty submarine? Why believe the marketing hype? There were some clearly smart people on some of the non-failed expeditions. Are people really so desperate to see the Titanic that they would fall for something like this?
lol if those men were poor nobody would give a flying sh!t  yall are brainwashed lol
Well, it was definitely not seaworthy. So DOSA could apply.
I have so many questions, but mainly, where do you buy your ties from?
Rich people suing Rich people in order to get more money? Oh gee whiz, this is definitely going to change my life!
submersible doesn't have a V in it...
Passengers: This could be dangerous? Stockton Rush: Nah. We gotta see it through, my boi. FLOOR IT!!
"they joined the exclusive club they were so fascinated with" damn Devin
6:03 the worst part was that it was  a third party game controller
The discussion of "so much regulation" good then "so much regulation"= BAD is such a REPUBLICAN, rich person kind of world view. "Innovation  and deregulation allows to make a 'product' better simultaneously as Deregulation and innovation allows to make a product shoddy and dangerous.
Hey LegalEagle!  There was a recent ruling which argued that no limitation on guns can be put into place unless the limitation was used in the late 1700s.  Wouldn’t this also imply that the second amendment would only apply to the weapons that existed in the 1700s?
Death and injury wavers are common in climbing and bouldering centres so it's highly unlikely a layman would understand the actual risks involved in something like this and would simply assume that they were the typical corporate jargon that you often see in anything remotely adventurous.
The way you said: "And the man immediatley drowned upon entering water." made me laugh way too much...
Imagine how frustrating it must have been for those experts who knew the glaring issues and danger that was present but could do NOTHING aside from writing a strongly worded letter with suggestions and advice. It truly astounds me that there isn't some sort of enforced regulations. There seems like there should be more attempts made at prevention in the legal system that can intervene BEFORE a tragedy.
Damn, you trying to get to the bottom of this situation.
This is gross negligence to the highest degree.  All hidden behind a charade of “innovation”.  Stockton’s arrogance and complete ignorance of deep sea exploration principles got them killed.  Anything that is being commercially used should absolutely be held to current industry standards before leaving any US or Canadian based ports.  The absolute negligence is disgusting to me.  4 people were tricked into believing that this craft was far superior to industry standards - and the company as a whole need to be held responsible.  Any PE that signed off in this, if any, should be immediately stripped of their license - and held personally responsible and personally liable for damages.  This isn’t going to bring anyone back to life - it does however set a precedent.    Stockton knew damn well how his sub would perform under any scrutiny from any of the leading submersible craft groups.  I’m honestly so incredibly surprised that he’d even step into it himself.
They are NOT getting sued, they covered all bases in their waiver. Experimental vessel term was used a lot, they are subjected to fail gross negligence or not.
Stockton Rush is a good example of how being a billionaire doesn't make you smart. The hubris is astonishing lol.
5:31 the acoustic monitoring device was was the hull of the ship not the window. Correct me if im wrong The carbon fibre composite would collapse nearly instantaneously due to the way these composites fail
Good
John Krazinski looks like he’s been on a 10 day bender
Have to wonder what they would be suing for. The business would be absolutely worthless.
They were running on BLUETOOTH... I don't even trust a bluetooth MOUSE for gaming how do these people EXIST
Not all the people wanted to, one just wanted to spend father's day with his dad
It's good to see that Don Draper got out of the ad business.
how did oceangate procure the carbon fiber  from Boeing . the carbon fiber could not get certified for Air Plane use  Oceangate got it
Have you noticed that McCallum say “to Titanic”. This is because it is a Proper noun. James Cameron has also continuously tried to educate people about the continued incorrect statements such as “ to the Titanic”. The “the” is not required.
I think the funniest take I saw after all this was someone saying something like "Yeah sure, noted submarine expert James Cameron" without knowing anything about the guy and his passion for ocean exploration.
Why does he keep saying "submersivle"?
oceangate is liable for reckless imprudence resulting to multiple homicide. the govt regulatory or legislative agency is liable for allowing it to operate without public safety features & for not able to pass laws to regulate such industry  bldg or operating subs.
Interesting
The irony is off the charts
There needs to be a mandatory testing with no loopholes. No more getting around the Law it’s time for a change and put any company down hard and have them take full responsibility and pay the price they could have prevented but allowed to happen. And that 1851 act needs to be disbanded. It’s an out dated law that doesn’t belong into the modern day.
yeah, that definitely tracks...
Why does this guy keep pronouncing it “submersivuls”
Businesses that do risky stuff spring the waivers on me at the last second. They get you into a position where they know that you've already made the commitment and traveled out there & not signing the waiver means you've wasted money and cant cancel & get the money back because its less than the 24 hours before the scheduled time. There should be some kind of laws that the tour company has to show the waiver before you pay them for the experience.
oceangate the new watergate. no pun inteneded
NO MATTER WHAT IT IS, MONEY IS ALWAYS THE BOTTOM LINE ! LIVES DONT MATTER !!
The failure of personnel responsibility is truly amazing at its truest meaning of that word.
*I'm wondering if YOU can be sued for having such a cartoonish Johny Bravo hair style. **_I'm thinking maybe class action here_** ...*
Moral of the story, if you could die real easily if something just goes a little wrong and all kind of experts are telling you that you are going to kill someone.. don't cut cost and don't be cheap
Listen if i pay $250000 to go see the Titanic in a Midget submarine that was handbuilt then i sign a paper to say i wont sue if thing's go wrong i deserve the outcome
Company seems to been real life version of a monty python show.   Still seems they will be open to getting sued but I am sure the company by now is worthless and what if anything will people get if they did sue them?
With the company's submersible and CEO gone, is there anything left suing for?
Can Oceangate be saved you say,   SHOULD IT BE??!!  Its founder was an idiot millionaire, who thought he could ignore harsh realities of deep water exploration just by sheer will and being "cool" to defy standard safety standards.   Should this company continue to offer the same thing to wealthy patrons with this disaster in their history?!    I think they should invest in something else and everyone stay away from the Titanic, its a death ship!
My real question is: Can Ocean Gate sell the movie rights of this catastrophe and how much will Disney pay for it? And how much time has to pass, before you can make that disaster movie? Will James Cameron still be around by then?
I still feel ill just at the thought of being locked in that thing.
You speak incredibly fast. Slow. It. Down.
Law 101
I mean I understand sueing if a poor hard working man died and left behind 3 kids and a stay at home wife. That family NEEDS the money. But some rich jerk? Why
Titan was the SV Seeker of Subs.
“Who could have seen the submersible going wrong? Lawyers.” No, Engineers. (And anybody else with common sense, lol)
This tragedy has exonerated the guy who was fired and everyone who tried to bring light to what Oceangate was doing wrong.
Their web page and Instagram were recently still open and offering tours but they are both now currently closed. Ocean gate account on Instagram is now private and the site says it has suspended all operations and explorations. I think they finally realized the seriousness of the situation.
I wonder if OceanGate has enough assets left to make the lawsuit worth the effort.
Why didn’t they just have a clause that warned about the possibility of sudden death.
It's awkward because I'm not even sure that the jurisdiction clause in the waiver is binding. I think if a court in the US found that it had jurisdiction...I'm not sure that the waiver could do anything about that and/or the company could do anything about that.
This seems like something you may be doing a follow-up video on in a few months, or maybe more than one follow-up, depending on how many and how complicate the lawsuits get.
...cause the billionaires need more money.
The company's already out of existence though, who's going to get sued?
It's a shame Rush didn't get sued while alive, and spend years in jail for misrepresenting safety in a commercial venture.
Why is it when you win a civil  case the people that owe the money file for bankruptcy and pay nothing...?
I am telling you now the paper they sign doesn’t mean anything I am a airboat captain and the company I worked for had wavers saying if you wreck or get hurt or die you can’t sue us it didn’t stop any law suit the company got sued at least 50 times the airboats run in super tight trails and there’s 60 boats were there should be 10 I seen at least 20 wrecks when I worked there everyone sued and won the company will hire anyone with a captains license and if you haven’t drove an airboat for years it’s not as easy as you think
How the eff does a sub get hit by lightening.
I said it once in the comments and I'm gonna say it again.  Regardless of the contract they signed, Oceangate will get sued and Oceangate will go out of business. Their contract is Void because they knew it was going to happen. Their Lawyer ain't gonna save OceanGate.
this sounds the perfect example of gross negligence
Thanks for more legal analysis! Cant wait for more content from this channel!
Firing someone over safety should be enough proof.
You know what would be cool if you actually had any legal precedents you cited about Bahamian law or if you talked about the death on the high seas act which is the actual governing statute at play here and will preempt state law.
When traveling to the deep-sea, much like when going outer space, you do it right or you die.
I look at a plane's and sub's complex control systems with a million buttons and feel a lot more safe than literally removing everything for a few buttons. Like no redundancy or troubleshooting whatsoever
didn't this dude proudly state they were lost for five hours years prior, and then just as proudly state they changed nothing?
Comparing with skydiving is a little unfair. Historically skydiving has a pretty good record, you're more at risk driving to the drop zone than getting out of the plane.
i still think the craziest part of the whole thing was how the outer end caps were GLUED to the carbon fiber hull...
I tinker with building guitars, and through that I know a little about stress in materials,but I am not a professional anything,but I can read..when I read up on this after first seeing it a while back my first thought was "they are all going to die horribly" and they did..Oceangate should be shut down and every person involved put through the wringer .
Is "majorly" a word?
I have no idea how that waiver can be legal. If it holds up, that is just bonkers.
If this isn’t gross negligence, I don’t know what is.
YES! I was going to ask you to make this video on twitter! You already DID!!!
hhahaha "tip of the iceberg"
I really wish the guy who designed this thing had been the one to go down in it not the people who just wanted to see the titanic
Why did they use carbon fiber? What was the point?
Well at least they named themselves appropriately 😄
Ocean Gate should never have existed from the start.
An exception to an exception. A donut hole in a donut's hole...
Surely it's relevant that Stockton Rush went on the expedition himself? Isn't that evidence that he believed it to be safe?
You said that they could try to sue in their own countries there were only two actual passengers who paid the others work for the company or was that dumb titanic guy
Must be surreal to watch the view count go up in millions 😮
Rich person wanted to cut cost?
You didn't read the transcript
They all signed a waiver and knew that this deathtrap was built by someone who doesn’t know how to build a submersible safely. I honestly can’t see anyone getting anything from this considering the person who’s at fault is dead at the bottom of the sea with the rest of the passengers
All of the after the fact engineering and business advice that I've been seeing doesn't seem to be taking into account that they'd made at least 10 successful trips to the wreckage prior to this trip and had done dozens of test dives. By all accounts many of the other planned trips had been cancelled for who knows what reason and they had a pretty low success rate for trips to the actual Titanic, but it seems like the presence for 50+ successful dives would make it pretty difficult to win a negligence case.
You can just look at the junk and know that it's extremely dangerous you have to be the stupidest people on earth get in it
“Tip of the iceberg” I see what you did there. 😎👌
I hope the waiver holds up. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
He'd be crushed if he could see that his company was being sued...
I made my neighbor cry when i explained to him that yes they died very quickly but they would have known for a very long time something wasn't right then they got liquefied
from what i understood, oceangate (and most definitely their CEO) is 100% liable, multiple acts of disregarding the advice by experts, not to mention the misleading advertising, the shady classification and filing of fee's and passengers, and last but not least the disregard of industry standards and regulations. all together they make a strong lawsuit against oceangate for gross negligence at the very least, perhaps even criminal negligence
What a surprise, a company whose name ends in “gate” being shrouded in controversy
Sorry, was this supposed to be it’s first trip? I’ve missed that anywhere.
Here's a question - People are making the point that because this is international waters there's no regulatory body to catch this. However. Since the wreck of RMS Titanic is in fact owned by a company - Premier Exhibitions Inc based in Atlanta, Georgia, USA - wouldnt that give the USA grounds to enact regulatory movement?
4:23 ''Just the tip...'' Always an ominous thing to hear... 🍆🍑🙈🙈🙈🙈
There is a HUGE difference between winning a case like this and actually collecting any damages awarded. The Plaintiffs should do extensive research on what assets would actually be available to meet a damages award in the event of winning the case. Otherwise, all they may achieve is a warm fuzzy feeling for being proven "right" in court and a huge bill for their own legal costs that can never be recovered. Seems to be a step lawyers promoting these types of cases conveniently leave out when advising well heeled clients / suckers that they sink their fangs into.
"Expose them to death"???!!! It's not a disease or virus, it's DEATH!! Seeing a dead body is being exposed to death.
"Who knew how right he was going to be"? A lot of engineers apparently. And they can prove it by all the letters they sent saying this was going to happen.
As a lawyer, I can also see that there was definitely an element of Negligence in the making of the titan submarine. It should have been calculated and built to withstand the pressure of the ocean
One look at that sub and no way could you pay me 250K to get on it.
Haha still funny that they all imploded!!!!1
they deserved it  once for their gullibility  and a billion times for their greed.  good riddance.
A big clue was how the CEO bought up “expired” carbon fibre sheeting for the module from Boeing, because as a commercial airline manufacturer, you must do due diligence when making aircraft.  It’s governed by many many rules.  The undersea world is different—another reason they went to the middle of the Atlantic instead within the territorial limits of any country, and this governed by their respective laws and statutes.  The luckiest thing was for Rush to die in this incident—and this avoided for himself personally litigation for years.
what i think is bonkers is that this type of equipment was allowed to dive without passing an external technical audit. Any issue found in the audit should be signed as having been read by any person who wants to use it
Oh yes I was wondering if you'd have anything to say regarding this tragic event , looking forward to hearing your take!
Why is it always people who compare themselves or their products to the likes of Steve Jobs and Apple products who scam or hurt people
Honestly I’m incredibly curious as to how thon exception for small passenger vessels was justified… I mean, it just comes across as frankly incredibly corrupt and dodgy without any further context, to target smaller vessels likely not belonging to wealthier companies in that way. Mind, maritime tort law is far from my speciality, so perhaps it’s just a lack of some sort of crucial context, but without any further information I can’t imagine a reasonable explanation.
Take stupid risks, expect things to go wrong… unfortunately the room for error doing something this dangerous is minuscule.
i dont think the people that cheaped out on 90% of the subs components are good enough with their money to be able to be sued for the amount of damages the council is likely seeking
Need to emphasize that the gamepad controller really isn't that big of a deal in terms of the design flaws of the sub. These gamepads have a lifespan of thousands of hours as I think any gamer will know, they're extremely reliable. And they're really easy to hook into on a hardware/software level. It's really just the hull itself that's to blame here.
I don't get why the law is so weak when it comes to international matters, is this US company with this US built sub offering services to the US subject to US regulations? I hope so!? Otherwise it kinda feels pointless to have these regulations and laws
It certainly does appear as if Stockton Rush was acting both carelessly and recklessly, so it will be interesting to see what the courts say.
Would anyone else like to see a breakdown of the Activision Blizzard merger with Microsoft? I know I would.
Dont think the exclusion clause will hold. I dont even think they couldve given their consent. As a lawyer in a common law jurisdiction (not bahamas) it is extremely difficult to exclude liability for personal injury and death. In this case. On top of that, when you have a highly specialised craft, its still hard to give consent even with proper explanation. Here he seemed as though he was straight up lying
Going circles 😐 was that controller known for stick drift 😅
Sue them for what, do they have any cash or anything ??  Their budget death sub, was built on the cheap, doubt they have anything worth sueing for.
This company is a good example of why you need government regulations for businesses. Some people do bad things to make money or cut costs, etc. Libertarians live in a fantasy world.
Oceangate, the scandal that named itself.
Frankly, if this company is going to be killing billionaires, I say give them funding
how do you sue a company thats president died in the accident? who pays for the damages, the presidents family? surely not the employees right?
"Obscenely safe" - someone got an oxymoron of the day calendar for Christmas.
The controller wasn’t a real PlayStation product. It was a Logitech knock off from 2005 that is well known to randomly disconnect and also had pairing issues.
All those people were super rich and now their families get to go after an owner/CEO who's dead, for a company that's going to go bankrupt from lack of income, whose primary asset is a broken wreck and remaining assets will be given over to creditors.  Except as a way to make lawyers rich the suit does nothing for anyone.  Well, I guess never ending court appearances can be used to traumatize the diversity hires, if you're the most petty bastard in the world.
No way that this waiver is effective. Hopefully the lawyers find a loophole
Wow am from  the bahamas 🇧🇸 🇧🇸🇧🇸🇧🇸
The kid that was on board was absolutely coerced into being on board.  Unfortunately, just not by OceanGate. 🙁
I doubt even with all the lawsuits and them winning, there would be anything of real tangible assets to get out of it anyway.  Most likely OceanGate will have to declare bankruptcy in the first place since their only "submarine" is in lots of pieces.
Can't believe he tried to justify not bringing in outside testing by comparing himself to Space X and Origin Blue. They still did their own in house testing BEFORE putting any passengers in. Space X blew up a few rockets in the process. Imagine if they just threw a bunch of passengers in on the first try.
They should never have used carbon fiber as a primary construction material. Carbon Fiber is very weak as far as compression forces are concerned.  They are good for tension but not compression. And engineers warned them about that. But the owner of Oceangate actually BRAGGED that he didn't listen to the engineers. That is so absurdly reckless.
if i learnt any thing from watching SGU its to not trust people called rush and real life has proven this right.
Who cares if Oceangate is sued? The CEO is dead and the total worth of the company is less than zero. No money is available, so suing is a total waste of time
I have something that may cause a laugh;  Is this Oceangate-gate?
SAW THAT COMING FOR SURE
Did it raise eyebrows with other industries?  I sure did, like these people are going to die eyebrows.
i love when rich people tear each other apart
🤔🤔🤔🤔 sounds like a typical landlord, especially in California
As much as I'm glad that the industry professionals were proven right and that this will hopefully close the legal loop holes, It just massively sucks that his gigantic ego had to kill other people too.
Am I the only one who questions who the hell thought it was a good idea to call a company "Ocean Gate"? Little similar to "Water Gate" isn't it?!?
Oh wow i knew they used a game controller but i did not know that it was a wireless system. Pro gamers don't trust wireless anything.
Willful and wanton conduct of the defendant is meticulously documented.  Gross negligence seems easily provable.
@21:35 this was not a "Domestic Passage". This is simply an action in Tort and Ocean Gate and Rush's Estate will be able to be sued. This happened in International waters. Nothing to do with the SPVA. It was not a domestic voyage.
What's grossly negligent is This "Professional" Calling it a "Sumersivle"  37 times... with a "V" , you can call me grammar police, but do your research ffs.
It definitely seems like gross negligence. Rush seems like an extremely corrupt person trying to make huge amounts of money with spending the correct amount to make it safe.   I hope his estate is liquidated for the victims of this accident.
''Who could've possibly foreseen something going wrong with the titan sub?'' Everyone in that field or with a passing knowledge of engineering
"Sever injury or death" 💀 bro under that high pressure there is no chance of injury like a bone breaking or smth that u could easily survive... If anything happens u r already dead without realizing
I am guessing that their assets plus insurance coverage adds up to right around zero.  Certainly not protected, but so what?
Meanwhile the passengers in this case have loaded families who didn't sign the releases. This company will be sued in every court that the victims can manage. And the waiver is toilet paper at this point.
4:19 - "and that's just the tip of the iceberg" - Nice word play.
I can't imagine that the sub was insured _at all,_ if it wasn't inspected by anyone.
Yeah, I think everyone expected for them to get "majorly" sued. No surprises here.
We have had advancements in knowledge,science ect . except for our judicial and law systems , you are all money hungry waists of space
If you were dumb enough to see that thing for what it is and still get in . LET ALONE pay 250.000 , then I don't know what to tell you, but bahahahahahha !!
Why the hell did that Simpsons writer go down MORE than once? Youd never get me on that death trap.
It's likely the victims signed a disclaimer.
He cut corners and was reckless. That's negligent.
In this case, the arguments of the OceanGate Company "don't hold water"....or do they?
In English Law you cannot disclaim for negligence. In this case Stockton Rush and Ocean Gate knew, or should have known they were putting people into mortal danger. Rush had been warned many times his vessel was prone to danger yet that was never conveyed to any passenger therefore, an uninformed passenger, not knowing the vessel was likely to fail and didn't know Rush was informed of that fact, and what Rush knew and never conveyed, can never give Rush and Ocean Gate a free pass. The Disclaimer therefore is a nonsense and wont be upheld. Rush's Estate and Ocean Gate  will be found liable and rightly so. He should be found guilty of Manslaughter.
$250,000 is a rip off to rent a caravan
Ah yes - the ol' iron coffins.
Why we need more restrictions on rich idiots
up to a few weeks ago I didn't hear anyone but Thunderfoot claiming any poor design or negligence on behalf of the Titan(though I didn't look too hard), now LegalEgale have multiple sources claiming an eerily similar fault of the Titan from Thunderfoot's video warning about those issues months prior to the incident. but it looks like it all depends on which legal system even gets the case to begin with... wow
I have heard a lot of armchair hindsight diving experts try to blame the passengers on the basis that they signed waivers that should have made it obvious that the dive was dangerous to the point of a death wish. But surely any dive like that would have a similar waiver, whether the vessel was up to code or not. A layperson would have no way to distinguish between acceptable risks and unacceptable risks. They would have no recourse but to trust Rush. He misled them. He knowingly gambled with their lives while assuring them they were safe.
4:22 - "...just the tip of the iceberg". Really? :)
Please use the word "crash" or "incident" in place of traffic "accident". It's more accurate and doesn't assume intent or lack thereof
Wow, just shows that most billionaires are very lucky…..not very smart?…how any sensible person would go in this death trap is bizarre
As a non lawyer I have never read a legal contract or waiver that was clear or unambiguous.
Yup 💯👍
Omg why?! What did they do wrong?!
Why this guy looks like Dallas from Payday 2?
It cracked me up to hear you refer to Logtitech as "Off Brand" playstation 3 controller x'D
The PR team did an exceptional job luring people to their death.. They fired someone over a safety concern. That’s gotta be gross negligence.
wait... IT WAS STRUCK BY LIGHTNING?! I have been following this story since the beginning and this is the first time I hear that IT WAS STRUCK BY LIGHTNING! By all accounts this thing was unsafe in every dive and made even unsafer every time it got under water... but on top of all that IT WAS TRUCK BY LIGHTINING?! People know what lightning is right?! It's fr from trivial... How are people not reporting this way more than about the video game controller, which is very trivial?
I really hope the company or the families who win will donate some of the money back to the governments (therefore the avg. taxpayer) dollars that when to search for and save these 5 (absurdly) rich people who got far media time and tax payer dollars spent on their search and rescue efforts than that of the ship with over 700 people who sunk in Greece around the same time...
It's hard for me to have any empathy for these people dumb enough to even go on this trip  . . And for Rush . .I hope you spend the rest of your life in prison
I would like to think that sinking, exploding, or imploding would be obvious signs of a vessel not being sea worthy!
Oceangate has nothing (He's dead & his trusts are well protected)  and I doubt any Insurance.
While it obviously was reckless, the fact that the owner of the company died himself means that he didn't believe it was. So, he wasn't purposely putting them in danger.  Common sense says that it was ridiculous that anyone believed this was safe. But the owner was under the delusion that it was. There was no malicious intent. It was just stupidity.
Can't we call him a murderer? So many told Stockton Rush that it was flawed, and he ignored or outright fired these people. He then tricked potential customers by making it seem like his sub was cutting edge.  His neglagence and lies lead to the people believing the sub was safe which led to their death. He knew what he was doing, why don't we just call him a murderer?
The waiver that mentioned death on 3 separate occasions,yeah that's getting thrown out.
This is literally a case of a billionaire, didn’t take safety into consideration, and died by his own hand
Stockton Rush. Why do rich people have the most extra names?
seems like a easy win against OceanGate.
Well at least they found out their tickets were one way.
Id like to urge McCallum that no single person has evidently uttered the phrase “She is unsinkable”. The only one who uttered such a line was overexaggerant news tabloids (even then was typical of Edwardian era, which is why such a boastful claim wasn’t seen as outlandish as it would today) and one instance of Captain EJ Smith when interviewed about the collision of HMS Hawke, who knows 0 about ship engineering.  The difference between the sub and Titanic is that the sub was not approved and didn’t meet safety standards that were tried and true. Olympic and Titanic however were (Titanic’s sinking unveiled a flaw in the design of the watertight bulkheads). Ironically, Oceangate was being even more negligent than Titanic was.
So ultimately there was no science involved, this was purely for tourism, but in a dodgy way. This explains the confusing attitude of the man.   I think we should take the idea he had about the materials and much more rigorously test it with actually trustworthy organizations.
Yes sue his dead body
And the remains still haven't been found, imagine that.
The oceangate company should not be allowed to make money for anyone it should be shut down for good
lol I would have asked for my money back while reading the waiver
The real question is there is enough money in the current company to justify the lawsuits.
I don't see the need for the waiver. You charged a quarter of a million dollars to these people and your piece of crap carbon garbage can sub failed. They died, you failed.
Legal Eagle seems to suggest there might be an avenue for wiggling out of blame here in international law if law governing "vessels" doesn't apply.  But what we would legally consider the sub, if  not a "vessel"?  What else could one possibly argue it is?  It carries people through the water with the goal of transporting them safely.  I can't really imagine, given where this all happened, that the sub won't be considered under international (law governing international waters).  Is there really any chance of arguing things otherwise?  If so, maybe a major battle will be about what to even legally consider this craft and which laws therefore apply to it.  That would be pretty morally outrageous.  Could that really be a line of defense in some way?
Oh... Oh no. lol Real Engineering is *not* a channel you want to use to give any sort of 'expert opinion'. Having him on is on par with an engineering channel having Lionel Hutz come on to give some legal insight. His videos are certainly well known within the engineering world. But, only as a joke. The guy gets some of the most fundamental things wrong. He's a 'real engineer' with a lot of air quotes and comically exaggerated winks. A bit like how Giuliani is a well respected lawyer.  I don't know how the YouTuber social circle works, but Grady from Practical Engineering is a legit engineer. Shane, the guy behind Stuff Made Here, is another actual engineer.
There has to be some legal precedence in this tragedy, where the company cannot get away with negligence, and quite a few others issues, otherwise, other companies may get out of being held liable!!!!! This was a horrible tragedy!!!!! ... 😢 I also think it is time to leave the Titanic tragedy in peace!!!!! It was a terrible idea to have tours go there!!!!!  It is starting to sound like some type of "cult"!!!!! ... 😢 It should have a huge "Keep Out" Sign!!!!!
Stockton Rush sounds like a name that Valve made up, like Cave Johnson or Saxton Hale. That seems like a good enough reason not to trust him.
Too bad the only person to be held accountable isn't even alive to see the damage he's caused. Now we're just suing the people around him who probably also questioned the safety but had to comply with Rush's ego.
if this isn't gross negligence then literally nothing is
Would those that died, other than the owner, have made the trip knowing about the concerns being expressed about the vessel's safety?
I wonder how many of these wannabe neo Wild West, Ironman, cowboy ceo types would still be singing their “regulations stifle innovation” if they had to go under the knife of a surgeon who was just like them. Oh sure I can cut you open and take out that tumour and at 1/2 the cost too, with my blu tooth powered butter knife scalpel.
There are some things that you can and others that you cannot McGuyver together. I don't mind the game controller nav. What I do mind though are the 1500m-rated port window in a ~4000m deep dive and carbon fiber tube that makes no sense in a compression environment when fiber is only good in tension. Mixing materials with different compressibility are also a problem: pictures from the recovered titanium bands show little to no glue left behind, which means the bands completely separated from the tube at some point. I wouldn't be surprised if titanium band adhesive separation started multiple dives earlier.
Is this officially oceangate-gate?
Definitely gross negligence but curious because the passengers did choose to go on the voyage.
Lol after seeing this liability waiver I feel even less sympathy. What morons to read that and be like, yah I'll sign this.
The segue to the sponsor was brutal.  Well deserved, but brutal.
Having studied the Titanic disaster for years, there are some errors in the video I must correct.  First, WSL never *billed* that or any ship as 'unsinkable'. The specific quote in one paper was from an unspecified representative who could have been any shipwright at Harland & Wolff or any sailor or secretary of the WSL. The phrasing was "as unsinkable as we know how to make it" which is very different. No sailor or shipbuilder would ever dare call a ship unsinkable. That's tempting the sea. Secondly the watertight bulkheads were an asset, not a flaw. They didn't close at the top because they didn't need to. They went higher than necessary for the amount of damage the ship could have otherwise survived. Even if they were sealed off the ship would still sink with the six forward compartments breached. When the RMS Titanic was afloat it was the largest ship in the world by a few tons and the only arguably safer ship was her sister Olympic, and only then because she was worn in and the crew had learned her quirks. If you were in 1912 and wanted to have a safe transatlantic crossing your best bet was the Olympic-class. These ships had cutting edge safety features and were built extremely well. Suing WSL for the sinking is not justified because the company did everything it could to build a good ship with the technology of the day, however suing them for their reaction to the sinking is absolutely justified. It's like suing New York City because the World Trade Center fell down or the Fukishima Nuclear Power company for that tsunami. The damage well exceeded reasonable expectations and nothing could have stopped it.
Good vid… but i cant help myself from saying that this guy looks like jim from the office.. only, older and a lawyer…. Just sayin cant unsee it ….
Maybe this will remind people of the costs of rapid innovation. Tragic that people have to die for people to remember why regulations are needed.
There's a reason why rush said in the waiver that any and all legal issues are handled by Bahama law's.. I guarantee he's  paid off their government and court system to always rule in their favour!! But the breaches of regulations and use of loopholes to avoid law's should be illegal and breach any and all contracts and the USA and Canada governments should pressure the Bahamas to transfer the legal issues to a country that has the most jurisdiction.
Late into the video we reach the tantalizing question that must have haunted Stockton: "is it possible to save the foam layers and do this just with carbon fiber?"   I think with different human actors involved in being more careful, the idea of the materials is still interesting but still has clearly not been solved. Obviously.
A lot of waivers also allow you to cancel and remove yourself from the agreement at any time. How is this possible once you start to desend? Is there an abort or are you at the whim of crazy Rush?
I'm so glad that the main designer and owner of the sub was aboard when this happened. Imagine how much of a monster he would be using all these laws to dodge responsibility right now if he was still alive. At least in the real world he went down with his ship.
So the expert submariner got fired for raising safey concern and pionting out the flaws, Then they even sued him ??  Will the guy at least get his money back now ?  As he was right?
Failure of the vessel (at 12000 feet below sea level) may cause “injury or death”??  Injury?
"evade" exactly...
They didn’t carry out basic safety checks, so in my eyes their guilty of negligence.
Implosion = Rushed human ketchup!
Its just like space tourism. Its a recipe for disaster when equipment is used like this with people on board that have no business being there otherwise. Just adds physical and mental weight. Too many chefs in the kitchen.
I don't think you needed to be a lawyer to look at the Titan Sub and realize its a disaster waiting to happen
I can't say I'm familiar with Bahamian law, but if it's based on British common law it's likely OceanGate are screwed. Because in countries that follow the British legal model, "liability waivers" generally _don't_ protect the issuer against a claim that they breached their duty of care, or failed to take _reasonable_ steps to ensure the safety of the participant that signed the waiver. This is definitely the case in the UK, Canada, and Australia... the situation is slightly more complex in New Zealand because of the way their accident compensation system works.
Why would anyone pay 250,000 USD for something that requires you to sign a waiver if anything bad happens to you for whatever stupid reasons is beyond me...
I think the biggest thing will be the fact that Oceangate tried to sell the Titan as being safe and following regulations, yet the Titan was never actually approved by the proper authorities...
OceanGate, sorry to say,  was not operating within  the boundaries of the law.   Stockton knew he was taking passengers down to 380 atmospheres in a vessel not  cleared to go down that deep. He knew about all the warnings he got from colleagues in the submersible community and from his own Director of Engineering (who he fired for simply doing his job).  And Stockton knew he had no real “partnership” with NASA or Boeing in the engineering of Titan, even though he kept name-dropping NASA and Boeing whenever in a televised interview talking about the design of Titan, as well as stating it on OceanGate’s  own promotional video on  its website.  Stockton knew the loud bangs coming from  the hull were due to the carbon fibers delaminating, yet completely chalked it up as being “very normal” for all submersibles when they dive deeper and deeper, telling would-be passengers “not to worry” when they hear the banging noises.  If this man did not commit criminal negligence (involuntary manslaughter), then I don’t know what would be considered criminal negligence.
Rapid innovation in deep submersibles another way of saying death...
iron lung irl 💀
0:56 5 people were excited, 4 blue joined the exclusive club, from what I understand: The kid didn't want to go but his father made him go
I didn't need a 25 minute video to know this information nobody whos been on the internet for the last month does
Its crazy how in the US they still have "Act of god" clauses in their contracts and even in insurance to be able to get out of paying customers.  Here they removed all "act of god" things from the law and it cannot be used by insurance companies to avoid payouts.  If your car or house is damaged in a flood they must pay out.   Was removed from books as "act of god" is not a real thing and religion has no place in the LAW or Officially.
3:15 how could you possibly make the argument that they were "reckless with regard to the safety of others" when the CEO himself was ON the sub. Seems like a complete non-starter.
When you go skydiving know that one in tenthousand times your parachute will not open.Then you still have a reserve. If you follow procedures you can survive. Not so with this so called ‘vessle’
"It's acceptable to engage in hazardous behavior but you cannot ignore obvious risks"   My biggest concern is if everyone was properly informed.   Devin just finished explaining that it's possible that at least one passenger may not have been made properly aware of the risks. The idea they could have been lied to is much much more troubling to me than the basic fact of the sinking.
Explains why you add other content creators in this video. It's too long. Shorten it next time.
4:20 - 4:23  So ... pun intended, or not?
I just dont get why courts would favor the ones who were negligent, despite the liability waiver… and no the people who signed them did not have all the relevant information that was being withheld by stockton rush
The most important thing is punishing the main culprit. And he's already got what he deserved -- death.
Are… are you saying “submersiVle”? Is anybody else hearing that, or just me?
So basically he just has to be not gross. Yet all the testimony is already available to get him as gross as possible.  This man believes things like Trump believes things. He just knows things because his gut tells him it's right. No one professionally can ever challenge or advise.
👋👋👋//
Carbon fiber composite are used for beams on airplanes etc.  A beam has compression loads on one side and tension loads on the other.  Clearly carbon fiber composites can carry compression loads.   the issue is that the epoxy always develops cracks.   Pressure vessels that contain pressurized fluids the carbon fiber is under tension. The strength of the fiber to contain the pressure is independent of the bond between the fiber and the epoxy.   The radial stress normally goes from the fluid pressure on one face to atmospheric on the other.  So fluid infusion into cracks moves the radius of the high pressure closer to the radius of the low pressure.  For fibers under compression the fluid can increase the gap between the now unbonded surface allowing for buckling and breaking of the fiber and further increasing the gap and stress in the epoxy.   Fluid infusion into cracks for a vessel with the fibers in tension will expand the gap but the fiber is still in tension and it radius is only changed by the change it stress due to this internal pressure. This vessel will fail or has so many connected cracks that it will not contain the fluid.  Diffusion of  through metal pressure vessels happens.  Aluminum dive tanks thickness is increased to reduce diffusion.
Wouldn't it also be the case that in people's minds there is a severe inflation going on about waivers in general? As a result of frivolous lawsuits which the legal system allowed to happen and even encouraged, there are now waivers routinely issued and signed for the most benign of activities... You let your kid go on a school trip:  sign a waiver.  It's become ubiquitous and expected.  So the combination of the CEO laughing it off and saying it's safer than crossing the street, while having a really far reaching waiver would by some people be interpreted as the same as going on a school trip.  So, the system of waivers and frivolous lawsuits for any (minor) mishap needs reconsidering.
Rush had a good reason to not trust the sub engineering union. Unions don't want the industry to grow where prices (and salaries) start to drop. In hindsight, his hubris in not listening to them AT ALL got him and 4 others killed.
OceanGate has more information than they're letting on. It's OceanGate-gate.
Came for dance music. Stayed for the great info.
I believe that a lawyer, in order to be a good lawyer, should be the voice advocating how important safety is.   And an explorer, in order to be a good explorer, will have to take at least some risks.   It makes complete sense to me that exactly what did happen, and will happen, both did and will happen.   They picked something to care about more than safety. That is the blunt truth of the matter.
"Tip of the iceberg" Couldn't resist, could you?
Law is so stupid, just a bunch of people looking for loopholes and ways out, it’s clearly discernible whether something is right or wrong, only variable would be how harsh the punishment
He died living the libertarian dream
"that's really just the tip of the iceberg".... pin-drop
I dont think you can be injured in a submarine. If something is wrong you are 100% dead.
They're screwed, simple as that. They were grossly negligent. That waiver won't save them.
IMAGINE MY SHOCK
Ah yes. Let us all trust that "companies will do the right thing" when it comes to being responsible citizens.
who needs regulation when you got lawsuits
You can put anything you want into a contract, but people assume a minimum due diligence and compliance with law on your part when they sign it. You can't have people sign their lives away for a bus tour, and then just willingly drive off a cliff.  Or get away scott free in an accident when it turns out you didn't maintain your brakes or tires at all.
Signing a waiver has little value if you can show gross negligence or criminality. They gonna be sued but there is probably no money there.
They should be sued. It was straight up gross negligence.
Rush won't be missed. Rich people think they're so smart. And rules don't apply to them. 😂 Earth is a better place without him.
These people understood the chances they took. Many declined the opportunity to dive in Titan. These people weighed the options and hoped for the best
Rich people can be really stupid. Titanic 2: Rich people 0.
15:20 welp, if it ain't certain to say that was an expensive ass coffin idk what is lol
Named their company to be a scandal
People are getting so worked up over this lol, the guy didn't force anyone on the sub. He didn't force you on the sub either it was a known risk what else needs to be said.
Stockton and examples of his grandiose, narcissistic thinking:  Telling PBS Journalist, David Pogue, that the Titan is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the Blackberry.    Telling Pogue that the hull of Titan was engineered in partnership with NASA & Boeing, which NASA & Boeing have since denied.  Stockton referring to himself as a maverick and taking pride in that his submersible was “an outlier”, as if it was this new innovation that was “ahead of it’s time”.  (The reason it was an “outlier” was because it was the only submersible in the world that was a complete LEMON).  And Stockton maintained that Titan would eventually be used to help oil companies with off-shore oil drilling.  And that OceanGate was the “Space X” of deep sea    exploration.
The vessel was operating under the laws of the Bahamas. It would never have been permitted by the US or Canadian Coast Guards to operate in US or Canadian waters. Yet both of the latter countries were obligated to spend enormous amounts of public resources to search for, attempt to rescue and retrieve the vessel and its passengers.  This seems like a ridiculous double standard. They don't have to abide by our laws but they can count on us to bail them out, and then protect them from the legal consequences of their gross negligence.
Sounds like a lawyer feeding frenzy. The best type of frenzy.
Any hardcore gamer will tell you wired controllers get better feedback.
Theres a sucker born every minute... ...P.T. Barnum
Darwinism
I remember my rowing coach in college said it very succinctly when he explained the waivers we were signing to join the crew team. "Waivers don't prevent you from suing, they just make it harder to sue."
The more I think about this submersible the more I think you’ve really got to be the stupidest person in the world to sign up for this.
funny thing, until now I thought oceangate was just a pun on what happened a la watergate. I've been today years old when I found out it was their actual name.
I do not envy the legal team that are going to have to untangle this ball of Christmas lights...
HA! People got angry at me when I told them there was actually a standard for safety and construction and regulations that should be followed for submersibles in international waters! NEWFIES KNOW THEIR RICH PEOPLE WATERY GAVE DEATH TRAPS!!!!!!
Easy, all courts take the compensation for the passengers individually, but together of everything else.
There is a leak of the transcript of communication between sub and support ship. According to it, the sub's descent was 50% faster (38 meters/minute rather than 25 meters/minute) than usual, reaching bottom a full hour faster at 90 minutes, meaning, if the hull was making sounds of impending failure, they may have been too deep to escape by surfacing. Whether it was deliberate or uncontrolled remains a mystery. Considering the maverick attitude of Rush, perhaps the former.
It was all an elaborate psy op
when the implosion was first announced I started waiting for you to cover it lol
The more I hear The more I fear
This might be a dumb question but if they were all extremely rich, why didn't they just use an actual submarine?
Imagine being an ego maniac. Dying. He must be rolling in his grave watching his company implode in the afterlife.
If it is a submersible not capable of launching without another vessel i.e. the ship flagged out of Canada, doesn't the submersible simply become an extension of the ship or sailing launched from Canada giving Canada or Newfoundland the jurisdiction?
Can we discuss the situation of the son not wanting to go?  Also is 18 the standard for being able to sign waivers or are there situations where you need to be older to do sign waivers for certain things?
"reasonable person" sounds like a good measure...but reasonable people (or a fraction of them..) do fall victim to scams, cons, and end up buying stupid things on tv because they believe things that are presented as facts to be actual facts "there is no way to avoid these risks" (it's probably true that there's no way to avoid ALL risks, but certainly there were ways to avoid specific risks that were brought up to the owner in the past but were being passed off in the waiver as just a formality that there's always some degree of risk in everything) 😞
Who's going to pay for the extensive search and recovery mission? That will cost several million dollars, owed to several sovereign countries and private companies.
What about the lawyer reviewed "sign on the dotted line"? Works for banks, corporations etc....
If only they built multiple subs and each one was only allowed like 5-10 dives before being decommissioned this never would have happened.   Keep in mind before the accident the Titan had previously made 22 successful dives with zero issues detected.  So R-C-F is a usable material for subs just not lots of repeated use. (not saying its a good idea)
Let's get one thing VERY CLEAR at no time EVER did White Star Line ever claim Titanic was unsinkable and I am tired of arm chair experts saying so,  YOU and Cameron are wrong.  The unsinkable claim came from a single newspaper journalist printing this.
There was mention of the waver not holding up due to gross negligence. One proof of this would be by Rush telling people that Boeing and NASA where involved in the construction of the sub by doing this he created a false expectation that it was more safe then it was
Clickbait...OceanGate had/has no insurance.
I wonder if Stockton Rush signed a waiver for that dive... 🤔  The problem with gross negligence is whether Stockton and the other "repeat customers" would have knowingly and willingly boarded a vessel they knew to be unsafe. Also, in the minds of a judge and / or jury, is a submersible - or a high altitude space ship - capable of being 100% safe? Cars aren't, trains and planes aren't, nor are cruise ships.   I cannot deny the attraction of these sorts of tourist destinations. But I also cannot deny there are extreme risks involved, even on a highly regulated vessel like Shuttles Challenger and Columbia. At some point we need to draw a line between corporate liability and personal choice. Maybe the boy wasn't aware of the risks, but the other four should have been aware of the risks.
These videos are always so nicely put together! Thanks for all the time and effort you put into these videos
If you want to do something that can injure or kill you you should not be able to sue if you are injured or killed.
Sounds to me like Rush either knew …at some point…or highly suspected that he and any passengers would die in his MacGyvered sub. But he made clear to his passengers that it would only cost them $250k to kiss their azz goodbye. If somebody asked me to sign a waiver that stated I might “die” I’m not walking away I’m running…and fast.
Was it that window that caused the implosion?
Bruh... how many cases do you win because the jury is mesmerized by your perfect Ken Doll hair?
How does the language in the contract affect anyone? It would seem the people bound by it are currently underwater. Wouldn't the family be able to say "I didnt agree to that!"
They have little to no money
Wow, the deaths of rich people is resulting in lawsuits? Didn't see that coming.
Wanna know the true kicker, he could have spent the money to make it safe and made more money in the long run. Honestly this is no different than a get rich quick scheme to me.
The captain driving the sub family should get paid he's the only one that wasn't filthy rich I think. He was just an employee. The other's family doesn't need money they are billionaires.
Yes you cannot sign away reckless endangerment ..
synonyms for gross negligence may include  flagrant disregard blatant foolishness seething carelessness safety condemning behavior offensive incompetence dysfunction with malice fate rigging resonance cascade engineering proactive hazards danger advancing  adversarial recklessness preservation opposition preservation protester negative attention abundant apathy carnage complacent  silent rapture timetravel manslaughter multiversal murder oopsie poopsies fucko boingos catastrophe craving
I love the fact that some youtube channels are covering the different aspects to the case, here being law aspect while real life engineering covering the engineering aspect
Ocean gate shouldn't be allowed to make profits after this, This incident should bankrupt them
Stockton's death is on him.
The phrase, "when it comes to people's safety, money wins out every time" from We Almost Lost Detroit comes to mind.
in english english they could very well be up a very brown creek without a rowing implement
Think about commercial flight; if the first officer of an aircraft cites a safety concern for which the captain kicks the FO off the flight deck, I do believe that's illegal. This vessel was clearly built with full intention of carrying passengers. A senior member raised immediate safety concerns and was fired. Ocean Gate should have been forced to cease operations then and there. Gross negligence should be easy to prove... but... I'm not a lawyer.
Seriously, when will companies learn that a waiver cannot protect you from your own cheapness, laziness, and outright neglect?
You know, I've been waiting to see if anyone else would say what the first thing is that comes to my mind, and I haven't heard anyone say it exactly yet.  The irony of sinking a submarine in 2023 while going to the Titanic vs. sinking the actual Titanic in 1912. Not only was the sub going to the actual Titanic but sinking a submarine in 2023 is about relatively the same as sinking an ocean liner in 1912. Does anyone think he did it on purpose?
As as scuba diver.. Mills' death was absolutely gross negligence. Just the overweighting of that woman is absurd. I'm not certified for high alt or dry suit diving. I've dove in 39 degree water in a very very tight semi-dry suit, but that requires no special training to use. An actual dry suit absolutely requires good training or you could get into a situation where you could die very easily. High altitude diving carries risks due to how quickly water pressure builds vs the fact that the air pressure outside is much lower than sea level. I've never had a course on that so I can't speak to it in any detail.
Oceanfate
Great, so big companies can avoid liability, but "the little guy" is left holding the bag. Flags of convenience, like Bahamas, another legal scam to avoid responsibility.  The only winners in this deal will be the lawyers.
It's hard to feel anything when they paid 5x my annual net to die, tbh.  Dumb investment, I hope more rich ppl waste more money on this.
This might seem crass at this point, but it's law and so inherently heartless anyway, so: will the company have to refund the very high ticket price to the victims' estates?
16:31 don’t show me 1/10 and tell me it’s 1/4 I object!
"But that's just the tip of the iceberg" 😭
In this specific case I think they shouldn't be liable. Yea, it was built like a Russian homemade tractor but it shouldn't have taken much research to show this. Also they were paying a quarter of a million dollars to go look at an underwater graveyard and that in of it's self tells you all you need to know about those taking this trip to begin with. Also isn't this the ultimate conclusion to a trip like this, not only are you going to see the titanic but also be part of the exhibit for the next group of rich assholes.
As an engineer I feel its worth pointing out that the videogame controller thing is actually fairly normal with Xbox 360 controllers being incredibly common in many areas, including military. Their deployment is common as it is already well developed, comfortable in extended use and familiar to many users with little training. There were MANY problems with the sub that someone really should've picked up on, the biggest problem with the controller is the lack of backup schemes (especially manual/mechanical schemes) in case of system failure and it's slightly frustrating that that part receives such heavy focus. To clarify, the controls are ridiculous but the ridiculous part is that the controller added many points of failure without any plans in place for one of those points failing e.g. manual access to an override switchboard that allows for a control scheme that while impractical in normal use can get a crew to safety WHEN such a complex system fails and it WILL fail at some point as any complex system does.
I'm still stuck laughing on the PS4 pad on this on. One day i'll be able to catch up. My old house mate used to have to buy a new PS4 pad every year cause they would just break. I had other friend wo had to replace PS4 pads all the time. I then bought a PS4 and in less than a year the right thumb pad developed a drift issue that meant in game i was always walking forward and then a judder effect.  Not what i'd you for a sub.
Lots of folks online are talking about how the titan victims “deserved it” and regardless of your stance on billionaires dying in situations they paid stupid sums of money for I think it’s extremely important still go after oceangate for their negligence
This comment is in poor taste. But if their conversation was like that on the Titanic, does this mean were getting a drama about this expidition?
As a mechanical engineer, just saying that carbon fiber is "better" than titanium boggles my mind. In what context!? Compressive? In tension? Are you static loading the material? Dynamically loading? What temperature? There are so many factors that can effect material properties. Fiber glass and wood have different properties based on grain or fiber directions and directional loading. Carbon fiber may be "better" in some contexts, but worse in others. Ductility and hardness are not the same, and are often inversely proportional. Did they think that the hardness of carbon fiber was "better" than titanium?  It is Its all contextual, and it this case it matters! Also, if the sub was designed for certain performance factors, then taking beyond those specifications repeatedly, of course it was going to fail! Just insane...
Yo Mr. Eagle,      You always say it's never ever Rico? What is your take on Shawn WIlliams and the Georgia HUD embezzlement case? Charges hold water or no?
Who could've guessed it would've end that way? Literally everyone Bob.
The "Go Fast. Break Stuff" techbro mentality that is so trendy in our modern world should maybe not be applied to all industries. Especially in areas where the "Break Stuff" part results in several people being turned into toothpaste in a fraction of a second.
I wonder if the insurance company, if any, will deny coverage for faulty workmanship. Hmmmmm.
waivers are only as good as the good faith of  both parties.. ocenagates piece of junk wouldnt stand up  in  any court
That waiver should get brushed off, because those passengers deserve justice for a company doing everything they can to jump hoops, putting these passengers in a position of signing a contract on something doomed to fail. But Oceangates dealing with a Billionaire family who lost their two members. So they have more than enough money to go down and scoop Stockton's ashes out because that guy ain't avoiding court no matter what circumstances.
I hope they can take the money straight out of the ceos account, he was the one responsible
Ofcourse they wouldnt get it tested.. they already knew it wouldnt pass.. fools! Deserve to be shutdown and sued
I don't understand why the billionaire's heirs would sue,  it's not as if they need the money.
"Who knew how right he was going to be?". I think pretty much anyone who had two brain cells left to rub together. They could make a reality show and most people would love it, called "never trust a billionaire", that's how many people knew how right he was going to be.
OBJECTION: game controllers are used VERY frequently with vehicles. the NATO DSRV is controlled with something like it unless it's using it's WALDO system. the American drone program uses game controllers and there's a variety of other systems and vehicles which are easily controlled by this stuff. and it's not new tech either,
Hmm I dont know that they should be sued... I mean if they have a waiver that says they could die in an accident and they signed it. Well, then I guess that's that... Why blame Oceangate? We dont blame the airport when something goes wrong with an airplane and people lose their lives this way... heck I dont even think you sign a waiver to get on a plane. Plus, the guy is dead so who tf are they suing anyways... I'm sure the guy in line to take the company over should anything happen to the main guy... doesnt want it lol the CEO of the company is dead... who tf is the idiot like okay whos the next name on the list that we can sue?
The funny part is their steering tool, a logitech controller, is known for bluetooth communication problems and easily devolping stick drift. So the sub spinning around... Yeah one of the sticks decided to drift. I think a aquatic vehicle where the steering can go out when it pleases, and when control could be critical, should have shut it down before delving came into question. I wouldn't even trust a ps2 controller to drive a sub, and those were programmed to autocorrect drift if it starts doing that.
I won't even run my computer's mouse on bluetooth because it's unreliable. This CEO is a _moron._ Sorry, was. Was. Death is a hard way to learn a lesson, and the fact he took 4 other people with him, including a 19yo who only went to please his dad.... yeah. I hope the suits go forward, but the person genuinely responsible has already paid the ultimate price for his negligence. Hopefully, though, such a suit will discourage other arrogant billionaires from doing something this stupid to other people.  I mean, the guy was _so_ grossly negligent that he clearly made himself aware of every loophole he could swim through to evade responsibility for said negligence. He knew.
Ah man, imagine if any of these people that were in the sub paid someone to check if it was safe.
"You were supposed to visit the Titanic, NOT join them!"
im only a few minutes in but like i said to dad “signing a waver doesnt mean the people running the submersible can function a submersible when engineers said it wasnt going to withstand the pressure”
** IS THERE ANOTHER KIND OF SNOWBOARDING THATS NOT DOWNHILL?
23:34 "... mission specialists" - yeah right, a 19-year-old studying business is a Titan mission specialist.  Just doublespeak to cover that he and the others were tourists.
Bad idea, to shelter from a tornado in an outhouse; A carbon fiber sub is just asking for trouble carbon fiber better suited for bicycles
Depending on the jurisdiction, this could be manslaughter or criminally negligent homicide in my opinion.
Oceangate Suicide Sub Services..
basically, an absolute legal nightmare
Rush did more to evade regulation rather than meet regulation
Has anybody asked did the CEO sign one of these documents? In the word participant I thought they were supposed to be labeled specialist
What about the Convention of reduction of statelessness stating that a birth in international waters would be considered as a birth from the craft’s registration. So maybe where the sub was registered in.
Seems like a Slam Dunk to me.
If OceanGate doesn't get sued out of existence, we might as well say we already live in anarchy.
please do the Shein RICO case next... 😁😁
Stockton rush was a knob.. what an absolute clown. Cant believe he charged people to go down in his shitty sub
Who would have thought Devin would turn heel, embrace his inner Saul Goodman, and start doing late-night style legal ads on his channel. Totally trashy, unexpected, and I'm here for every second of it. 👍😂
Blah blah blah blah.   So what?  The most important issue was never addressed in this video - collecting an award.    I doubt that this company has anything with which to pay an award.
You sound a waiver believing the BS Rush said, it wasn’t, the paper is worth nothing because of that
The waiver does not speak of Rush's lack of using sonography to maintain structural integrity.  What about the fact that Rush bought expired carbon fiber to make the vehicle?  It's what the participants were not told.  Everyone who dives into the ocean's depths is aware that there are risks.  Rush's lack of use of top-grade products and lack of maintaining normal standards for upkeep is in question.
This isn't just "gross" as in "glaringly noticeable" or "immediately obvious", it's gross as in "crudely vulgar". It's hard to think of a more fitting description for the public human sacrifice of yourself, three other old men, and a 19 year old . For four old men to kill themselves on a public altar to some rich douchebag's ego is one thing, but bringing that kid really makes Stockton Rush a bastard.
I have a feeling that oceangate is about to declare bankruptcy
Stockton bullshits people like I bullshitted my parents when I was 5 years old. Poorly and with a straight face lol.
Just to clear something up since it came up, The White Star Line (Owners of Titanic) or her builders NEVER said she was "Unsinkable" the press did. Just pointing that out since it always makes Titanic historians cringe.
Stockton even looks like a spoilt narcissistic grifter. Who the f@ck names their kid Stockton?
I’m just hoping that they go out of business permanently and no one else gets hurt.
Seeing as the ‘passengers’ were considered ’mission specialists’ (due to the craft not being certified to carry ‘passengers’) did OceanGate have them covered by a type of employee life insurance policy for such a tragic event…that would benefit OceanGate?
As a PADI certified diver, I want to mention that you are not crushed at 60 feet and if you would drop the weight as you learn in your basic training including inflating your air vest you would at most experience a mild version of the bends so nothing lethal.
I don't mean to speak ill of the dead, but the CEO deserves a special place in that ethereal WARM place. Plus, as  I told a colleague, the ONLY time I would go, and see, the Titanic is in a Star Trek, post TNG, shuttle craft.
Honestly right off the bat, the part about governed by the laws of the Bahamas. I can see that wrecking their case. "Well I want to sue them in the USA, not the Bahamas." They could argue the waiver is only valid in the Bahamas
Er....Actually there was also another major design issue with the Titanic. The hull was made out of a common sulphur Steel which makes it corrosion resistant, however they were not aware of the fact that this steel becomes especially brittle when cold.
That Dell ad about tourists turning into scientists helping with underwater research before *this* video is probably a tad misplaced.  That said, great video, as always!
One of the things about 'we're doing innovation and we don't like being stifled' is you change /one/ thing and test the bejabbers out of it is there are safety requirements. They changed /everything/ and did only the most basic testing. /Everything/ was wrong and bad, because arrogance and 'freedom to innovate' dogma.
“That is definitely a distinct possibility” is about as close as you can get a lawyer to saying “yes”.
HAAAA lighting was just the tip of the iceberg.... nice one LegalEagle.... nice one
Waivers or not, don't think OceanGate has many assets left.  It's IP is worthless, as would be any spare parts and the like.  And any insurer will be looking for every out.
"have not been widely used" is wrong. It should be "are not widely used".
What's the point of legal action against a dead guy?  The families of the victims are already rich and we don't even know how it happened yet. We're all acting like this guy was the devil but none of us really know all the details.  It's possible that it wasn't even a design floor that killed them. What if someone sabotaged the sub (rich guys on board... inheritance...). Or perhaps the navy destroyed it with a torpedo (by accident or otherwise...) or maybe they had a collision with the Titanic wreckage...
YES!  You say "...under the ocean's surface"!  So many ( including Disney in 'The Little Mermaid' ) say "... under the sea." That's where the earth's rocky mantle is.
I was amazed when, right after the “accident,” James Cameron was visibly upset and vocally angry about the failure. Now I see why he was so angry and he was entirely justified by not mincing words and straight up saying that the submersible was a POC.
Good, people's lives were taken because of that arrogant & dumb man.
a brief examination suggests OceanGate itself does not have the financial resources/assets to defend any such complaint, let alone make it worth launching one from the plaintiff's side.  so the question is more whether or not the company was carrying any form of insurance for their operations - given how the rest of the show was run that seems unlikely
The only ‘good thing’ for the people on board was that they were dead before they even knew it. It’s been estimated that this occurred within one to two milliseconds, which is faster than sight can be registered by the brain and faster than nerves can transmit signals of pain to the brain. They literally had no idea what happened and didn’t know that they were dead until they found themselves standing before the Almighty, or if you don’t believe in an afterlife - they had no idea that they were dead. It was that quick for them that they didn’t feel anything whatsoever, so at least they didn’t suffer.
I love how eloquent you are mister lawyer. You show extensive knowledge and experience that is very entertaining to watch
How do you sue a liquified CEO?
can you do a video on sovereign citizens? Watching their arrest videos is my guilty pleasure.
I mean, memes aside, someone clearly messed up and was negligent.
Oceangate is a find example of corporate greed makes stupid corporate decisions.  I hope Oceangate gets sue into oblivion.
Wasn’t all of this information public?  Unless Oceangate did something unique for this individual dive, people need to take personal responsibility for putting themselves in a potentially dangerous situation.
We add -gate to scandals after Watergate, and these people chose the name OceanGate.
Buyer be grossly AWARE.
What I'm curious about is whether or not the son also signed a waiver since he took his mom's place on the trip 🤔
Stockton was a dumb ass. But anyone who got in that thing was crazily foolish and and their estate is owed nothing IMHO.
Amateurs
You know I love watching this channel, but sometimes it is just so disheartening to see how ineffective the law is or how much the details of it are used to protect people who deceive others. I mean real talk here how many times was Stockton warned? If I made a drinking game out of it in this video I'd have alcohol poisoning. It seems very obvious to me that he was not only warned about the dangers of his design but then took every step to deliberately bury it. And what does the law have to say about it? There's enough legalese in the law that they might get off scott free. Honestly it makes me hope to god I never need a lawyer.
Stockton Rush capitalism a bit too hard. A good capitalist know their products and services are shit and don't actually use them themselves lol.
I’d be curious to know who insured this thing
#3  the phrase "at any time" might just be a loop hole.  Because there may have been a time - no matter how short - that they wanted to bail out while they were still alive. If that moment occurred and he didn't IMMEDIATELY take them to the surface, well he could be liable.
I doubt Ocean Gate is worth a plugged nickel now. And lawsuits were obvious to anyone from the moment the submersible went missing.
Ngl every few minutes if this video I was like oh ok so they can Sue Them… oh no they can’t… oh ok so they can…. Oh wait no they can’t 🤦🏻‍♀️🤔😂
Fnaf submersible
If I’m going AT ALL under the water, I don’t want the craft to be macgyver’ed in any way shape or form.
Sounds like a case of confirmation bias. He surrounded himself with yes-men and has ultimately paid the price, along with his paying passengers. Is there anything that goes beyond gross negligence? Something like gross, gross, gross negligence? His bravado and overconfidence ended him. OceanGate should be held accountable and should pay a hefty price. Industry standards are set for a reason, safety. Overlook safety and you can guarantee that something could go catastrophically wrong.   The titanic is a grave, it should not be treated as a tourist attraction where someone or some entity is making a profit. It should be left permanently.
the last thing that went though the OceanGate CEO's head, aside from carbon fibre, was a playstation controller. I had never heard of these prior incidents, or the absolute haphazard way this thing was bodged together. I do recall seeing a co founder or some high positioned oceangate dude even after the implosion trying to fob off any responsibility, still trying to suggest the thing was safe and fine though. And now im off to watch the Real Engineering video because youtube didnt show it to me, instead i get weird irrelevant gaming videos with 10 views... thanks, gootube! Im starting to put more thought towards joining Nebula
The more I hear about Stockton Rush, the more he sounds like a snake oil salesman.
Joined the club?  You mean the exclusive club of Titanic Non Survivors?
In relation to insurance, I would imagine it's contrary to public policy to allow a claim arising from activity by the policy holder that would have been illegal if it took place in US waters.
Im on oceangates side dor this one. If you didnt already know this was a bad idea, then read the agreements that flat out said you might die several times then you got what waa coming to you. All these people were abocw the age of 18, all these people had the choice to not go, all these people dug their own graves.
My question is, "What's the point in suing OceanGate?" The guy at fault, Stockton Rush, is already dead. Plus, we're speaking of the heirs of billionaires here, so they aren't facing financial hardship as a result of the loss of a wage earner. Given how expensive lawsuits are (and the question of whether the company actually has much in way of assets with which to pay out any judgement) you have to wonder if it's really worth it.  Well, there is avenging their lost loved ones, but as I said earlier, Stockton Rush is beyond all human consequences now, so the lawsuit won't cause him any financial or emotional distress, so again, what would be the point?
you cant put a car in water and tell passengers it their fault if it cant make it to the bottom of the mariana. OceanGate does not get to claim lack of liability if they refused to follow the standards of the law.
Good. Sue the bejesus outta that dead idiot.
Im just honestly glad that rush died in this incident.. coz lord knows that if he'd lived, chances are he'd face little to no consequences for his blatant disregard for safety. this was 100% caused by negligence, deliberate negligence, all in the name of saving a couple bucks..  RIP to the others on board, especially the 19 year old who was only there because his dad wanted him to come. I hope the families sue the ever loving crap out of the company and that it goes bankrupt.
This is all a show…it’s not real
Screwing bathroom grab handles and Amazon monitor mounts directly into the carbon fiber hull is pretty negligent.
You are not allowed to kill people or take advantage of people just because they signed a waiver.
Its frankly disgusting the lengths some people will go to cut costs on anything, it makes me struggle to consider them as fellow humans if theyre THAT negligent against others with seemingly no shred of empathy for those they are responsible for who need them to be for their safety
Squeeze an empty cardboard toilet-roll 'winder', then an egg.  Nine year olds could get that the central tube was weak, especially straight wound rather than crosshatched like old bias-ply tires.
Thank you for this. Now, please do Mr. Pillow arbitration suit with the engineer.
Stockton Rush does not deserve to be mourned, he deserves to be mocked and reviled.  His utterly head-up-his-own-ass arrogance killed 4 innocents.
I'm wondering about the legal complication of the fact that the person accountable is also dead and a victim of sort.
Well how about that, Jimmy Neutron grew up to be a lawyer.
I for one welcome out new overlord billionaire coffins, if you're a billionaire, order you space coffin or deep blue see coffin now, free grave coffin included.
For all the shady practices and hubris that went into this project, the Titan did help us compress the rich
Its the equivalent of relying on an oil pressure gauge to know if your rod is about to come out of the block.
Waivers are for risks of sports, as controlled by participants, NOT HAZARDS of extreme engineering.  EDIT: Also it appears likely that Oceangate withheld information about the nature of the risks and reasons for them.    The ASME BPVC is written in metric tons of blood.  Rush ignored every shred of good sense anyone told him.  Composites are better in tension, so they have a place in pressure vessels meant to contain pressure, not withstand external pressure.  Sadly it is difficult to slap sense into an unrecovered corpse.   Oceangate got sued... Oh well... One liquidation deserves another... or was it liquifaction... eh, close enough.
20:14 Oceangate lawyers: WRITE THAT DOWN!
Fair lawsuit given that the shoddy design of the sub turned Stockholm Rush and passengers into Captain Crunch and crew.
Sign your own death warrant....come on, you know want to.
There is an unverified transcript from the dive that shows Oceangate descending way too fast. When their main ship questioned about how quickly they were descending, Stockton said it's all fine, just enjoying the views.  Shortly after they hear sounds and there are warning lights and alarms and then loss of communicaiton.  If this is true, that would show negligence.
So, let's say the declare bankruptcy.  What is there to gain from suing them besides doing so for principle?  For what money? Did OceanGate have insurance? Would insurance even pay out for this?
Way to "sink low" with that "that's just the tip of the iceberg" at 4:22
OCEANGATE WAS RECKLESS! That portal window at the front was only rated safe down to 1300m and they were going down 4000m!
WhiteStar Line definitely bought that Judge in 1915 because even an idiot could tell that watertight bulkeahds that aren't watertight because they weren't even all there would have been known by the builder and operator of the Titanic, and therefore are gross negligence.
can you talk about the tos updates on apps like snapchat that say "you cant sue us if you accept these terms"
These people where so close to each other before they died... so sad
They should've left a bit of the wreckage at the bottom with its sister , as a warning. The level of hubris here was olympic, and (no disrespect to the dead), why of all the titanic expedition companies, did they choose one with this track record? Did not one of them do any research, not even the Titanic expert? In a way it seems like a version of just picking a plastic surgeon off the internet because they have a good website.
So you’re telling me the waiver was … not watertight?
Are you friends with the Lockpicking Lawyer?
Darwinian awards all round.
My favourite bit is where he threatens to sue me if I don’t subscribe
This could have been easily avoided if the government stepped in and forcibly said "no one can use this death trap."
Good, I hope they get sued for everything they've got. If this doesn't qualify as gross negligence, I don't know what will, and the system has failed.
I'm sure the defendants will get all the money after the brankrupcy and the creditors get paid frirst..
How this guy manage to make billionaires join him without proper sertifications is mind boggling
Speaking of suing I'm curious, could the FTC be sued for not representing the consumers? I mean when a judge has to remind you who you're representing isn't that some kind of legal issue? Also when are you doing another video with your Marine friend? Yall are hilarious!!!
It's a shame we place so much value on 5 people lost at sea, when the same week 500 were lost at sea off Greece. - Oh wait they're weren't rich.
Not wanting to speak ill of the deceased, but how do you read that waiver and go "yeah, this sounds like a great idea!"
You can't use a NDA or waiver to avoid illegal behavior.
Majorly sued?  More like sued out of existence.
“Such risks cannot be eliminated” 100% true, but I feel there a margin between not being able to completely eliminate a risk and not even taking the simplest steps to at least minimize said risks…
Lightning hit the sub.....if thats not a sign, I dont know what is
I love your content and level-handed explanations of things, but oh my god, the jokey transitions to the end ad are always so horribly distasteful when you talk about anything to do with human death or suffering. I don't mind the ad, but do something tasteful like "if you like informative content like this, you might also like today's sponsor Brilliant" or something, just please for the love of god DON'T make a joke about the subject matter.
The details you guys go to is amazing keep it up
So this is bothering me with the "playstation 4 controller" bit. The problem is not that it is a game controller, the problem is that it is a WIRELESS game controller. As far as usability is concerned, a game controller would be fine, but you want to use a wired one to ensure that the connection doesn't break and the battery doesn't die.
4 people paid 250,000 each to look at that Titanic: for science? for adventure? for humanity? No, just deadly fame and foolishne$$.. They could have built a small children's hospital.
Did he really call BlackBerry blackbird?
OceanGateGate
Anyone interested in learning about the science should look at the thunderf00t videos on the sub. He was amazed it made any successful dives at all, due to how bad the design was (ignoring basic principals of deep sea submersibles, using cheaper, inferior materials). While he only guessed at the cause, his guess is that the shape of the sub is what did it in. Most deep sea subs are basically spheres, at least the part where the human sits, but this was a tube, and the caps were made of a different material from the tube part attached only by some glue, so when the sub was subjected to extreme temperatures, which meant the materials expanded/contracted at different rates, it would pull apart the glue. Just one pinhole leak would have been enough to doom everyone in under a second.
I hope theres enough proper documentation to put everyone liable in a position where they are property responsible for the situation
I still cannot believe that right after this incident they still had the balls to announce more deep divings. Like "oh PR damage control? Whats that?"
I always cringe when I hear reference to the gaming controller as an indication of how unprofessional the operation was.  Ironically, that was probably the most tested and reliable component in the whole operation.  The military use them for certain platforms.
Yeah they F up but thos billionaire noone force them to go there. It cost 25k or more to go there and they did. They did go to very expensive trip without done research on what is the submarin. Thos people is part to blame too
I don't understand the Super chat because you have almost 3 million followers and you get paid for views.
Everyone knew the risk. Everyone wanted to do it anyway. And just like with every tech (even cellphones), you will find people saying, "It will kill you!" This was a tragedy but let's stop being armchair quarterbacks.
I'm from Iowa and would love to see LegalEagle do a video regarding the collapse of a huge rental building in the city Davenport that hit national news.
While the risks could not be eliminated, the company should have taken care to minimize the risks, and from what I've been reading, not only did the company not take steps to minimize the risks, the owner of the company refused to have the submersible certified, and loud cracks were heard on previous trips.  This, to me, screams negligence on the part of the company.
4:20 "...and that was just the tip of the iceberg"  Really?😂😂😂
Did he just say “inflator nose”?
Biggest thing people forget is, waivers do mitigate some legal responsibility,   but no waiver could ever possibly excuse negligence.   Even if a contract literally stated "You can't sue us of we forget ir cheap out on something"  it would be unenforcable
My god rush was an idiot.
US$250,000? Good gods why?
Looks like the liability waiver was/is as water tight as the craft. Appears the pax were both naive and gullible.
Can't waiver yourself out of gross negligence.
Well they are suing the wrong company as there is a little IMO regulation that all vessels need to comply to regulations inspected by companies like American Bureau of shipping ,  Lloyds register , germanischer  Lloyd , Bureau Veritas  etc.  before even getting  a certification to be used ,  at sea.   And the US one is mainly to blame . as they signed of on this vessel . You should look up maritme law and certifications as they are quite a bit lets say unforgiving for lapses in government run and accredited certified institutions .    I see a huge and i mean a huge fine for ABS  as they did not do their jobs ,and all certificates could be in doubt for other vessels.  .     Suing a company over a badly constructed  , and poorly inspected submarine , with clear dangers for even the most robust bathyscaphes . You got very little to stand on .  As the IMO lets say conducts these investigations , and as every thing under them falls under government agencies around the world .   Good luck suing one company that got its certification from a government run organisation .
The legal liabilities will quickly overwhelm any remaining $$ or assets, at which point they will be bankrupt. I can't image any insurance company providing major coverage to Ocean Gate for an uncertified, experimental submersible. If anyone provided such coverage, that will also be consumed quickly. Then you have whatever estate Rush has.
Who are they gonna sue? The CEO died with them.
Imagine thinking it's a good idea to take a soda can to the deepest part of the ocean only to get pistoned into dust from the immense pressure.
" Majorly" is not a word, but if it was, it's still stupid. You're either sued, or you're not-there are no degrees of " sueing". Why wouldnt you just say there would probably  be more than one action?
A waiver presumably means nothing if the risks were not clearly explained. A partial explanation (e.g. list of possible causes of death) doesn't relieve the operator of the duty to provide (and disclose) a "safe" means of transport. Rush didn't explain the risk(s) inherent in a highly questionable design nor did he explain the fact that he ignored proven design standards in favor of his own improvised "standards' of design.
FYI, I believe Real Engineering was discussing an acoustic warning system for the carbon fiber - not the acrylic window, because when carbon fiber fails, it does so instantly and catastrophically.
Now cover the Joe & Hunter Biden indictment and slap on the wrist. Cover the Hunter Biden laptop.
Calling Dr Robert Ballard to the stand!
Could the CEO's repeatedly saying it's safe undermine the waiver's claim it's dangerous? Because I feel there's a difference in the perception of risk signing a waiver for "it's as safe as crossing the street" vs signing a waver for "this sub is built from expired carbon fiber".
Toothpaste.
Nice commentary, just another ambulance chaser...
"Does that not raise any eyebrows in the industry?" "Yeah,  yeah it does" famous last words along with "hold my beer" and "yolo". It raised eyebrows for a very,  very good reason as we all saw. He didn't. His brain would have become goo before he had the chance to even know what was happening.  I still feel bad for the son that didn't even want to go.
Lawyers are we can not have nice things. "You might die." Cool sign me up. "They died." Well that sucks but...
They're in deep trouble now
Welp. The overriding question here, is, DID WE ALL LEARN SOMETHING?  When are we going to stop cutting very important corners to save a buck?
Refusing to do non-destructive testing is the huge issue here.  They should have been doing this after every single dive to at least determine if there were any issues with the hull.  Same issue without doing cross-linking of the carbon fiber during construction.  🤦‍♂
I just can't understand that if you're so filthy rich to build your own submersible (or get in one) why would you cheap out on the safety cost?   Surely, they wouldn't have saved _that_ much money? At least, relative to what they already have. Why not just do it right?  I cheap out on some things too, but stuff that really won't do any harm. Like thrifting for exercising equipment. Something I can get away with it not running the best, but gets the job done.   But nobody wants that standard for the car or the plane they get into.
imo OceanGate's best defense is that Stockton Rush died as well and as far as people seem to know was not intending to.
OceanGate won’t even exist after all this.
"The tourists who signed the waivers committed assault and battery by touching their waivers. Therefore, murdering them in an unsafe sub was clearly justified self-defense." - Legal Eagle
From the terms of the waiver, it seems like you're waiving liability related to the inherent risks of deep-sea submersibles, and especially new untested designs. But if you're knowingly doing 1000 things everyone else involved in submarine building wouldn't dream of doing, and have been repeatedly told your submarine will kill people, while talking about how very safe it is, it seems like they've gone beyond that.
It was struck by lightning??? So even the big guy upstairs was trying to stop them.
I find it hard to believe the waiver could save them from the heat when their website (down now, but archived) went on lengths about how the submersible was using all this innovative technology that made it safe, really playing up how much the Titan would change the scene. If not negligence, then surely false advertising?
Seriously this is even worse than a typical scam artist. This guy endanger both himself and all his clients.  And "carbon fiber is better than titanium"... for a aub? What a clueless dude. And hr ignored all the expert advice, thinking he himself know best.  And forgo formal regukatory testing.   And do not even has any safety factor in their "design"?  The prime dunning kruger effect
Maybe you can bypass human law if you have a lot of money, but not natural law. The pressure under 4 km of water doesn't care about the money you have in your bank account.
*sees owner being very cavalier about construction and safety *sees how thorough the paperwork is "Hmmm..."
I think this is a basic indicator of intelligence: Criticizing the decisions of intelligent people results in their acknowledgement, acceptance and consideration of objections. Criticizing the decisions of Idiots results in their indignation and anger at being insulted and personally attacked.
They can sue the company but ultimately it will not make much a difference as lives has already lost including the ceo 🙄  The deceased  Ceo who should be sued
How can you sue a ceo/founder if they were on the titan?
I think it's kinda hard to prove gross negligence when the CEO went down with them. You would think he wouldn't knowingly/deliberately put himself in danger.
sounds like they  some fraud and tax dodging
I mean, with a lot of money that they got, shouldn't they be able to purchase a real submarine?
I find it ironic that the submersible was named "Titan" and it was visiting the "Titanic," and both met the same fate.
I would be interested to know if/how much Rush's willingness and confidence to be inside the sub for that trip will affect any possible litigation. He did place himself in the same situation alongside the other victims, obviously he believed it to be safe. Had he sent it down with a hired pilot and stayed on the ship, would that make potentially suing the company more or less easy?
Ironically Oceangate as a company will implode under the weight of the lawers and lawsuits
“That was just the tip of the iceberg “ I saw what you did there.
Hope rush is burning in hell for being so stupid He deserves it
You shouldn't be able to "close up shop" after a disaster/tragedy to avoid being sued in that state or country. It shouldn't matter because you were "open for business" when the tragedy happened so closing your doors and literally scrapping your business to avoid legal issues shouldn't be allowed...and is a bit immoral if you ask me (which no one did).
Tbh I hope they just get shut down
The owner and ppl on board are dead and were billionaires anyway.  So as Rocky said in Rocky 5 said.  Sue me for what??
I still have no sympathy for people who would spend that much to go and see a ship wreck that you could happily see high def footage of on the internet. (however) I hope their families bankrupt that guy.
So what, the company is now history.
hopefully stocktons widow gets stripped of every single asset and get's put out on the street
Rich people problems!  I feel as though musk isn't far off from rush in terms of how they process risk. It's just a matter of time. There just seems to be a common thread of disregard that they both seem to have. Maybe I'm proven wrong, but time will tell.  Feel free to leave your defending rage comment below... like a sunken submersible.
I'd love to hear about this suit as it progresses. This is quite fascinating.
I wonder if the combined wealth of the families will just pay to assassiate Oceangate execs.
stating Rush should have brushed up on his math skills is crazy considering he's dead 💀💀
So the exception to the exception basically protects large corporations, but throws the small companies to the wolves.  That the Congress I know and love. /S
the company did not tell the the truth about the sub that parts are not mean to go that deep  fact
Hope the lawsuits stick and the company(s) involved are never heard from again. Unbelievable trail of errors, hubris and ego ... at least the chief idiot in charge paid the price, so sad anyone else had to.
whats the point? the offender paid the price. or is this just good old american hurr durr lets take shit to court just because?
It's worth noting that, by itself, "using a PlayStation controller" isn't necessarily an issue. They're used for all kinds of things. They're used *by the military* to *control weapons* in some cases.  Using a WIRELESS controller, however, is can open, worms everywhere.
Of course they're being sued. Their craft killed five people who had enough bank to spend a quarter million dollars on a trip to the Titanic. If they had that kind of money, their families definitely have the kind of money to pay a good high priced lawyer. Waiver or no waiver, those things never hold up when it's an obvious case of negligence or something similar.
This lawsuit could cause OceanGate to implode.
I think that one unfortunate thing is Stockton Rush, although paying the ultimate penalty with his life is not here to face the public. He got off too easy with a death so sudden that he didn’t have to suffer.
As an engineer, I knew it would fail eventually. Rush was not an engineer. But it's sad that he died because he did not live to face the consequences of his incompetence.
I don't actually really care what happens. Anyone dumb enough to see that thing and still get onboard assumes the risk.
You have really good segues to your ads lol😂
If I’m convinced to sign a safety waiver by being told that the activity is safer than crossing the street I feel like it shouldn’t matter what the waiver says if the activity in question is in fact *not* safer than crossing the street.
>Titan struck by lightning in 2018 It's like God himself was saying 'this submersible is a giant piece of shit, s t o p'
You said "had went ahead".  Shouldn't it be "had gone ahead"?
I think the way to win this case is to focus on window that was rated for depths well above the depths the submersible travelled.  He knew the window wasn't certified for that depth and used it anyways.  It is similar to the bad scuba equipment I guess.
My question is this: WILL INSURANCE companies pay any life insurance to the survivor's families???......... ''Your family member willingly took part in life threatening activities'...... DENIED.........
They're going to sue a bankrupt company?
Unreasonable confidence, ignoring all risk and operating a custom vehicle in any manner that isnt certified to be safe is its self gross misconduct and willfully putting everyone at risk.
Hey Devin, any possibility you can do a video about the NFL lawsuit between them, Jon Gruden, and Dan Synder? Not your usual cup of tea I know but it'd be interesting to get your take
Hello, Devin. Please consider doing a Real Lawyers React about the movie Witness for the Prosecution. Specifically the version with Charles Laughton, Tyrone Powers, and Marlene Dietrich.
Getting sued, as well they should!  Untested vessels like this should not be allowed to carry tourists, especially minors.  Hopefully the coming lawsuits will bankrupt this company and prevent it from killing other fools who lack the common sense to understand the danger they're placing themselves in.
Billionaires are good people deep down.😃
If he got paid 250k per person why didn’t he use better materials?!!
is he calling the Titan a "submersiful"?
Oceangate mislead people into thinking they were working with NASA and Boeing. They also hid the fact that the industry experts were warning them that the sub was dangerous and fired a whistleblower for saying the same thing. Considering how the public only found out about this after the investigation it's likely the passengers were also  unaware of how much of a deathtrap the submersible truly was and just thought the level of danger was more akin to that of other high-risk activities (eg: mountain expeditions, paragliding).
One word sums this up i think "Hubris"
Oceangategate must be the biggest scandal since watergategate
Is there anything stopping the surviving family members from filing lawsuits in ALL of the places that MAY have some kind of jurisdiction?  Could they potentially win multiple times in different places?
9:15 The only one I see benefitting from this one is that kid who didn't even wanna be there. Then again, the kid was coerced by his old man, not the company owner (to my knowledge), so that makes things a little murkier. What effect would it have if the lies, exaggerations, and omissions were told to the kid by someone else, but those lies, exaggerations, and omissions were created by the company owner?
Knew this was coming.  And rightly so.  I hope the company is sued out of existence.
They shut down
Could you review an episode of Scandal? Particularly the episode “A Few Good Women” s4 ep21? Love your videos!
I'm not superstitious, and if my car was struck by lightning I'd probably get in it the next day. But if my submarine or hydrogen zeppelin is known to attract gods wrath, I think I'd write it off
More like OceanGrave
One button, one single point of failure, not to mention zero contigencies designed to reinforce the design in case of failure.
D.O.S.A?   You mean the Department of Statistical Anomalies?
The regulations are NOT why ocean vessel innovation hasn't grown. It's that the depth pressure and humans do NOT mix. That's why space innovation is easier. There's ZERO gravity out there. Under the sea, well...there's more and more pressure the deeper you go (more pressure from outside the deeper you go). It's a matter of inviting something that can withstand that pressure. People ARE working on those innovations but it's a slow process BECAUSE of the pressure at those depths and the FACT that HUMANS die at that depth. We're fragile little beings. A blobfish can withstand the pressure but when you bring it up to our regular atmosphere (gravity & pressure), they turn squishy (blobby). They look a lot different in their natural depths. Anytime you have several pieces of something put together--making joints--you start having issues with weak points (the joints) the deeper you go. The deeper the weaker. It's just simple physics. Pressure and joints equals weakness. That's why so many subs are cylindars with minimum of exterior joints. Many rov's are more round. A lot of experimental subs are orbs/round with minimum joints and viewing windows are a luxury. That's why MOST have external cameras to show you what's outside and NOT "viewing" windows at those depths.
Forgive me for liking proper grammar, but around 7:08 "had went ahead" should have been "had gone ahead."  You may have done well in law school, but you seem to have failed 5th grade English.
If you are going to board an uncertified vessel that doesn't conform to stringent industry standards the waiver should also include a clause that stipulates; rescue services will not look for you in the event of an emergency.
If the window was only rated for 1300 meters doesn't that already instantly invalidate all waivers? That in itself means they knowingly lied every time they said that the sub can safely dive to 4000 meters.
I am sorry the people died, no one deserved to die. I feel like that waiver spelled it pretty clear and those on board knew what they were getting into. Stockton certainly knew the dangers, but felt it was safe enough that he went.
I’m not a religious man, but lightning striking the sub sounds like a sign of some kind
I mean. Surely. If you went skydiving and the parachutes they gave you were made on site using an unconventional mechanism and parts that will not protect you. You could sue or whoever would sue on behalf of your corpse. I see no difference in what Oceangate did especially when prior users days before experienced near death misses
5 down, ~2700 billionaires to go 🙃
Did they at least get a quick peek at the Titanic before their  heads were instantly crushed??
People didn't "Pay" to go on the trip. They "donated" to another establishment, because it's illegal to charge for a sea coffin without getting it looked at for safety.
These extreme things sound like the stupid shit my wife signs us up for without telling me first.
Here's the thing about the liability waiver: they're looking at a class action lawsuit of billionaires. They can hire the best lawyers in the world. If there is an argument to crush OceanGate, OceanGate will be crushed.
Stockton Rush got what he deserved. Hoisted on his own petard as it were. His passengers, on the other hand, relied on his absurd assurances to their detriment.   But either way the company is dead. I may lack the necessary imagination but I can't fathom it having assets to pay oit any claims or continue as a going concern.
It's a slam-dunk case as far as I'm concerned. Rush was told BY HIS LEAD ENGINEER that he is going kill others and himself. Rush fired him and ignored the warning.  The engineer does the homework to save people's lives. That is literally their job.
Stockton Rush complained that the industry was too safe.
18:33 - That's the actual letter? They put that paragraph into the body twice because it was that important that it was worth repeating. That seems like it's important even if it is a typo.
Wow that back and forth. Ominous now
Freedom is when no government regulations >:(
You're awesome. I learn so much from you. Learning the law and rules that are out there are fascinating. Thank you. Hope these families find some peace.
things to avoid
And this, boys and girls, is why regulations are necessary. Those who went on the trip either opposed that concept...or don't understand it...and they paid the ultimate price.
Fundamental question: *What can you waive?*
Based James Cameran Thor jersey
@4:22 "That's really just the tip of the _iceberg._ " I see what you did there lol
It was only a matter of time, they killed billionaires.
"outlier" is just cute way of covering up risky gambles.
Rich people suing company lol
What I learned from this event is a classic lesson that with great money comes no responsibility.
It should’ve been obvious that piloting a dumpster with a game controller was gonna fail. It’s like expecting an ice cube to stay cold after it’s sent to the sun
They literally got rid of the only guy that knew what he was doing and had College Interns design the Submersible. NASA should be investigated sure they denied any involvement but so did the University of Washington that the College Interns came from.
Here would be my question of how gross negligence is interpreted:  If the evidence is damning enough to say that OceanGate is found grossly negligent, but potential passengers could also look up quickly online as to how (un)safe the vehicle was.......could they not be found grossly negligent as well and then everything cancels out?  I feel like this is a "takes two to tango" situation.
What a world !!   We all know about this. How about giving it a rest and having some consideration for the Families whohave lost loved ones.  You are bringing nothing new to the table.
So, what will the aim of the law suit be? Will they be seeking to gain access to assets of the company in order to claw back money/lost of the earnings of the people lost in this tragic incident? Since the proud fool in charge is already at the bottom of the ocean, I fear that there won't be much value in the company that will come close to paying for what families have lost in this tragedy. Rest in peace to those lost at sea.
I’ve seen a hugely worrying trend in management attitudes in my field (healthcare) over the past few decades, and assume it’s prevalent in other industries too. It’s very much that perfectly exemplified by OceanGate - sensible realism has become synonymous with extreme pessimism, and optimism to delusional levels is the only attitude permissible. When that’s paired with blunting the teeth of regulators, or allowing people to operate without regulation, disaster is inevitable.
This is the tragedy we will not forget. In a world of murders, mass killings and the such that we barely notice in everyday news, this just felt different somehow.
Is there anything left to sue? What assets did the company have? Their only asset imploded two miles down. It really seems to me that beyond the shouting and an official investigation or two, it's all over.
Absolutely no tack to push your sponsor on this video lost me!
Negligent. The craft wasn't suitable to dive to deep depths. Justice and safety.
Anyone else freaked out by footage of these people that you know died one of the most gruesome deaths imaginable? I don't know, I feel so weird looking at interview footage of them knowing how their bodies must have ended up.
The Segway into brilliant ads are getting blackadder levels
That will be complicated lawsuit.
If a controller loses connection  with the pc as you hold down you what have you it keeps doing it until u reboot
its submersible not submersivles
This made me seriously reconsider shipping a deep-sea sub I built for mice out of a Pringles container. It was also struck by lightning.
Naming your vessel "The Titan" is like naming your space ship "The Challenge"
I hope the whistleblower sues since he has been proven correct.
STOCKTON RUSH is a ridiculous name. I blame his parents.
I just don't understand why anyone would get into that sub , I mean the red flags on that submersible would put the CCP to shame , it didn't even have seats ffs . These people paid 250k to sit on the floor like they were in kindergarten .
Every WA resident I know heard the submersible was built in Everett and said "Oh, well, that's your problem right there."  Everett's well-known in the Seattle metro area for being shady AF.  I can't see how this could be anything other than gross negligence and I hope OceanGate goes under paying out to families from four different countries for four different lawsuits.
You had enough money to look into this before you did it if you're dumb enough to know that sub you the deserve what might happen.
How about the FACT that the company that made the window would NOT certify the window for the depth that the vessel was going? THAT seems to be an important point of negligence on the vessel and by Oceangate. A very important point. The weakest point of the vessel. The most likely failure spot as well. I'm not even an engineer and I can tell you that.
Titan was made of three dissimilar materials: carbon fiber, titanium, plexiglass.
Purely as a Devils advocate, using an analogy : A person may choose to go skydiving with a company that make their own parachutes from cobbled together materials. There is ample evidence available in the form of media coverage that the chutes are not made to a regulatory standard. As such, assuming the person has reasonable intelligence (enough to afford the otherwise prohibitively expensive cost) to make a reasonable decision. Do they not bear some responsibility for their decisions and actions?
And this is why it took 8 hours to contact authorities because they were on the phone to lawyers…
Favorite part of Legal Eagle is the proper use of eagle call
Any notion that wealthy people are smart has now been crushed....😮
Am I tripping ? Is this meet Kevin with a disguise?
Stockton got what he deserved. He was an anti-White and very arrogant.
It’s always a bad sign when everyone with a passing knowledge of engineering starts throwing every red flag they can find to anyone who will listen and whistle blowers start getting fired. Also “cost cutting” and 2 miles under the ocean should never be in the same sentence.
How is ocean gate gonna be sued when each participant signed a document stating that they were going to embarking on a dangerous voyage that could lead to there death and unfortunately it did, but they all signed it, so Ocean gate is safe from being sued by any of the victims family’s
I love capitalism.
"This is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the BlackBerry" - And much like early iphones, if you so much as *look* at it too strongly, it cracks.
Internet Historian is going to have a great time covering this one.
Going to space is a dangerous activity but you can't just shoot people in the sky by fitting them in cheap cannons  just because they signed a contract lol.
Ya think?
I would rather be a on the arora headed towards 4546b then do business with oceangate  (There is a very specific reason why i made that reference)
Rush was on a suicide mission, and wanted people with him on his journey towards death. That's murder plain & simple.
This thing got struck by lightning as if God himself was saying its a bad idea and they went ahead anyway.
I for one hope ocean gate gets barred from operating in international and domestic waters with any cargo or passengers onboard. Similar to how an airport can't operate without an appropriate license from the FAA in the us.
So there were no hints of potential disaster. Check.
"OceanGate gate" is inevitable, if not already heard here and there.
A waiver does not negate negligence. I believe that is a pretty firm legal concept.
I think that too many commentators have focused on the hubris of Ocean Gate or the wealth of the victims. I haven't seen too many people frame it as emblematic of the entire adventure tourism industry. There are literally thousands of these experiences from bungee jumps costing tens of dollars to deep sea excursions costing hundreds of thousands. I don't really have an overarching comment, but I was glad you did take some time to explore this aspect of it.
A waiver is one thing - but that does not allow anyone else to abdicate their Duty of Care.   Gross negligence will be the finding.
On the point of jurisdiction, English law grants the High Court of England and Wales extra-territorial jurisdiction in civil claims arising from the death of a person ordinarily resident in England and Wales. Though such proceedings don’t always operate under English law – e.g. if the court decides Bahamian law is applicable, then it will consider the relevant questions of Bahamian law as questions of fact in English law (and hear expert evidence in the usual way) but that is subject to caveats in respect of positions that would be unconscionable or contrary to public policy in English law.
The FACT that the guy wouldn't even pick up the passengers but made a dingy bring the passengers out to international waters should tell you that this guy (and company) KNEW that they were operating dangerously.
If you go sky diving, you expect that the company running things would do all the safety checks necessary to make sure the equipment is safe and that everything that can be done within reason is done to keep its clients safe. If you jump out that plane and find out your parachute is full of holes because the company was buying second-hand parachutes so they can save money, then yeah they should be liable. It shouldn't matter how many death wavers people sign if the company is cutting corners and putting people at raisk. Everything Rush did was to save money at the cost of safety. Ocean Gate are 100% responsible for this disaster.
I would never sign some shit like that.
So, the limited liability act lets the ship's owner preemptively file suit, but what if they dont? Lets say one of the victims acts really fast and files a suit and serves it before the  company lawyers even roll out of bed. What happens then?
Thanks a good video.  Heads will roll on this one.  I have seen the Real Engineering video -- brought chills.
I wonder how long it took the titanic to sink to the bottom?
I am no lawyer, but not attempting to certify the vessel, admitting to the use of experimental or unsuitable material, and claiming the risks could not be eliminated sure sounds like a reasonable basis for future claims and lawsuits. Did they violate the law? Did they exercise due diligence? Were they lying when they said they were powerless to eliminate the risks? And no matter what the waiver says, it sure seems anything discovered after the incident could prove gross negligence, and nullify anything signed before the accident, since the passengers had no way of knowing if the company was even telling the truth.
If only Rush was read up on the story of Icarus and how his hubris led him to drown in the middle of the ocean
I know this might be morbid but I really hope that the passengers got to see the Titanic before they died. It was their dream and I really hope they saw it but I'm not sure that they were deep enough when the implosion happened. May they rest in peace.
I'm not sure about giving millionaires more millions for making stupid choices.
Its kind of stupid that they want to sue people over stocktons call, he's dead, you dont sue people over a suicide, its nobody else's fault and thats exactly what the waiver explained to those who made their decisions
Oceangate-gate
I recognized the website layout of some of  your sources as The Daily Mail. I strongly advise against using them as a key source. Wikipedia no longer allows them to be cited as a source on their website due to the paper's unreliability from 2017. Steer clear Devin, steer clear. x
So some self-aggrandising narcissistic millionaires died in a wasteful adventure. The human race is improved by their demise. Classic Darwinism.
Remember the first week after this happened all the news was "the passengers wouldn't have known they were going to die" But now we know the hull would of been squeaking more and more AND the Plexi glass would have been crackling as they say , those souls knew they're fate But the media and "experts" agreed they couldn't have known  Why would the media and experts  lie like that unless they had something to lose.....
Its so fascinating how people in the US can get away with stuff like this since security is not considered standard and the fact they could buy off someone who warned them it was dangerous. That said, the ones who died had it coming. no mercy from me to them, especially when they were warned in their waiver.
Nah I don’t think they should be allowed to sue , you tried to go visit the titanic …..at the bottom of the sea floor you knew damn well before going there’s a high likelihood of death
This incident will serve as a warning to all rich guru’s who want to pursue any deep sea diving in the future that they can’t just cut corners in any capacity to keep as much of their wealth as possible..  & this incident will also have not just entire paragraphs but *ENTIRE CHAPTERS* will be dedicated to this cautionary tale of dangerous lethal egotistical ignorance in the current written Deep Sea Exploration legislations laws & will be heavily used in the deep Sea Divers Ed videos..
I normally have to speed up youtube videos - this guy talks so fast I had to slow it down to .75%.
What good is a "huge warning" when you're that deep? You can't surface fast enough to avoid the window breaking completely. Plus, don't you have to have stops on the way up to decompress on a dive that deep? I know that deep water divers who work on oil rigs often stay down at the bottom in a compression chamber with helium/oxygen mix (not sure if nitrogen is also mixed in) then change shifts but I thought that they had to have stops on the way back up to get the nitrogen out of their systems. Wouldn't that be the same here?
Im pretty sure the navigation system wasnt the problem though...
its the idiots fault who signed the waiver and after seeing the amount of jerry-rigged parts yet still went in.
The fact OceanGate thinks they can profit off bringing passengers to a depth in the sea that isn’t survivable, in a bum “submarine”, for profit. Is like bringing the dinosaurs back for profit. Hope they do get majorly sued!
You can't get blood from a turnip,  it's obvious that there is nothing to recover,  by the desperation of the owner selling seats at a last minute at a discount they were obviously starved for cash. The only people that will make money are the lawyers who convince the plaintiffs to sue and go out of pocket in doing so.
I'll put this bluntly: Rush was an idiot. Now he is a dead idiot.  Who could have thought that Health and Safety regulations exists for a bloody reason... 🤯
Good thing they didn't hire too many 50-something white males.
As well they should (be sued)
Could the case be made that Rush fully believed in the sub's safety because he was onboard and basically bet his own life on it, and therefore wasn't grossly negligent?
Seems like profit-seeking Capitalism killed these people.
He sure "Rushed" the construction of the submersible, huh?
Was the “just the tip of the iceberg”, a sly nod to the Titanic, or just an accident?
When I first heard the company name "Oceangate", I seriously thought that the media had called this tragedy "Oceangate" like "Pizzagate" or "Watergate". I was surprised to find out that the man had named his company with a "scandalousish" (not a real word) name. It still feels like "Oceangate" is the name of the tragedy and not the name of the company. It's so awkward. Am I the only one who thinks this?
Why TF would The Bahamas have any jurisdiction ?  the Titanic sunk closest to Newfoundland didn't it ? Which is Canadian is it not ?
The CEO was confident enough to go in for dive and die. The waiver was super explicit. Thus the onus is on passengers and there is no lawsuit.
I really don't see what the big problem with the OceanGate stuff is, the guy had an idea, thought it was good along with some people who had nothing better to do with their money, they went in the sub it failed, killing everyone, we have learned several things from this, such as a carbon fiber sub is not a good idea, people will pay to die, and the owner of OceanGate was so confident, he died with his creation. Families can be pissy all they want but the guys still paid against any objections from the familes to go off and die, let that sink in. Sounds like those dudes hated their familes. and paid 250k to go down 4000 feet to see a sunken ship wreck in a questionable carbon fiber coffin to get some peace and quiet.
By most accounts, Stockton Rush was trying to save money at every turn. That doesn't sound like a company that was flush with cash. With Rush gone, we don't know who, if anyone, even has a financial interest in the company who may want to step forward to hire lawyers to defend the company. And that assumes that the company has any assets worth suing for. If the suing lawyers can break through the corporate veil and get at Rush's personal assets, who knows what if anything he has. In my experience, entrepreneurs like Rush beg and borrow every last penny to fulfill their dreams. IMHO, any judgement, if this even gets to court, is likely to be a dry ( pardon the pun ) judgement. ie, the plaintiffs will get legal bill and nothing else. Otherwise, this was a great video.
I feel that when you’re traveling into a place inimical to human life you almost can’t go too far ensuring safety.  It’s not like they could’ve left the sub to fix anything or escape: their lives were absolutely dependent on the integrity of the sub.
"Reiss says (the Titan) lost communication...on each of the four trips he took..."?!?! That's insanity. Like the very definition of insanity. Along with all the other prior passengers' statements equating to "I knew something was wrong"! It's really hard for me to find any sympathy for the lost passengers EXCEPT for the 19 year old, Suleman Dawood. The rest all wanted a thrilling "expedition".
The article by the New Yorker is really great. I read it shortly after they published it. I love this video too thanks for the legal perspective. I hope the families of the deceased are able to get compensated. This was a completely preventable disaster.
Okay, things were going wrong – and yet he went down 3 times? .... Eejit.
Who knew how right McCallum was going to be? McCallum knew. He had experience AND history AND industry standards on his side.
OceanGate getting sued? No way! I never saw this coming.
CEO Father Ted
Regardless where it is because of gross negligence they are at fault and this is beyond a reasonable doubt.
Nixon had Watergate, not surprised that trump gets Oceangate....
Instead of gambling with money, they decided it was more exciting to gamble with people’s lives.  The tone that is used to scoff at safety concerns calls to mind the hubris punished by the Gods of Ancient Greece.
Rush was definitely on the delusional side. He genuinely believed he was revolutionizing deep sea exploration in spite of the 10 billion red flags and warning sirens blaring around him. Otherwise he would not have set one toe inside that death trap. It would have been amusing for him to have met such an ironic fate inside his own junkyard sub if he hadn't taken the lives of 4 other people with him. Gross negligence is definitely what this should be ruled as, actively ignoring safety standards to make more money at the expense of safety and reliability because you think you're above experts and the laws of physics.
stockton rush 🤣🤣 now he’s a forever meme lmfao
Yeah...but isn't wrong (maybe illegal) to mislead the public (and passengers) that both NASA and Boeing were somehow involved in the building of said vessel? Boeing said they had never given them advice (and never even been contacted by them/him) and NASA said that they had only answered some questions over the phone. That seems like that opens a loophole to me.
Who knew buying stuff from Walmart to build a sub was a bad idea?
I don’t care what kind of legal ju-jitsu is done on paper, nothing should be able to protect the company if death is involved.
Very good video.  This guy skirted his way around the law. I hope he doesn't get away with it.
I find it hard to feel sympathy for the people who died using a clearly inferior submersible that was designed to achieve the bare minimum performance while cutting as many corners as possible.  If someone agrees to get plastic surgery from someone using a old steak knife while in the back of a moving vehicle…and they end up dying as a result of their choice then it’s not a tragedy, it’s expected🤷🏾‍♂️  If you make a conscious decision to do something dangerously life threatening while cutting corners and being reckless, then you’re obviously relying on luck rather than logic and there’s no point me caring about your life more than you do.   Loss of life is always unfortunate but sometimes it’s easy to accept when it’s the expected result.   If you slap a tiger then get mauled nobody is surprised and it reflects on your reckless nature, this submarine situation has that same energy.  Am I supposed to feel bad for the wannabe astronaut that dies trying to go to space strapped to the outside of a rocket too?🤔🤨🤦🏾‍♂️
9:32 Every-time I go to Sushi Hanna it’s a “take it’s or leave it” proposition. The toilet always gets a raw deal.
The clues were always in the names. "Titan" is 2 letter short of "Titanic" and the name of a fictional ship in 1898 of a ship called "Titan" which struck an iceberg ans sank on its maiden voyage. OceanGATE with the scandalous suffix. Finally RushING to cut corners.  The CEO was a Captain Ahab pursuing Moby Dick possessed of a demonic passion and was a danger to himself and others.
This ENTIRE story is beyond bizarre and surreal. The name of the CEO and the company, the waivers, the protocols (or lack of protocols), the billionaires who signed up for this, the lack of regulations and oversight, and so many other minor details
Oceangate-gate
Imagine thinking that you as an individual could solve a problem that the us navy has been chasing a solution for for at least 15 years. I hope the lawsuits bring out enough information for us to truly judge the system they used
If he didn't go on the Titan himself, I would have thought of him as lazy and malicious. Since he did, I think he's just stupid.
Describing James Cameron in this context as just a director is SEVERELY mischaracterizing his expertise in this area.
They all need to be arrested for negligence.
The passengers paid for their vanity
Firing their engineer because they claimed it was unsafe and ignoring warnings is a pretty clear gross negligence.
Huh, I have a tie with that exact colour and pattern, I don't wear it often but it's one of my favourites.
where is blair
The fact that he wanted the accounting director to pilot the submersible, after firing the expert, and suing him for reporting safety concerns will prove disastrous for them in court... .
IT WAS STRUCK BY LIGHTNING??!!
Imagine having so much money yet signing that document… proper evidence that money and brains do not go together a lot of times
Big YAWN
that segway lol
Ten out of Ten engineers would agree that this is gross negligence.
As someone who's been married to a lawyer (now a member of the judiciary) for over 20 years: law is never simple, regardless of what you might like to think.  Something I like to do is ask people, who express an opinion about the courts and the legal system, whether they would take medical advice from me. (I'm an engineer that writes computer software.) Obviously, they wouldn't: I'm not a trained medical professional. The inevitable next question is: why would the opinion of somebody who's not a trained legal specialist be relevant?  They usually don't like that metaphor.  Thanks for shedding light on the legal aspects of this issue, and what all the complications are.
14:45 using a carbon fiber laminate for a submersible that is loaded in compression to transport humans is foolishness.  To not do full scale static testing, fatigue testing, nor non-destructive testing on such a vehicle and still proceed is criminal. The one blessing in all of this is that the CEO who was responsible for this behavior was on the sub and can no longer harm anyone else.
Half refund. Got about halfway there
STOCKton RUSH being the owner of OCEANGATE is like a criminal called “Muhr-Der McCrime”
1:15 THIS summer… BACK the BLUE has a WHOLE new meaning… “BAHAMA LAW: It’s 5 O’clock SOMEWHERE”.
Hmmmmm... another case of someone trying to bypass regulations going wrong. Hmmmmm... Its almost like regulations exist for a reason! HMMMMMMMMMMM...
Quick question… for what money? And their survivors are already billionaires and they probably signed insane waivers before going.
I swear every time I come back to see a legal eagle video I feel like he aged a good 10+ years.
Rush is a reference to Roblox Doors
It all just sounds like they knew what they were doing was a bad idea, and constructed their own legal barricade to hide behind, I hope it fails miserably and their shut down permanently. Followed by new regulations being made for all submersible craft and the like having to be inspected and so forth regardless of size and number of passengers.
Darwin awards for rich idiots?   The world would be a better place if Oceangate resumed operations.
Today I learned something important. And that is that New Found Land is pronounced as nyoo fn land.... I will still read and speak it as it originally was 😆
Aren't all these people who died incredibly wealthy? I would want some legal accountability and regulation more than anything.
Every single politician who complains about "burdensome regulations " is doing so at the behest of very wealthy people who feel they shouldn't have to follow the rules that govern the rest of us. This is a rare case of one of them paid for their hubris and negligence with their lives.
I find it odd that he was charging 250,000, being that 250,000 x 4 = 1,000,000 so basically he probably felt like he was making a million dollars for a 2 mile trip underwater which doesn’t seem very far in terms of distance, but in terms of the weight of water above you, that’s gnarly
For 250k a pop you'd think they could get at least a better wired controller....
Clearly he didn't believe he was being  negligent because he died on board also 😂
A feeding frenzy - and nothing to eat
He clearly knew that ship shouldn't have been down there and he went anyway I hope the families can sue the crap out of ocean gate.
It all doesn’t matter to some degree as this could be drawn out for years in the courts
"Inadvertent side effects may include moderate to severe death."
At the end of the day Rush is now being eaten by sea life and shat out as a useless idiot he was
There's actually nothing wrong with using off the shelf parts as long as they're sufficiently tested/understood and idealy have redundancy and it almost certainly wasn;t a failure of an off the shelf part that caused the implosion but a failure of a one off custom engineered part.
In a waiver, if any part of the waiver is invalid, does the entire waiver become invalid? Or is the invalid part taken out, but the rest of the waiver still applies?
The acoustic system clip you used to back up the “crackle” of the acrylic porthole was used incorrectly. The acoustic monitoring system referred to in the video was a system Rush had set up to monitor the carbon fiber part of the hull. Same principle, once cracking is heard it’s too late. But the way the clip is used is misleading. (Starts around 5:19).   Thought you guys would have done a *little* more research for a legal station…
Everything about this screams it was planned and put together by a bunch of id^ots. Bluetooth and a XBOX controller? Really???
It seems like they spent more effort making the waiver watertight than they did their deathsub.
This is such a disgusting situation.  Not only the careless loss of life but the fact that there's all these people who knew this was gonna happen but did nothing about it.
i feel like this entire affair shows just how poor our legal system is at protecting people and meting out actual justice, the entire submersible industry tried so hard to prevent stockton from hurting people, and yet, here we are.
Legal Eagle. It there's a successful lawsuit, who or what entity is going to do the paying? There's no insurance and I'd be surprised if there were any assets worth very much at all. You comments appreciated.
Why are there NO photos of the five before they boarded
Don't forget Canada has it's own process and is very much involved.
Interesting discussion , am in cairnsQLD AUSTRALIA  we left the Lonergans out there ! In those shark waters ; what happens to that lawsuit? Can you look 👀 into it?
The two most terrifying words in aviation are "homebuilt helicopter" and the two scariest words in marine engineering are "uncertified submersible".  Eternal Father, strong to save,  Whose arm hath bound the restless wave,  Who bid'st the mighty ocean deep  Its own appointed limits keep;  O hear us when we cry to Thee,  For those in peril on the sea.  The only redeeming factor in this whole tragedy is that Rush was onboard. He built that deathtrap. He fired people who wanted to make it safe. He took shortcuts. He put other people's lives at risk. If he had not been onboard, it's almost a guarantee that he would have found a way to blame the crew for the destruction of his submarine. He would have found a way to build another and continue to risk other's lives. This tragedy stops all that. It's horrific that he had to take some innocent and courageous people with him, but at least those will be the last people he kills.
I didn't know OceanGate's headquarters were so close to where I live, I've got to say that's definitely one of the biggest shames of Washington.
With all due respect.....anyone who read this waiver, signed it and got into that sub was..........NUTS.
Surely Ocean Gate will simply close itself down.  You can’t sue a company that no longer exists.
Very interesting vid. I'd like to make the point that not everyone is native English.. therefore just speak slower.. thx
That incident is the perfect example of why commercial space travel is taking so long.
Thunderf00t also explains the hull issue in huge detail.
I wonder, If OceanGate was a U.S based company, if the safety issues would be OSHA Violation as there is a decent sized crew that works on their vessels above and below water.
I work at a parcel delivery service company. We have these diverters that divert flow to us My supervisor keeps pushing my diverter too far forward dropping packages on me. Can I Sue for discrimination or harassment? I've brought it up to my shop steward. And she says I'm sure hes not trying to hurt you. How do we know?
When you think about it, the Titan accident made the same mistakes as the Titanic that caused people to die.   Thomas Andrews was the Titanic's architect who designed a ship to carry 60 lifeboats. Andrews wanted a minimum of 40 lifeboats, Brain Ismay, the owner of the White Star Line, wanted 20 lifeboat. Andrews challenged Ismay on the lifeboat numbers, but Ismay thought that too many lifeboat would look too cluttered. By the way, the Titanic was up to code with the lifeboat regulations at the time.  Richard Stockton Rush III ignored people beneath his authority about safety concerns the same way Ismay ignored safety concerns about the Titanic.
5:30 real engineering is talking jere about the carbon fiber main hull, not the acrylic window.  Plexi is not a bad material for a sub, the problem was the max depth it was certified for.
My parents are the sort of peoplev that think we over regulate in the USA... But without them, more business would do stuff like this, IMO. Businesses claim they can self-regulate, but consistently prove that they will put profits over anything, even in this case the CEO's own safety.
I loved this presentation, thank you. I usually hate the parts where the sponsor gets their plug ( i know it's how i get to see this for free!) but your introduction to the Brilliant sponsor had me in stitches!!!
I’m just so sorry that the passengers had anywhere from a few seconds to likely *20 minutes* to be afraid for their life. What a horrible nightmare.
Can I Sue the school board? Because they allowed a mentally challenged kid in our class. Who distracted everybody and kept us from learning. He would walk around the class, take a shirt off. Make noises purposely spill liquid on the floor and then he would keep walking around, and he would fake, slip in it and lie on the ground and cry and hold this knee.
Imagine that your legacy is a failed invention, death and lots of lawsuits.
FWIW: the eagle shriek you use as a sound effect for the legal eagles  spot is not an eagle at all, but in fact, a red-tailed hawk.
No shit Sherlock
Rush was onboard himself and died.  He must have had reasonable confidence that it was safe. He had also made multiple dives to Titanic before. So it DID work. He might have underestimated the cumulative  effect of multiple stresses.
My question is; who is even left to sue? The founder, owner and CEO is dead and the company is effectively dead too, no one is ever going to hire them again even if they still had a sub.
About the Titanic (the ocean liner) it had some of the most advanced safety techs of the time, what happened for it to sink and so many people die needed a bunch of unusual circumstances to happen at once.
I don't like this channel because it's woke and dishonest about President Trump.
The fact that the company is literally called “OceanGate” makes this whole situation ten times more absurd
How come everyone leaves out the part of the waiver that states the craft is "experimental" and a work in progress, and it states the craft uses "carbon fiber that is widely criticized for use in submersibles"?? It made it clear what the risks were in the trip, the craft, and its construction. It also states that the signers are not "clients or passengers", but they are "mission specialists, participants on the expedition" of said experimental sub.
And "rapid innovation" was anathema to them building a proper vessel.
Grammar correction: "had went ahead" - and you a lawyer! It's "had GONE ahead"
There is constant mention of the "video game controller", but that is honestly the most reasonable part of the entire design setup. There is literally nothing wrong with using a video game console controller for anything, but a sub that implodes has other issues.
12:00 I'm a certified scuba diver- I worked with a PADI-certified shop. They did things very strangely- they trained us in a pool, then immediately went to the Hood Canal- but they didmake sure that we all had proper gear, that we could use it, and the first thing they taught us was to ditch gear in case of an emergency ascent. The more I heard about that story, the worse it got.  That was bordering on criminal negligence, and I'm glad there was some closure for the family.
I’d like to know, why by not simply entering the vessel,  voluntarily allowing the door to close, being ok with the vessel submerging , and not objecting any further whilst carrying on as not a black & white , cut and dry behavioral act of consenting and acknowledging of the risks. Don’t actions speak louder than words. 😅
Plot Twist, no billionaires were on that sub and it was all smoke and mirrors to keep our attention away from what the government is up to. And the billionaires are now living free somewhere else
Appreciate the insight from John Hamm. What a guy. Actor and legal expert. What can't he do.
3:35 Taking someones safety concerns as a personal insult is the exact opposite of good engineering...
shocking news :p
How will the waiver work for life insurance policies any of the passengers had?
Very cool to be living in the era of billionaire assholes doing whatever they want and we all sit around acting powerless about it.
14:56  Is it just me, or is there a bolt missing from the nose cap at the 10 o'clock position?
'the tip of the iceberg'? I loved it!
What about criminal charges?
I thought since its an American company they are subjected to the laws of not only the US but also Bahamas since they also died there?
9:57 Oregon is a weird place? Never would've guessed.
I doubt Stockton Rush will be held accountable as he was crushed into a fine paste
Great video!!! But…submersivle…🤦🏻‍♂️😄
The self ad was pretty funny albeit smart Oceangate may get sued, hire us!
I am sad Rush died, he deserved to live only to be told every day "SaFeTy Is OVerRaTed"
Josh Gates passed after being on it, Josh is fairly goofy , so if he passed I wouldn't get in it
We've been expecting this one.
Real Engineering's assessment really is incredible. Well worth watching.
CALLED, IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is a webcomic character I swear is modeled after this guy
The reporter who went on a dive and showed  & read parts of the waiver then  signed it anyway stated it even said your relatives couldn't sue. Every other sentenced mentioned death. The waiver even stated you were not considered a guest or tourist while aboard you were now considered an employee or temporary "label" and that those persons couldn't sue because of that condition. His video is an episode of CBS Sunday Morning show .here on YouTube
The hull was CARBON FIBER???????? That already sounds incredibly dodgy, carbon fiber will just shatter if not built incredibly well esp at such high pressures.
Thing is, the titanium end caps and the carbon fibre hull constrict different amounts while under pressure. A lot of the cracking sounds was probably the glue (yes glue) holding them together actually cracking since they were moving different amounts.
In other words; water is wet
It's OceanGateGate.
LegalEagle thinks I didn't notice him saying three trips when the Simpson's writer wrote they took four.  But I did.
Lol. He's not an innovator. He's just a tinkerer who doesn't actually know what he's doing.  Oblivious to simple physics but real engineering challenges.  He's really just a gambler.
So the tin can and duct tape sub that used an off-brand game controller for steering was completely unsafe? Wow, shocking.
its hard to prosecute someone when main guy is dead . am i close.
All this tell us is that Stockton was a piece of shit human and the world is actually better off without him.
OceanGate is quite literally the textbook example of what gross negligence stands for. If they cant sue the living shit out of them, the system has failed. :)
Hubris, Capitalism and Darwin meet, for a brief, tragic Waltz.    Needless loss of life.
The one thing that’s made the most sense in 2023
Everyone who died was exceptionally wealthy. They can afford to employ teams of the best lawyers in the world. You better believe somebody is getting sued into oblivion. If you screw up and kill billionaires no disclaimer in the world is going to save you.
Submarine trips to the Titanic are rapidly becoming the new rich prick tourism industry the same way climbing Mount Everest did decades ago. Hundreds of private firms are developing breakthroughs in private submersible technology.   None of that tech or expertise went into the death tube those 6 rich assholes died in. A billionaire built a vanity project out of erector set pieces and called it a submarine.   The private submersible industry has always put safely first and foremost. Oceangate isn't a real submersible company. It's a cry for attention from a libertarian who thought he knew better, and was proven wrong. Shell companies started by libertarian billionaires to enter an industry they have no business in deserve to be shut down.
The Real Engineering video was really good. Definitely recommend watching.  Stockton Rush seemed to grossly diminish the risk the sub actually posed to those travelling with him. In addition to the obvious attempts to evade liability with the whole not-really-passengers thing and multiple experts and regulatory bodies warnings surely that constitutes gross negligence and reckless disregard for human life. If the waiver says one thing, but he’s telling them another that’s pretty damning.
As one who faced the loss of a parent to malpractice it was a process which only certainly cost money with no good guarantee of even return on expense.
I'd be willing to bet that moments after Rush was declared dead, his widow starting moving money offshore. Or, at least; getting it hidden in some fashion. My guess is that if anything hangs that dead prick, it is his public statement that safety was a hindrance. Ill advised remark from a common huckster.
Tip of the iceberg??? Lol...
More like Stockton CRUSH
at one point during the video you say 3 but the text in the document says 4
Darn... Imagine being so entitled rich you would not just think that international law doesn't apply to you, but that you also get to do whatever you want even if it's against the laws of physics...
Yeah I'd say using a window approved for like 10,000 feet short of where you're going constitutes "gross" negligence. These are rich people who expect their children to generate very high income.. If they sue for millions, that's just going after lost investment. All the schools they "donated" to to get their little idiot the business connects from an elite education, all the character-enriching eco-tourism vacations, all the plastic surgery to trick someone into marrying them. That's real investment they expected to be returned.
I mean, how pointless is this waiver anyways? If anything happens, you're dead regardless so...LOL
You could say the engineering of the Titan submersible was... sub-standard. (Don't ban me)
Imagine if we spent as much time and money trying to prevent the everyday deaths of poverty, disease, hunger happening right now, as we did on this tiny group of idiots.
It's sounds like oceangates founder was not as smart as he thought he was.
The issue with the submarine was really not anything other than the hull as far as I can see. Using the (say) controls as evidence of negligence (or similar) is the kind of roman insipidity only a lawyer could come up with - using cheap (read: easily replaced, well tested) off the shelf components on the inside is a relatively smart play.
So, on top of everything, they were commiting fraud?
Rush may have lived with a hidden death wish. It exists.. and what's more, some people with a death wish (or an obsession with death) do not wish to die alone..
Neat
I’m honestly less upset about it than I normally would be because the (allegedly) negligent inventor was on board and croaked, too, when the thing imploded due to improper construction and safety testing. He faced the consequences of his own actions in a very, very real way. Not often you see instant karma like that.
When you realize that someone took multiple trips in the machine that turn humans into toothpaste, that is a special kind of chilling...
He also didn't want to hire 50yr old "white guys" to pilot the sub; diversity hires in action right here.
I love this channel so much, it almost makes me wish I had decided to become a lawyer instead of a nurse lol
I wonder if instead of negligence, they can sue on strict liability for manufacturer’s product liability.
Thank you Legal Eagle. Years ago I went skydiving and signed and signed and initialed and initialed and signed some more and then initialed some more before completing the waiver of liability they gave me before my first jump. I assumed this waiver was beyond rock solid and completely unbreachable. Some time later I learned that the Drop Zone operators didn't expect the waiver to do anything other than keep injured people from speaking to a lawyer. I'm guessing that their lawyer explained the difference between negligence and gross negligence, but it sailed over their heads and left them thinking the waiver was legally useless. Now after 3.5 decades of curiosity I think I finally understand what was going on.
I love how multiple rich people are like "This thing is so poorly put together!!" followed by "I had issues ALL THREE TIMES I WENT" .......... All. Three. Times.
I think Stockton Rush was mentally ill. He had a God complex that prevented him from seeing reality. You can see it in his eyes, and his swagger.
Situations like this are _exactly_ why you can't waive gross neglience or recklessness or above. Waviers exist in case of accidents, acts of God, or unforseeable malfunctions; for example, if a whale had eaten the sub à la Jonah. This goes well beyond simple negligence and, I would argue, into gross  recklessness.
Such a great video, as always! I also learnt a new word 'unconscionable' . 💪
Some say this is just act of vanishing and changing identity You know fake death
One of the most surprising things to me about this tragedy is the number of people afterward who claim to have given up their seats for this trip. An awful lot of them seemed to have safety concerns. As always virtually everyone involved in these kinds of undersea adventures in retrospect wish they had said something publicly. Several of them have been much deeper, obviously in different submersibles.
Wait, it's actually CALLED oceangate? It's not just a nickname for the scandal?
What I would like to know if OceanGate could/should be facing criminal liability from their actions here.
Interesting that the owners comments ("safer than crossing the road") don't match the waiver small print.  I've often wondered if verbal assurances can negate the printed contract.  For example, I'm sure people paying for Musk's full self driving (FSD) sign a contract with small print that clearly states it does not fully self drive.  However, Musk has stood on a stage (years ago) and stated that it is "financially insane" not to buy his cars because owners will soon be able to send them out to earn "$30K" a year as a "Robotaxi".  Can he/Tesla be sued?
Knowing that the CEO proverbially (and literally) went down with the ship just gives me the sense that it's just a tragedy of hubris. I have no personal connection with this case but I wouldn't find any judgment to be satisfying in light of that fact.
The number of experts throwing up red flags about the sub should completely disqualify the company from using a waiver to escape liability. It's a shame the guy most responsible for this disaster when down with his creation, but anyone that stayed with the company through all the signs and warnings shares some liability.
Jeeez...tell us youre a greedy bastard who doesnt give a crap how many people you hurt or kill without telling us....damn😢
14:20 the tabloid hype-peddlers are focusing on the Logitech controller as if it was the best indicator of bad engineering when there is no evidence it was unreliable. I've seen US drone pilots use Xbox-style controllers. Even the on-screen quote talked more about wired controllers vs wireless and the multiple points of potential failure in the overall system, if I'm reading it right.  I'm surprised, Legal Eagle, normally you're less click-baity than that
Gee.....I hope no one is designing automated vehicles with the same level of reckless rushed abandon......   vvvv ....Spoiler below.... vvvv           Yes. They are. Sleep well tonight.....
the victims went in with their eyes wide open, making the choice to play Russian Roulette. unfortunately, they lost. stupid is as stupid does, my mother would say.
We need to abolish capitalism.
3nm? I thought the UN convention on the law of the sea states that coastal nations are entitled to a 12nm territorial sea?
He was made aware numerous times of the safety issues. This is proven as such by the fact that he fired an employee over it and threatened lawsuits. He intentionally tried to skirt regulations. That's gross negligence.
No one is going to win but the lawyers. The company is done for and not worth much except for their equipment/land/inventory, there wont be any money left over after the lawyers have taken all their fees.
this whole thing is ridiculous. Ask any Marine surveyor geophysisist or engineer. This just makes them angry.
They didnt sign the chance of becoming toothpaste though
It doesn't bring the people back, and why wouldn't you go on it
Rich folks, dying in stupid ways should always be their own fault and also highly amusing
Seeing all the details of the submarine, it’s not surprising that it imploded, it’s surprising that it made it to the Titanic more than 10 times without imploding.
This is the video I've been waiting for
Saw the title and immediately thought "No shit" lol
this dude made 250k a person and i bet he did this alot before so idk why he didnt just use that profit to create an actually good sub
3:30 I think the ego aspect of this exchange has been overlooked. My response would have been, "if you're taking this criticism personally, then you need to step back and let someone you trust take a second look. Physics doesn't care who you are."
Looks like they're also in too "deep" now.
Billionaires aren't so bad... deep down.... sometimes the pressure gets to 'em though.....
You know the sub in the red water reminds me of iron lung
Wow it’s even more horrifying to know all the ways they carefully worked to evade legal culpability. They really did not care about safety and did everything to make sure they couldn’t ever be held accountable.
AND??  still shit stirring then? Using deaths to seek attention, SAD LITTLE MAN
When you said it was made of carbon fiber I nearly jumped out of my seat and punched my wall. That's so stupid...
The fact that mother nature tried to warn them by literally striking the sub with lightning beforehand is mind-blowing.
So OceanGate does lose a lawsuit, it would only be because they made a small ship as opposed to being a large company making large ships. Typical.
International waters. The ceo is dead. Nothing will happen. Its a different world out there in sea land xx
So, the limitation act was enforced because the titanics designers didn't know about its faults....that's fair because they only knew about the faults after the ship had struck the iceberg, so that's valid......it may seem unfair but true.  OceanGate knew about the faults they have most likely thousands of letters of correspondence regarding the faults and can't prove they fixed them...and we know they didn't otherwise they would have gotten rid of the carbon fiber shell.  So how does this law not apply then?
Wow, I am so shocked they are being sued. Just. Wow. This is the most surprising lawsuit of the year /s
You morons realize this is staged so you all will talk about it and not listen to them or repeal the overnight things they are passing to make NWO. Welcome to "wagging the dogs tail" trick kiddos.
Wait... Everett, Washington? Huh... I live really close to Everett @_@
Hit by ⚡ good omen
"Anthing that can go wrong will go wrong"- dude from way back in the acient days
I had to turn off Legal Eagles the movie. It was so bad.
A huge upgrade to the laws of the land would be to simply make it illegal to sign away your right to sue, period.   No liability waivers, certainly no arbitration clauses such as those where people agree they can't sue Scientology and have to use a scientologist.     This would be super fair, everyone in all cases, retains their right to bring a lawsuit if wronged by another party.    You don't want to be sued, then ensure you don't hurt people.
If the Titanic's lost passengers were mostly of U.K. decent, it could be argued it's a graveyard of the U.K. and not international at all. If we buried it? It might deter those with more money than brains from desicrating it.
Thank you for making legal issues accessible and digestible.
As an average client, they wouldn’t know the added danger and concerns from other experts about using carbon fiber.  To me, that is the specific information needed in the waver to release them from liability.
Man that segue to the sponsor was half assed, in bad taste, and just not well done. Do better, we expect it from you.
The guy probably bought underwear from yard sales.
if an outcome has a 100% chance of occurring, is there "risk"? Inevitably seems like it has 0 risk... in that it can *only* happen.
What will suing achieve?
If someone were to put their life in my hands I would do anything in my power to guarantee their safety. Anyone who does do that is a sociopath.
If this does umbrella under British law, having to deal with simple Risk Assessments on a daily basis they clearly completely ignored any safety practices I would consider them liable under gross negligence. I think the only good thing to come out of this will be safety considerations becoming more in the public continenceness. I get annoyed with a lot of the way over the top risk aversion ideas that poor interpretation of Health and Safety just to avoid litigation, but it's there to stop stuff like this and things like tower cranes fall over where people die or a crippled for life. Lawsuits shouldn't happen people just should do things properly!
I've been fortunate enough to do some "extreme" things in my life.  Tandem skydiving, aerobatics in a high performance aircraft, and driving a race car.  I signed waivers for all of them, but those risks were mitigated by (in order) jumping with a former member of the Army's Golden Knights, flying with a professional stunt pilot, and driving with a NASCAR veteran in the passenger seat.  I got to watch the skydiving school pack the parachutes, had a parachute when I went up in the stunt plane, and the race car was rev-limited to "only" 150mph.  There were no video game controllers involved.  Red flags abound on this Oceangate thing.
I have been waiting for this video. I knew it was coming.
Main thing I've learnt is... Not perform risky leisurely activities
One thing not mentioned is would the legal eagle law firm represent anyone involved in a lawsuit involved in this incident.
Am I the only one getting annoyed by the constant mispronunciation of the word "submersible" in this video? Wtf is a "submersival, submerciful, submersivle"? I don't know if someone screwed up the script he's reading from or what's going on, but that's just painful.
Every time I see that picture of Rush looking out the sub window, my stupid brain starts singing "when you wish upon a star"
I'd previously listened to RealEngineering's video, and you highlighted the point I found the most interesting (carbon fiber in compression vs. tension).
Majorly screwed?  That’s even worse than being on Double Secret Probation.
That is the Versailles of ties 👔
Where is Nixon when you need him!??!?!!
They only said you may die, now when when they are dead people got a problem with it?
It feels like there is enough here to demonstrate gross negligence. At various levels, that should open them up to liability.   There is also evidence that Oceangate exploited loopholes, which can be doubled edged, especially in common law countries where judges can have some quite significant powers to establish precedent - for example, agreeing with a lawyer representing the families of the deceased asserting that an organization that takes proactive steps to avoid regulatory scrutiny, which misrepresents its product, and which has a history of dismissing personnel who flag safety concerns cannot be reasonably protected by a waiver between parties, as the company is not a good faith actor, and as such, the waiver cannot accurately convey the risks involved. I feel like this is a space for a lawyer to draw both on case law, but also to synthesis an argument about fairness and good-faith practices.  And, if the waiver that passengers signed clearly does not comport with Oceangate's claim that the passengers were specialists then there is also a good risk, it feels, of the waiver being thrown out. The civil liability is also separate from the criminal liabilities. As pointed out, there are many jurisdictional complications. But, while international frameworks encourage a single primary jurisdiction to be pursued (Usually defined, if I recall, in order of: territoriality, flag, nationality of the victim, then nationality of the accused) there is nothing which prevents the nations whose nationality the passengers held from pursuing individual criminal complaints around manslaughter, conspiracy, etc.
wait - bluetooth? anything that a life depends on should not be using bluetooth, especially if there's no backup.
Who gives a rip
....Could the Bahamian government defer the case to the US government if they wanted to? Like....Is there a provision in law for that?
Real engineering was referring to the carbon structure, not the window.
Who gives arip
I’ve never liked that they blamed the crew and captain in the sinking of the titanic. The ship was flawed and also had sustained structural damage due to the fires in the coal bunkers.
the arrogance of this guy... fast innovation does not mean no testing, yes Space X does fast innovation but they're not surprised when their rocket explodes, they even expect it. And they didn't put anybody in the crew dragon until it was properly tested, and certified by NASA...
When you think about it... The waiver itself is another layer of hubris... If a situation came up where this waiver would come into affect... Rush would be dead too.... So who was this waiver protecting..?? Oceangate would clearly fold after such an UNIMAGINABLE incident and their moron-in-charge was gone. I think it gave him an extra stroke knowing people read those dire words of death and still signed the waiver because they believed and trusted him. Stupid move.
If it holds up as authentic. The leaked transcripts are pretty bad.
If Stockton had been a real engineer, hating lawyers like we do, he would have listen to, hired qualified eng to design his sub instead of paying lawyers to prepare this waiver , sue the guy who told him it was unsafe.
Behind the Bardards podcast has an excellent pair of episodes on exactly how nuts Stockton Rush. His list of insane risk is long.
Whilst the company is reckless, and deserves to be sued, those who paid to go clearly a knowing stupid decision which anyone couldve told them would lead to this. I hope the business closes but there will always be a rich person narcissistic enough to think they can survive something like this
Send more billionares in another one just to be sure it wasn't a fluke
i don't know how he can get sued because he kinda got crushed with the crew.
The only person who was coerced into going was the teenager who was pressured by his father to join him on the fateful dive.
Titanic:2 Humanity:0
James Cameron even said that the sub was unsafe; who, by the way, have took a submersible teams down to the Titanic to shoot footage for his film of Titanic and has gone to lower depths in the ocean. So, I take Cameron's word with great credibility here.
Would OG have more power if they had a video interview with the clients detailing the issue and risks?   A piece of paper is still a piece of paper afterall
I don't know. The CEO participated in dives, so he was either suicidal or convinced that the vessel is safe enough. The interviews where he proudly presents his McGywer attitude are something that he apparently did not hide from his clients.  I would certainly not sign this kind of waiver and once I see it I would certainly not participate in a dive.   I think the faulty party is the state, not sure if it's the USA or Bahamas. They have been informed and did not act. In my country, you need a special license if you transport people. Any vessel operated in public space is subject to technical admissions. Titan would never have seen sea water in my countries legislation. The waiver in itself would at best be invalid but probably be seen as an attempted 3rd degree murder.  If this sounds too rigid to you, then you can hardly blame OceanGate.
Who do I watch for candain law
Thunderf00t has some really good videos about the physics around that sub's failure.
Lol they literally made an exception to the exception “sorry you weren’t able to buy enough legislators to qualify for this exception and we don’t want you ruining it for the big boys”
You know this company is screwed since the families of the victims they killed have basically unlimited money combined and a grudge. Hope they get what's coming to them.
OceanGateGate
Those liability waivers are basically terms and conditions.....who reads those?
Interesting and informative as always! ;)
Lockridge should be able to sue ocean gate for them going after him legally when he was fired for speaking up about the safety issues. That is insane that he was blowing a whistle for massive safety concerns, and turns out very valid, and he gets fired and sued for it!!?!?!?!  The CEO got what he deserved in my opinion. It's sickening he was able kill multiple people at the same time he committed suicide.
Just imagine if the owner of ocean gate hadn’t died, so many people would be pissed off with him
This is a great opportunity for lawyers!
A terrified kid,a mission specialist? The wealthy old men didnt have the brains to do research on this tin can and all the warnings? IM SORRY FOR THE 19 YEAR OLD..IT ENDS THERE.
Does it really matter if OceanGate is being sued if there's no money to win?
I feel worse for the young guy that died. He did it for his father. He barely lived
Actually, Plexiglass is a very reasonable material to use. The lightening and thunder analogy in Real Engineering's video is in reference to the Carbon Fiber hull which is known to fail suddenly. Personally, I think you both you misunderstood. The system designed by OceanGate to detect flaws is targeting small faults the are a precursor to the big sudden failure. Basically, a way to track fatigue strain on the CF hull.
Guess we get to see a sodomy happen in court
Spencer Composites better be on their tiptoes ready to go.... The actual manufacturer of the failed component is DEFINITELY getting sued into oblivion.... They had the real world material expertise to tell the moron this was a STOOOOOOOOPID design.
I only feel sorry for the 19 year old. Everyone else was so stupid for getting into a sub that was made at Home Depot instead of Titanium like every other sub. God I loathe wealthy morons. I feel bad for the refugees that died more than four out of five of these bastards.
I'm not sure that the US would even have jurisdiction. The submarine itself wasn't flagged in any state, was apparently owned by a Bahamian entity, and was operated only in international waters. It may have actually been completely beyond the legal reach of the USA. The NTSB is investigating this incident because the Titan was US-built, but they're an accident-investigation agency and it is actually illegal to use their reports as evidence in court. (The reason for that is that if their investigation cannot affect legal proceedings, people are going to be much more willing to be completely honest with them. That allows them to find out what happened and make recommendations to help prevent future accidents.)
You know it's bad when man known for making movies makes a better sub than you. Although if I go down to see the Titanic I think I would use one he would use himself.
Does the liability waver only protect those that signed it? It would seem to me that relatives of the deceased would not be held to a waiver they didn't sign.
When i heard it was made of carbonfiber I was like you couldnt pay me any amount of money to get in that thing.
Are you saying "submersiVle"???
I think it was able to stay submerged for 72 hours. So I would think it would classify it as an overnight vessel.
10/10 trailer lights if they functioned down there God damn
So let me see if I understand. Negligence levels depend on the gap between probability of event understood by customer and real probability? And if the gap is deemed wide or narrow that makes the difference between waive being useful or not as a legal tool?  I would say that this probability gap approach is not the right one, as it based a decision on an approach that had non statistical bias, so the whole case is biased.   There is something called "bayesian trap" which uses Bayes theorems to mislead people. Imagine that you wake up every day and measure the occurrence of a planet killer asteroid impact.  You conduct that statistical experiment for 10 years and still no impact. So you conclude that the probability of impact is zero. Is that probability correct?  Such impact is a rare occurence and the sample size does not provide enough data to tell if there is risk or not.  What do you do then?  You see the sky to see if there is an asteroid coming.  That way you can be certain if there is risk or not.  So in a few words, lack of data (bayesian trap) does not mean lack of evidence that a problem exists.  You need to physically inspect the source of the problem. Also lack of data means that risk can be confused with familiarity.  This case is similar to the destruction of Space Shuttle Challenger.  You have 2 rings attached, and extreme cold causes seals that glue the pieces together, to leak. In the case of Challenged SRB rings it was the wieldings that failed as combustion material pushed through material that was shrinking. And in the case of the sub you did not have wieldings but epoxic glue.  Unlike wieldings, glue can have more or less grip depending on the material. For example, school glue has strong grip on paper, but not plastic.  If you see when the titanium ring was recovered, there was no deformation indicating the glue had a grip on the metal, and there were no remnants of glue attached, which makes me believe the hypothesis of the glue losing grip and detaching from the titanium ring.  Unlike wielding, glue just stops having grip, so it slips away.  Studying the similarities in the design of SRBs and how the fixed the problem can lead you to understand why it is a similar case.  The original SRB had a U cross section design.  So you fit the other ring inside the U shape and then wield the internal and external sides of the U shape to form 2 seals. In the fixed design the SRBs had an N shape which is equal to inverted U shapes next to each other. And there were 3 seals. 2 in the sides and one in the middle.
Where'd you get your tie?
So I signed such waivers when diving shallow with a life vest on, going on a three hour jungle hike or at the dentist. I don't expect to get squished into pulp. At least in my country if the dentist would do some experimental method with untested materials and what not that would still get him. Getting someone killed is treated seriously in any case. You're signing these waivers in a spirit of good faith with an expectance of competence.  Well Rush was at least an aerospace engineer or something like that, has a mid-sized company that looks legit and was reported on by the media, he has some ocean experts as friends etc. I think they didn't just pawn off their lives to some nigerian prince on the internet.
If this *isn't* gross negligence, I literally cannot imagine what could qualify.
OceangateGate
Anybody stupid enough to get in that thing after seeing the controller and listening to Rush talk for 2 minutes, not only deserved to die, their families shouldn't be allowed to sue.
FINALLY YOU COVERED IT!!!
I'm a bit confused about how they can claim to be under Bahama liability laws, when the Titanic is thousands of miles away and no where even close. Perhaps maybe I don't understand how that works, but wouldn't it be based on the vessel's port of call or the company's home base?
They were honest and upfront that it was a death trap. Hopefully, the lawsuits are thrown out
16:57 Fun fact: All the opening shots of the movie, which is in present day, are actually shot by Cameron in his own submersibles. He just never shows up on screen but if those shots seem weird it's because...  The "pilot" in the film is actually an actor with JAMES being the sub's REAL pilot!
Rest in pieces rich scum. Can't believe how many people that are so hypersensitive about it..🙄 if you were a billionaire would you make a bare minimum machine that could end up killing people?? Oh let's not forget he used a Xbox controller to control the whole thing like some nerdy kid making something in his grandmother's basement.
Practical application of WK Clifford’s “Ethics of Belief.”
That sub imploded faster than a Trump defense strategy.
does anyone remember the deepwater horizon disaster?  anyone wonder why we didn't hear of any suits coming out of that event?  it's because of maritime law preventing liability suits for off shore events.  I'm wondering and suspecting, now, if oceangate didn't make a serious mistake when it set up the waivers under the laws of the bahamas?  I guess suits will have to route through the court system of the bahamas - I wonder how that will go.
"Who could have possibly foreseen something going wrong with the Titan sub?"   James Cameron, ex OceanGate employees, and engineers:✋
Cause and effect. Greed and gluttony allowed people to ignore this concept for a while, well, you reap what your sow. Our society as a whole will experience the unified consequences of this attitude sooner rather than later
OceanGate-Gate
Like hello!  No.shit!
Thank you for actually using an eagle sound at 10:41.
It can't be understated how absurdly foolhardy Rush was to the point of lunacy.
Tip of the iceberg, how ironic
Another huge problem with the carbon fibre is that it compresses differently than titanium meaning the joints are under even more extreme stresses. The joints were glued together. I would not trust a glued joint under those conditions.
What i find so interesting about the Ocean Gate Disater, is just how wildly crazy it was. Like this Captain of that ship needs a first class Darwin Award, tho it might just be called advanced suicide. I mean who gose out and says "Ha tried and true methods of protection, naaa that's for losses, im gonna home build a shitty sub and take alot of cash of ti, WhAt cOUlD gO wRoNg!" If only that mad man had go down alone one a one man mission, but no he had to take 4 people with him....  Leason: make sure you captain is not a mad man with extreme mental problems before you join him in his home build death trap... oh or just dont. just dont.
This is a superb summary
You cannot sue anyone that has no assets.
Absolutely 100% gross negligence. The guy was an idiot...
Walter Peck was right.
Jimmy Neutron is so smart
That Segway at the end though! He really did need some expertise in I don’t know… water pressure etc!!
Dude just wanted to hang out with his dad while he did his weird hobby
Am curious, why the sub looked like a tube of toothpaste? We already know it only takes light hand pressure to get the contents out while deforming the tube.?
Those idiots apparently read, and evidently signed that hilariously insane waiver....No doubt OceanGate is highly in the wrong and that CEO was a nut job...BUT those idiots indeed fked around and found out. That waiver is VERY detailed and mentions how stupid it is along with death multiple times
Even if they stipulate the jurisdiction of the Bahamas, I doubt either of the signatories were in the Bahamas when signing this document. If it was signed in the USA then the USA should have jurisdiction.
Woo Capitalism! Ignoring safety guidelines since ever
Remember kids. Never try to libertarian science.
I'm sure we can't, but I'm curious what the specific reason or legislation that prevents the following: Taxpayers sueing the company for their reckless behaviour leading to public resources being spend on the search and rescue and recovery.
just started the video so ill delete if you do cover it - but be sure (could you please) to talk about how the Canadian government could sue as well for the cost to the tax payers from us trying to help (I'm Canadian thats the us lol) but its illegal to release an unregistered submersible in Canadian waters hence what they took it into International before they released it
Every night in my dreams I sue you  I feel you  This is how I'll get my Moneeeeeee-eeeey 🧊🚢
First video i have seen from you and please take this as a compliment but you look like the alt history version of Ryan Reynolds becoming a lawyer. Also great video.
But the voyagers were warned and signed the waiver.   The risks were stated.   The voyagers were aware of the risk.  That means that they ACCEPTED the risk.  Thus waiver should stand and protect the company.  Further there were previous trips that returned safely.
The scale on that 1300m vs 4000m image is misleading
OceanGate really just wanted to get to name their own scandal with a name like that 😂
Liability waivers shouldn't cover murder though. This CEO was legitimately insane and killed a scientist and kid.
I was so far beyond this story on the second day they were covering the, at the time, missing sub.  Why is there so much coverage around this?
That diving incident at 12:00 is covered by Scary Interesting and uh.. it sounds truly awful.
Imagine working for a company that “Manages” the Titanic resting site.  Seriously?  Like, WTF do you do?
When is biden getting indicted?
Waivers and NDAs do NOTHING when compared to negligence and illegal safety concerns. They are criminals.
this thing is just so absurd. and oceangate simply ignored all warning cause, ego
Seeing how many time Stockton was willfully ignorant to the risks he was putting his clientele under, that waiver is only good for wiping.
The thing about the warning system,  it’s not like escaping a burning home or building most of the time. You are 2.5 miles/12500feet/ 3900 m under water. There is NO way to escape! Rush   thought he was a god and above science. I feel bad for the 29 yo. He didn’t want to go in the first place 😢
The company. Is. Literally. Named. OceanGate.  That is all.
This is going to take years to resolve before any payout happens.....if there is an payout.
The design flaw of the Titanic wasn't just that the watertight bulkheads extended just 10 feet above sea level, it was also that it lacked a double hull, which could have acted as a container for the incoming water, without spilling into the rest of the ship. Such modifications were implemented to the Titanic's near IDENTICAL sister ship, the RMS Olympic, making her far safer than the Titanic (with the addition of lifeboats for everyone). Another flaw, albeit of construction, not design was the fact that the rivets used to secure the steel plates in the bow (as well as the stern of the ship) were made of wrought iron, which contained impurities that weakened the overall strength of the hull in the bow (where the iceberg hit). It is safe to assume that had steel rivets been installed in the bow of the ship, the damage caused by the iceberg would be far less catastrophic.
I doubt you will see any lawsuits against Oceangate. Once the lawyers see that there is no big payday to be had it won 't be worth their trouble. They aren't going to fight over Oceangates office furniture. Expect Chapter 7 soon. '
It's just unconscionable that this man willingly took other people down with him in this inevitability doomed submersible. He was not an idiot, he knew damn well his vehicle was fundamentally flawed. It's one thing to risk your own life, you have that right, but to take others with you is grossly irresponsible, waiver or no.
Kinda feel bad that Rush got turned into mush instead of having to face the legal hell
All those names are ridiculous!! It sounds like we're living in a simulation and the person writing this part of the story is the intern. The guy who rushed into getting the vessel to the shipwreck cutting all of the cornes is called RUSH. He named the vessel, going to see the Titanic, TITAN. And the company!! I didn't know until this video that the company is called OCEAN GATE, like how they call every scandal "-Gate" ever since Watergate!! Like they were waiting for a scandal. This is too much!
i can't deal with the fact that their company is named "oceangate" like nothing cursed will happen from using that suffix
The fatal voyage of the HMS Hubris amounts to an Icarian tale mashed up with a group suicide pact.
I can't imagine any actually riding that vessel the moment they read the unverified by any government body part.
I wonder if the Oceangate disaster will be the starting point on a series of new, or updated laws on liability waivers, or other laws and regulations concerning such risky activities like this.
To be honest I'm not a lawyer but I don't really think that the corners that were cut in the construction of the titan were  factually,  sensibly,  or legally the right things to do.   I understand the reasoning for wanting to push beyond the bounds that are considered “ safe”  and “ normal”  to create new and advanced technology.  but we also have to remember that the rules and regulations are put in place because of Accidents like the Titan.    and I kind of like the metaphor that's somebody used that the Titan and the Titanic basically sank because of the exact same reasoning.  he did not listen to the people who saw the warning signs and was blinded by his own  ego.    but at the end of the day I don't think those waivers will hold up in court for very long or from much.    because at the end of the day people did warn him about the implosion happening beforehand and he doesn't listen.  that at least in my book makes  the owner of  ocean Gate legally responsible for what happened to his sub  and the Passengers aboard.
Note to all the rich people out there. Money does not overcome the crushing pressure of the deep sea. Nice try though.  Sorry, it's sad, I know, but I cannot bring myself to feel sympathy for those who lost their lives here. It is hubris on a grand scale.
I hope OceanGate sinks harder than their subs... Which is a low-bar really
I get real Theranos vibes from the way OceanGate spoke about their product-- "disruptive" rapid-innovation silicon-valley-type language.  And sadly, OceanGate has become another example of how applying this move-fast-break-things ethos just does not function outside of the tech world.
The danger should have been obvious because the company’s name was OceanGate.  For the young kids that didn’t hear the rimshot Google Watergate
I've gone over such waivers with representatives of the companies providing services. The agents ALWAYS says, "Well, we have to go through this even though nothing ever goes wrong..." If an agent of the company directly contradicts the terms of the waiver or misrepresents the dangers/liabilities is that not fraud?
Presented as cutting edge technology but driven by gross stupidity, anyone naming their vessel after the 'Titanic' is is certainly a mad lunatic belonging im a padded cell, not leading extreme ocean bottom expeditions.
i was so caught up in the funny i forgot that was something serious and that this is unnaceptable
The window didnt crack it started leaking water in the non passenger part of the ship
Carbon fiber is NOT Buoyant. It has a density greater than water.
"It's obscenely safe because they have all these regulations [...]". Yeah, that's why you completely ignore all the regulations because then surely your sub is just as safe
And the award for 'loophole engineer of the year' goes to Stockton Rush. I find lawsuits mostly boring but these upcoming ones seem very interesting to me.  But how could one guy be so ignorant. He took unnessary risks. I don't mind but he more or less braged with his recklessness and risked other lifes with no worries.  It seems his biggest concern was to getting sued.  What he did seems to me more and more like Germanwings-Flight 9525. As he wanted to die and take others with him near Titanic's wreck to be part of her history or something weird like this.
Got to love american politics. SMALL vessels are fully liable, but if you're a massive corporation carrying thousands of passengers, nope you can still exclude liability!
What an unmitigated ass!
I mean, they clearly knew they'd get into a scandal, they even included the -gate suffix directly into their company name 🤣
Wouldn't being struck by lightning be an ominous warning to mist people?
Nah, defense will live on the hill of "My defendant went with them. This is self evident of someone who truly thought everything was safe"
my guy  what a ruthless segway at the end there  that's a tip of the hat
Imagine being offered to PAY  to visit a graveyard located in a super dangerous place.  If the fascination about Titanic is about luxury, make a hotel that looks like it. If it is about the sinking make a theme park, and if this ends up offensive, it should be even more offensive to vosit a place where real people died trapped. Trying to visit a graveyard where you could die is not my kind of tour.
Regarding whether there was negligence, "Here there is definitely the.."  case... say case! "Possibly the case." Rats.
You do dumb shit and dumb shit does you. I don't feel bad for any of these people with more dollars than sense
a video wasting people's time. They clearly had enough safety precautions to merit those waivers.
Basically, the laws need to be tightened to avoid another issue like this. And the exact same thing was said about the Titanic. Safety regulations are written in blood. It's sad, but that seems to be the way the law works, not just in the States, but all around the world
The controller was the least of their worries. What confuses me is how they had such passion for deep sea exploration, yet had no understanding of how dangerous everything is, like even the basic knowledge about the pressure of millions of tons of liquid crushing down on you all the time. THERE'S A REASON HEALTHY AND SAFETY REGULATIONS EXIST NO MATTER HOW SILLY THEY MAY SEEM!
Death or serious injury is an understatement.
5 idiots were willing to remove themselves from the gene pool.
The R2-D2 replica building community uses PS3 controllers a lot.  They're cheap (or at least used to be), Bluetooth enabled, and it's easy to tell a microcontroller or computer what each button is doing.  As a group, though we strongly recommend having a "kill switch" if you're using anything other than a proper radio controller, because all of the other options can abruptly stop responding, resulting in a "runaway droid" - that is, a droid that's in motion but not responding to the controller any longer.  I've even had it happen myself.  So, the entire idea of using a PS3 controller to run an actual *vehicle* carrying passengers into a hazardous situation seems incredibly foolish...
His name has been changed to Stockton Mush.
I just don't get how anyone thought any kind of carbon fiber body would be good for use underwater. Water operates on the molecular scale when it comes to penetration and at those pressures I'm surprised that sub wasn't cancelled by Nature sooner.
I dont know how morons who get injured or killed from their own decisions can hold anyone responsible but themselves, however they were filthy rich so you know they have no common sense
I, 3 times signed  waivers to fight in a Cage fight where mentioned was death. I nor any other fighters really thought we would die. But the night I walked into the Cage I became ok with the fact the " I just may die tonight " .
The Litigants may win in court, I doubt they will bye able to collect.
Meanwhile as a Canadian I’m just wondering if we will be compensated for all the rescue efforts.
Considering how much money the victims paid..... Lawsuits would be guaranteed. 😅😅
OceanGate.. Gate begins
I think we need an international law that forbids subs from going below 500feet without a bunch of certifications. Something needs to be learned from this accident or it ia a complete waste of life.
The company is gone LOL you can get blood from a turnip
so the message of this video, "OceanGate is Getting Majorly Sued", is that OceanGate hasn't been sued, we aren't even sure what jurisdiction the case belongs to and that there's a number of loopholes the company could use to avoid being found liable?
If only he had hired some 50-year old experienced submariners and listened to them.
The design was flawed.  Rush knew that.  He ignored advice.  He killed people unnecessarily.  He is guilty.  He will go down in history as an example as a charlatan.
Who would think that the only two lawyers i watch ( legal egal and law by mike) both make a vid about the sub.
No way the chucklefuck ever got insurance on this sub. Even if he has business insurance they can easily deny any and all claims due to his lies
Sue away, Stockton is dead anyway. And he's the real murderer here.
The "traveling carnival" of deep sea exploration. We see the horrors those shoddy entertainments have wrought.  Why you would sign up with all the available information is beyond ludicrous.
No shit. The companies killed the family members from TWO billionaire families  Even if they have all the contracts and legal documents to protect them, those families will find a way to make the remaining ceo’s life really miserable
Once again the lawyers will get richer at everyone’s expense.
How is it gross misconduct to not launch the vessel after it got struck by lightning? Do you think that after launch there is a possibility that it could get struck by lightning underwater after they have removed the tethers?
Why should they be able,to sue, they knew the risk they were taking when going on the sub.
Feeling personally insulted in the face of criticism of a project like this should be a clear sign to all that a few steps back are needed.
i will never not get over the entire timeline of this story both before and after
Rush's submarine doesn't fall under the "gross negligence" moniker in court because there was no official guidelines or best practices laid out by the government. Thefe is no mandated certification process either. Theres only other companies making their own vessels and those companies agree on best practices...but that means nothing in a  court. No one is required to do what otger companies are doing. Lastly, the dive took place in international waters where no American laws have footing. Oceangate itself isn't an American company. It was registered in the Bahamas. I fail to see how any lawsuit can even be filed in this.
Stockton Rush was 100% right about one thing: This thing was safer than crossing the street! Over 7000 Americans die as pedestrians each year, and only 5 people died in his suicide tube.
Love the tie. Classy.
I'd say using a window rated for 1300 meters to dive 4000 qualifies as gross negligence.
I think one thing you’re missing, compared to other cases, is that the owner died together as well. That will go a long towards proving the company believed in its vision (which they did, however warped it was) and certainly wasn’t will-fully negligent.
Sorry to say that you signed a document that said you might die in it 3 times. You have more money than brains. I HOPE none of these people get a DIME.
What a power move: can't be sued if you've been crushed into smithereens.
Thank you for the deep dive. This crushing development takes the breath away.
this still seems like a huge uphill battle. the waiver is very short and concise. It also makes it quite clear that this is an experimental craft that's still in development and not a finished commercialized craft. it's basically paid beta access.  I guess it will come down to what he told them versus what the paper says and if it's enough to override the waiver.
“and they’ve now join the group they were so fascinated by” 😂😂😂
This is like a case of murder-suicide, to be honest.  Anyway he told people it was safe, period. He was told by experts that it wasn’t.  He wontonly ignored expert opinion. Laughed at it actually.
Just from a common sense and simply way of looking at this situation. I don't see how it is reasonable for the families to sue this company. The passengers knew what they were doing. They all millionaires, they are not stupid. But, reason does to matter with a legal system that is as silly as ours.
Thats just the... Tip of the iceberg! Devon you just couldn't resist huh lmao
Rush in a messed up way is lucky he was on the trip imo. Even if he survived the lawsuits hed be ruined in every other way and rightfully so, his name has been dragged through the mud even dead and if he wasnt itd be on a way higher level.
Lightning striking conductive carbon fiber kills the carbon fiber.
The titan spinning like a rambunctious puppy dog , he's just so excited! You can't say mad at him.
I’m a day one real engineering boi, his videos are amazing
I don't see why every nation involved can't just press their own charges under their own laws, independently of one another.
who's getting sued? isn't the guy dead?
As more and more details came out about this, I knew for a fact this constituted as negligence and the waiver is basically saying "uwu please don't sue us, even though we are absolutely putting you in harms way"
Cool story, have you ever heard the saying can’t get blood from a stone?  People can sue all they want, but if the company doesn’t have $ won’t mean shit.  I would like to see their financials.
Thats three tons at 6,000 lbs. of pressure. 4,000 lbs. is two tons. 5:06
Using a Windows PC...OMG..LOL.
“They joined the exclusive club that they were fascinated with.”  That was savage!!!
They should change their name to "OceanFatality"
Regulations are always written in blood. They’re usually there for a reason.
Someone needs to call Michael Bluth
I laughed so hard when Mad Mike tried to prove the earth was flat.   Something like this makes me ponder.....  What is the legality of third party participants willingness to assist in the writing of the acceptance speech for one's Darwin Award?
"It's obscenely safe, because they have all these regulations. But it hasn't innovated or grown - because they have all these regulations."  Spoken like a true entrepreneur. Might make a good epitaph.
Just glad that those poor folks didn't have to suffer.
Their name literally sounds like a scandal
THEY signed the waiver to be governed by the law of the bahamas. Their families and estates didn't. Their families and estates can sue in whatever jurisdiction they wish.
I caught myself shaking my head multiple times while listening to this. Jeez. So much arrogance and hubris.
Devin, you should cover the Scot Peterson/Parkland SRO trial! Especially since we've now seen the verdict.
I personally don’t care about the dead rich people. They were rich. They’re dead. Big deal. But I do care about a corporation getting away with literal murder.
What's wild is the complaints about the game controller are valid, however many car makes are moving to drive by wire.    Wonder if it's to cut monetary costs,  at the obvious cost of lives
I would fight the lawsuit. ❤❤ p/s I’d also bankrupt the company, if not already so.
I don’t think they will get anything anyway. Company with defunct and bankrupt
guess that why your a lawyer and not a math teacher 6000 lb.= 2 ton (5:05)
Why Sued!  Because Lawyer's Like to steal money. We should build 10000 submersibles. For  whom?
This man did everything possible to get around the law. He did it quite purposely. He dragged these people out into international waters so that he could put them in mortal danger. Everything about the building and operation of that tin can was reckless.
Objection! How does a minority position find anything in a legal proceeding? How is it different from a dissenting opinion. I may have answered my own question, but I need clarification, please.
They shouldn’t have any right to sue Ocean crap shoot…
Making Washington state look bad. We do not claim this company's incompetence.
Sometimes with people like Rush, I wish we could do out with the legal system, and have like, a king who would tell Rush and anyone associated 'Yeah, no, you're paying reparations. This case is closed.'
OceanGate is a bankrupt company. You won't get any money from them. Who's suing who .... Survivors of billionaires suing a company that's virtually closed down and everyone has run away. .... This presenter is just being stupid ... As most legal minds are.
ladies and gentlemen, this is part of the extremely terminal late stage hypercapitalism we're forced to endure in the US. do not let this happen on all levels of our lives, or we will not only lose our own lives, but the nation as we know it will become ancient history akin to many other fallen empires who became too big for their hubris.  vote blue. tax the rich. AOC for POTUS.
And Stockton also lied and said that the University of Washington, Boeing, and even NASA partnered with Oceangate in the design and manufacture of the sub.
I absolutely hate that the window and carbon fiber hull crackling was argued as a "safety warning". It's a literal death alarm. Once the hull is compromised, you have from seconds to single digit minutes to surface. Even then, surfacing can actually cause the hull to further compromise as the pressure shifts increase the bending and warping (Think of how you twist side to side to dislodge fibers to tear canvas / plastic), especially if you descend then ascend quickly .... Even more disturbing with the evidence they possibly tried to surface before implosion, implying the "death alarm" indeed went off. If so, for about 45 seconds to 5 minutes, they probably knew what was coming.
I would sue even if i survived a trip on this vessel for simply exposing me to the potential danger
This is truly the most "I told you so" of the "I told you so"'s of all time
My brother, a very savvy architect and building project manager, said (when the submersible was just missing) that he "wouldn't get into that thing on dry land."  I agree.  As far as the legal case, I see this dragging on for years, bouncing between U.S. and Bahamian courts, and  Oceans Gate filing for bankruptcy.  There will likely be no winners, if you can even call them that.
I don't think any waiver signed by anybody should be allowed to include "Nobody I know may sue you" clauses, because the person signing the waver *cannot speak for other people without their permission*.
If I recall correctly, the 19 yo didn't want to go along.
Costner
The amount of negligence and the complete contempt for safety would of been hard to comprehend until the submersible  killed people. People probably say to themselves, “no one could be this careless on purpose”. There was still enough info that no one should have went on it but we have a much clearer picture in hindsight
The best part of this remains the CEO himself being one of the smoothie ingredients. Put simply, nothing of value was lost.
5:43 Slight correction; the real engineering clip/ graph you showed was describing the carbon fiber hull, not the window.
Always interesting, thanks.
Normally when the product sold is very different from what it is supposed to be, the company is liable. If I tell my client that there are risks, that doesn't mean that I can tell my client that the submarine is functional when it isn't. I don't think criminal law can be any different here.
The fact that he couldn't grasp the simple terrible truth that safety measures and regulations are most of the time set/increased after accidents and blood spilled is beyond my comprehension
Paper. See Kostner prenuptial contract. Used toilet paper
If I am one of the Billionaire families left behind, I am suing regardless of the status of the waiver.  I am suing and suing and suing until Oceangate, the estate of Rush have been drained to zero in legal costs.  As a Billionaire, I wouldn't need any more money, just that the legacy of that guy was basically zero.
Everyone deserved their fate except the 19 year old
That CEO is literally the living John Hammond of Jurassic Park- book version, not movie. Big difference.
"submersifle" xD
there's also the question of "who gets the first bite at the apple?"
610,568th viewer of this video!
Within 7 hours!
Megalomaniac. Sociopath. American capitalist
I could never be a lawyer. Way to much reading…
I'm not a fan of what OceanGate represents, but I'm surprised that so many of the comments are in favor of "gross negligence" lawsuits, considering that the passengers are spending a quarter of a million dollars for essentially an underwater pleasure cruise. OceanGate operates in an elite world that none of us will ever see, the passengers had EVERY advantage and opportunity here to avoid this tragedy.
All five passengers aboard the Titan knowingly gambled with their lives. The difference is that four of them were shooting craps. Stockton Rush was playing Russian roulette with the full knowledge that sooner or later the gun was going to go off.
Do they have any money ?
i think the contract makes it very clear. IMHO if it was the case that stockton rush was alive I can understand if the deceased's relatives want to sue for compensation from stockton rush.   At this stage it's just rich dead people's estate sueing another dead person's estate. If ocengate is an LLC then the vaslue of the company is essentially nil. Nobody wants any of oceangates hard assets - it has no resale value, the business is finished so has no revenue stream.   If the plaintiff try to sue stockton rush's estate for rush's personality liability then I think it's a tad cruel.
By signing up for a YouTube membership the viewer waives all rights in regards to getting distracted by Devin’s deep, misty eyes.
So it isn't a watergate meme. Putting gate on every conspiracy thing. No they litterally have gate in their name. Satire can't compete with how stupid real life is sometimes.
Why do I get the feeling the 5 people signed the waiver the same way I sign i-Tunes user agreements?
4:22 “Tip of the iceberg” 😭😭☠️🫡
What's messed up is, from videos I've seen detailing how fast implosions happen and how the human brain doesn't have time to receive info that it has happened, the concept of the CEO having "learned his lesson" first hand isn't scientifically possible.
What's next? They used carbon fiber from a submersible that had imploded prior and the engineer built the sub during a weekend cocaine binge?
The CEO will be sentenced to death very shortly once the trial is done
Safety regs in most industries are just the baseline.  Any outfit that actually cares about safety will go above and beyond the regs.  When I heard the numerous criticisms from people who did this stuff for a living, and the fact that Oceangate didn't have a single certification of their subs, I knew this was inevitable.  Owner should go to jail IMO.
The transition to the sponsor was... to say the least... tasteless.
Seems they knew it wasn’t stable to go down there. Someone need to check into the owner/captains health. It almost like he knew he was gonna die soon and decided to make some serious cash for his family both from the riders as well as his own insurance on himself and just ended it all.
Why are so many bilionares nutjobs?? Is it the money doing it or do you need to be this way to be one in general? Not many exceptions that I see
As a lifelong claustrophobic with a fear of water, there isn't enough money on earth to have gotten me into that sub or any sub.  When I heard about this one, my very first thought was "oh wow, there's a catastrophe waiting to happen."  How is it that the people who built and ran the damn thing didn't possess an ounce of common sense?
Can I be one of the first to clarify that it's not a PlayStation or GameCube controller. It's xinput which is compatible with PC, Android and Xbox.
As a passenger you making a bet. Is the pay off worth the price.
2004: Oceanic Airlines 2023: OceanGate 2042: Oceanic Spacelines
I also feel that this will be a hard case. Since  Stockton Rush died on the Titan when it imploded
I would imagine these folks put their signatures to paper based on the charismatic nonsense Rush was telling them, and not on what was on the waiver, if they even read it.
[Surprised Pikachu]
if they cant sue them then go F up their employees - While violence may not be the best option, it is still an option, though as a counterpoint, the people who died did sign those waivers with a clear mind.
He should be gotten for fraud.....claiming the passengers were mission specialists....not sure if claimimg a payment as a donation is though.....maybe tax evasion if he didn't claim it properly. 🤷🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️
Stockton Rush was a fantasist who chose to ignore any laws and regulations that got in his way brushing off legitimate concerns through narcissistic arrogance. However he was enabled by his passengers who were willing to pay him to operate an underwater hooptie that had no certification and nowhere near enough engineering competence for anyone in their right mind to hand over money to go to the bottom of the ocean in.
Ocean gate is still running? Lol they lost its founder and CEO instantly
i'm sorry that Human life was lost....but i say to those billionaires that died...GOOD RIDDENS TO STUPID.....there were so many RED FLAGS and ALARMS going off when they saw the sub was controlled with a video game controller....and there being one porthole window in the head for all those passengers to look out....i would have seen that and said..."NO EFFING WAY! Refund me!"
Thanks Captain Obvious. Like anyone didn't think they were going to be sued.
I'm glad the families are suing. You can't put people in danger and get away with it.
"Joe Schmoe from Albatross heard cracking noises in the hull and worried about the window exploding on his first trip, and on his second trip heard louder cracking noises and the sub spun in circles when the weights broke" then proceeded to go on two more trips..  C'mon man
All I know is that , if the Titanic director James Cameron whos been down. To the Titanic wreck at least 33 times, and does deep sea diving as a side hobby, tells you , don't use Carbon fiber , and that it's a bad idea, you should listen, he knows what he is talking about.
Ocean gate is out here is getting into watergate level trouble lmaoooo
Driving 4 answers made a great video about carbon fiber pistons and rods about a year ago that clearly goes over the limits of carbon fiber. Anyone who watched it or had the same information would not have a hard time understanding why the sub failed.
If you die in the ocean. Give me a call
Clickbait title
I’m not convinced that an English court would find that “I may be found by a court to have waived” is effective waiver language. It’s an acknowledgment that that’s a possible outcome, but not actually itself a waiver in the way that saying “I waive any claims” would be. I’ve seen English courts take a similar view in the context of exclusion of liability clauses where saying “X does not accept liability for…” could simply mean that X would defend any liability claim and was not effective to exclude liability (cf “I will have no liability for….”.) The section you’ve shown also doesn’t contain any indemnity language - it’s not clear that it’d have any impact on claims by relatives rather than the estate itself?
the vessel got struck by lightning... wow, cursed from the beginning
Do you know if there is also a NDA in the waiver? Because that would be a huge red flag against it.
A document based on information that's been curated to hide the full extent of the risks and relying on people not reading the fine print and sticking with what they've been sold by the person shilling the trips.
Wasn't there a kid on the sub? Someone young with no specialized knowledge, who wasn't even interested in going on the journey? Why was he classifiable as a specialist? I disagree with the sponsor segue: science knowledge was never a problem here. This guy was told by everyone with any level of competence that what he was doing was grossly irresponsible and immoral. He couldn't have not known even if he had only a high school education. The problem here was narcissism.
Why does it sound like you keep saying "Submersivle"? Come on, you're a lawyer. The details matter. It's submersiBle.
Unlike the sub and the release, the lawsuit will be airtight
The saddest part is that the kid didn't even want to go, he was afraid and his dad made him go.
Once again, it's obvious Stockton Rush was either going to have his Steve Jobs moment or die trying, other people be damned.
They were more concerned about making sure people can’t sue them over making sure nothing bad happens in the first place.
If you cut safety costs then you end up paying in lost lives.
Watch. The survivor relatives of each of the billionaires will sue each other's estates.
Here's a question. If the spouses of the deceased were in a contract by reason of marriage surely signing a waiver to "Rush" does not override a marriage vow. Hence I would wager that the waiver was invalid for that reason. They have a duty of care to remain unscathed in order to discharge their marital responsibilities such as providing and the like. Hence the families have multi pronged matrix to traverse the legal obstacles.
It's not like a skatepark
I was looking forward to your legal take on this after already seeing how the engineering side of things did not make any sense, im hopeful the company wont get away with this
I dont think a german court would uphold that waiver. They just need to proof that the passengers are idiots...
I belive the main issue with the craft, which is being discussed elsewhere, is that a craft made of a variety of materials has a variety of different expansion and compression rates; titanium contracts differently than carbon fibre, and thee glue seal would also act different
20:37 so the survivors of the titanic made $940 each and in modern value thats $30,189.73 for each survivor.
Infamous. Last. Words.
Stockton Rush may be glad he's dead and can avoid all this. "1200 meters, 3800 meters, what's the dif?"
In Australia, a liability waver is not classified as a legitimate document and all companies are required to obey all safety laws and regulations. If any company doesn't comply with the regulations regarding safety, they are always classified as being at fault regardless of the actions of the person who was injured or killed. Even if all safety regulations have been met, the company is still liable for any injury or death. The only reason companies in Australia have people sign a waiver is in hope that they or their families won't take them to court.
I hope the families all get paid. This dude may need to go to jail.
hahaha that Brilliant transition was brilliant
17:57 if they claimed to meet DNV the lawsuit is a go mind you, the object of the lawsuit is not to bankrupt or punish oceangate what they want to get is the life insurance companies to pay
Rush stated MANY TIMES that safety was not his main concern, sub was EXPERIMENTAL..DOES NOT CONFORM TO STANDARDS
how can you believe a guy called stockton
I’m kinda glade the ceo died  Too bad he took innocents with him
I believe the correct term is 'sued bigly'.
I would say it would be relatively easy to prove gross negligence. Using unproven methods and materials in sub building, using absolutely horrendous building methods, like gluing the bulkhead to the hull AFTER touching it with bare hands spreading skin grease to it and NOT doing it  at all in a clean room but a dusty warehouse, so on and so forth. The level of negligence is even worse here than for example testing bodyarmor equipment effectiveness against different calibres by shooting live people wearing the armor.
I think two problems highlight the oceangate situations as gross negligence. They did not perform adequate inspections of the integrity of the vessel as is standard. They were using a view port rated for 1400m and took to it 2x that depth.  Both of these show a disregard for customer safety.  Whilst it is reasonable to assume that because it is an experimental sub something may go wrong. It is not reasonable to assume that no industry standard checks were in place on an experimental material sub and that they would actively use materials beyond their rated limitations. This sub should have, at the very least never dove below 1400m. That in and of itself is negligence.
What I'd like to know is if specific individuals at or associated with OceanGate can be directly individually sued, not just the company itself.  Aside from that, I think all they need to do is subpoena the viewport manufacturer.
It was built out of a compressible carbon fiber center bolted to non-compressible titanium end caps. @thunderf00t gave a good overview, but even if you weren't a mechanical engineer, you have to ask at what point the customer should know something isn't quite adding up  Don't get me wrong, OceanGate are  negligent and liable, just don't go get killed confident that you're in the right. It may not be your legal responsibility to look into certain things, but there isn't an equitable legal remedy for everything that can befall you
As an engineer, I think engineers should be held accountable. In this case none of the fresh out of college children engineers should be held accountable, but they should clearly see the repercussions the senior engineers on the project face and understand that engineering ethics is actually a thing. I would say anyone who was in a position to raise these concerns and didn't should be held accountable. If those people weren't experienced enough to understand the risks they shouldn't be engineers, let alone lead engineers.
I hope he said "This is to other commercial subs what the iphone was to the blackberry" and not "what the iphone was to the blackbird" cause one of those shows dangerous levels of hubris the other shows dangerous levels of lack of understanding technology and that these two things are completely incomparable
The game controller used was one that is notorious amongst gamers because it disconnects a lot
So, serious question:  Looking at the "sub", it was clearly a death trap.  Would the company be able to successfully argue that ,even if they were negligent, people still willingly got on, so it's fine?
Golly, a absolute example of “Buyer Beware”    Spent 20 years serving on submarines and I would have never step foot on that total piece of crap excuse of a submarine.
When people make decisions especially life threatening ones, when things don't go as planned u should NOT be able to go and sue for YOUR decision.   As rich as they were, they apparently didn't have the common sense to do some research b4 embarking on something TOTALLY UNNECESSARY
The submersible was known to be unsafe. A waiver is against liability against failures during the trip, not a suicidal trip. If every major expert in your field warned you that your behavior is negligent and unsafe doesn't constitute gross negligence what does?  If this is covered by a waiver companies can save a lot of money by just taking out all the safety devices and starting a neat side business as an under the table as a method to murder gullible enemies.
ya think, huh?
And after reading this waiver anyone would still go down????
They sent 5 people miles into the ocean on a submarine made from tin and pvc pipes that haddnt been approved by anyone who knows anything about submarines. Gross negligence.
OK, there need to be new regulations that make it illegal for a vessel like the Polar Prince to transport a submersible or any small passenger vessel/submersible that is NOT certified. We have a lot of regulation in place (in Canada) for how you can transport a fire arm, we need these in place for a manned submersible. If its illegal to transport a vessel like the Titan in Canadian and US waters, then they can't get it out to international waters where the Titanic is to begin with.
Ive watched a lot of videos on this as someone who actively follows news and content in the Titanic community, and Im delighted this video shares even more info i didnt know before. Thank you! Love all your content.
Everyone envolved should be sued into the poorhouse
Clearly telling customers that it was safer than crossing the street invalidates the waiver.
Carbon fiber is the worst choice even still the fact there wasn't a bulkhead in the middle showed he didn't gaf if it flexed which would cause failure over time      He only used carbon fiber cause he got it discounted from Boeing because it was past its shelf life to be used in airplanes 😱
After reading about how this thing was built, I'm amazed it survived ANY dives to the Titanic.
If I remember right, the White Star Line never bragged about the unsinkability of the Titanic. That claim came from an article in the Shipbuilder magazine about the watertight compartment system while the three ships were under construction, saying "in the event of an emergency, the captain can simply move a switch, closing the watertight doors and rendering the ship virtually unsinkable".
Sounds like that signed waiver is about as legally useful as a signed prenup.
You pronounced "Newfoundland" right!!
Imagine making all that money just to die in a sub and then your family instead of missing you they sue for more money so that they can live even more easier.
Why, there is no money
this all could have been prevented if the owners parents hadn't named him Stockton, it's like they wanted him to be a silicone valley tech idiot, or a new york stock exchanger.
this all could have been prevented if the owners parents hadn't named him Stockton, it's like they wanted him to be a silicone valley tech idiot, or a new york stock exchanger.
Didn’t realize that the sub guy kind of looks like Jay Leno. Except Jay Leno is way cooler.
This guy just threw some stuff together and made millions each trip. He basically just took peoples money to live a lavish life and treated the trips and this thing as a burden. Like a cheap landlord who treats your home repairs like a burden, does the bare minimum but charges you way more than it’s worth.
Has no one else referred to the irony about naming the submersible the Titan?  That is what Morgan Robertson named his ship in the 1898 novel that foreshadowed the Titanic…….
They should of been attached to an abilical from the mothership..
"Stockton, you're gonna get someone killed in this machine!" "No one understands my brilliance."
The CEO is an absolute egotistical psychopath. And not to victim blame but it baffles me that none of these men did any research about that man, or the history of the company and its previous explorations.
Here's the issue, waivers are a dime a dozen nowadays. You need to sign a waiver to do anything. We're at a point where we sign them so often that they no longer have any merit. Nobody signs a waiver and assumes the worst possible outcome. So when these guys signed that waiver, it was compulsory. They were most likely reassured that it was for legal reasons and everything would be fine.
10:24 "If you or a loved one" I knew it was going to be an EagleTeam ad just from these 6 words lmao
Rush was an alpha-hole. Havent we had enough of those yet?
The window was only certified for 1,500m not the 3,800m the Titanic is at.
His name is Jaaaaames Cameronnnn the bravest pioneeeer
As Robert Evans noted, it’s almost as if the implosion allowed Stockton to travel back in time, so that he could provide the world with the most ironic foreshadowing quotes ever produced by a shady CEO with zero self-awareness.
The Real Engineering video is a must.
What took you so long, Devin?
Funny, My Logitech controller does that sometimes, just goes right until I disable it. Not making jokes but dude, at least hardwire that S,
America's Military knew a carbon fiber sub wouldn't work.  russia knew that a carbon fiber sub wouldn't work.  China knew that a carbon fiber sub wouldn't work.  Rush thought he knew more than the very best...
You are saying exactly what I am saying.  It is HIGHLY UNLIKELY Rush informed them of all the problems in the subs history OR the all the e-mail exchanges that warned of impending doom.
The CEO fired and sued someone for raising issues about the safety and strength of the hull. He knew about the issues but covered it up. That's gross negligence.
Good, can we stop talking about it then? This thing has gotten more coverage than a passenger plane crashing ffs.
Are you going to do a video about Black Mirror’s ”Joan is Awful”? Because that one feels perfect for a legal analysis, especially with the ongoing writers and actors’ strike
stockton rush?  thats a bond villian name
Don’t need experts in the field, there are more than half a dozen videos of Stockton rush stating openly that he was purposely bucking safety standards. Case closed.
It looked like the only tech  they had was a red button that when pressed turned green. Did the light only illuminate 30% after the lightning strike? Lol I didn't see anything else besides a TV monitor.
Rush made more than a few errors of judgment.   One of which is proclaiming that safety protocols hamper technological advances.    In reality, law suits are more of a wet blanket on progress.
People pay that money just so they can say “I saw the Titanic”. Smh. Sometimes your  ego overtakes your common sense.
It was not missed on your math class today as scientists proved this by the basic software that told this guy rush that using the material carbon fiber that tube needed to be three times as thick and weaved.  This software is used by the sub builders . It also gave a good look at the rings as there would be a good chance of one millimeter void.           The legal questions associated with were they dove this sub are going to be a hammered out in court.  But the surface ship claimed they had hope for survival.  But waited quite some time before sounding alarm.        So together with the build and the wait to connect with coastguard.  There is plenty to go on that this gross negligence.         To the waiver it fails to explain that the windows rated only to 1k but were going to 12k ft .  Also that on previous inspections that the carbon fiber wasn't holding up as expected.          The fact that he used the passengers on paper as consultant and to consider them part of his business is quite odd .           The one thing that is going plague these lawyers is that they had the knowledge that this was a uncommon sub which was not proven or certified by even the coastguard.
These are the people that get warning labels put on fans. I’ve put more research into where I’ll eat then they did on a hundreds of thousands of dollars dive.
504 who rated what?
It makes no sense that a company based in Oregon, launched from Canada, and just declare that Bahamian law applies. They should have at least had to launch from the Bahamas for that to work.
Given they found loopholes to go in internal waters, no one should have gone to look for them. All they did was waste resources and tax payer money. I guess they should pass a law that you forfiet any search and rescue help if you are willing and decide to skip certification and approvals from regulatory organizations.
for anyone who thinks they live in a meritocracy, this would be a case in point against that theory
They made them sign because they knew it wasn't safe
Insane that that many people with that much money were willing to take that kind of risk
No way a 250k a ride sub had stick drift 😭that’s why we can’t use Xbox controllers
These letters from the engineers try so hard to tell him that these regulations and existing designs are there for a reason.
Why do people keep csalling it a Playstation or Xbox controller?  It clearly is a Logitech F710, pc only.
The thing that gets me the most is that the whole sub was driven with a video game controller... Imagine your sub pilot pulls out a Mad Catz controller 😥😥😂😂
suing a dead guy? Sure that will work out well
He knew what he was doing. He spliced it up six ways from Sunday so it would protect him in case there was an emergency. But he never considered to think that he would get caught up and killed by his own beast.
Who's gonna pay it? lol, the CEO is dead....
Frankly none of this was an accident and the whole event can only be described as a big elaborate murder.
I mean, I can't say I feel bad for anyone involved in this. 🤷  3:44 Those of us who didn't die doing stupid shit.  21:06 Of course. Because American laws exist solely to serve the rich and powerful.
They probably never really read the waiver and if they did he probably manipulated them into believing everything was safe and the waiver is just to shut people up or something.
Why don’t put on front page? Put in those small places like puzzle games…
Great video! Gotta love the complexities and shenanigans of maritine law!
Rush was stupid is making so many ego based videos declaring his disdain for safety.  Blaming “operator error” while no other submersible has resulted in death is blatantly declaring self liability.  Rush was selling safety in his design.  Yes there is risk across the board, but he also sold teh fact that his vessel is safer than others (for which we now know are for the wrong reasons - he actually blamed operator error as the number one safety violation)
This whole story feels like it was written by Tom Robbins or Vonnegut as a satirical perspective on the whole Objectivist horsesh*t that the Uber wealthy use when convenient to pout about having to follow the rules everyone else does … any of the passengers that truly didn’t understand the risks, I genuinely feel bad for, but for Stockton, the world is better off without him … with his kind of irresponsible childish mindset, it’s a miracle he only killed the few passengers on board
I've been doing a lot of reading in from Rush and I got to say, his arguments are absolutely 100% solid! He died doing what he believed in, but he also was very clear on why he was doing what he believed did. Meaning that the sub-mariner Community Technology had not really advance to the point of bringing the public on board and Gigi felt like it was stagnant. So he was willing to put his own life on the line to advance that technology. I agree with them! Wholeheartedly! Rush made clear yes, there hadn't been any injuries in the commercial sub-industry in over 35 years that's because of the regulations but that's also the problem that is limiting the ability any substantiv innovation
Wouldn't it be hard to prove gross negligence if the CEO was on board the doomed vessel? He was confident enough in the design to ride in it himself.
Snowboarding 🏂 certainly does have risks, risks that include natural ones, errors in the snowboarders activities, etc.  No passenger understood that a Carbon Fiber hull had been known by the owners to be unfit fir deep sea pressures and was unfit for the severe temperature changes, repeatedly.  These known defects pointed out repeatedly to the owner, were not known to, or in any way in control of the passengers.  "Common carriers" have always been help to a higher standard, than a ski resort.
Not to justify taking people into that experimental vehicle that hadn't had independent testing, but how could those people have claimed that they "felt like the titan would have imploded (if the test dive took place)" or that the crackling "sounded like defects in the carbon fiber"? Those are incredibly subjective and speculative, with one only being a statement made in hindsight of the failure, and the other being a statement with zero supporting evidence as there wasn't another CF submersible like this to have learned when CF defecta would sound like
5:20 Objection! Victim Stockton Rush may have said that of the glass window, and Real Engineering may have said that of the flaw in the hull monitoring system. However, Real Engineering specifically talked about the composite hull crushing in, he never talked about that glass window. Although, I get it, the sub was still doomed. Script error?
Question! Do you have any plans to cover the Microsoft v FTC/CMA situation? Or is that not on the radar?
It feels like Rush's insistance that the sub was super safe should affect the validity of the waiver
"but they signed waivers!!!!reeeeeee"
Guy should go to jail
A fairly limited definition of operated.   Yes the submersible was deployed in international waters but the operation as a whole requires the submersible be transported to international waters to dive to its destination.   Since the submersible cannot achieve its mission alone i don't find it too much of a stretch to say the operations actually started fron the port of disembarcation.  The operation could not take place without the mothership.
So it was a sub built as if by Orks? Holy shit.
So basically Stockton Rush created a massive legal web in an attempt to prevent his company from getting sued in the case of injury or death, but because of his gross negligence it really just subjects the company to more lawsuits from all over the place instead of one centralized one?
Really, the problem about carbon fiber under pressure is because the fiber is strong, but the glue (resin) is the one holding the forces in compression, not the fibers, if the glue fail, that will just bend.
The only thing that survived was the Logitech controller
If I was in McCallum's position, I'd be Fortnite dancing the hell out in front of OceanGate's main building.
Lightning struck it?!  What more sign do you need?!
I guess it all goes back to that old phrase "caveat emptor". If your going to do something this dangerous you really have to educate yourself on how things should work and then make your own informed decision.
I've been waiting for this topic from you!
This is a case where 'basic standards' and 'reasonable person' are going to be said innumerable times.  Because although OceanGate will claim there were no regulations forcing them to do inspections, the fact that every other pressurized chamber in use is put through rigorous regular inspections is going to mean that he can't claim that he wasn't aware that he was foing something against the standard practices.
Why do you keep calling it a "Submersivle"
if they do another wolverine movie this guy could be logans dad ! LMAO his hair hahaha  epic....was waiting for this guy to SNIKT* and pop his claws  hahaha  ...........RESPECT!
It is insane that companies will try and use NDAs and confidentiality agreements to hide blatantly illegal and dangerous acts.
I got more anxiety watching this than the entirety of the coverage when it was happening.  Each detail just made me more and more uncomfortable lol.... jfc
So some rich people die and their rich families want money after those people signed their own death certificate.   via waver.  After paying to visit Dead people kinda sick.  I am at a loss.  This is demented.
I find this really interesting from one point of view. Aviation law is somewhat based in maritime law, but in this case, aviation law has an edge. According to aviation law, you can take passengers, or train someone on an experimental aircraft, but you can not receive a payment from them. And that is what separates private pilot license (PPL) from a commercial pilot license (CPL) too.
Bruh this situation is absolutely laughable.  This wasn't a tragedy, this was 4 idiots with too much money who ruined the life of a young boy. They should be given the Darwin Award posthumously. They literally decided to play stupid games and won stupid prizes. I hope their wives didn't sign any pre-nups.
My assumption had been that there was no company left to sue, with the CEO dead
I can't believe you didn't call him Captain Crunch even once.
This was just a murder suicide with extra steps.
The first rule in the USA, if someone dies, then people will get sued.  America, the land of  the ambulance and hearse chasers.
Natural Selection WITH Full Consent.
Stockton Rush sounds like the name of a Toby Fox character
Thank you for putting this out so now i can just link to you.  Some refuse to accept that just because there was a wavier you can't be sued.
I hear he also got an email telling the company that the hull of the Titan was wore down and wasn’t safe to use. Yet he used it.  If he had heeded the warning and just replaced all equipment and materials needed, they all would still be alive  I heard it was likely that water got into the vessel and filled between the inner and outer shell which is why they were descending faster than usual and were rising too slow when they noticed that something was wrong. According to the transcript, they knew there were issues and were trying to resurface when they they were all crushed. So sadly, they were aware that something was wrong before dying 😢
Every time I hear about anyone decrying or evading regulations I remember the phrase "regulations are written in blood." This is a great example of that.
If you look at how Carbon Fibre small pressure tanks are made they are woven, fibres crossed all the time, his version of a carbon fibre pressure vessel was not woven at all and made as cheaply as possible, but he knows best. Regulations will be put in place, so this never happens ever again, EVER??
Important PSA: You do NOT want someone "MacGyver-ing" things together in a life and death situation, unless their name is actually Agnus MacGyver, in which case you're probably fine.
I saw a great comment on a video talking about the TITAN sub catastrophe, it read something like this: "He (Stockton Rush) forgot that the regulations are written in blood." It's sadly true, and now there will (probably) be even more regulations written in his and the other passanger's blood becuase of his negligence!
All five are Darwin winners. All five have served Humanity by ensuring they will not add any more of their flawed genes to the Human gene pool. Let's review the waiver: If you get into this sub, you will die. This sub is not certified and you will die. The materials used in this sub cannot be used for the purpose they have been put to and you will die. Everyone told you not to go down in this sub because you will die. And what did they do? Yup. They signed the waiver then went down in the sub and they died.
These people's survivors have more than enough money to break that company, I'm sure. Regardless of the text of whichever country's law.
You hair goes below your eyebrows doesn't it? I imagine its kind of like Matthew McConaughey
Does anyone know if the Titan actually ever made it down to the titanic in any of its dives?
Rush was clearly putting his own ego before safety and rationality. It was clearly reckless. No way this waiver holds up in my opinion. It should not hold up either way.
"Never attribute to malice that which could been adequately explained by stupidity, but repeated stupidity is indistinguishable from malice"
Just a little side note for your sponsor I'm pretty sure he's pretty well brushed up on his math and science skills because he figured out that he can make a load of money by spending a very small amount of money.  Then found out a way to keep all that money even if something goes horribly horribly horribly wrong.  And just as a side note I'm almost a million percent positive that nobody is going to get sued over this
On the website under the faq, it said is it safe? And then it said that certified submersibles are one of the safest things and there’s never been an accident in one 😮
Canadian law might be more useful in this situation as the support ship and submarine were based here in Newfoundland. Hard to say, but I doubt oceangate is getting out of this in one piece.
Because literally being struck by lightning wasn't enough for the sign from God that they never should have gone through with this design.
If seems anything that ends with gate ends badly
If you hear a pop in a submersible, you surface immediately. You should never, EVER hear a pressure differential in the structure of your vessel. If you do, that means something failed and more pressure is being applied to an underlying system that wasn't designed to withstand that same level of pressure. It isn't metal settling to pressure, it's metal FAILING and creating faults due to pressure. In the case of a carbon fiber hull, if you heard any popping, you should just wish your children well and say goodbye. There's nothing stopping the catastrophic failure of carbon fibers because once one starts to falter, the rest follow with it like threads being torn in a jacket. That's why it's called carbon FIBER.
If the value of something is only worth as much as someone would pay for it, what if a bunch of ultra wealthy people got together and offered like $1B for the sub wreckage.  That means the value of the salvaged sub is $1B and that should be calculated in the company's valuation when being sued.  Then after the lawsuits are done, no one buys the wreckage.
It was all a bit of a Rush-job... Pdum tssch
I was watching a reaction video to Jurassic Park: The Lost World last night. I can't help but see the parallels between the disasters that happened in those films and what happened with Oceangate.  It's all corporate negligence. Trying to save money by cutting where they really shouldn't.  Ian Malcolm's warning from the first film fits what happened to a T- "Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn’t stop to think If they should.”
Five water molecules now lol
They layers will burn though any value left in oceangate very quickly.
12:15 No, Mills wasn't "crushed by the pressure of the water". Her drysuit was pressed tight against her body, because she was missing the inflator hose to add air to it, a condition us divers call "drysuit crush". It makes it harder to move. This wasn't what killed Mills but certainly made it harder to resolve the other problems like being overweighted and inexperienced.
The thruster being installed upside down, and them not even knowing it until they’re just 300M from the wreck of Titanic, is absolutely nuts. You check all the controls on a Cessna-172 in a preflight checklist before you even taxi out onto the runway. Just insanity.
Real engineering did make a good video. Do check it out
"the titan was severely damaged after being struck by lightning"... Just like touchdown Jesus, God himself didn't want this thing to go down either
The families did not sign a waiver. It seems to me the only people that cannot sue Oceangate under the waiver are the ones that Oceangate killed in the sub. How can people who were not parties to the waiver be restricted by it? Makes no sense. I hope all the parties sue in their home territories.  Oceangate should have to defend itself separately in the home jurisdiction of the people and entities that suffered loss and did not sign the idiotic waiver.
Small correction, for the girl that drowned in the National Glacier, she didn't get crushed by the pressure, actually the dry suit air pressure is exactly equal to or higher than the water pressure around you as it's required to keep it inflated. She just died of asphyxiation or drowning.
Who cares?  They ceased operations. Clearly going bankrupt and disappearing. They will hang their dead CEO out to dry. And they have cause.  And the potential plaintiffs are deceased. They were warned. They made an informed, yet stupid decision.    Play stupid games- win stupid prizes
I always get a good chuckle whenever someone says that there will be no negative consequences for OceanGate because their clients signed a waiver before getting in the sub. Yeah, uh huh, like that will help. Their clients are billionaires and I don't know if anyone has noticed, but billionaires have a weird way of winning in court, regardless of if they actually win or not.
The most surprising thing about this story is that Stuckton Rush never uttered the phrase "Spared no expense!" only to ne told that water, uh, finds a way (into your sub to crush you)
Stockton Rush was an aerospace engineer, the idiot was treating his  sub as if it was a plane.
Rush was playing Titan Roulette every time it went under. Allegedly
I find regular boats, subs, planes, cars, all unsafe dynamics
their site is now taken down as well
I'm super supportive of super risky billionaire adventure activities. Mars in a carbon fiber rocket with a Tesla dashboard. Blindfolded helicopter flying. Amateur lion and tiger taming. Squirrel suiting through rock windows. Go billionaires. Please go.
Great stuff. Very, very good and interesting breakdown as usual. Me thinks hubris played a major role.
0:12    Did you have to look for the most smug look on his face or is that just his Resting Smug Face?
Submarines innovation is of interest to military forces. Did he really they would not have researched these 'innovations' if they were promising?
The people suing are already rich 🤷‍♂️
"Who could have possibly foreseen that something will go wrong with the Titan " Well ... ALL EXPERTS who had looked into the construction of Titan. They told the CEO of OceanGate that it's dangerous what he is doing..... he did not care he wanted money and he murdered 4 people. OceanGate hides that Titan was poorly designed and constructed.
Evade any sort of legal jurisdiction, open a company in the Bahamas. Testimonials from SBF and now oceangate
they should at least get a refund since they didnt see the titanic.
How could anyone have anticipated OceanGate-gate
Dude named his company "OceanGate"... he *knew* there would be some controversial shit going down
All this attention, all this media for some worthless billionaires, when there are billions of people who need the attention, for the rest of us to care.
Someone went on this thing THREE TIMES?????!!!!
I feel so bad for that 19 year old kid. Had his entire life ahead of him
This whole ordeal is important to me bc Oceangate is based in my hometown. Imo, when your hometown is centered on something so stupid that it makes international news, you're obligated to follow every detail.  I can't wait to see how the lawsuit goes, every detail of this situation has been like a slap to the face with how crazy it keeps getting.
At least they died before even realising they were going to die. Something in the order of milliseconds. No pain, no nothing.
Real engineering in the clip at ~5:30 is talking about an acoustic monitoring system for the carbon fiber hull not the window of the submersible.
I know plane crashes don’t happen very often, but how do these sorts of cases typically get determined with airlines?
fraud  is clear in misrepresenting the risks
the founder is dead, company finished.
The more i hear about this incident, the more i think Stockton was deliberately trying to murder people.
The Titan seems closer to an expensive toy with people in it rather than a real properly-designed mini-submarine. It's a death trap :( Hope OceanGate gets sued for everything they have for putting people in this deathtrap.
At 4:10, the fact that the actual harm inflicted was enumerated in the waiver makes it obvious that it was foreseeable.  The fact that the vessel was not certified leaves the entire liability with OceanGate and not shared with any certification organization.  The fact that US citizens were killed opens the Bahamas judicial and political bodies up to our federal government's duty to protect these citizens as specified in the US Constitution and further mandated by federal law.  Some contracts simply cannot be enforced by government -- one related example is a contract to kill a human... in this case a contract to recklessly risk several humans. Standard engineering practice includes a safety margin of 30% beyond the worst likely case.  OceanGate had the responsibility to test the vessel at depths exceeding 4950 m before taking passengers to 3800 m.  Such tests (plural) to include rigorous evaluation of the hull's integrity between down-up cycles.  Since invisible water currents make it likely, such tests also should include bumping into a solid.  Without thorough records that these tests were passed, I cannot envision OceanGate's liability waiver being deemed valid.  At best, the passengers and company should share the liability about equally. Incidentally, when one direction is in compression, the other two directions (in 3D objects) are in tension (and vice versa).  It is, in fact, possible to weave carbon fibers in a way that sustains the ocean's compression.  I have watched Titan's construction videos where these strategies were NOT employed.  They used the simplest and cheapest layering that even supports tension only circumferentially and not axially.
It is likely irrelevant whether they can be successfully sued or if the liability waiver is legit.  Oceangate likely doesn't have meaningful assets to seize and I have my doubts that they had sufficient insurance given all the other corners that were cut.  Does the estate of a billionaire who has $250k for a trip to the Titanic really want to waste time to get a meager amount from a nearly bankrupt company who's CEO is dead.
Interesting, but this took too much news coverage from the ship full of refugees that sank and killed hundreds.
If this sub was full of poor immigrants nobody would be talking about it or even care, but because it's a bunch of millionaires we suddenly care so much about this. Don't get me wrong, we should care about this but we should also care about the gross negligence and atrocities that are happening with the migrant  ships that keep sinking and killing way more people
since the owner also was in the sub, could you not say that he really did not think there was unnecessary risk? could this disprove the "gross negligence" claims?
At the risk of being nitpicky, while the depth rating for the acrylic porthole was certainly nowhere near adequate for the operating depth, Real Engineering’s graphs and analogy for strain curve and failure modes was referring to the carbon composites in the hull, not the acrylic viewing port.
This guy was really a fan of carbon fiber. He thought it looked cool. What a tool.
I have absolutely no sympathy for Rush but I feel very sorry for the other members that put  their trust in his delusion
"Who could have possibly foreseen something going wrong with the Titan sub?" The engineers they fired for being "old white guys" forsaw it.
Excellent video,  the release form section made me have flashbacks. Used to run a rental/repair ski and snowboard shop on a ski resort. We were told countless times that even though they signed a form we needed to be extra careful because if we screwed up it didn't mean we were safe from a lawsuit.
My biggest question is.. i know theres alot of people involved but it seems like the person who is 99.9% at fault for literally everything that went wrong or was skirting legality was Stockton Rush.   I assume his wife or someone took control of the company but the main perpetrator actually went down with the ship...
I haven't heard back after contacting you guys and submitting a form about my stabbing 4 years ago, and I sent the form in months ago. 😕
First illuminatie, then thw ocean gate.... were going deep (watching from then surface monitor because the wavers seem to loose with wording)
even if everything structurally wrong with the sub, still not going on a sub whos whole system is backed by windows
Smart people that were so closed minded to the danger !  Don’t get it
Ever since Titan ii killed its passengers, I have waited for your take on the situation. Love your work.
Did y'all hear about what us dumb*ss Canadians are doing here now? We made a submarine too. Why're we so dumb?
"It's Bahama Law, Ma! The Oceangate form is up for debate, causing a lot of heat and hate, mate!"
Like I said before apepsi bolted with a screw on top every time u open a pop what happens it gets weak And in side ex ploshen Ps so sad Pe0ple with Money don't have common sences😮 Jerry penman
This video is a rundown of potential witnesses and experts for the civil suit(s).
U are BRILLIANT!!! ✨️👏👏👏
Zip ties - that's perfect 😂
If possible, I'd like to hear your thoughts about what's going on with Shein.  Thanks in advance.
I once signed a waiver to go skydiving that tried to waiver negligence. You can't waiver negligence. If the pilot doesn't put fuel in the plane and we crash, definitely a lawsuit. If the tandem instructor packs his laudry instead of a parachute, definitely still a lawsuit.   If the main parachute deploys incorrectly and the reserve also fails, you may still have a case. Depending on the reason for failure. Did a gust of wind tangle the lines? (Foreseeable -- no case) Did someone untrained pack the parachute? Was the parachute frayed and past its lifetime of usefulness? Was there a known manufacturer defect that they should have or were aware of. All still potential cases.  If you get whiplash from the chute opening, or break your leg on a hard landing, those are both foreseeable risks.
We all died in a homemade submarine, a homemade submarine, a homemade….
Let’s be clear. THE WERE CUTTING CORNERS TO CUT ON COSTS TO MAXIMIZE THEIR PROFITS.
"this is to other submersibles as the iPhone was to the Blackberry"?  What a great analogy!  Blackberries had removable/upgradable/swappable batteries.  iPhones don't.  Blackberries had physical keyboards.  iPhones don't.  Blackberries had security features that made them better for doing business with.  iPhones don't.   Blackberries were designed by qualified engineers and could reach test depth without imploding...oh wait, the analogy sprung a leak!   Not to say Blackberries were perfect, or even good...but an iPhone isn't a high bar to step over.  They're a dumbed down useless little slab of fail.
That Contract stuff reminds of something i had with a Gym here in Germany. They had a Paragraph in their Contract that stated that i dont have the right to cancel the contract early when i move to another state or city multiple hundreds of kilometers away. YET, its a right to cancel a contract under special circumstances, a "special termination right " so to say. I hit the gym up and informed them that i had to move ( due to work ( i work for the government so its not unusual )), they told me that its not possible to cancel my contract and that i had signed the contract and agreed to their terms. I said that it may be true, but just because its in the contract doesnt mean its valid, so i had to contact my lawyer which contacted them and informed them that their contract is BS and not lawfully, which in terms mean i could cancel my contract earlier. He said " Welp, you could also say : If you sign this contract i`m allowed to kill your cat", which of course isnt allowed under germanys laws, so your contract, or that specific paragraph, has no power.   Its kinda funny that people think its legaly valid just because its in a contract. Same applies to Rent Contracts, which also sometimes have the craziest stuff in it which actually doesnt have any effect under german law, sincei ts simply not allowed.
Communication failures on they're three trips one year. Why did you keep going!
Jeez,. Quit with the "video game controller garbage. It was a controller made by a company that	ALSO makes video game controllers. Not only that, but video game controllers are designed and proved to be extremely rugged and reliable.
Could there be a court that handles international water cases when it's unclear which nation has jurisdiction?
This Stockton Rush guy sounds like a major irresponsible POS who had no business taking passengers on life-threatening trips to the bottom of the ocean. Like holy shit I wouldn't trust him to fetch my mail while I'm gone.
8:12
I doubt if there's much to gain from a lawsuit due to the waiver. Might be best to ensure that a certification  is enforced going forward...
I worked briefly in the insurance industry and can say no waiver will shield you from criminal negligence and endangerment.
I think their bigger problem is that the victims were rich, so the families have money to pay good lawers and the case had a lot of press, so there will be a lot of lawers wanting to be part of it.
Weirdly attracted to James Cameron now. He actually gained some credibility during this situation.
Who knew Rush would rush things like this?
If the passengers were considered as "crew" to get around legalities I wonder if the workers compensation insurance might get pulled into the mess
lipton cockton.
You have an error in the video. The cracking monitoring system clip you borrowed from Real Engineering was talking about the carbon fiber hull and not the window.
megalomaniacs like this erode any industry they touch - had this gone to plan you can guarantee he would have pushed to loosen regulations on passenger and vehicle safety. He would have expanded this business as much as he could making as much as he could before he was finally shut down by lawsuits and bad press on deaths. Then he probably would have made it out with millions paid a bit of a fine and gotten off with no consequence. Fortunately instead he popped like a balloon on the onset unfortunately it wasn't alone but i rather the cause of an issue get it on one of the first attempts than untold numbers of people suffering until the situation is corrected
"I love plexiglass because i can hear the moment of my death" lmao
As a Newfoundlander, thank you for pronouncing Newfoundland correctly!
An accident waiting to happen I'm afraid.
This company will be sued to extinction. The paying passengers are extremely wealthy and can afford the legal bills, and Rush screwed up badly.
"We're not testing our sub because we think it will fail." Yeah, that's gross negligence.
5:45 He was talking about the BODY, not the window specifically. Does not change that there was a red flag, but he was specifically talking about another one.
I am only now realizing that OceanGate is the actual name of the submarine's company, and not just what people have decided to name the whole situation. Good grief, this thing keeps getting more ridiculous by the minute lol
Lay off the physics, you aren't that good at it! "The window would be exposed to xxxx psi" Well yeah, it's at depth under water. And so would ALL of the exterior structure. Thats how pressure works
My dad would have NEVER signed that thing. He reads every contract, terms of service agreement, and hell yes waivers. It's wild to me how he's the only person I've ever known who does that.  *We were in Cancun and there was a large waiver we were supposed to sign to go parasailing. It had similar language to this oceangate contract, he proceeded to laugh at them and we went jet skiing elsewhere that day.
I remember as a kid how fascinated I was with Robert Ballard's discovery and exploration of the wreck. Looking at the contrast between how thoughtful, intelligent, and diligent Ballard was in his operation and how Rush ran his operation is jarring.
If youre a billionaire why would you not license the technologies from other companies or just license the use of another companies sub?  This is definitely a case of severe gross negligence.
World's most expensive murder/suicide ever.
The CEO saying that the Titan sub was "what the iPhone was to the Blackberry" is so ridiculous, because the iPhone can always afford to be wacky and experimental, because it doesn't risk KILLING its users
lol everything about this is so shady " they didnt spend 250k on tickets, they donated 250k to my company and then I gave them tickets. totally seperate duh"
I’m glad legal eagle is advertising for himself instead of other companies.
How to make big bucks by convincing rich, bored people to play Russian Roulette with their lives. And it worked... until the loaded chamber came up.
This is why you never include the word, "gate" in name of your company or business...or hotel.
I mean there is a lot of video evidence where the CEO states how bad he is at following some basic saftey steps all because he thinks they are jealous.
seriously hope they get sued into bankrupsy.
the families lawyers: 👀✍️
Man, I gotta ask.... Are you competing in an ugly tie contest? If you are well done! You're gonna place highly. If not.... Well. 🤷‍♂️  I'm pretty sure you see where I'm going with this. 😅👍
Man, law sure is complicated.
Yoi can sue anyone for anything, which means nothing when said company only has $19 million in assets and files  chapter 7 BK! I'm not sure what a billionaire family would want from this . We aren't talking about suing Microsoft or Apple here
I feel like a lot of the CEOs comments could kill their waiver. Because it sounds like he willfully kept going despite knowing it potentially had issues.
Let's say we take the comparison to skydiving and run with it. In my opinion his waiver is about as meaningful as if a company neglected to tell its clients that they would be using surplus parachutes from WWII that had been gathering dust in a warehouse since the war and hadn't been inspected by anybody, and that they would be flying in a plane from the same era cobbled together exclusively from mismatched parts salvaged from junked planes. How many people would strap on those parachutes and board that plane?
Our society has become litigious to the extreme. Unethical lawyers/people have ruined much…so sad.
the plaint would be that the defendant withheld information about just how dangerous the dive was, and oversold its safety and that if the victims knew of all the risks truly involved, they would not have participated tho the last part we can't know for sure as all the victims had perished in the accident I imagine that would be one of their lines of defens should they fail to convince the judge that the participants were sufficiently informed to begin with
I'm just continuously surprised that this thing even worked, multiple times even. I guess they kept it simple. That tie is really pretty. Lol.
You could probably form a new channel just to follow this rat king of a legal Charlie Foxtrot. You can sell programs!  Seriously though, I enjoy,appreciate, and learn from your channel.
OceanGate Fleshlight
I think the nail in the coffin is the fact that the carbon fiber hull had been damaged and needed to be replaced. It functioned for the previous dives and would have functioned if it had been replaced. However, they decided to cut cost and it ended in disaster. That is gross negligence.
The people who boarded the sub took his words about it being safe in good faith. The waiver, while covering death, never really implied to sub was dangerous, which it was. They were essentially lured into a death trap by a con man.
At the start btw if ya look closely yes.. that's right the monitor is screwed directly into the hull. 😬
Right when this shit went down when I 1st hear about a sub called “ocean gate” I was already skeptical. Then after a day they start talking about the sun and showing videos. Then I seen the PS controller and was immediately flabbergasted. This dude is changing $250k and he’s using something you can buy $18 on eBay. I’ve seen more elaborate tech on a $3,000 hanglider. Then I was looking at the sub thinking “no hatch and the view port” I’m not even an expert and already was questioning that shit. Now weeks later all this info coming out man…
Please look at the FTC and CMA opposing rulings in the Activision Microsoft merger.😅  Love the channel!❤
Everything about this company and this trip was shady and vague on purpose. The ultra-rich made all their wealth through legal loopholes this is just how they live and it's how they died
"oh this risk simply cannot be eliminated therefore we will not address it at all."
6000 psi is 3 tons per square inch, not 2 tons
"I would love to be part of the Titanic."  Wish granted.
Can you give your interpretation of SEC VS Ripple?
Oh, I KNEW this was going to happen!
incoming barrage of "AS A, AS A, AS A" people
Remember, Regulations are written in Blood
I would say the fact that they made a sub out of carbon fiber without doing extensive fatigue testing is gross negligence  Eg we are starting to make plane parts out of carbon fiber and we've had to do A LOT of fatigue testing to find just the right manufacturing technique. This company didn't do that
GOOD
Here's the real uncomfortable truth: Stockton Rush brought "disruption" CEO culture to the depths, and the ocean said "No". How long until Elon or Jeff or Richard sacrifice a crew to space? How many of us are they and their fellow cohorts already sacrificing here down on the warm hard ground?
My degree is in engineering, not law, but it sounds like this case will be won or lost on procedural grounds. Oceangate was indefensibly negligent, so they have to get the suits thrown out before that question can be litigated.
I’ve been anticipating this video excitedly
According to an online inflation calculator, $664,000 in 1915 is $20,000,000 in today's dollars.
For years, the US-based hobby organization I belonged to had us sign an activity waiver, even while knowing that it wasn't legal in Canada, where we were playing. Eventually we all found out, and just kept signing it, knowing that we were free to sue under the appropriate circumstances. This is how I attained my current level of disdain for waivers.
I wonder to what extent the CEO (assuming for the moment there are no allegations of suicidality) being on board impacts assumptions around the corporate knowledge of risk.
More common sense, more personable responsibilities, fewer lawyers
My partner of 16 years was on the Conception, along with 2 of her sisters, her father and stepmother. I think about you every day, Evan..hope to see you again, somewhere down the road.
Like a lot of people, you bring up the fact that they used a video game controller as if it was laughable and absurd... but the US navy uses video game controllers on its submarines as well. They're just very, very good interface devices.
Have to feel sorry for the teen. He certainly didn't read the waiver.
Even with all you said, riding the Titan Submarine was still a hell of a lot safer then climbing Everest and Everest not only charges over ten thousand dollars for admission, the path to the summit is marked with the dead bodies of past patrons.
I wish if he was so eager to die that he'd first give me his money
You have to love that Oceangate used SpaceX as an example of innovators that are making progress by ignoring the rules... when SpaceX's safe landing/horrible fiery explosion ratio is like 30/70. And half their launches are on pads not rated for that level of explosive thrust, spraying concrete shrapnel far out of the gated off Danger Zone. Hitting and Damaging property around the launch site.
The game controller was one of the least objectionable parts of the Titan. Game controllers are generally quite robust and extremely well tested.  The same unfortunately cannot be said for the rest of the Titan.
Rush actually makes Elon Musk look reasonable. I remember when SpaceX were test-launching their crew capsule fpr human-rating, I half-wondered if Musk would sneak aboard in defiance of regulations. He didn't, but I wonder if Rush would have?
3:28 The fact he took it as a _personal_ insult shows you that this guy was not thinking as a _professional._
Does the question “was the injured party coerced into the inherently risky behavior?” only apply if the party coercing the injured party was related to the creation of the contract? Because 19 year old Suleman Dawood didn’t even want to go on the submersible, and could’ve arguably been coerced to go on by his father. However, his father didn’t have any relation to the creation of the contract. Would this mean that the answer to “was the injured party coerced into the inherently risky behavior?” Is no?
15:30 , I have watched it and agree, it's the best scientific analysis I've seen of the incident here on YouTube to date.
Guy son didn't want to go
10:16
I don't know what the law is, but it seems quite unfair to me if the waiver is upheld. I would have read that waiver as saying "the act of diving in a submarine is inherently dangerous", whereas the objection to OceanGate is that they recklessly made it more dangerous.
DOSA these nuts
Lightning striking the sub is bad enough an omen, posideon clearly wanted none of their shit
💀
wut he compared the submersible as safer than a helicopter? the waiver even said his craft is experimental, and it goes in a way more dangerous environment
Millionaires have lawyers on their payroll, they could have easily read the waiver and can explain you what it means. The company Ocean Gate is literally experimental. They had no right to take passengers. They did so many shady things as devin mentioned, it blows my mind how the whole experiment was put together.
I am sure dead billionaires have some very good and expensive lawyers as well as leg breakers, and hatchet men on payroll.   Getting sue is the least of their problems.  Just sayin...
Egotistical billionaires who equate ignoring safety standards with "innovation" are typically smart enough to keep some kind of exception or golden parachute tucked away for themselves. They're willing to risk the lives or livelihoods of others, but not their own. It's rare to find one so lost in the sauce that he goes down with his own deathtrap. I hope the families of those on board get every penny they can out of Oceangate.
2:16 you stopped too soon. The next line:   "Additional dangers may include the hazards of accident or illness in remote places without to access to emergency medical facilities *and acts of God* "
The ocean is basically the opposite version of the air. And there is no industry more regulated then the air travel. Doesn't matter how rich and powerful you are, if the engineers deems your plane unsafe to fly, you wouldn't even be to hit the tarmac with it, let alone be up in the sky and for very good reasons. So the fact that a submarine company could get away with not having engineers deem it safe is baffling to me, especially since, unlike airtravel, survival  underwater is less likely.
That man was if not just horrible, a shining example of when stinginess and ignorance costs many peoples lives. He definitely had it coming a million miles away. I'm sorry for the 19 year old kid who was on the sub as well.
So if the goal was innovation in the field...why experiment with passengers on board?
Republicans take note: This is what happens when you don't respect regulations.
Lmao he does not return phone calls. I called with a legit legal issue and his office never returned the call so I went with a different attorney.
That carbon fiber hull definitely had a small crack after a few dives. Ask an archer if they would shoot a carbon fiber arrow with a crack in it.
very satisfying, as always.
damn idk how i havent subscribed, great channel
One aspect I'm curious about--and it's probably one of those things that are intuitive but oddly irrelevant legally--has to do with Stockton Rush's accompanying the passengers on the expedition. This would certainly go a long way in allaying a passenger's doubts about the safety of a trip, in effect making the language of the waiver read like mere boilerplate.
Can't see it holding up in court. Pretty sure it covers everyone.  Funny how lawyers cone in like greedy hawks. Same week 1000's of poor immigrants drowned and no lawyers speak up. Every lawyer phoning about this should be fired.
Every person who dies trying to see the titanic deserves to meet Davy Jones. Leave it alone!
The guy died, the company has no money, I see no lawsuit
I didn't know that PlayStation has xyab buttons...
😂😂 Seeing the democrat elites be pissed is the highlight of my year, maybe they shouldn't be so stupid
Does the fact that the reports and letters from the MTS and others being publicly available come into play?  The passengers had the ability to read the opinions of the experts that were counter to oceangates.
24:13 GOAT sickest throw to a sponsor segment ever ⚾⚾😳🤣
I kinda wonder how much research those billionaires did about this trip. I imagine they hired assistants and secretaries to vet these kind of activities for them. And whether they know the risks but think it didn't apply to them.
Originally I was wondering why folks kept getting into that obvious deathtrap but it’s pretty easy to surmise the answer is a combination of being told it was safer than it was and hubris.
Seems to me family of the 17 year old could sue on his behalf since from what i hear he didn't want to go and was essentially dragged aboard
Why not just leave the Titanic alone. people are nuts to want to do that.
Using Brilliant to design their submarine would have been right up OceanGate’s alley.
My personal opinion is 3 and 4 might be applicable in the Titan Submersible if vehicle can not meet with industry standards for something that meant go 2 miles underwater.
Sue every bit they have monsters 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
"This is what the iPhone was to the BlackBerry"  👀👀👀  Less secure? 🤣
20:35 $664,000 in 1915 is equivalent to just over $20 million today. You’re welcome.
Who’s pay for the search and recovery of these idiots? Right now it’s my tax dollars!!! Wtf
If the family of the billionaires are allowed to so, it is game over.  Billionaires are not sueing to get more money, they are suing to shut you down or bog you up in so much litigation you will not see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Dude was more worried about his ego than his and his clients safety .. 😵
I believe that the TITAN not being made of TITANium is just a basic bad decision
STOCKTON CRUSHED
Who could've forseen the disaster? Honestly, almost anyone. It does not take an engineering degree to recognize that the thing was fourth-rate. It was never going to be good for anything but a burial at sea.
As a research scientist, that comment that regulation stifles innovation is straight up bull 💩and a massive insult. Yes, we look for 'better and cheaper' but 'better' includes doing the job that needs to be done. What Oceangate did was use cheaper materials and hope they didn't get caught before they made their cash. There's no innovation there; only greed.
And who they want to charge? The main responsible person/head is dead. So does no matter if they bankrupt, get sued or shit. It done deal.
As soon as you willingly enter any sort of dangerzone, you should be prepared to die in it!!
If the families can find a court in which to sue, using the laws of that country which the lawsuit is placed, I wonder even if they won the lawsuit, what compensation they might receive.  I don’t see Ocean Gate doing business after this incident. They have already put their other “sub” up for sale for $800k, with the statement that the vessel is for show purposes only, and not for dives.  Interesting.   The passengers each paid $250k to go on the trip, so $1M total. Does Ocean Gate even have $1M to pay out?  I could see the company shuttering before any lawsuits can be filed.
he also claimed to have worked with NASA when he actually just rented and used machines after hour when no one but guards there.
You can't get blood from a stone. Or crushed carbon fibre.
had gone* ahead, no one in litigation should be saying "had went", especially a native speaker.
Thanks for the great legal breakdown
Carbon fibre is a great material for building subs; it's better than loads of other materials: wool, cardboard, pottery... Way better.
Spinning😅
Its Darwinis   its physics , its Hubris , deadly , stupid arrogance   , sum this and yuo have 5 dead people
Based on that clip, it seems like the owner of the company saw himself as a character our culture loves: the outsider, whom the experts say is wrong but who, through sheer gumption, shows them all.  That is, like sovereign citizens, he probably wasn't ignoring all the people telling him what he was doing was wrong--rather, he interpreted that a positive thing, the proof that he was a heroic outsider.
Bringing new meaning to the old saying "All safety regulations are written in blood. "   Guess good ole Stockton didn't read that one. 🤷‍♀️
I'm not really sure why people always focus on the game controller as an issue. It's not. The US military uses game controllers for things themselves because they're cheap and reliable. There's no reason to reinvent the wheel. The issue with the Titan was that it was wireless. If a wireless system malfunctions, you don't really have any alternatives. (Ie: Losing your connection to the sub's wifi which is a serious enough issue by itself that wireless should never have been used to begin with.) And since a wireless controller operates on batteries, if those batteries run out of power then you're basically screwed. A wired controller would run off the sub's power systems though. The controller itself is by far the least egregious design decision for the Titan.
“That’s just the tip of the iceberg” what a comedian
I wouldn't have gone to the bottom of a swimming pool in that thing, looks like a prop from Final Destination.
The game controller on this sub worked by Bluetooth? I can't even keep my Bluetooth speaker consistently hooked up on dry land in my bedroom without glitches.
Absolute tragedy but this incident will save lives and serve to drive other sketchy rich, dilettante tourist "businesses" to close shop.
If a submarine can be controlled by a game controller, I'm staying on dry land.
0:52 ruins that they easily could have seen with a quick Google search , but without the crushing weight .... of idiocy
I think they chose Bahamas because under English law it would be treated as "death due to misadventure", no?
ty for educating the world
I maintain that even I, a lay man without a college degree, could guess that a commercial company controlled by its billionaire CEO was the last entity I'd trust to safely get anyone all the way down to the ocean floor to see the titanic with their own eyes.  And my time in uniform has taught me to see this as extremely preventable, and a lesson in hubris.
One legal precedent remains that can not be challenged:  "The only undisputed beneficiaries of any lawsuit are the lawyers, accountants, record keepers and other professionals involved in prosecuting and/or defending said legal action" (a bit wisdom passed on from my late father).
They say the sharks later dined at Five Guys Restaurant!
Grew up in a navy town, we build submarines. Every person I know that has seen the stats on this thing was having a straight up conniption over how poorly they built this sub. But I know they were actually killed by the ghosts of the people in steerage as these rich folk came down to disturb their watery grave.
I am curious to see what potential changes could come of this. This was an avoidable tragedy... not through more science, necessarily, or even oversight. But it should have been avoided by using common sense or at the very least, a genuine concern for clients. None of that was present. I think that is why the disclaimers would not hold up under US law. Under Bahamas, law, though, will they hold up? Should be interesting. Also, Devin, where can I get that tie!?!?
Who's at the helm of OceanGate now ??
nice law support video 😊
Sounds like Oceangate spent more thought and effort into designing the waiver than they did designing the Titan submersible itself...
The Titanic was one of several vessels made from the same blueprint. (the Olympic class ships) Technically, the Titanic sank... 3 times. That's a lot for an unsinkable...
Submersivle.
19:49  And this is why their was a 4 day search So these scumbags could cover their ass. Hence the "we hear noises"
For one thing, there is probably little if anything monetarily Oceangate has left. They may have been in the red anyway given Rush's operating practices to save money. Also, did anyone on that submersible need the money? Maybe they want to make a point. If so, the point has been made. The CEO is dead and the world is well aware of the safety issues involved in this incident.
These people are simply dumb. Having all the money in the world and not doing their research before stepping into the equivalent of a sinking coffin is beyond silly. They went in there knowingly. But, OceanGate should close its doors for sure.  Anyway, this is a "more money than sense situation."
I think I will find the movie the Titanic to see the ship.  It 99.9% cheaper and 100% less lethal than going 2.5 miles underwater.  It is whole a lot safer
As a native born and raised Newfoundlander it’s nice to hear someone who can pronounce Newfoundland correctly. To help out rest of the Legal Eagles  fans to to pronounce Newfoundland if you can say understand then you can say Newfoundland. 😊
Who should sue them, all the dead persons were well aware of the danger and what is the purpose of a trail. They all had more than enough money and their families are extremely rich. I dont understand why they want to waste time on trail to get more money. They have lost their love ones and cannot get them back.
Sounds like the sub was less safe than your average traveling carnival ride.
Could the intentional misrepresentation of the passengers and their payments/"donations" with the intent to evade laws potentially make the company/owner liable of some sort of fraud or other crime?
Question - what is there to gain by suing? Isn't the company defunct now?
If only the dedication put into finding legal loopholes had been put into building a dive-worthy vessel.
The video game controller thing gets a lot of press, but those are actually standard practice me. It's probably the only thing they did correctly.
The oceangate situation was morally just. More billionaires need to trick other billionaires into elaborate, obvious death schemes.
For how much money they make... I cannot believe HOW LITTLE they invested in proper engineering technology/safety/back up systems/stress limitations potential they would be undergoing far exceeding operating limit's. *If they wanted good PR, good reviews, returning customers from hearing/seeing other people's good experience's. *It makes NO SENSE why they would skip on investing in the submersible engineering design, that's literally the WORST thing for them to not take seriously. There is no leeway with that.. it either catastrophically fails or it doesn't.. there shouldn't be a chance that it catastrophically fails... Don't operate at such depths, stresses, with people unless you over design, build, engineer for it. It's so frustrating because they charged a quarter of a million PER PERSON for this bad quality.. makes no sense..
if you want the most simplified version and save yourself 25 min. gross negligence does not hold up in waiver, never did and never will, oceangate will drown just like its sub
Well the victims signed it, doesn’t cover the families. However what are the families expecting to gain??? Money wasn’t make you feel better, won’t stop it happening again and won’t take away from  their pain and suffering.
This is such a tragedy. The 19 year old didn't want to go, but he did it because it was Father's Day. PH on the other hand, knew he was not going to survive if he kept going on the Titan. However he was widowed and majorly depressed. Due to his status, he actually gave more creedence to the Titan submersible without really meaning to.
Oceangate killed billionaires. Thats all you need to know, they're going down.
𝗪𝗵𝘆 𝗗𝗼𝗲𝘀 𝗪𝗮𝗿 𝗘𝘅𝗶𝘀𝘁? 𝗜𝘀 𝗜𝘁 𝗦𝗼𝗺𝗲𝘁𝗵𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗗𝗲𝗲𝗽𝗹𝘆 𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗹𝗮𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝗶𝗻 𝗛𝘂𝗺𝗮𝗻 𝗡𝗮𝘁𝘂𝗿𝗲?  War exists because the universe is made up of two opposing forces: reception and bestowal. When these forces do not enter into a balance, then they short circuit and try to destroy each other. That mutual effort of each side to eliminate the other is war.  The root cause of war is in the clash of these opposite forces of nature: reception and bestowal. That clash of spiritual forces gives rise to wars that unfold in our material world.  Therefore, stopping war at its source requires developing a regulating sense that has the ability to bestow above our innate force of reception, which are our self-serving desires that aim solely at absorbing into ourselves. In the language of Kabbalah, that bestowing sense is called a “screen” (Heb. “Masach”). Through this new regulating sense, we can acquire a state of positive and balanced human connection.  That is the key to a war-free, harmonious and peaceful existence.
They fired someone over a safety concern. That’s gotta be gross negligence
When they relaunch the company, they should call it HeavensGate.
Naah - this isn´t gross negligence.  There is no "lack of care that demonstrates reckless disregard for the safety or lives of others" here. The (co) CEO himself was on the trip and believed in his own idea so much that he died for it. If it had been an obvious sham, he wouldn't have been there. The vessel can be considered seaworthy since similiar trips have been successful. Yes, industry experts think the vessel is unsafe, but that is not the same as reckless disregard. It has to be something that deviates from what a reasonable person would do and joining this trip (who hasn't had any "major" accidents before - all those things mentioned still resulted in a successful dive or an aborted dive where no one died) is risky, but far from certain death. A reasonable person might do risky things - for example make a dive from a cliff into a mass of water, despite the risk of possible rocks. You being unlucky is not a sign of negligence. Like say surgery - some operations succeed and some fail. That doesn't mean doctors show reckless disregard if the patient die.    In addition - the vessel was on international water. Therefore there are NO safety regulations that has to be followed (which differ from the diving example since it was based in Montana and all talk about coastal waters does't apply either) and as stated it is very hard to figure out which nation, if any, that have jurisdiction in the first place. US law do certainly not apply. I honestly do not see the potential legal routes that could be taken here. The waiver say it is dangerous, experimental and mentions death SEVERAL times and I am baffled that people can make the argument that more information really was needed and I for one would have a hard time siding with the victims if I were in the jury.   So yes - the waiver will hold up. Because I have a hard time seeing a scenario where it won't.
Comrade titanic 2  Wealthy fools 0  Very good comrade titanic. Continue your wonderful work.
Honestly a submersible like that might be really fun in a different context. If you could use it to explore shallower areas that don't have the risk from such immense pressure and where you could be tethered to a ship above you, it would be a cool thing to play with
Oceangate needs to get sunk.
Can you do a video about common law?
Rush should have been put in prison maybe he wanted to commit suicide and took 4 other souls with him sick man
It's a tragedy that anyone died, but you've also lost an expert on the Titanic, there aren't many of them kicking about.
🤣 Omg wow I had no idea legal eagle is still on youtube pretending to understand the law. Good for you buddy !.
Why do I feel urge to drink coffee?
Sued for what? Their only assests are a bunch of pieces of a sub and a bowl of people soup...
Sorry.. He looks such a disgrace.. I think he was on drugs... To get the others to go with him.. He is a con Artist.. A fraudster... His looks itself give his actions away... The govt should seize every bit of property and make his family pay.   Seize all property and cash.  A fraudster should not be spared even after death...
My money is on glue.....
This is like going to into space without shielding against solar waves or heat shielding on the way back down
I wouldn’t go to titanic if it sat like the uss arizona .
why…just why?
The most troubling thing to me is that it didn't undergo a thorough check after the reports of it sounding like it was cracking. And apparently it even got struck by lightning and stuff. The entire thing could of been prevented with proper maintenance which would of discovered the issues.
Thunderf00t has done a couple good vids on this from a physics standpoint, thenmain problem with the carbon fiber is that it's bonded to a material with different stiffness (the titanium front and rear) which means that it flexes at different rates which puts stress on the joins (this is why most subs are single piece hulls made from a single material with the only joins being then porthole and hatch
I predict Rush will be bankrupt  and the company will shut down
I don't think Rush is too bothered by any lawsuits at this point.
Alternate Title:  What happens when all your corporate loopholes form a noose?
TBH in this case I don’t really care what happens, the CEO suffered the ultimate consequence for his actions, and I’m pretty sure ocean gate will go out of business anyway. The main consequence that I hope will come from this situation will be that countries outlaw these tourism companies risking peoples lives with uncertified vehicles.  Hell where I live my Car has to be certified every two years if its still safe, then why doesn’t this apply to rocket and submersibles?
Common sense is free and available to anyone who cares to use it.
Guys guys, stop making these videos. It's personally insulting Stockton Rush.
The first video or article on the subject that I care to look at.
Tried explaining that to my dad, most contracts and release of liabilities are not enforceable
The fact the dude was so proud that he made a dodgy, unsafe submarine without caring about safety should have been a warning to everyone. No wonder they are being sued.
The choice of law provision says Bahama law applies.  Is that also a choice of venue?  Let’s say it is.  If the passengers relatives bring a claim in the Bahama Court and the relatives’ claims are dismissed, the case may be barred by res judicata.  That means you can only bring a claim once.  If you lose, a claimant can’t just sue again and again until the claimant wins.
Am I understanding this correctly? They were using bluetooth to connect to the top ship, which would communicate back to the propellers? Or the blue tooth was in the submarine?
Suing OceanGate will simply be a waste of money to those seeking compensation. The winners in the matter will be all of those "experts" and lawyers who will get paid for their services. Even if there is an insurance policy to go after it's not likely large enough to make the investigation and legal costs a worthy cause to seek.  Sad...those passengers knew the risks unfortunately for Richard S Rush, he had a flawed obtuse mind when it came to reality and risk.
Just now realizing oceangate is the real company name... Now its got a name in history. "The Oceangate Disaster"
What is the purpose of suing the company?  The founder and owner was one of the people that died in that trip.  Who is going to pay any judgement?
14:29  the military uses Xbox control on theirs submarine
Man, stockton rush was scum
I was going to argue that there is nothing wrong with using an "off-brand game controller" to control a sub, but then it was indicated to be _wireless._ Who would think using a wireless controller is a good idea?  (Despite the fact that video games are just considered like a consumer item, they're specifically designed to be able to work complex controls into a single, ergonomic package, and need to be robust enough for long-term use, by _children,_ without breaking. This robust design is why many militaries use game controllers, either off-the shelf or modified, for controlling drones, etc.)
International water, duh!
Any money should go to reimburse for the search crews expenses.  The dead people chose to take the known and informed risk.  They should indemnify themselves.
"submerciful"...?
The podcast Behind the Bastards does a good deep dive into Stocky's background if you want more.
Oceangate has had more than adequate time to hide all the assets through inumerable shell companies. They have lawyers too!
So, can Gilligan sue the owner of the Minnow?
So a company based in the Bahamas operating out of Canada in international waters, will be sued by the UK, Pakistani, and French families, in a USA court because ... ?  The only way the USA courts have any jurisdiction at all is due to the USA citizen on board .. and he is more likely to be the target of a case ...
Oh dear they're going to go down faster than the titan.
Something like sueing a single ice cream cart vendor.
But the countless successful dives or close calls might just become evidence that the titan was capable of handing potential trouble encountered in the sea and the fact that titan may legally pass the bar as being sea worthy??
He admit right there that there risk
It's interesting that the Titanic wasn't done killing people when it sank.
Come along and ride on a Domestic voyage...
For your next video, could you maybe discuss the recent situations with Mason Greenwood and Benjamin Mendy. The differences between their situations, the context of their legal outcomes and impacts of each situation for future players?
15:31 yes I agree.
Tip of the iceberg sounds familiar
Random question: if the oceans dried up or receded past the point of agreed international waters, would that land still be considered international land? I guess like the poles?
I feel like if they explained what happened to the human body at that depth, nobody would go. But I am stupid🤷‍♀️ I might just be smarter than a couple billionaires tho
So wait, all those annoying, restrictive industry regulations are there for a good reason?? 🤯
It looked like a piece of plumbing.
If the Bahamas operate under English common law - (and under English common law you cannot waive your legal rights) - then liability waivers have very very little if any relevance to any matter presented to a judge. Oceangate are 100% liable waiver or no waiver. The judge can simply ignore the existance of any waiver, as it holds no force in law.
Imagine being a submarine and getting hit by lightning
Jettison OceanGate !
OceanGate may rue the phrase "... [these] risks simply cannot be eliminated ..." Is this adequate disclosure when numerous experts warned sooner or later a catastrophic event was bound to occur? And experts advocated nondestructive testing and pointed out the limitations of the acoustic monitoring system? Even 10 minutes of warning is meaningless when it may take far longer (hours?) to ascend from the deep. To what extent due the statements (allegedly false) about the partners Boeing, NASA become relevant as false, misleading or fraud (fraudulent inducement) affect the waiver? When the CEO is bragging about "breaking rules" (or norms) and how certification and safety stifle innovation for deep sea operations, how can one not conclude OceanGate was reckless or grossly negligent????  Ues the waiver said you may die in this experimental vehicle but how adequately was the last group informed of the numerous malfunctions and warnings (crackling) on previous dives?
TBH I don't care about this sub or OceanGate. Yes I'd agree Rush was a bit of an idiot. However, these people sueing seems ludicrous. A signed waiver seems like a done deal to me. Ofc I'm not lawyer. I'm just applying some good old common sense. Something often not used in courts or with laws, but I digress. Fact is these people clearly knew the risk, signed a waiver and paid for the service. These *weren't victims taking advantage of by some shady scam. It was clear cut what the risks were. These people not only accepted the risks and terms but also paid 250k to do so. We are encourgaged to research a plumber if we need one to unclog our kitchen sink or bath tub. To make sure we are obtaining the services from  qualified person. What nobody did their due diligence to look into OceanGate Prior to hopping in that make shift sub to their death? I guess having excess money toi blow on random adventures doesn't mean they have any intelligence too.
So in the “take it or leave it” terminology. Is this ever considered in employment contracts? I’ve never signed an employment contract and been told, “go ahead and read the whole contract, and let me know if you have any questions or would like to make any changes.” It’s always, “It’s a pretty standard contract. You don’t have to read it… if you want the job, yes, you have to sign it.”
i appreciate the effort, but if you don't know British law, why not simply wait and get a British lawyer to weigh in on this with you? "If this is similar to Oregonian law, then..." > Well it's the Bahamas not Oregon, so that has very little informational value. You had the same issue, when reviewing Phoenix Wright, which is a spoof of the Japanese legal system, afairc.
I'm sorry, it was struck by lightning? Superstition way aside, what the hell are the odds?
what do you MEAN oceangate is the NAME OF THE COMPANY i literally thought that was the name of the SCANDAL
HOW does a submarine get struck by lightning? "-and that's really just the tip of the iceberg." how could you. :(
It's silly for people to keep focusing on the "video game" controller. They are the same as any keyboard and mouse which are ubiquitous in all kinds of important device controls. In face the US Navy uses "video game" controllers in nuclear subs. Of course there are backups to any user interface device. In fact a commodity controller such as in video games has gone through millions of hours of testing in actual use and would be expected to be more reliable that a custom made device. The fact that it's cheap doesn't mean it's crap, but that it's mass produced. The real issue with the controller on the  Titan, is the wifi and signal path points. It introduced an unnecessary extra point of failure, when a cable would suffice.
It's surreal how much this feels like Iron Lung...
I fixed my motorcycle's carburetor while watching this and now I'm associating the word "Oceangate" with the smell of gas rot.
That "eagle cry" audio is actually a red tailed hawk. Eagles sound a lot more like seagulls
Typical billionaires. Thought he knew better than everyone else. Cared more about spending as little money as possible than about ensuring quality. Lied to everyone around him to get them to give him money.
This is why you always read the TOS.
In my humble, non legal opinion, I genuinely believe that this is manslaughter by negligence. If EVERY engineer is telling you that "Hey, this doesn't work, like this REEEEEEEALLY doesn't work, your going to get people killed" and choose to ignore it, then its clearly gross negligence.  Also, from any legal types, is there any protection for the whole thing of people essentially seeing those waivers as a "We have to have one" and are much more likely to believe claims from the owner, simply because they're not legal nonsense?
I had the good fortune of seeing Robert Ballard speak. I’ve marveled at the Titanic my whole life, after he took my question he said, “I found it, not for the fame but to let them rest.” It completely changed the way I thought about it. It is a cemetery and should be left alone.
None of this really matters. The CEO is dead and I don’t think they will be doing any more business. No one will get anything.
I checked Lloyds for what materials are suitable for pressure hulls. Steel, Titanium, Acrylic, Glass and Glass Fibre were all specified, along with the required quality standards, but nothing on Carbon Fibre. Indeed, whilst Carbon Fibre is used in things like manipulator arms, the only composite material regularly used as a pressure hull material is Glass Fibre but that's never been used on anything diving beyond 1000m, even the Royal Navy's LR5 rescue vessel was certified to only 600m. I actually did a quick calculation based on the compressive strength of Epoxy rather than a Carbon Fibre laminate and came up with a figure suggesting the hull should have been at least 18 inches thick, since the matrix would start cracking at those pressures long before the actual composite started breaking down. The Titan was only really suited for repeated dives to 400m, but then, if you must use a composite material, Glass Fibre would have lasted longer anyway. Trouble is, whilst Carbon Fibre has a higher compressive strength than some other materials actually approved for use in pressure hulls, it also has a really high Young's Modulus which looks good on paper but really means that it's super brittle once it starts to fail, it's powder in an instant, so it would have started breaking down as soon as it reached a certain depth from its first dive onwards. Rush seems to have been inspired by the Deepflight Challenger but that was intended for single use; a one-time flight through the Challenger Deep by Steve Fossett then retirement to a museum. When Richard Branson bought it after Fossett's death, Hawkes Ocean Engineering (who built the thing) actually told him never to use it after he announced plans to offer repeated trips to the 5 deepest parts of the ocean. It was only ever intended to break the depth record and then essentially be thrown away (and that WAS fully pressure tested). The regular Deepflight Submersibles, incidentally, have pressure hulls of Glass Fibre and are cyclically tested by Lloyds to 600m but certified to 100m. The other thing with getting certified is you have to do it all over again every 8 years or so. From what it looks like, although the Titan was theoretically supposed to have a factor of safety of 2.5, it was, in fact, regularly visiting its crush depth and passenger carrying submersibles usually have a factor of safety between about 5 and 10. What's truly baffling is that the first pressure hull showed signs of fatigue so they rerated it to 3000m, but if a certification agency had been involved they'd have rerated it to 0m and said, "Never use Carbon Fibre ever again, you silly, silly man."
damn you really can’t do anything without getting sued these days
I think the waiver will hold up if for no other reason than he was on the submersible with them. It indicates that his carelessness over safety issues was not willfully deceptive, as it's unlikely he would have ended his own life simply to turn a profit.
You know its bad when even a Lawyer uses the term 'Majorly Sued'.
I feel that if any company is going through a variety of loopholes in order to operate legally, they should be held liable regardless. Now this would knockout every major company in the world in some way but maybe treat safety regulations as the rule instead of a suggestion.
Libertarians say regulations are bad, that the market will fix itself and make everything safer.
But is it a worst gate then the watergategate
"the tip of the iceberg" how dare you make a good pun lmao
I hope they sue and close down the company. All this was preventable...but becasue the owner was lazy and neglegent his company should be closed down due to safety issues.   Just disgusting and horrifying people lost their due to man who didn't care about the saftey of others.
0:34 A crazy disgusting phenomenon was people blaming diversity and affirmative action for the subs demise (?!?), and not citing the CEO's quotes about ignoring safety regulations.
Life's not so bad, at least I'm not on OceanGate's legal defense team. Having numerous clips & quotes of the former company head talking about how much they resented the safety/procedural practices that everyone else in the submersible industry follows isn't exactly a great starting position to argue from.   Especially when the out of court settlement that your company previously reached was your best attempt to "hush up" all the clearly documented, recognized & dismissed technical concerns that were being expressed by technical leads within the company & by every external consultant who worked with the company.   Turns out that trying to silence critics/former employees who were "doing the right thing/protecting their own ass" MAKES YOUR COMPANY LOOK SUPER GUILTY. Of what? IDK... but I don't need to be a judge to know that you can't demonstrate this much systemic apathy for safety & get away with a "no-fault settlement"
When someone so full of themself they discard common sense and others, God remind them their places.  I just sad that his pride cost them other lives
They fired and sued an employee for pointing out safety problems, ignored the concerns of industry experts, repeatedly and deliberately skirted efforts at regulation, lied about how safe it was, and refused to have a third-party audit performed to verify the design. Any _one_ of those actions should be enough to call OceanGate grossly negligent. I'd like to see criminal charges filed, as well. Vehicular manslaughter, perhaps?
Hey Dev, did you listen to the Behind the Bastards series on Stockton Rush and OceanGate? It's really thorough, and I think you'd appreciate the commentary.
"way safer than even crossing the street"....if you are drunk, blindfolded, with plugs in your ears.  yeah.
Actually, off-the-shelf components, such as LCD displays and game controllers, which have been exhaustively tested in their specific applications can be more reliable than custom built components. The electrionic components used were likely not the problem. Having said that, redundant backup systems, surge, and overload protections are required as are sealed ruggedized chassis. A carbon fiber hull, in and of itself, may not have been the problem either. Carbon fiber air tanks are rated to more than 4500psi and have proven to be extremely reliable. Since carbon fiber expands and contracts more than titanium, the joins where the carbon fiber and titanium meet are enhanced stress points that are increasingly likely to fail after each dive. Likewise, the plexiglass window itself might not have been the problem but the mounting point of the window could be problematic for the same reason. I believe that a reasonably safe submersible could be constructed using such materials and technologies but it would require extensive unmanned testing and multiple iterations to identify and correct problems and establish reliable safety margins. In short, I don't think that the problem was as much about the technology as it was about the lack of adequate testing. Instead of building a dozen of them and testing them on 100s or 1000s of unmanned dives, they built one and put it in the water with passengers. I doubt they even did adequate inspections after each dive to identify possible stress fractures. Since they succeeded, more or less, in 36 prior dives, it is likely that the damage which caused the implosion was cumulative and they failed to identify it with proper inspections between dives. As their testing and safety practices were well below industry standards for companies making deep submersibles, that would constitute negligence.
Got to be honest the Oceangate sub was clearly a ridiculous design and the industry clearly thought it wasn't safe but the people who went on the trip took that chance - it was clearly a dangerous design. In British Law you can't completely remove liability by a waiver but to personally I think they took the risk and the consequences are their responsiblity as they stated.  This is completely different from the situation with Mills who did not know what she was getting into, deliberately sought out intsructors to train her in a certain type of diving and (I say this as someone who dived inthe UK in winter regularly and used to teach people regularly there in fresh water and with drysuits) what they did was absolutely completely negligent in my opinion and so below acceptable standards as to make me sick, if you literally throw someone into a lake weighted down with lead then you take the consequences. The suits squeeze on her must have been horrendous, poor girl.
I would have tapped out at "disability, disability" in the waiver. Nobody proofread that shit? Not the writer, CEO, or lawyers? Telling.
Luckily that waiver never had implode on it and the waiver completely stated only the volunteering signers can't file a lawsuit but nothing about other parties related to the volunteers.  I found few loopholes in the waiver itself.
I want to say the gaming controller was the most properly engineered thing in the sub, but I just know I’m going to find out they were using an Ouya controller.
Oh wow.  This is going to be interesting to follow.  Thanks for into that makes sense!
Signing on to any company with "-Gate" as a suffix in their name, is really just asking to be involved in a scandal
I would award plaintiffs $0.00.
🙂
Finally!!!!!! Been waiting for this 🎉
Oceangate was pre gated.
I don’t mind that you are mocking the dead clown who perpetrated this criminal incompetence.
Honestly....... I feel if whats-his-name didn't die as well in that floatie (not going to call it a sub cause..... well thats what it really sounded like a floatie). He'd more likely than not would be in jail now. Now everyone else in that company is gonna deal with the fallout.
If nothing else, the choice-of-law argumentation will be interesting
Can we please get off the point about the console controller? There are tons of military drones and similar that use console controllers. They're fine.  The concept of using them is not, in itself, an issue.  There's tons of other serious design flaws to look at.  Harping on the controller just tells anyone who knows anything about this kinda thing that *you* do not, in fact, know anything about it.  If you want to talk about how they were connected to the system, the unsuitability of Bluetooth for communications of this sort, or the like, go nuts. That has little to do with what type of controller was used.
I am yet to be shown this "innovation" ocean gate has supposedly achieved. All they did was using known bad materials for a purpose they were guaranteed to fail eventually and shave off a few bucks by completely dumping any thought of safety. There is no innovation here. Greed, and malice has been around for a good long time...
Rush: "the industry is obscenely safe" So much safety, it's disgusting
They can be sued because they knew that the equipment had a high chance of failure. Gross negligence applies.
The engineering guy sounds very similar to youtuber CallMeKevin
Hey there. Since you are on the topic, it would be great if we could have a video exploring the topic of exclusive salvage rights. I discovered this is a thing because of this accident and it still blows my mind that a random company can get such type of privilege in international waters.
I rejact yor argument because, you use both imperial and metric measurements.
it's like WaterGate, but bigger.
There is no evidence to support these opinions, even scientific facts. The billionaires should be working this now but they won't, they don't need the money - it will take a minimum of 2 years to go to trail and probably fade away. You can't sue somebody or a company who does exist. Plus the accident analysis is not admissible in court.
The fact that the sub was held together with glue. Is gross negligence.
Think of the poor billionaires
If you out the word “gate” in your business name, not only are you asking for trouble, you’re declaring that you will be the one causing it
Please don't show the boy who died at that young age as the person who signed this disaster. He had expressed his fears from day one, but he had gotten involved to befriend his father. I can't even imagine his fear when it happened.
Yeah I'd rather cross the street than go on this obvious death trap.
We could only imagine.  We would imagine the sub company had liability insurance.
That dude who went on three dives & the same thing went wrong all three times was the definition of asking for it.  Luckiest man in the sea.
I am not surprised. There should be enough evidence to prove negligence that was not disclosed.
Stop with the imploding bs. If the hull failed, it tore from the titanium cap(s) and it flooded. Shouldn't you tell the facts as a lawyer? :P
So he was an aerospace engineer. A question I have, I’m a mechanical engineer and my stuff is backed up legally by conforming to rigorous testing standards. My wife is a civil engineer who stamps stuff and can be held personally responsible for a failure.  But, if a known aerospace engineer is going around telling everyone he’s a former aerospace engineer and he built this thing, and that thing is CLEARLY conflicting with the basic tenants you learn not even halfway through an undergrad degree, is there not some legal liability he’d experience as someone “skilled in the art” despite his waivers and lack of certification?
The press’s take on CEO- Pre-accident: brilliant, innovative, game-changer, thinking-out-of-the-box, good-looking; Post accident-averse-to-safety, irresponsible, reckless, egocentric, villain
Heh, so it's not the sudden stop at the end that kills you
At least they didn’t suffer 😂
Bahamas will toss the case
So basically what I’ve gathered is the submersible was build with Walmart products through every loop hole you can make from a shoe lace and don’t become a lawyer. Got it
The former employee testifying would be insane
If people signed those documents, and if they have any more than a cursory knowledge of the sea, they HAD to know that they're ware rolling the dice and IMHO to bad, so sad.    That said, there will be a jury someplace that will hold the company at fault out of pity for the survivors.    Based on what you've said in the video... yea, this submersible was a shit show (except for the video game controller part... seriously, do you know how long they last and how much abuse they get?).
Really interesting! Food for thought!
Good as usual. It reminds me of an exchange between two pilots in _The Young Ones:_  P1: I hope we don't have a crash. P2: They say it's safer than crossing the street. P1: But we have to do that as well.  Then they crash and everyone dies but they come back for a second series.  It's surprisingly perspicacious commentary on how terrible humans are at assessing risks.
The whole thing was a disaster waiting to happen, The build quality was like a 1960's trabant, Everyone involved should spend jail time.
using a controller isn't that bad of an idea (from a usability standpoint. the us navy basically uses xbox 360 controllers for periscopes )  though maybe go for a model that isn't notoriously cheap crap
If I was putting my life in something like that and knew the owners needed my quarter million bucks I'd have at least insisted on a trial dive wearing scuba gear at scuba depths so I could see the equipment, procedures and emergency drills. It amazes me that passengers didn't even ask a lawyer to carry out any due diligence.
When a Billonair says OH YEAH this def sketchy and im not allowed, etc. IT charming for some reason. When a poor person says that people would rightfully be cautious of them.
Wow, he really went out of his way to avoid all sorts of safety and legal regulations. The implosion was essentially guaranteed
me
The thing that bothers me about the waiver in this case is that a customer has no reasonable way to judge the safety of a submersible -- the information is just not accessible or comprehensible to the average person. Like, yes, the waiver says you can die doing this, but it's obvious that this is an extreme adventure that has SOME risk to it. But there's no way for a customer to judge whether they're taking on a reasonable degree of risk or not.
You can say what you want about the billionaire passengers, but Stockton Rush got exactly what was coming to him. He literally begged for this outcome and I couldn’t be happier about the result
Wow. First FTX and now this? I think the Bahamas needs to review how we regulate companies.
Apparently they didn't See, what the designer did to short cut before signing. And if this case lands in the Bahamas Courts,  whoever brings the most Money will win😂. Nevertheless to each their Own
I guess you have the right to feel insulted when some one tells you that you are going to kill some one... 😳 Nooo, maybe you should feel concerned, even for your own security.
I took marine science in high school and honestly hearing some of these names again blew my mind.
The father and son were from Scotland, not England, that is a different jurisdiction. In both Scotland and England, liability waivers like that would not be enforceable, and certainly in Scotland, the choice of law clause wouldn't be enforceable either. However, given that there are no assets in Scotland, it would be pointless to sue there as it would be impossible to enforce any judgement, and I don't think a Scottish judge would consider that they had jurisdiction anyway.
I used to work for a company that made composite pressure vessels and pipes. One time we took a scrap pipe - absolutely capable of withstanding internal pressure - and crushed it in a desktop vise. Absolutely flattened that sucker. The moment it left the vise it popped back into shape and without knowing exactly what to look for there it passed for unbroken. So not only are composites not a great choice for compression, I doubt that even catastrophic damage would have been evident to inspection. Our products had design features to highlight impact damage. Bet that sub didn't.
I want to hear a legitimate use case for a death waiver or whatever it's called I can't think of one
*a bunch or rich white people aboard* no shit there getting sued
Isn't it nice when natural selection does its thing
The waiver should hold up. People need to learn to be responsible for their own decisions instead of always trying to weasel out of it. This is called agency. Also everyone on that vessel except for that kid and probably his goofy father had extensive experience in this explorer field and already knew better regarding the danger.
Good. Sue his dead arse. Leave OceanGate with friggin nothing. Bunch of irresponsible c@#%s.
Just like the insane jab.!!!
Yep everyone just wants to sue everyone nowadays sad
The CEO is literally quoted calling safety "waste". He also bragged about not hiring the best people for the job, but the ones he wanted to be the "image" of the company. Sue em into the ground.
Any person who has had trouble with pairing of Bluetooth device knows he's a f****** idiot for actually even contemplating that as a Design element
I want to sue them just out of principle
It's important to read fine print.  Like for instance: "it's safer than flying a helicopter " * if the pilot is an untrained drunk and the fuselage is secured with duct tape. Or "Its safer than scuba diving " * if using an inflated condom as an  air tank.
Jesus, WTF would sign that waiver?
Rush strikes me as one of those people who thought the rules shouldn't apply to him, not even the rules of physics.
Former aircraft mechanic.  Who in the world thought that carbon fiber was good for diving?!
That purple paisley tie is super clean, looking sharp!!
you can sign away liability you cant sign away negligence. but who cares everyone on there was a multi multi millionare or more.
Reading the liability waiver gave me chills . The waiver explains the Titan was not approved by a regulatory body , you might die and you take the trip mat your own peril . I would have said no thank you .  Mr. Rush was told by experts his submarine was not safe and he fired the employee that reported cautions . Justmlook at how Mr. Rush in one the videos say the carbon fibre is very strong and Canada withstand the pressure from a deep sea dive . One would think he did testing with robotics at 4000 meters and was successful . But he was making it up as he was talking . It's time that laws are changed . If a vessel is made in the US , must pass inspection before being released for use , same for Canada . Remove loop holes so that companies can't claims that are false and walk away from law suits unscaved . The are people being put in or on vessels , not paper clips .  What I find unbelievable is that the people that went on this dive were not stupid people.  They had access to resources and information,  yet they went into the tube of doom .  I guess they were dare devils ?  If Ocean gate is left untouched and gets away with total negligence,  I would be surprised .
I mean, if ANYONE was willing to go down to Titanic depth after seeing the Chinese knockoff Playstation controller used to control the sub deserves their fate imo.
Would they not have been passengers of the Polar Prince?
Honestly this waiver is so full of half truths that I think they should be held *extra* liable
We lost 4 innocent people a 1 murderer.
The claims of Titanic being unsinkable were only invented AFTER it sank.
the world is safer without Rush  the problem is, hes by no means the only person with his stupid mentality.
First Watergate now Oceangate. Next... Rivergate? We may be seeing a pattern here... 🤔
I believe Rush considered himself to be the Elon Musk of the deep sea. However, SpaceX went through years of testing and validation by numerous government bodies before they were allowed to put humans on one of their vehicles. Elon has said that before they put humans on Starship, there will need to be many flights to show that it is safe enough.
I bet every person who has ever been on Titan nearly sh*t themselves when they heard about the implosion! 😮 It could have been  them!
The diving incident with Linnea Mills was honestly horrifying and a travesty of safety procedures on so, so many different levels. I'm barely certified as an open (warm) water diver and it was still clear just how messed up everything was—dry suit diving involves a whole different set of weight/equalization measures that you need to be trained on, so to sell a used (incomplete/defective) suit to an drysuit-untrained minor (and then not do a safety check, and also not have easily detachable weights) was pretty messed up, and that's on top of relatively inexperienced instructors, and far away from easy cell communication. The whole reason the permit is there is to screen for divers without the requisite training and skill and to know where they are in case things go wrong. You can already die so many ways as a diver even when you do everything right, so this was just horrific to hear about.
What a brilliant segue, lol
I'm mixed on this. They literally intentionally signed up for the most dangerous voyage on earth, and the bleeding edge earned its name. If you want fast development, look no further than SpaceX blowing up rockets. It's expected.  But he sold seats on it.   But the Titanic seats were sold as unsinkable. Titan's seats were not.   Rush ignored his engineers. Which reeks of Shuttle Challenger.
14:35 multiple single* points of failure. multiple points of failure is a good thing
Titanic did have good safety features for its time, from what I understand. The safety features were later used on all major large ships, as far as I know. The slight flaw described in the video was a problem, but it didn't ruin the entire safety feature it apllied to.  There were problems with lack of lifeboats, but the main cause was pilot error. Apparently the ship only avoided the iceberg at the last minute, causing it to rip open the hull, rather than collide with just one section. Also a nearby ship had the radio unmanned.
Man, it's like they were looking to intentionally kill those passengers. Like, the twist is gonna be that Rush is actually a Titanic hater and this whole mess was just a ploy to get the most hardcore titanic fans banned from life.
It went to the Titanic at least 7 times before... each time compromising the hull structure.
In the Book Them: Adventures with Extremists (Chapter - The Clearing in the Forest), Jon Ronson went into Bohemian Grove and witnessed CEO's and leaders seemingly bothered about 'care'. Stockton Rush appeared to not want to have to be concerned with safety.
What about negligence?
It really doesn't take an engineering degree to go over how absurdly unsafe this thing was, and that's before you go into the MASSIVE corners he cut along the way (what was he snorting when he decided to go with expired fiber?). If this was to ever have a chance of being covered under the contract, they'd have needed to go over the many and varied darwin award decisions that went into the making and operating of this sub. I don't think Captain Ego even understood the minefield he was waltzing into.
Nice segue…
It was struck by lightning during the testing phase?! Even nature from the beginning was like “stress testing is a MUST”
Well that is crushing! 😂
I have a request to the editor. Please include a couple seconds at the beginning, youtube does not automatically switch to auto subtitles if English or such is selected, so time to activate them would be really appriciated.
What a snake!  He had 5 people rather than 6 to avoid regulations
Gross negligence cannot be waived
Honestly this seems like grounds for criminal liability due to how severely they ignored safety regulations
In my mind they accepted the risk of any similar expedition. They understood that going 4000m below the water in a submarine was inherently dangerous. That was the level of risk they accepted with their waiver. However, I do not think they were provided all information and had a clear understanding of how much more dangerous this expedition was in comparison to similar expeditions in the past with appropriately equipped submarines. The statements of the company's officers were clearly suggesting that the Titan was at least as safe as all other submarines taking on similar missions. Under these circumstances, the victims could not provide a binding waiver of liability for what happened. I find in favour of the claimants.  I would add the personal estate of the beneficial owner/ceo/shareholder as defendant also, since he made representations to the victims regarding the safety of the trip that actually made people go on that death trap.
He was an outlier and proud of it. Now he’s really an outlier.
I know less about the US engineering regulations than I do about Canada, but ive been looking for Stockton Rush's valid engineering license and I cant find one. Which just adds a whole other layer to this
Who cares if law is new and hasnt been tested in court.   It's the law.  Right?   Ya thought so.   Also difference in titanic and titan is Stockton knew fatal flaws
Mr Rush is the biggest idiot in the history of our species.
I would think that getting a person to waive their right to come back alive from an adventure, wouldn't hold much weight. It seems an absurd requirement, only designed due to someone thinking the risks are excessive, and the novice person can't grasp the totality of being injured or killed doing an activity. If they fully understand, they would have said "Pass".
They can sue them.  If I were on a jury I wouldn't award anyone anything.  They didn't misrepresent anything.  They made things as clear as glass in the waiver.  Personal responsibility.  They didn't lie to their clients.  They didn't lie to anyone or misrepresent what they were.  The waiver was clear.  And they paid the ultimate price.  My thoughts are with the boy who followed his dad to his own death.  And the one person responsible for that died with him .  No one deserves any compensation.  The company should pay EVERY cent back for the search and recovery though. Every cent.  Beyond that,,,no one gets a dime.
Got a couple things rright wrong
Even if Titan passengers did sign waivers, they didn't have the power to sign away legal rights of their survivors.  When those passengers died, any consideration of the waivers became moot.
Wow. Used an off brand ps3 controller. Couldn't even afford an actual ps3 controller
I would place absolutely zero trust/faith in anything shown on a tv program.  The entire point of those shows is to artificially create suspense.
"And that's really just the tip of the iceberg."  I see what you did there :p
Saddest thing about this whole ordeal was the teenager who got forced to go along just cause father's day
Good. Stubborn disregard of safety should be punished. He killed everyone else on that submersible. Although really the company should also be sued for the ridiculous search and rescue costs. He’s gotten himself killed, eat him.
Because OceanGate is a Washington entity, a plaintiff can bring suit against it in Washington state. (I'm actually a lawyer licensed in Washington.) The state trial courts (superior courts) are courts of general jurisdiction. Unless federal preemption applies, a plaintiff can bring suit against OceanGate in a Washington superior court--presumably the superior court in Snohomish County, where Everett is located.  Given that OceanGate tried to classify the passengers as "mission specialists," it may be possible for their survivors to claim that the passengers were in fact Jones Act seamen. ("Seamen" is a term of art, deriving from the Jones Act.) That seems a stretch. But that argument could pose a dilemma for OceanGate. If it rejects part of the agreement between itself and the passengers, then it might have to reject the entirety of the agreement, thus taking it out of the waiver.  So I'm kind of thinking that I'd sue in Snohomish County Superior Court, invoking the "saving to suitors" clause of the Jones Act (which permits such claims to be brought in state court).
Its wild how many people seemed to realize the warning signs that this thing was a death trap and yet nothing was done.
That part about jnderstanding the risks cant be reduced certainly seems like a place to pry at the waiver.
"This is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the Blackberry." So signifcantly more fragile and focused more on bells and whistles vs. actual core phone features?
Death as a result should not be added in waiver. A result of death of someone, companies should always be liable if the accident happened due to their equipment failure or no negligence on the part of the customers. Example in negligence on the part of the customer is if you are daredevil employee, you already accepted the risk that anytime you may die. Customers are powerless when they signed something they thought safe according to companies research or renowned person advertised the product and services but when accidents happen your life is nothing anymore. Remember that your life is much more greater than a piece of paper you signed. Make it that a law!
Life is too short as is.
So stupid. Rich people doing dumb shit. There's a WAIVER. F@ck the wealthy, they bought their ticket and they got their ride.
F.Y.I. Don't get out of bed or take the oath of the Constitution to defend our country.
Their ceo died with the paying customers. I think that proves it wasn’t intentional. But criminal negligence and all. The company needs to be ended. That’s the bottom line.
I am an engineer. I paid NOT ATTENTION to the sub sinking. Why? It was a sub made in a basement using kit bought on EBay (exaggeration). But I will listen to what it means sign a lability waiver.
How many rich idiots will the titanic claim before they realize its just a test of hubris that nobody above the working class seems to get.
I want to watch this, but I'm not willing to put up with loud adverts every two minutes. Sorry. Not your fault, I know.
"drowned immediately upon entering the water" paints a very interesting picture. Like he just fell into the water and instantly went under like a rock.
Well dude basically said “rope is a great material; so we replaced our walls with rope.”
As a lawyer I fully recommend affirmative action in submersible design.
The thing is the victims were wealthy so they definitely can afford good lawyers and keep lawsuits going.
The waiver said the passengers knew the risks of diving in a submarine. It did not say they knew the risks of diving in a homemade submarine with a CEO that thinks safety is a joke.
Stockton Rush is now the poster-child for dipshit billionaires who think they're right about everything because of their wealth. There needs to be a very special Darwin Award for him.
Sounds like the 2015 Sinking of the SS El Faro; I wonder if maritime law will be implicated to limit company damages from lawsuits they incur due to any catastrophic injury lawsuits filed against them since maritime law limits final judgement amounts to the value of the vessel (unless the claimants can somehow successfully motion for a change of jurisdiction back to the US under some convoluted concept like that it's where the waiver was signed and the company lacks the authority to require the court to use a more favorable jurisdiction in an effort to avoid financial loss)
The passengers signed away any liability Oceangate might have towards them as individuals. But couldn't relatives for whom the passenger were a breadwinner have a different liability relationship that isn't ruled by the liability waiver at all? So they'd still be ruled by common negligence and such? And perhaps also the venue clauses be considered not applicable?
As a professional submariner, this whole situation is amazing to me.
But this is where we get to the psychology of Stockton Rush. He was on all the dives.   If it went well, he made obscene money.  If it failed?  Well, he wasn't going to be around to answer for it. All win.
That ad read 😂
Well, certainly the lying CEO didn't escape proper punishment
I just started the video but if I’m not mistaken, they signed a lot of waivers that said they weren’t liable for any injury’s or death and clearly stated the risks of the journey. Not just one waiver, but 4 different waivers I believe.
That waiver. ☠️☠️. I wouldn't gave signed that deathbwish list if I got to go for free and certainly NOT for a quarter of a million 💰  Effing insane .
Even if OceanGate manages to survive the inevitable lawsuits, they're going to have a very hard time finding willing paying customers (I mean "mission specialists") ever again.  They *will* go out of business because of this incident.
All the things named xxxxgate…
Legally they’re as air tight as their sub. I wonder what the life insurance premiums and payouts look like.
macgyvering is the LAST thing you want to hear when the ceo is talking about its construction
Everyone compares this to sky diving, but I think sky diving has all its equipment regulated to certain standards. They don't make parachutes with untested materials. They don't buy from nu-certified manufacturers. They don't buy old and discounted fabric.  What I'm saying is there are established standards in even the most risky of industries. Ocean Gate willfully refused any form of widely accepted standard of safety.  Hell, everything Ocean Gate states against what the whole diving community alleges against them is "We don't want to spend money to test the safety of our craft." Then goes on a 'what-a-bout-ism tangent about safety stifling progress. Like a mad scientist complaining he can't steal orphans for human testing. All these rules and MORALITY stifling their 'progress' so Ocean Gate run off to international waters to avoid laws and responsibility.
In the world where everyone maximize profits, everyone ends with lots of money and sucky (deadly) services.
Can a party sign away the right to civil damages of his/her successors? Basically, waive the rights of surviving heirs? Aren't rights inalienable?
The WSL who built the Titanic had to sign a wavier similar to OceanGate and WSL lawsuit was dismissed because of the Limitation Act. their was lawsuit against with regards to sinking of Lusitania which happened 3 years later where the survivors of the sinking of the Lusitania sued the German government at the time because the misleading warning in a U.S. newspapers that was published from the German embassy about passengers traveling to the UK by ship on the Atlantic Ocean means that you are risking yourself.
I find it a bit sad that your new law firm specializes on personal injury. I wish you and your clients success ofc, may you be the one law firm that comes out of this with a good reputation
His humor was exactly what caused their demise. Arrogant m.f. I'd rather taken chances playing Russian roulette
working with carbon fiber for many many years in aerospace, that material is a terrifying choice for a submarine. Those airplanes have to undergo extensive maintenance and inspection every flight. That alone to me would be sufficient to prove gross negligence, he was clearly playing with fire. Also, that playstation controller and in fact almost all the equipment inside that submersible is not approved for confined space fire safety industry standards. There is so so much wrong with that design.
The whole Bahamas thing is quite telling .A rich white guy is trying to use a foreign country to skirt around us law .the company is a us based company and should be under us law .
I think the distinction is this: All deep sea dives are dangerous and could potentially be fatal. HOWEVER, the dive with the OceanGate vessel was IMO clearly much more dangerous and likely to potentially kill you because of how many safeguards they ignored in the name of "innovation". You could argue the "risk of death" in their specific endeavour highly exceeded the inherent level of risk that is involved in comparable dives. So, were the passengers _fully_ aware of these risks when signing the waiver? Or were they led to believe the Titan was as safe as any other vessel and signed since the risk of death clause is unavoidable with these type of dives, not aware that the specific vessel they were about to board posed a significantly higher risk than would normally be expected?  If they didn't know that, the waiver shouldn't suffice in covering OceanGates asses.
Luckily MISTER BEEEEEEAST was not not on there, Mr.Beast was invited and declined
If at least half of the money that went on discovering the legal tricks to avoid liability went to make the submersible secure, there wouldn't be an accident.
Wait, wait, wait...  A divine warning came down from the sky and said "don't do this" but they thumbed their nose at the warning, huh? 🙄🤦‍♂
he thought he was a slick innovator/rule breaker, now he is dead. safety standards are in place for a reason. Im a chemist and we have plenty of rules and training courses to keep us alive when working with highly hazardous chemicals, and I'm more than happy to spend my time on these courses.
With all the warning signs, people still signed up. Their egoes killed them.  Especially if they had some serious issues on a dive and still signed up to do it again.
the more comes out about this the more of a miracle that nobody else died or was injured before this. Absolute madness.
That waiver was more airtight than the sub was
It's bad luck not to christen a vessel. They should have named it "Action Park of the Seas"
I mean.....no duh LMAO
The whole thing about the crackling on the windows makes me think that Rush was more of a gambler than an explorer. He was like someone sitting in a casino convinced that they know when they’re going to hit the jackpot for no rational reason even as his life savings is disappearing. In this case the chips were his and other people’s lives. He cut every conceivable corner to save money and he was determined to get the return on investment he wanted. And he wanted the Titan to launch a bigger submersible tourism industry and he would be its Steve Jobs visionary. And he convinced himself he would magically know right before when the death trap he glued together was too unstable to use again. It’s like watching someone throw their last dollar on the roulette.
The death of Stockton Rush was one of his own making (some would argue, a deserved one). I somewhat wish he would still be alive, so he could face the consequences of what he'd done.
Disregarding expert after expert and warning after warning equals gross negligence in my book! Even though the main guilty party lost his life due to his own foolishness, if the company cannot be sued into oblivion I hope they are at least shamed into non-existence.
No equitable remedies in Bahamas...wtf!
Rich people suing rich people... Who cares.
Reading point 2 ... big OOF paragraph.
Just one q.. Did the 750 immigrants who drowned right near the Greek shore sign any death waivers? No? So who should get more reparations? And besides, another q... Why did OceanGate close shop? I mean, why not construct Titan II from innovative materials such as cardboard and origami paper and then charge multi-billionaires a cool million to go see a wreck, and make them sign ten death waivers?
Tye acustic warning system was about the carbon fiber full, not the acrylic window.
Oh yay you won the leftover shreds of a carbon fiber hull. Lawyers are the real sharks here.
I think they should be sued into dust. That dust should be donated to the poor as food or to protect waterways. The victims got what they wanted. The government should get reimbursed for dealing with the stupidness.
I’m a former skydiving instructor. It was common knowledge that the waiver wasn’t worth the paper it was printed on. Proper training and safety FFS
Wait, so Oceangate was their *name* actually? I thought it was the name of the scandal, you know, like how people put "-gate" in front of words to indicate controversies.
For everyone watching and The Eagle, the controller itself was not the issue. The wireless nature of it was what was so insane. Imagine driving a car with a steering wheel only connected to bluetooth, with NO redundancies. The US has been using controllers for quite some time, but they're all wired.
Wait the actual name of the company was Ocean gate? 🤔
willfully defiant behavior, arrogance and hubris led this disaster. it is negligence and the company should be sued.
“Who knew how right he’d be” Sounds like everyone did
Of course:)
gonna' put my QAnon hat now, those billionaires were murdered orchestrated by the elites through Rush while pinning him as the scapegoat. who's gonna' look deeper into the case when the pilot/company CEO itself was a bit 'unorthodox' in his conduct.
I feel like a waiver is only valid if the operator has taken every step to minimize risk. The risk is impossible to eliminate but the waiver is meant to assure that there was literally nothing more you could have done. This waiver should be meaningless because everyone knew it was a death trap while misleading customers that it was safe
If a person who has studied the hard math tells me something is a bad idea and someone who didn't study the hard math tells me it's a good idea I'm gonna give more weight to the person who studied the hard math
Do not study history by repeating it. The fact they lied about how safe it was, saying it was the same, if not safer, than crossing the street. They mislead the passengers, causing them to make a choice based on false/misleading information. On top of that, they knew how dangerous it was, were told repeatedly, and willfully ignored it. They knew the danger, and proceeded anyway. These on their own are enough for lawsuits. Combined together and with everything else, they are not looking good. Finally, these sound awfully similar to the very ship they were trying to go down and see. Like I said: Do not study history by repeating it.
They were so incompetent they recorded and publicized how terrible at a job they were.
I had hoped the Eagle Team wanted creative cases, behooving someone that gives in depth opinions on a public forum. Alas, when I reached out, it seems they just want boring open-shut cases that prove they still practice real law.
The PlayStation controller is a red herring. The military regularly uses them for things like submarines and drones. That in no way constitutes "points of failure". Also, if properly tested, composite material is perfectly suitable for deep diving subs, again as long as the material is properly tested. Of course, it wasn't, though. Subs can be rated to 4 times deeper than where the Titanic sets. Composite isn't an invalid material.    I'm not defending OceanGate, I just want the discussion to be fact based.
But actually who is oceangate?  As I see, there were 2 cofounders, one leaving a decade prior,. one dead. So, the victim is suing himself?   Anyway, this story seems to never end, even is a non story.  It is not even  a limerick, is a just a line. 5 rich spoiled kids gambled their life for a little rush, and they lost.  There is nothing more to say, but I that the story goes on and on and on.  Move on, there are many other thing that are actually interesting.
I think the suits that OceanGate will face will be proof that billionaires have enough money to make the law mean whatever they want it to mean.
What bothers me about what he said about being innovative is that they didn't make anything new. All they did was make a really shitty submarine! They weren't artists or inventors, they were failures!
When you read the liability waver in Wheatley's voice, it perfectly works out
They should be tried under bird law!
The world needs to heed this as a wake up call: having more money doesn't make anybody smarter.
Okay... If your submersible gets stuck by lighting, maybe take it as a sign from Zeus to stay out of the Poseidon, yeah?
Anyone who still believes the Titanic sunk by iceberg strike needs their head checked.
Just FYI, Real Engineering is known to basically not do a lot of research in topics. They did a video on nuclear fusion and even a cursory google disproved a lot of the facts said in the video. The entire video was basically a marketing piece.
Objection! Ismay : This ship can't sink! Thomas Andrews : She's made of iron, sir! I assure you, she can... and she will. It is a mathematical certainty. Smith : Well, I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. Ismay.
It's called GREED and ignorance by the company
Given his cavalier attitude for the lives of his clients, he was probably underinsured and near bankruptcy.
You doing off the shelf (OTS) parts dirty. They have an established predictably that makes them reliable.  Especially since it's likely the not OTS parts, like the experimental hull, ended up being fatal.
9:58 I live in Oregon, and I remember this incident.
Ya the more I'm finding out about this situation the less and less I'm feeling sorry.
Whole lot of nothing in this video. Good for ad money and watch time though. 😊
Just like the vessel, the legal cases surrounding this will be a $h!tshow. Thanks for laying it out for us Devin.
Waivers wont save you from rich peoples lawyers
Why is the titanic not considered a mass grave legally?
They were wealthy people who made money _not_ from being wise, just pure greed. And that's why the lawsuit will probably go through - unwise wealthy people know nothing but greed. There should have been no customers upon inspection of the sub, but they all got in anyway.
There is no sense in having waivers if they are so easily picked apart. Those people knew the risks and their decision was one of their own. What I see are parasites trying to feed off of a tragedy.
So you can advertise legal services on YouTube now???
Rush didn’t put anybody on the line they didn’t sign on the line if you’re dumb enough to get in and go down that day because lots of people survive this trip more survive than died Who wants to be under English law anymore I want Americanlaw  I want to stop all this foolish nonsense
White star didn't claim she was unsinkable, and yeah in hindsight the bulkheads should've been higher but she also had a ludicrous amount of damage handed to it
Sure you can have people sign a waiver saying you could die or be harmed for participants, but you still have to put effort into trying to prevent said deaths or injuries. If they actually tried to prevent  (proper submersible construction, proper technology etc) and it still happened, maybe they could get away, but they didn't and they knew the problems existed but chose to not remedy the issues.
14:28 If I was a defense lawyer I might try to have this person's comments removed from the record. That videogame controller is being mocked often for no scientific reason. As someone who works with remotely pilot vehicles for a living (walking, flying and submersible), the controller might have been the most reliable part of the ship. Boston Dynamics' robot Spot, for example, was previously operated by a dedicated smart phone game console made in China. This was the main interface for years until technology advanced, and it was replaced by a Samsung tablet that could offer better connectivity speeds with the robot. For the record, this improved Samsung tech was not available when Spot launched as an enterprise product. Removed from context, the controller is just a tool for humans to interface with technology. The prejudices behinds these comments, that the controller was meant for games and is thus inferior, calls the validity of this expert's comments into question. I do not think it would help much though. There are plenty of experts that just comment on the materials used for manufacturing the haul, which IMHO was the real flaw with the ship.
i dont know why people are clowing on the controller, those things are so reliable, one survived my littles cousins tantrums and cheesy fingers for 10 years and works fine now. And they are used by the military too because of how reliable the stupid thing is.
OceanGate terminated David Lochridge's contract in 2018, and he sued for wrongful termination after he raised safety concerns. I've heard materials scientists say that carbon fiber is one of the worst things to build a sub out of due to its poor compressive strength. The BBC has footage of them having SEVERE issues with their controls. It might be the grossest negligence I've ever heard of
It's one thing to build something "experimental" that is a huge departure from the industry, if you aren't blatantly putting people's lives at risk. That in reference to the CEO's cheeky Apple comment early in the video. But it is an entirely different thing to arrogantly forego decades of PROVEN deep sea diving technology to experiment in environments that intentionally put passenger's lives in peril. As James Cameron pointed out, the industry as a whole has been relatively "safe" given the extreme dangers these expeditions pose, yet OceanGate decided to throw out every common sense approach to save money and capitalize on profits for these expeditions (Cameron has been to the wreck 33 times). When countless individuals with decades of experience are pleading with you that your "design" is unsafe and you simply mock their concerns, your goal is no longer about safety, rather pure self-interest. Quite the shame how this all transpired.    Victor Vescovo, a veteran deep sea explorer:  “For 50 years, civilian-manned submersible dives have occurred, thousands of them, and there has never been, not just no fatalities, but no serious injuries either, until this event,”  He cites the company's willingness to blatantly work outside the normal customs and requirements of safe submersible operation in deep waters.
Tip of the iceberg smh
'obscenely safe' ... wow, dude does NOT like safety
Cue the..its a contract n must be upheld even if you die crowd..yeah no
I wonder if the family of the dead passengers got a refund check?
The consistent mis-reporting of the type of controller lessens the credibility of the entire video for me, and it’s not just this channel.   Something as easily researched as that cannot be marked down under “boomerism.”   What else slipped through the cracks of research and is presented wrong? I don’t know.
What these ghouls are doing is risking their lives to view a cemetery. It's gross and incomprehensible. And the strange way the ceo attacked anyone who questioned it's safety and stated he was personally offended by anyone questioning his judgement. What an egotistical sos.
I don't understand how Rush rationalized in his head that somehow the crushing weight of 4000m of water  would actually not be like the crushing weight of 4000m of water.
Let me guess, they used the wrong components to build the ship and it wasn't sea worthy at those depths?
As a certified diver, I heard about the Linnea Mills scuba diving incident and was absolutely horrified by the ignorance of the dive instructors in handling the defective equipment issues.   In my mind, they were guilty of manslaughter.  They operated with reckless disregard of human life.
oceangate? more like oceangrave
Pretty sure the whole paid tourist "team members" will get waviors thrown out. No way they hold up. Yes they thought they covered themselves with wording but forgot by skimping on design and construction, ignoring experts etc, they commited gross negligence allowong paying public to ride the sub
Being rich is suicide. Save them by taxing them
Eat hoagies, subs kill
People keep mentioning the video game controller. But this is the least problematic piece here and actually a good thing. Such a controller is completely capable to generate all steering commands and they are thourogly tested and a quite established technology. So while this sub had a lot of problems the video game controller was not one of them.
Interesting. I don’t recall any people imploding the 44th time they cross the street.
Don’t want to minimize the tragedy of the loss of lives but this situation provides so many bay exam scenarios.  😏
It's like law is complicated.
maybe those dastardly safety regulations aren't so bad after all
23:05 Shouldn't that kind of gaming of things pretty much remove any protections that OceanGate had?
Gross negligence requires one to reasonably be able to predict the outcome with reasonable foresight in light of codified industry standards adopted by a government regulatory body.   The fact that DSV Titan was an "expermental" vessel and the customers awknowledged that they knew the vessel was not certified and that the law did not compel certification of a DSV along with the knowlwge of the risks generally associated with a noncertified vessel then  prohibits the theory of res ipsa and gross negligence unless Plaintiff can prove that a reasonable person would have expected the outcome under the totality of the circumstances based on risks not voluntarily assumed by the passengers which were not within the passengers knowlege. Simply put, no reasonable passenger would have considered DSV Tiran to be safe and therefore the waiver properly binds Plaintiffs to bar suit.   The fact that Titan had previously completed dives to the Titanic sucessfully without incident would on its face preclude both res ipsa and gross negligence complaints.   Also, given that Titanic was a British RMS and that she sits in international waters, proper jurisdiction of the wreck site and all incidents realative thereto  attatches to England, not the US by reason of the international law of domicile. Therefore this case is due to be dismissed.
Suing ocean gate is like me shooting myself then suing the gun company
As a skydiver, this is SUPER INTERESTING. Skydiving is legit the safest extreme sport you can do(less than 2% injury rate. Technically have just as much chance of death as i would shaking a vending machine.)   But ive watched two tandem jumps get a little dicey(thankfully everyone ok) but definitely had me thinking about the Waiver that was signed
That 19 year old did not really have a choice in the matter.
Ya'know. A man named Rush suddenly becomes MASSIVELY more concerning and foreboding outside of racing.
The passengers knew what they were getting themselves into ocean gate shouldn’t be sued for others stupidity
Did someone say DOSA?
Can Boeing or nasa be sued ? He used their name they had to have known he was using their name in his advertising to lure  people.
24:12 jeez man he’s already dead lmao
Could the employee who exposed the shortcomings sue OceanGate for wrongful termination?
Thank you for this! I was waiting for someone to consolidate all this!
As an engineer the fact they replaced a motor and didn't bump test it to determine rotation afterward is all i need to know that they were grossly negligent and incompetent.
Objection: there’s no such thing as a submersivle.
I read somewhere that Rush bought aircraft grade carbon fiber to use in the sub because it was being discounted. Why? Because it had sat unused too long and was considered "expired", and thus unsafe to use in aircraft. If it wasn't good enough for aircraft, how he thought that it was going to be ok for a sub is beyond me other than simple greed.
The late CEO is not even a candidate for Darwin Awards. Not because his expedition in an unsafe submarine to the bottom of the ocean wasn't an incredibly stupid idea, it was, but Darwin Awards exludes people who killed others as a result of their own stupidity.
The only one that didn't want to go there but was pretty much forced into it by paternal pressure was the 18 year old student.  The only one I feel for.
White Star Line never said it was virtually unsinkable. That was said in a ship building magazine.
Did he really rebuild that carbon hull ? I wonder.
Its simple, and the dead guy said it himself, following rules isnt fun. And it also doesnt generate money. I hope it was worth it as his final resting place is the bottom of the cold dark ocean.
What are death wafers for ? Youre judicinal system is messed up.
All this discussion for something that doesnt matter because the company had to money and prob has already been looted of anything of any value.
My response to this title was “No sh*t”. I’ve been saying for weeks that this case was a lawyers wet dream 😬
And If I was "Big Daddy" Don Garlits and professionally drive a Top Fuel dragster what would my Safety/Liability waiver actually say? 304 MPH.....1/4 mile....3 second's
If this turns into a mammoth cover up conspiracy, will it become known as OceanGateGate ???
What is so exasperating about this is that the guy was charging $250,000 per ticket, and yet one phrase that keeps coming up over-and-over again was "to save money".  The company is taking multiple shortcuts *each* of which increase the danger to customers, and yet is quite happy to charge *$BigBucks* to those customers.
Why's it always the H2O gates?💀💀💀💀
So lost in the sauce that you kill yourself, an expert in the field, another billionaire and a teenager. This is suicide by ideology.
Wait... some daredevil client took FOUR trips on that thing? I would've thought surviving one was enough.
It would seem the experience of the De Havilland Comet was not appreciated. Like the Comet, the Titan was only good for only so many pressurization cycles.
In fairness to the owners and shipwrights of the Titanic, - they had cause for their arrogant remarks, - Both of the Titanics sister ships, the Olympic and the Brittanic had been sailing without any issue, the Olympic even colliding with the cruiser HMS Hawke, with neither ship sinking (but having to limp back to port for repairs), to their credit, they had to swallow that arrogance and made extensive retrofits to the surviving ships of the Olympic-class liners. Primarily to ensure crew and passenger safety in the worst case scenario. - The Brittanic later hit a sea mine and sank, with only 30 casualties.  The Titan was the only one of its kind. And hopefully the last of its kind. Its designer and owner had no cause for his arrogant words beyond his crippling addiction to adrenaline. Which is no substitute to engineering, nor does it impress the Sea. Which has a low tolerance for fools.
Interesting video. This tragedy was preventable. The CEO obviously broke laws by using every possible loophole, his weaver isn't legal because he told the passengers ("mission specialists") the opposite of what was written in it. And yeah, using carbon fiber AND titatium together was clearly a bad idea. Not certifying also, but I could accept that if they would at least have tested it themselves, but they didn't! Such a vessel has to be tested simulating higher pressures and multiple cycles of de and repressurization. Letting people in there without is insane. But the CEO is dead. Beside all other legal questions already being complicated enough, now courts also have to find out if he was the only one lying and breaking laws and just forced his employees to comply, or if others are also liable. The company itself should of course be sued to bankruptcy, and all of its assets used for compensation to the victims families.
So fascinating! So curious to see how this pans out.
What do you call a scandal when the subject already has “gate” in the name? Oceangategate? Oceangate squared?
if you want to cobble together a submarine out of empty soup cans, and use it to sink to the bottom of your swimming pool, thats one thing...but when you invite Other People and get THEM stuck at the bottom of the ocean, thats when you have to realize that building a sub that meets standards DOES NOT mean 'build something sub-standard'...
I'm curious how waivers for "extreme" activities tend to be thought of if the activity is part of a work activity. I've had employers expect me to sign waivers for events, and while I could have said no and not participated, it would likely have negatively impacted my reputation at the company and potentially had ramifications for future promotions.
If you believe OceanGate shouldn't be liable, you may also love my new company: SkyFence!  We make million dollar trips to orbit in rockets we've built from donated plywood and dumpster scraps from our local Home Depot! Just be sure to sign our "Your problem, not mine" waiver before takeoff. (Return to earth sold separately).
Somewhere an insurance agent is being casually asked about his personal relationship ad financial ties to a submersible company. One floor below, HR is prepping for a contentious exit interview.
I kept hearing people say things along the lines of "they signed a waiver, families can't do anything, end of discussion" and knew from frequently watching this and other legal channels it's never that simple with cases like these. Glad to hear there's at least potential recompense for the families.
Maritime law is such a weird mess. Citing laws with names like "the distraught oarsman clause of 1867" is par for course and behind every single law is some sort of horrifying disaster. 99% sure some sort of "Titanic (not that one, the other one) act of 2023" is going to be proposed.
Sooooo, what i think i hear you saying is Titan 2, 3, & 4 are prolly a no-go and i shpuld get my money back...😂
This liar and  criminal Stockton Rush escaped justice...  by dying in his abomination and will now and forever live in infamy for his misdeeds.   Crush what remains of his company in the Courts. 🦑
6:24 bro I can’t
That’s what you get when you let interns design your engineering plans 😂
Isn’t it rich that the company is actually named “oceangate”? It’s like they were ASKING to be the center of controversy
The name Ocean GATE seems like an omen to me in and of itself.
No one should get a penny. Just like going out into space. You take those chances when you go underwater or out into space. Especially after you signed your name,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
In other words, rhe families won't see a dime of money. Even if they manage to successfully sue anyone, it seems like there isn't anyone to sue. On top of that, it appears their legal recourse is beyond problematic, however, I can say one thing. Unlike many companies where the owner is sitting at home counting their millions safe in the idea that they dodged any real side effects, the owner and designer in this case put his life on the line and went down with his ship.
He really went and said "That's just the tip of the iceberg."
If I was building my own submarine in which I knew I would be traveling 4000m underwater, you'd better believe every component will be rated for 6000m minimum. It's insane to me that they were using parts that were not even rated at half of the expected depth.
Haha Stockton Rush will forever be remembered as a complete incompetent moron.
Stockton Rush was "if I say something with complete confidence, everyone will believe it" personified.  Emphasis on "was," past tense.
Captain Crunch and his hubris. "Who knew how right he was going to be?" Pretty much everyone, except for a handful of idiot millionaires.
Sounds that was enregistrered can be not dangerous. Sounds can be produced when frontal  half-sphere has thickness different than cylindrical part made of titanium. Calculs should be done to verify thickness of elements.
I am not 100% that I am mad at this obvious asshole. For all his failures to engineering, he did rid the world of a billionaire.
Did the owner or operator withhold information that NO qualified mechanical or structural engineer would EVER make the passenger compartment of a deep submersible out of carbon fiber, and that EVERY ONE OF THEM would say that it was guaranteed to eventually implode at depth without real warning? Good Lord, whoever designed that thing was an idiot.
Really? Who knew....
Can’t wait to see what this idiot lawyer says.
I remember some haunted houses and movies in my day giving out novelty waivers warning that the movie is scary and not responsible for heart attacks, haunting etc. It was more for theater than a real document adding to the thrill. Wonder if it was really legally binding...🤔
Souls have been called the deep sea submersible whale shire from humans.
You know before all these submarine shenanigans begin I always thought the Titanic was like a hundred feet below the sea and you can scuba dive to it. Didn't actually know that crushing depths.
Im pretty sure this guy is wearing a hair system. It looks good. Its just too good.
The longer this video goes on, the more I feel like this might the most predictable disaster in the history of disasters. This whole time I thought the submarine they used was like this new experimental design, untested in a way where only engineers could've predicted this. But no, they used it repeatedly and it had already run into multiple issues and near death experiences with it. If the submarine did make it back, I'm like 90% sure that they just would've kept using it until it inevitably failed and killed someone.
5 idiots who voluntarily entered a metal coffin.
you have massivve hands
Anytime any company throws in the word "virtually" before some sort of descriptor, you know something is up.
Taking ignorant risk then dying isn't a tragedy it's avoidable stupidity
Why are people fascinated enough by some random ship that sank in the atlantic 100 years ago enough that their gonna build this shitty sub and actually use it? I dont get it
10:30 Devin shifts into salesman mode 😏
The owners knew what they were getting themselves into, they literally named their company OceanGate.  Was SubmarineGate already taken?? Lol I didn't know the company was named OceanGate haha that is amazing.
Prideful arrogance is the fatal flaw of many libertarian dudebros like Rush and should give us hope in the case of the Paul brothers.
5:12 "6000 psi, which is the equivalent of about 2 tons of water at that depth"  How is that not 3 tons?
How bonkers is it that they named themselves OceanGate, like they knew they were going to be a scandal.
*Their words did not reflect what the waiver said. 🩸⚖️🩸*
The only thing I feel bad about is that he probably died too quickly to regret his decisions.
Just a thought. Disneyland should buy Ocean gate....then rebuild 1000 leagues under the sea exhibit.  Could be way better. It visits the Titanic on the ride before you get attacked by the Kracken on the way home. Improve the Ride!!!!
I feel the 19 year old has a solid case since he couldn't comprehend the enormous amount of risk involved regardless of what was signed. He has his whole life in front of him and trusted the judgement of others around him.
why is everything called a "GATE" now days?
The reality that the owner himself died in the accident could be used as a defense that the company had full trust in the equipment and therefore could not be grossly negligent.
The saddest part is this: that madman Rush didn't mind perishing with his vessel. The man floated along sheerly on a sense of bravado and LOVED risk. I bet he got excited when his vessel started malfunctioning and plummeting from ~-5000 ft. _He named it the Titan for God's sake._ Probably didn't terribly mind perishing heroically during his little expedition. But the people he dragged with him? Specifically the 19-year-old kid? Probably weren't quite so excited to die. Didn't have the same foolhardy vested interest in the legend of OceanGate.
It’s sad these people lost their lives and their families are now missing someone.     ………….bruh they told you, you we’re gonna die. The parts came from camping world. What are we doing? Watching that interview at the beginning should have told you this was going to end poorly
This is exactly why we have certification programs, and industry standards. Its to protect people.
Nice video, I was waiting for a legal opinion on this accident. I think the gross neglect will go through.
I’m sure the waiver also mentioned all the people warning against going or that subs have a finite amount of dives.
He's not wrong about the iPhone comment......
I get the feeling Rush was a fan of "Atlas Shrugged".
bro thats segway to the sponsor 💀💀💀
American courts have jurisdiction as the company was set in Washington.  It is pretty clear that you are not allow to shut down operations in a location to avoid the jurisdiction of American courts AFTER an event.
I would laugh at the stupidity of this fool, if he had only imploded himself.
did OceanGate have an insurer or positive assets? probably not so why bother.
You got something wrong, the warning system was not for the window but the carbon body. Also the carbon body is the thing that suddenly and with little warning fails. The window will show more signs of failure although I deny strongly that "cracks in a window" are a good safety mechanism.
These people travelled 2 miles under the ocean, on a homemade sub which seemingly didn't subscribe to any safety regulations. FAFO
gross negligence is an understatement
Hopefully they lose every penny, their houses and their cars and everything else!
We need Part 2 because it's an extremely complex case
Families shouldn't get a cent. The waiver makes it clear death is a valid possibility. If i tell you you could die and you come, that's on you. They may find loopholes, but they shouldn't get a cent. They knew it was a risk.
Never travel in anything that is registered in lawless territories like this submersible was. This includes most cruise ships which are registered in similar territories so they can circumvent safety and labour laws. My question is if all these people thought this sub was dangerous why didn’t they sound the alarm outside OceanGate until this disaster? If the company that created it is based on the U.S. it should fall under U.S. law and jurisdiction. Stop this flag of convenience crap.
I forget which YouTuber it was , but he showed text messages directly from Stockton Rush when Stockton was trying to get exposure by offering free seats to influencers,  in which Stockton was trying to dismiss his worries about risk by bragging , “there hasn’t been in fatal incident by manned deep submersibles in 35 years”  That statement is true , but what he didn’t disclose to his layperson potential passengers was that his submersible was a novel unproven design which was not certified to the standards of the rest of the industry.      In effect he was using the great track record of the rest of the community to get people to get onboard with him , knowing that he wasnt coming even close to giving them the whole truth.  To me as a non lawyer that seems one of the most grievous things he did .
Heaven's Gate. Ocean Gate. Hallucinations stated with confidence. Belief in a leader that did not believe in facing reality.
you may be able to skirt the law of man. but the law of physics will crush you in the end.
Imagine having countless experts telling you that a vessel isn't seaworthy because of all of the corners being cut, and getting personally insulted.
Seems his whole strategy was lie and Fingers Crossed
Mhmmm.  So the passengers decided to go in a bubble way deep in the water knowing it could have issues and implode.  They did that... They had the option to not go.  I doubt they were under duress.  They had it coming. Do people sign waivers when they go out and run errands?  Things happen.  Almost all you have control over.
That waiver should have said that it was only rated to 1300 ft but the dive was going to 4000 ft. No one in their right mind would have signed. Stockton has apparently never heard of a safety factor - realistically the sub should have been rated for 5000+ feet, but even then I personally would never do it
My understanding is the liability limit is 12 NMs rather 3?
Kind of wondering who the hell theyre going to be sueing?  Rush is dead so he cant be sued, i mean theres his family i guess but that feels wrong. The company itself cant be long for this world so i dont see alot of money coming out of them.  Who are they gonna target? The college graduate employees who likely have next to nothing themselves?
Sorry but it needs to be FOUR willingly went, ONE was a 19 year old who's aunt has since come out and stated that he DID NOT want to be on that sub but his father pressured him into it for Father's Day. The FULLY grown ass adults who willingly went in there including the asshole who forced his son to go deserve no sympathy, but I don't like hearing that poor boy getting lumped in with them so carelessly.
Hmmmmmmm, sounds like a jobs program for lawyers.
So, did they name the company “Oceangate” in anticipation of a scandal? Is this “Oceangate-gate?”
14:13 people really need to stop harping on the controller it's not a problem. The military does it and so do many other organizations. Controllers are robust intuitive and reliable. Controllers are used for multimillion-dollar craft all across the globe. There was a backup controller and backup controls. There are so many things that are legitimately wrong with the Titan but the controller is just not one of them
It is very impossible not to feel that Stockton Rush fully deserved his fate.
I’m surprised it took them this long.
In a dark sort of humour way, it's a good thing Rush went down with the sub.
Next up some billionaire is going to build a spaceship out of recalled coleman camping gear to oneup this shit.
I’m curious to know if courts might take into consideration that the owner of the Titan was on board, putting himself at the same risk as his passengers. Would he have done so if he thought it was life threatening?
Well... he was right?! It is safer than crossing the street. Globally more than 6 people a year die crossing the street, and here only 5 died in the sub. See? Simple pure numbers...  lol....
If the 'window' made noise in advance, then that's not really a feature since you can't raise the craft fast enough to make any difference. So basically it's a good way of announcing just how F'd the occupants are.
Stockton Rush was a charlatan that needlessly caused the death of four individuals, and purposely gave a 60 year old industry with a proven safety record two blackeyes. It was all inexcusable!
Whenever I hear someone is being sued, Weird Al's song "I'll Sue Ya" comes to mind
Hmmm, how many psychologists-psychiatrists have weighed-in on the CEO's personality type? Was the CEO a diagnosed narcissistic-sociopath?
I bet that the tourists did not know what they signed. They were not carbon fiber, experts. Nor did they know about test, safety or production. They had really no clue how dangerous it really could be. You sign and read so many things these days. Even an app requires you to, in theory, to read 56 terms or service §. People walk into dors because they do not read PULL”. 😃
It was named oceanGATE, there had to be some kind of scandal attached.
Great video! Would love to see a collab with BrickImmortar in the future on topics like this.
“Submersivles”?
As a diver, just the list of breaking or potentially breaking parts and hasty fixes sends up a huge red flag (probably does for anyone). Also, that thing is soooooo not safer than SCUBA diving.
Conservatives will deregulate because their business buddies want "innovation" and this is the result. This will be a lot more common if y'all keep the way y'all are.
Imagine thinking that Carbon Fiber is better than Titanium as a blanket statement. CF hss some GREAT properties but Titanium is just an _incredible_ metal, and a natural one at that. CF is a composite and requires that you do your shit correctly for it to be effective.  Titanium is just good all the time.   Also imagine being able to use the same liability loopholes as the very vessel you were going to see... remarkable.
lol "bohemian law" in the subs @ 7:56
“Stockton Rush really should have brushed up on his math an science skills” is the most savage advert for Brilliant possible 💀
I do not believe the families of the participates should be entitled to any financial compensation, or even an apology. The risks were clearly laid out, and were well known.
I can't imagine signing a waiver about a submersible that said it hasn't been certified by anyone else...  Really sad they got away with such negligence to the point they caused multiple deaths.
Stockton Rushs conduct was already litigated by a higher court than the court of man. The verdict was "death"
Wouldn't a suit claiming false advertising preempt any questions about the validity of the waiver? Didn’t OceanBlue make materially false statements in advertising for their services and thereby mislead their customers into believing that the trip was way safer than it actually was?
as A trail biker Carbon fiber Snaps on a few meters jump. i cannot imagine the horror of trusting it on that depth of waters
Regardless of whether lawsuits happen, where they happen, and whether they succeed, OceanGate is well and truly screwed. No one will trust them if they try any private expeditions like this again. The court of public opinion has already decided against them.
Are YOU willing to sign up to engage in a mutual-suicide pact? To see a ship that already has amazing pictures of it?  I could afford to do this. But I would not.   Sanjosemike (no longer in CA)
Did the Titan have insurance?  if so What company would write a policy for the Only vehicle that had not been approved by any professional association?
Well this just proves that private does the best!
im trying to imagine a literal billionare looking for ''lEgAl advice'', when they can hire a freaking cartel to fck your entire company annnnnd your entire family line
Since some of the customers were very wealthy the damages could be enormous. Does the company and executives have significant assets. There may not be much assets to collect against in any event? This definitely sounds like gross negligence - a ticking time bomb. Courts need to send a strong deterrence message to get rich quick artists who engage in such inherently dangerous activity.
This guy is going to become the poster example of tombstone mentality.
It's going to take years to untangle all the legal red tape in this situation.
5:20 - Hydraulic press channel made a video testing a vostok divers watch in a pressure chamber, you could see the plexiglass lens on the front crack heavily before failure. The oceangate guy was right!... but also... lol... that watch still catastrophically failed with just ever so slightly more pressure. By the time you knew what was happening there's no way you'd have time to make it back to the surface (AND) have them find and unbolt the vessel.  Everyone involved knew it was a risk, I think that's why they did it. When you're that wealthy and haven't a single care in the world it's fun to say you did something ridiculously foolish that costed a lot of money, and what better thing than to see the titanic with your own eyes!?
The word is “submersiBle”, with a B; not “submersiVle” 😬
All of Rush's quotes now surfacing, including Ocean Gate's final remaining video on their website, indicate everything Rush did was to cut costs and make this "cost effective" to sell as a prototype for vessels to be sold for multi- million or billion contracts for oil companies, universities or governments for seabed exploration and research. His focus on going cheap could be an interesting legal twist with the right attorneys to push this as an exception to general liability waivers when the signers were unaware of cost cutting as the central focus.
My brother who is an engineer said it is way easier to build something that can withstand zero pressure like in space than to build something that can withstand 5,000 psi.
Just a question, why does it seem that someone has to die before changes are made? Locridge was not the only one to express concern (every video that I have watched includes someone voicing their concerns) yet, no one stepped up and stopped him. I’m thinking that the burden of guilt rests on many shoulders.
As a nurse in a hyperbaric chamber I find it laughable that they didn’t get sued prior to this…. I go into a chamber everyday with patients and I’m not actually submerging and we take sooo many precautions
"Just the tip of the iceberg" 😅
It still astounds me that they charged people 250,000 dollars to get into a vessel that might as well have been held together by duct tape, some dried up gum that was found on the street and numerous fingers being crossed so tightly that they've fused together.
LE, rocking the paisley style tie. Twas one of my faves in my salesman days. The passengers were probably eating lobster and caviar when handed these waivers. Sad event all around.
Never before have I seen any company turn “innovate” into a dirty word so fast
It's such a shame that many knew it was unsafe and the industry knew it was not fit for purpose, perhaps they should of acted, and I did hear about the jurisdiction issues but the ship should of been impounded at the last port it visited?
Is it just me or does he keep saying submersivles 16:58
So hard to take this video seriously with Ryan Reynolds sitting at a desk pretending to be a lawyer….
It's kind of hard to win this I'd imagine, because Rush himself died along with them. So it seems at least that Rush foolishly believed the vessel was safe (he was willing to bet his life on it). You can't make a case that Rush knew the dangers were more extreme than the waiver let on. It's hard to say there was a distinct disregard for safety when Rush himself was willing to get on it. Further, the Titan had made some prior trips successfully.   In the waiver it states that the submarine is experimental, not approved or certified and uses alternate materials.  This wasn't a contract signed under duress. This wasn't a last hope experimental medical treatment. They could have walked away at any time. They agreed to get on this thing. These are the risks of getting on an experimental, uncertified vessel.
Wanton conduct=wanton soup.
If the sub was certified and had correct maintenance done to it that waiver would have held some weight.. but at this point their just some pieces of paper..
It's funny how the company already gave themselves a scandal name.
Oceangate lied about the parties involved in the construction of the Titan. The partisapents weren't fully informed about the risks involved.  The waiver is invalid.
So basically the waiver said.." you will most likely die if you get in this submersible "   that's basically  what I gathered  when eagle was reading the waiver 😅😅😅
Waivers like this need to be outlawed. There's no way this waiver should be considered a legal document. its ridiculous.
Dear conservatives- this is why unregulated free market is dangerous.
If the libertarians ever actually start a seastead, there's going to be dozens of videos like this one.
LegalEagle, you are an IDIOT. In the CONTRACT, it says you could get ""Seriously INJURED or DIE"". You legal eagle want to render meaningless ""DEATH or SERIOUS INJURY"" in a legal contract.
The fact that they said they “McGuyvered” together a submarine blows me away.
Who tf they gone sue wasn’t the owner in the sub too?
I  have a friend who works in insurance, and deals with liability waivers all the time. He told me that if I'm going to do something risky and I'm presented with a liability waiver, I should just sign it without reading it. This would allow me to sue the operator if something happened.
vaush recommeded you recently. Do you know him?
From the videos of the interior of the sub, I can see a few items (the computer monitor bracket, the light bar) screwed directly into the CF hull.  That seems kinda wrong to me.
The company needs to be bankrupt. The victims while rich didnt deserve to die in such a horrific way. I dont think any amount of money will rectify the deaths caused but i truly hope the ceo loses everything he loves. Which is money.
Any moron who signs a waver like this deserves what ever happens to him/her.
Lol what a proper name for the company... We had watergate. This is oceangate.
You know. For billionaires you would expect them to be smarter than just reading the paper once and then just let it happen.
There has to be some legal precedent someone wants set.
See he might have found loopholes, but in a submarine, any hole is bad
Man, all I know is that this Rush fellah had that grandeurs illusion.   Experts: you should todo it’s this way.  Rush: what do YOU know?! You’re only hindering progress!!!  *Dead*
Did (does) OceanGate Expeditions have insurance? If yes, what is the name of the Insurance Company?
Well... If his goal was to make the iPhone of submarines, he certainly did. Way too expensive, missing major features, breaks if you get it wet
It was Rush's excuses that struck me as illogical. Example: testing was not necessary because pilot error was the main cause of problems. So 2 causes, structural or piloting, means you don't eliminate the one because of the other? That isn't logical. Another example: Using the clean record of 35 years without an accident as a selling point for your sub, but not applying the standards and breaking the rules of these standards. Another: Using young less experienced people instead of those with many years of knowledge  and covering it up as somehow inducing innovation. And firing the one who did speak up. The list can go on.
If you have to sign a waiver while paying hundreds of thousands $$, you are just dumb. Simple..!
Rush's personality has existed throughout history and is one of the reasons that 'independent, 3rd party review' is commonly used. In this case, he made sure to avoid placing himself anywhere that he could be forced to comply with any best practices. He simply believed that rule did not apply to him.
The clip from Real Engineering's video at 5:30 was talking about the properties of the carbon fiber hull, not the acrylic window. That being said, both of these materials undergo a sudden brittle fracture instead of gradually yielding near their ultimate strength, so the same logic still applies. If anything, it's only more condemning that he would go for using two materials with catastrophic failure modes and trust their safety to a monitoring system that's inherently questionable and inadequately tested.
I watched the RealEngineering analysis when it was published and I was mortified.
This incident will cause government industry standards to be created to cover these types of vehicles so nobody can just Mickey Mouse a submersible together & use it without meeting minimum safety regulations.
I've been sitting here waiting for you to do an explanation of the supreme Court rulings from last week
If you are carrying people down to the depth of 4000m and the first thing that comes to your mind is to cut cost, there is something really important missing in you
OceanGate needs to not exist..that company simply exists to kill people..to basically save a buck.  WHAT THE H!!
Dumb question If the late CEO can't be held accountable (for obvious reasons), then who will be? If it's the 2IC who can prove he's clear of wrongdoing, then what?
I only sign waivers that I have actually read thoroughly and even then, I very rarely sign any waiver regardless how of benign the situation seems to be.   Proving negligence in this case should be a slam dunk.
Tomorrow China will run out of rice bags🥱
Does this even matter?  It's not like OceanGate is a division of a large public corporation.  It's a small company that just lost its Founder/CEO.  Based on the tragedy, its revenue is likely close to zero now.  Probably has existing debt that has a claim on assets.  If the family wants any money, they need to figure out someone else to sue with a better balance sheet.
I'm taking back my like; that was a crass segue
Alas, if only we could keep these narcissists on a tight leash and far from the reigns of influence…
I'm not so sure the passengers knew this was an extreme activity. They should have known, definitely... but they were being lulled into a false sense of security. And possibly lulled themselves into believing it was all good.
12:23 The phrase 'Immediately after entering the water" makes it sound like the guys head went under and he instantly ragdolled John Marston style
"Who coulda seen something going wrong with the titan vessel" everyone, once they knew that they didnt bother twsting the fuckin thing
I'm really interested in seeing if they will not be able to sue in the US and the Bahamas will have full jurisdiction.
They shouldn't be sued the people who got in knew what they signed up for, there was always a possibility that this could happen.
This is what happens under the "go fast and break things" mindset.
I'm here to be *that person*, but submarine and submersible are 2 different things. Not interchangeable.
Suicide pact
Pioneering case law. This is going to be messy.
I didn’t realize how deep the rabbit hole was until the last section of this video. That company engaged in so many layers of shaking responsibility or being just under the radar of so many illegal infractions, while any one single of those attempts may not hold up in court, putting them all together is like a history of blatant negligence, knowing it, and finding every loophole to “mitigate” it. Trying to sneak under everything is basically a legal submarine for a literal submarine.   Wow. Just wow. If your company has to engage in this many layers of underhand tactics, you should’ve left that company long ago. This is about 8 times more shady business than the original design.
Uh-oh, you’re about to anger the Titanic nerds…  I disagree with the assertion that Titanic had any kind of design flaw. In fact, she operated exactly as she was intended to. The ship could survive with the first, last, or middle four compartments flooded, or any 2 or 3 consecutive compartments flooded. She simply encountered a situation she was not designed to withstand.  In fact, she took such a long time to sink relative to other ships of her era, that it’s a testament to the strength of her construction.
The last thing to go through Rush’s mind was high pressured water and bits of his poorly designed sub…
The only defense I can see for the passenger's families is to show that OceanGate intentionally strung together a series of loopholes to allow "mission specialists" to dive in an experimental craft.  They would also have to show that the "mission specialists" were tourists by disputing their specialties being used as part of the mission.   As an engineer I find OceanGates practices to be ignorant, unethical, and immoral.  Even if they win in court(s) they have made their last dive and I pray for the bankruptcy of the company..
The game controller itself wasn’t the problem, it’s the fact it was corded (and to me, off brand. Cheap AF). But using a game controller itself is fine.
My favorite part is when he tried to promote the senior accountant to Submersible pilot and she literally shit her pants then quit. That was after he fired their previous pilot and engineer for raising safety concerns, of course.  Or is my favorite that he used community college students which he called "engineers" and payed them $15 to design the Titan's electrical system?   Or is it the "Small caliber gun fire" heard coming from the hull on every dive both ascending and descending but Rush says, Dont worry that's just our audible hull delamination sensor telling us everything is okay.   Too many gaffs to name them all but this is a solid list.
did they delete their facebook pages or did they block me lol
Is a product liability analysis applicable here?
Both Rush and the passengers showed an extreme deficit of common sense.
Idk if I'd call it a "disaster"
0:47 *four people and one reluctant teenager who was accompanying his dad
The families of the victims of the original Titanic disaster were cheated by that bs 1851 law
Thank you for breaking down the possible legal repercussions regarding the Oceangate Expeditions submersible. My boyfriend and I argued because he said that because the occupants  signed a waiver  Oceangate Expeditions could not be sued. I disagreed saying contracts are made to be broken as I do beiieve there were enough real and imagined safety issues with the Titan submersible before it 's final deployment killing all who were aboard the vessel.
Welcome to another hour of "How to sue a dead man".
This situation is so ridiculous if there wasn't video proof of this happening i wouldn't have believed it. The future is going to love this in the history books, we must be better
What if they sue for just punitive damages? Like, couldn't they acknowledge they value of the wreck is $0 but seek to deter others from such extreme negligence through punitive damages?
ref: regulatory authorities. If the contract (and presumably the operation in total) was operating under Bahamian law, then presumably a Bahamian Regulatory Authority of some description would have to inspect and authorize the sub for operation. I'm no expert in Bajan law but I know a bit about Bermudian regulatory authorities (born & bred) and we'd have trouble inspecting/certifying anything more complicated than an ordinary pleasure craft. Something intended to go that deep? No clue. Might as well ask Santa Claus his opinion; it'd be just as valid as ours.
For this, I would be persuaded that "Gross Negligence" would be an understatement.
What I learned is there are so many dumbasses who got onto that thing before it sank, even excluding employees.
After titan was struck by lightning the carbon fiber was toast as it is highly conductive
The only basis for a lawsuit that *should* be taken serious here would be one that results in measures that ensure billionaires and similarly rich people are prevented from being a danger to themselves and others.  Not just pursuing a payday.
Dicks out for ecean gate..long live the deep sea demons..
Rich people don't see the world like you or I do.  They think they can throw money at problems until they go away.  Yeah the sub was a toy. Yeah it would probably definitely kill them. BUT! They can always scream at the Ocean "Do you know who my father is?" And expect the ocean to give a shit, and allow them to pass through unharmed.  Only you and I know the ocean doesn't care how much money you have or who your father is. Unless he's Poseidon.
I'm curious to see if the CEO's presence on the sub and the fact that he died alongside the passengers will be used as a defence, and if that defence will be effective. It seems like it might raise some interesting legal questions over whether he truly believed the sub was safe despite all the issues, which would create doubt over whether this was a case of wilful and gross negligence for the sake of profit or a case of gross incompetence
That dude in the Factor ad somehow makes me want Factor less than the nasty dehydrated food itself and I already don't want that crap at all.
I don't think the damage from the lightning strike really means anything, good or bad. They were trying to go to the bottom of the ocean, and there isn't much lightning down there. Not part of tbe design criteria to begin with.
0:52 lmao😂😂😂
250 thousand per person and they couldnt do a test run?
Engineers: "This machine is unsafe..." Stockton Rush: "How dare you insult me personally!"
The only real positive of this whole situation is this is the 'mess left on the carpet' you can rub someone's nose in, any time they say "Regulation is the enemy of innovation."
When only the people who stand to profit off of something are saying "its fine," thats an entire color guard of red flags on its own.
There's a saying in the safety and security engineering spheres that goes : "If you think security measures are expensive, wait till you pay for an accident."
They did claim to have Boeing and others make the sub with them when they didn’t and used that as a marketing pitch to customers. Would that hurt the waiver they signed?
Why is it under Bahamian law when the wreck isn't nowhere near the Bahama's?
Not to poke ill fun at the dead, but this brings new meaning to the phrase "stupid rich." This guy laughed when he acknowledged he made this with patchwork parts and that industry professionals warned of potential safety issues...and they still went
I feel sorry for the families of the people who died and for the young man that didn‘t even want to be there. That said, it‘s just insane to me that anyone without a death wish would go on that trip. The owner was as liberal as it gets and hated regulation and certification. I guess this attitude attracts people who are rich and feel like they own the world.  So F to the young man and sucks to suck to the rest of them. But I don‘t see why the company should compensate (idk if that’s the right word here) the families. It seems to me like the company might have been criminally negligent. But so were the people signing the waiver and deliberately boarding this submarine death trap.
The fact that they used an _off-brand_ controller tells me all I need to know about the build mentality. Not even a legit controller, yeesh. What's that save, $40? Cut all the corners.
Absolutely savage ad segue
OceanGate basically has no future now, after this publicity nobody is ever going to want to do business with them. The company might as well liquidate its assets (just like how Stockton liquidated himself) and use those funds to pay towards the families that lost someone.
So baffled that the ceo that owned the sub was comfortable himself being inside of it
The Titanic has claimed 5 more victims, more than 100 years later.
Hear me out. Stockton wanted to go out if ever something went wrong with the sub. It's why he made it his business to go down with every dive. He knew that death would be quick and he wouldn't have to go through a major lawsuits if he went down with the vessel
Maybe after hearing "you are going to kill someone" multiple times, someone should take it to heart and think "huh, maybe this thing isn't as safe as I thought." What an idiot Rush was.
When you have to go that far to make sure that your submarine isn't inspected after getting multiple warnings from experts, it's beyond hubris. How hard is it to just f*ing listen when experts tell you something is a bad idea.
Yeah, that risk of using unconventional materials simply couldn't be eliminated... that would make it expensive to make...
He was all about moving fast, breaking things and smashing through boundaries, including  the boundary between biology and physics. He took his passengers with him.
Really?  Viewing porthole graphics?  Too soon?
They will be sued, yes, but any reasonable judge will find OceanGate not liable.
"Carbon fiber is a great material, better than titanium" is such a boneheaded statement. It's like saying "vulcanised rubber is a great material, better than titanium", and yeah, sure, if you're making tyres, not if you're making a pressure hull for a submarine. Similarly, there are plenty of applications where carbon fiber would be a much better material choice than titanium, but again, not if you're making a pressure hull for a submarine. This guy was just constantly talking out his ass, huh? Reminds me of another guy, whose last name rhymes with tusk...
Stockton Rush should be remembered as a murderer and nothing else.
Since they didn't see the Titanic they at least deserve a refund
4:21 "And that's really just the tip of the iceberg" Wah Wah
Rich idiots just looooooove making everything wireless.
lol, best segue ever
Their intent to obfuscate is obvious.
They were found not guilty but didn't it come outyears later that they knew the ship was not made of proper bolts.
The craziest thing is they weren't even technically passengers, they were 'explorers funding their own excursion'
Signing a form allowing the company to kill you .....i dont think they read the form.
*tin foil hat on* Both Titanic and Oceangate were doomed simply because their name. Titanic's fate was predicted by the book about a ship called "Titan" and that adding -gate at the end of anything makes it scandalous...quite the coincidence.... 🤔 🤔 🤔
I wouldn't be surprised if these fools start offering hot-air balloon rides over the new Iceland volcano.
OceanGateGate is upon us!
How are Gull Dive still in business?!
Why are people calling the Logitech F710 pc controller a "Playstation controller"?
They have nexus to the state they were operating in.
In classic billionaire fashion, Stockton Rush flaunted regulations and left everyone else to reckon with the consequences of his actions.
I find it mental that someone read that waiver and actually signed it
Multiple issues ,once it was hit by lightning it shoukd have NEVER been used again.All the carbon fiberwas DONE.different sounds of glues to titanium Bond seperating under pressure changes ect.Many Many warnings .Being a Cheapo and EXTREME Actovities doesnt mix and will Kill you.Many Many warnings.
Seems like a simple question. If someone signs a waiver, does that absolve a company of all liability for negligence? I would say no. Even when signing a waiver, there’s still a reasonable assumption that safety measures will be employed. The waiver absolves responsibility in the event of unforeseen disaster, not negligence of what should have been foreseeable safety concerns.
That waiver was more than explicit and i kinda tend to the position that anybody stupid enough to sign that fully deserves whatever happened to him and waives any right to sue. Stupidity like that should not be rewarded or encouraged nor should you get any compensation for harm that befalls you or your property due to that level of stupidity.  Also, the company should have been shut down by the state long before there were deaths and definitly now that there were. But neither the victims nor the victims family can sue the company for the same reason that the family of a drug overdose victim cannot sue the victims drug dealer for selling the victim heroin cut with rat poison.
I thought you needed to sign your life away in order to board that literal death trap?
OceanGate, Heaven's gate, same results.
I really wanna find these!  I want a Kung Fu tea!
There were not 5 men involved in this disaster . One was a 19 year old , a youth who did want to be there and who only went to be with his father on Father’s Day , per family members - I hope that someone sues on behalf of this child Can others please respect that his presence in that death trap was very different than the other men there!
people sign a waiver and assume their invincible after. crazy how anyone let the sub leave
3000 meters is 'well short of the depth of the titanic' .. yes 25% is not négligeable,  and you do not specify if that 3000 rating is a 'test depth', an operatin depth, a design depth or a crush depth. typically a test depth, which is the normal operation maximum depth is between 075 to 0.5 the design depth, which is meant to be above the crush depth obviously.
One word. Experimental. The FAA is one of the most regulated, bureaucratic aspects of modern life. You have to meet so many requirements to carry passengers.   Change your aircraft type from certified to experimental, and boom. You can carry a passenger, get into an accident, and the NTSB and FAA may not even send an agent out to investigate.
This was the result of truly criminal stupidity. It's remarkable how we worship these billionaires as though they are gods who can do no wrong. I thought Musk burning Twitter to the ground (along with 40 billion dollars) was the biggest unforced error of recent times, but apparently having a dick measuring contest with Poseidon now takes the cake.
I don’t know if the Limitation Act will help OceanGate as much as it did White Star Line. Despite the dramatic spin James Cameron likes to put on it, the _Titanic_ was a sound design and would have survived almost any accident except the very unlikely one that sank her. Her designers followed all the best practices for designing ocean liners at the time, which is exactly the opposite of what OceanGate did.
8:18
I wouldn't doubt Stockton called the waivers a technicality or legal jargon or something dismissive to get people to sign them without thinking. "Technically you have to sign this waiver for legal reasons." And people just said "Oh yeah wink wink."
4 people and one unwilling son
I don't know if that ever gets answered here: the waiver the passengers had to sign included a clause of indemnification. wouldn't that mean, that all the litigation-costs would come out of the pockets of the passengers because they were to some extent the cause of the litigation? since, if they hadn't entered into the contract, the titan would not go down to the wreck of the titanic? and even after being killed, the pockets of that pakistani billionaire are pretty deep (money would be taken out of the inheritance).
There is no such thing as an exculpatory clause.
I can't believe they saw that waiver and thought, great, let's go.  The mind boggles.  You could not have paid me 250,000 to risk my life.
I find it ironic that Sony deemed it critical to maintain control in certain situations to force the use of a wireless controller in wired mode (even in subsequent generations) but not a submarine designer repurposing said controller to control a submersible with passengers in it that they ended up using another controller that cannot fallback to a wired connection(which isnt a concern in its original use case).
This is so interesting I love your videos thanks so much
"Certification company declined requests to test" and "chose not to certify" present very different optics.
I believe that OceanGate can be beaten in a lawsuit, but I think the bigger question would be what what happens and how liability could be dealt with if the company itself just dissolves before litigation could be completed.  This is a submarine company that just had the most public submarine failure of all time.  Nobody is going to want to employ them, they're not going to be able to pay the bills.    And if the company dissolves, its assets may be gone before lawsuits could extract any value for settlements.  With the CEO himself dead, it's not clear how much any of the other individual humans at the company would bare any sort of legal liability (and the growing number of stories about Stockton Rush personally having all this hubris play into this being mainly just him).
The company knew full well this was gonna happen, they even named themselves oceanGATE
So the billionaires are suing for more money. Of course they are. 🙄
I would argue that: leaving out the time between acoustic detection of failure and actual failure being not long enough to surface, was willfully withholding critical information.
Those that died in this accident might have deserved it for being so astronomically stupid to get in that sub in the first place, and even more so for having paid $250k to be able to take that dive   Darwin awards are handing out nicely this year
Rich people died seeing a ship that poor people died on. I hipe these lawsuits get over turned.
I think what really screws them was mis-using Nasa and Boeing's Logos (listing their parts suppliers to bolster their credibility).
The $664,000 White Star Line paid out in 1912 would be about $21 million today.
Don't forget about manufacturing and engineer support companies.
Shame Stockton's corpse didn't survive. A study of a narcissist's brain (even a dead one) can help reveal the source of such ego. Ironic that he would help humanity more in death than in life.
Well if they read the waiver, signed it, and embarked, I can't say I feel much empathy for them
Un-seaworthyness Well if I never send it to be tested then I cant be told its seaworthy status- Sub builder guy
that is not a eagle sound.........
Is it weird that I wish the CEO had survived so that he would see just how badly he messed up? Like, by all rights, he deserves to be down there with his sub, and it's a tragedy that others had to join him. But I would love to see that egotistical idiot get mercilessly dragged through the mud while he's forced to confront the fact that every word he's said about Oceangate was an egregious lie. In a sense, he got the easy way out.
I mean... I have problems trusting planes and subs as is. And getting into one someone kitbashed thinking theres no need for complex safety systems from "random" sutff? Yeah nuh uh. I am not suicidal.
Should have been a sign when more effort was put into the waiver than the sub itself...
Are you saying submersivle?
"Tip of the iceberg"....Nice one Legal Eagle😄
Some questions I have for you as a lawyer: Could anybody have sued OceanGate to prevent the use of the submersible? If so, how could that have happened? If so, Why didn't it happen? Rush admitted he never followed any guidance from any source. He googled how to build a sub and thought he could do it better. He insulted Navy submariners instead of hiring them. He ignored several safety concerns that proved to be fail points. Rush lied to clients and potential clients about Nasa and Boeing's involvement to design and build this submersible. There had to be some way to at least prevent Rush from taking clients with him. If not, is there any possibility to create policies that can prevent innocent deaths from negligence in the future?
oooh i was waiting on your take on this, seen a few lawyers speak, but team legal eagle is still the one i look forward to the most
that was a cold hearted ad read, respect.
20:00 That would translate to a little over USD 10,000 per lost life in today's money.  I feel annoyingly conflicted about Stockton Rush being dead. On the one hand, he deserved to be among those killed by his penny-pinching idiocy. On the other hand, the self-righteous ass also deserved to suffer humiliation. Wouldn't have needed to be in public; realizing in his final moments that he screwed himself would've been enough. But while I'm glad for the others (yes, even the two thrill-seeking billionaires) that there was hardly enough time to realize the critical danger and zero time for synapses to experience the process of dying, I hate that he didn't suffer at all.
Sniffing your own farts!!!!
This is a great video, I learned a lot, and I know y’all need to make your money, but it’s a 25 minute video and I had 8 ad breaks (not counting the ad at the beginning). It’s so hard to stay with you when every thought gets interrupted by a goofy ad. Please considered reevaluating your ads/monetization preferences.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes...
And here I thought OceanGate was in some deep water and hot shit.
They weren't called passengers. Right below the highlighted area you showed, it was said that passengers carry a heavy responsibility, more so than "crew members." These individuals were called, "mission specialists," probably to mitigate the legal repercussions of the very thing that happened.
While I do not practice law in the Bahamas, I do practice law in England an Wales.   In my home jurisdiction, it is not possible to contract out of liability for negligence causing death or injury. Having a quick google it looksl ike the Bahamas has a very similar law.   My questoin is whether under US law, does a choice of venue clause (which was at the end of the choice of law clause cited in the video) prevent a US court having jurisdiciton?
4:55 ominous AI interpretation in the YT close captions: "death rating".  Btw for the big poster screens describing laws, might be nice to leave some space at the bottom for people on captions.
If the dive had *gone ahead
6:30 "something happened to one of the thrusters" is a very polite way to say "it was apparently installed completely backwards"
So Rush scoffs at traditional sub mechanics in favor of his own altough the traditional mechanics have obviously be proven to be tried and true for decades. So why fix what ain't broke?  And the absolute cherry on top is that he had the audacity to name his sub after the Titanic. Smh.
Thanks for the detailed video counsellor, I was just pondering "what would Mr. Stone have to say about this Titan sub mess".
I liked how James Cameron described the real time acoustic monitoring system. He said “ that’s like saying: well, we have a poor design for the engine on our rocket ship but we have a sensor to tell us when it’s on fire”
I bet the Money well runs dry quick... the company was losing money as it was according to Stockton rush in an interview... The biggest asset the company had was their titan sub and any design patents he may of had. I doubt that anyone will want to build another one.
5:24  In this context, instead of an audible sound -- the word crackle may be referring to a specific visible change in the material's surface.   The "crackle effect" can be found in spray paints & nail polish... artists give tutorials on how crackling can provide texture etc.  I think something crackling before it cracks, means a previously smooth surface now looks crackled. So, this would be something caught/noticed during a visual inspection.   This still sounds wildly unsafe but I'd also like an expert to weigh in. I kind of get the impression someone went with the first entry for 'crackle' & did not ask any petrologists.
This story gets dumber and dumber.
The whole hull warning system was such a con. At any reasonable depth, the second the hull started to fail or the window started to crack, it was over. There was no way they could drop the ballast and ascend fast enough to mitigate the risk.
didn't know john krasinski was a lawyer too
Tip of the iceberg, huh?
FYI, it wasn't 5 people that chose to go, it was 4 people and a forced 19 year old.
The problem when people do stupid things like this, it scares anyone else from trying again. Be it people that would pay to go down, and conpanies that want to build a submersible that can go fown there.  It strikes fear in everyone, preventing it to happen again, regardless if we have the tech to take people down there or not
In regards to jurisdiction, wouldn't this being international waters mean the Titan falls under a flag state? I don't recall a flag being flown on or within the vessel, and yet I feel like this detail could be important in such a determination.
This is what traditional 'Venture Capitalism' looks like.
My late father was a lot like Rush.  It was his unwaivering _hope_ that one of his genius ideas would change his life, for the better, that kept him going.  He didn't really care about mundane things such as safety and what others thought, all he cared about was the future, _end_ result.  Sadly, he never finished anything.  But boy did he _want_ fame and fortune.  He wanted it bad enough that if that's all it took, you would all know who he was.
oceangate is 100% ruined they are now on liquidation program
Cliff from Dead Man on Campus built a submarine.
Objection! Since the passengers were ostensibly there as "experts" and not "passengers", doesn't that mean there are employment law considerations here?  I always figured the standard for killing an employee was harsher than for killing a customer because of the power relationship there.
Stockton Rush? More like StuckAnd Crushed 🥁
Has anyone point out why they didn't make an upgraded version of the sub?  Its seems they prove there points by making a working sub out of crap.
Legal egal is lame
Risk, liability waivers and their exceptions (gross negligence) can be formulated like this: You have a right to be stupid, but not to be fooled by someone far more stupid.
take any situation and of you search hard enough you will find someone that had objection. heck that is even guaranteed for every endeavour, if you ask a lawyer's opinion.  What you are doing is counting the hits and ignoring the miss. unless you can prove the guy was suicidal, you are going to have a hard time to prove he knew the the think was or was likely to implode. Last I checked no Nasa manager got sued, even less condemned for the o-ring disaster, so I can't imagine why this would be worse
Sued? So the victims need more money? They're dumb just knock it off.
"Carbon fiber is a great material, it's better than titanium." Very misleading statement. You can swap the terms "carbon fiber" and "titanium" in that sentence and it still remains true. You can replace one or both of those terms by literally anything and the sentence will remain truthful. For the specific context of submarine hulls, that sentence is *VERY* false. The real mystery everyone should be focusing on is "why didn't the Titan implode sooner?"
Wow, they had to pay $250,000 in order to get on board and risk their lives. The fee was the least of their costs.
Can we not though? Oceangate is doing God's work for billionaires. They literally let them get eaten.
Unlike the submersible, I don’t think Oceangate’s defense…holds any water
This will go down in history as one of the best examples of Gross Negligence. WIllfully disregarding safety standards is precisely what the business sold as a virtue. Safety standards are defined by reference to the practices used within a given industry, and they specifically sought to reinvent those standards under the misguided belief that they were overly restrictive.
Great overview and presentation per usual
It actually feels sort of unfair that Rush died with them, I kinda want him to have to live with the guilt of what he did
I thought in the aftermath of Oceangate (btw, what a name) the company is done for. I didn't consider the numerous lawsuits that could come their way.
In what way is carbon fiber "better" than titanium?  The only thing he could mean is cheaper,  maybe lighter, but neither of those things mean better.   Balsa wood is lighter,  i wouldn't build a sub out of it.  Dirt is cheaper,  does that make dirt "better" than titanium?
A shipowner was about to send to sea an emigrant-ship. He knew that she was old, and not well built at the first; that she had seen many seas and climes, and often had needed repairs. Doubts had been suggested to him that possibly she was not seaworthy. These doubts preyed upon his mind, and made him unhappy; he thought that perhaps he ought to have her thoroughly overhauled and refitted, even though this should put him at great expense. Before the ship sailed, however, he succeeded in overcoming these melancholy reflections. He said to himself that she had gone safely through so many voyages and weathered so many storms that it was idle to suppose she would not come safely home from this trip also. He would put his trust in Providence, which could hardly fail to protect all these unhappy families that were leaving their fatherland to seek for better times elsewhere. He would dismiss from his mind all ungenerous suspicions about the honesty of builders and contractors. In such ways he acquired a sincere and comfortable conviction that his vessel was thoroughly safe and seaworthy; he watched her departure with a light heart, and benevolent wishes for the success of the exiles in their strange new home that was to be; and he got his insurance-money when she went down in mid-ocean and told no tales.  What shall we say of him? Surely this, that he was verily guilty of the death of those families. It is admitted that he did sincerely believe in the soundness of his ship; but the sincerity of his conviction can in no wise help him, because he had no right to believe on such evidence as was before him. He had acquired his belief not by honestly earning it in patient investigation, but by stifling his doubts. And although in the end he may have felt so sure about it that he could not think otherwise, yet inasmuch as he had knowingly and willingly worked himself into that frame of mind, he must be held responsible for it.  - William K. Clifford, The Ethics of Belief (1877)
Everyone is blowing up about the controller. The controller isn't objectively bad. The issue is the fact it's a wireless controller. Did they have spare batteries? What if the controller dies mid dive?  Aaron, an ex submariner and founder of Sub Brief, has great videos on the topic.
Do the trans athletes in disc golf issue.
In other news, it's finally RICO, Shein are being charged with RICO violations
“Gross incompetence” that seems to be an underwhelming understatement of the idiocy of this situation
I’m really interested in the fact that Rush was in the submersible. Can you argue he had gross negligence when it was his own life at stake? Probably idk
My question wouldn't the people of the titan take out insurance on themselves?
This is so Sad.....God's wonderful  gifts of hightsight....Which this perhaps  is.??...Innovative  is good  too....This comment  should  not be understood  as wrong or Right....Oh WoW  we Agree with what other people  are saying  too....We pray that in the Future  that when people  are trying  to be Innovative...Use God's Wonderful  gift of .."WELL this may work. "?But others are saying  these suggestions  to improve  others Concepts...
Had Ballard not dismissed the thought to file salvage rights, none of the scavenging, thrill adventures and deaths
I really don't care. Interesting, but i really don't care. Rich people have too much money. Investing in subs i think it's a good investment.
Who will play the cheapskate CEO when a movie about this will be made?
The lawyers and engineers mate
The tragic irony was that what Stockton Rush most feared and hated were regulations. Now a group of elderly men in Washington DC who do not understand very much regarding science or technology will be making rules for an industry most of them cannot even begin to comprehend or appreciate.
Why couldn't the Koch or Wilks brothers be onboard? Those billionaires America could spare. Not enough white men, and I am one before you start the race card, are not held accountable for their actions. Therefore they become embolden and even more arrogant [See: Donald Trump].
It was never   'if'   they were going to kill somebody .. it was when .  Should change their name to Watergate .  Sue them .
All of these filthy rich people do stupid, risky things.  Then when they get into trouble, the US taxpayers through the Coast Guard and other federal agencies, have to spend a lot of money to try to rescue them.  That has got to stop.
I think it will come down to the waiver and whether or not gross negligence exists which is problematic because if Rush genuinely thought it was grossly negligent to do the dive he wouldn't have put himself in the sub. It may be basically buyer beware there's some argument maybe the mission specialists should have some due diligence on their own as to the behavior of Ocean Gate. The whole thing is unprecedented, just goes to show you shouldn't be running tourist trips like that. It would be interesting to analyze what the outcome would be if say Blue Origin exploded, hypothetically in some international jurisdiction.
Watching old interviews of Rush is devastating. It's so clear in hindsight that he was an arrogant thrill-seeker and didn't care about safety. It's horrific to realize that one man's ego got 4 others killed.
These loopholes need looking at.
It’s funny that it’s called OceanGate, you know like Watergate 😭
Dead millionaires give no shits
I bet lawyers are going to pick apart that agreement in a million ways. From withholding warnings from experts to violating labor laws trying to claim the passengers were crew.
What I don't get why Oceangate's waiver is being taken seriously? We know the company was intentionally dodging the legal system in the US when it came to certification of the sub. Rules for thee, but not for me?
this entire situation is just complicated..
This guy was negligent as fck. A team of engineering students could do better. They missed the basics of the material science in carbon fiber.
I feel sorry for everyone on board, except Stockton. I'm sorry, but if he got tons of warnings and blatantly ignored them, my pity can only extend so far.
Frankly, I hope Rush had enough time to fully realize that his hubris was about to kill him and the others.
a logitech controller is not a off-brand ps3 controller. It's a regular controller and it uses USB so it cna be used with a PC, Xbox you name it. And that controller was not the thing at fault here, it was the structural integrity of the vessel.   That logitech controller was used because it's quite hard to design a control scheme for operating vehicles from the ground up and a lot of even military vehicles use that same controller. You will see Ukranians driving armored vehicles and drones with that logitech controller for a reason.
Thank you for finally stating the obvious.  I'm kind of surprised they even got as far as they did.  They never should have been allowed to do this, in the first place.  It does feel like a little bit of justice since the HMFIC received the same fate but I do hope families are able to get paid, at the very least.
thing is the people onboard were rich people you know the type of people whos family can afford those real expensive lawyers
Glad you made this video. I’ve been following info about the tragedy since a couple of days after it imploded. It’s good to hear more details on OceanGate’s future.
You have some good points for sure but some of this does come off a just sensationalism.   Like when a plain crashes and they go find the people that say 'I knew it was going to crash'  like that doesn't happen with every flight  or the 100s of people that said reusable rockets will never work and they are just going to kill people.   Even experts in the field.
Does his clear demonstration he thought it was safe matter? Guessing this will be answered shortly seeing I asked before finishing the video.
That the vessel had performed several deep dives...  One more...  (Would certification have changed much (we still don't know the exact mode of failure - not that I have seen. - Speculation still abounds.)
Hey LegalEagle!
Any time a company is taking deliberate measures to avoid regulations of any kind, skipping important elements of the certification process, or otherwise operating in a fashion that any half-wit should be able to recognize as shady, you should probably avoid doing business with that company.
Who could of seen this happening ? ..... Literally anyone with more than 2 brain cells
From what I understand, the biggest legal hole I see is that he told everyone that he was using a certain method to build the carbon fiber, while on video building it in a different manor. I'm not a lawyer, but that seems like the route to take to me. What do you think? (Commenting while I'm still watching)
There's no way in H-E-double hockey sticks I'd get in that empty can of beans after reading that liability waiver and seeing a $250k price tag. But when you have so much money, you don't know what to do with it, you do sh*t like this 💀
There's texts and testimony that after they signed the form, the CEO then went and told them how safe it was, and pressured people to go on even after they were scared and tried to back out.  That seems to "waive" the waver, curious if the law says that too.  "Coerced into risky behavior after signing the waiver" seems like something that might cover it since he promised people it was safer than an airplane, etc., after they signed it and tried to back out.
Liability waivers cannot protect oceabgate from dereliction of the duty of care I hope this company is sued into the ground
Thank you for the best analysis on this matter.  A breath of fresh air!
Before this all went down, I thought that when rich businessmen disregarded safety concerns of their engineers to cut costs that it was because they were heartless and didn’t care if things went wrong and people died, but now I’m starting to think that they’re just idiots…
Problem is Stockton didn't stand behind the contents of the waiver. He consistently persuaded his passengers that the submersible was safe. I can easily imagine him telling them that the waiver is just a bunch of legal mumbo jumbo and that they have nothing to worry about...while simultaneously ignoring concerns from his own staff and experts from the industry about the issues with having a carbon fiber hull. Additionally he claimed that they worked with all these companies but I just recently learned from another video that they worked with the company Spencer Composites for the carbon fiber section (Titan). NASA? Boeing? Seriously?
So... Despite all of the experts telling him this sub was a bad build... Despite the pilot of that sub telling him it was unsafe to drive... Despite the fact that it was documented that the sub suffered issues to the Titanic wreckage site... The CEO in all of his hubris basically had the train of thought, "Nah, it will be fine. Just a bit of hiccups here and there. It will make it".  He literately went down with the ship. But the biggest question is whom will represent the company during this lawsuit? It was the CEO who cut corners that led to the disaster, but he dead!
mr rush's cause of death is hubris.
I totally figured they'd get massively sued.
Yeah I hope those billionaires recover their damages 🙄
I'm surprised the US government didn't blame it on Russia.
Was the company called Oceangate because they knew they'd be deeply mired in scandal?
"They now joined the exclusive club they were so fascinated with." 💀
If they go unscathed then prepare for more such incidents in a few years
No jury would give them a dime.
Great video.  Maritime law is a fascinating subject to me.  I learned quite a lot from this one.
Noice
How come no one stepped in and stopped them? Shouldnt some one have protected the passengers?
was i the only one losing my mind thinking real engineering sounded like super eyepatch wolf? i had to go on my own deep dive to confirm my ears were lying to me 😂
It is really hard to watch this episode. This concept really disturbs me.
They already have GATE as a suffix, seems like they knew they would fall into controversy 🤔
Jesus. The more I hear about this sub, the worse the whole concept gets. I knew it was haphazard, but the whole thing is practically Redneck Engineering levels of kludge.
Many years ago, while studying for a property/casualty insurance license, I was told to go ahead and sign a liability waiver any time it was presented, because in the majority of cases, they're not worth the paper they're printed on if something were to happen.  Now, that is almost certainly over-generalized and I am NOT a  lawyer (or even a licensed insurance agent any longer), but it is something I remember to this day, and this video doesn't do a lot to dissuade me from that generalization.
it's kind of messed up to say but i'll say it, *i think these people paid $250,0000 to be buried on or near the wreck of the Titanic* especially knowing everything thats come to light since the accident.
When you value innovation over human lives, there's going to be a problem.
Like the titanic Ocean gate also got their headline.
IT WAS HIT BY LIGHTNING. THE UNIVERSE LITERALLY WARNED THEM dhdjfhdvdhcjndvxhcjdbdbxj
Well here comes an idiotic answer. I have been absolutely fascinated with the titanic ever since I read about it in National Geographic. I have read everything I can find about the Titanic, visited multiple exhibits and just love all the history. I would absolutely love one day to visit the wreck. And here lies the issue. I know how dangerous it would be to go down that far, all the huge risks, and yet, if I had the money, I would still take that risk.  Even if it was with oceangate (now hindsight, I would pick one that happened before the implosion), But, yeah, would be a risk, but one if I could I would take.
Weren't the people who were in the company that owned the titanic have a horrible life afterwards?  I remember my history teacher saying there were lynchings
Maybe a megalodon ate it
For $50k I'll hook you up with a scuba rig and cement boots for a discount titanic adventure. Don Corleone discount diving LLC, ask for Vinny 😉
What is there to sue? They have no assets. Stockton is dead. There is hardly a future revenue stream.
I wanted him to pronounce vessel like Chekov in Star Trek OG
OceanGategate
A+ sponsor segue
I see that Alvin is still operating after nearly 60 years' service.  Gotta love that titanium!
The guy that made the Titan should have got a government job he would have qualified
But will they get them for littering on an official maritime gravesite?
Initially I felt a lot more compassion thinking these people were lied to. But if that's the stuff that was in the waiver...I can't believe they signed up for that. It sounds like the risks were written on the wall. The kid that went for his father is really sad though. Still hope the families get every dime from that company they can.
There is no money to be sued for. End of.
What's stupid is that Canadian taxpayers are footing the bill for billionaires when people within our country are struggling with poverty.
"Carbon fiber is better than titanium" - Rush. A week after the implosion the biggest intact pieces are the titanium caps from both ends of the sub. You can't make this up. Stupid fixes itself.
Caveat emptor.  You can't save people from themselves.
I wonder if Boeing can be held liable for selling carbon fiber that was past its shelf life.  Deep sea dive, deep pockets.
Does it matter whether it's valid or not if the company has no assets to satisfy a judgment.  The first step before you sue someone is to gauge whether you're going to end up with a very expensive piece of paper.
One thing you mentioned about the Titanic and the limitation act; you said about how the law protected the Titanic's owners because they were unaware of the design flaws. This is not the case here, since _many_ people accurately called it out in advance. I think the limitation act wouldn't apply here regardless of the ship's size because of this.
Am I the only one who, due to its use in American politics, is wary of any company that would put "-gate" at the end of its name?
This has little to do with the topic but the graphic at 16:31 is not to scale if the top is the surface
4:22 I see what you did there.
Its funny how people throw safety out the window until they get hurt.
Seriously, just reading the waiver would convince me I'd never take a trip with Oceangate. I'm stunned anyone read it and still went ahead with the trip, it boggles my mind.
Wait… The vehicle was struck by lightning and he still used it???
OceanGate.. the name is so aptly ironic.
"that's really just the tip of the iceberg"  ha!  I see what you did there...
stockton rush was a snake oil salesman. sounds like he used and exploited every kind of loophole to avoid safety regulations.  its a damn shame he probably never disclosed this to any of the passengers. what a piece of shit.
As they should
4:21 Nice!
There's some justice in the fact that Rush himself was on board, I suppose. Went down with his ship, and all that. Still seems a shame that he won't be around to be sued into oblivion for his blatant greed and carelessness, though... just taking it out on his company, which is *absolutely* doomed at this point regardless of lawsuits, just from all the bad press, doesn't have quite the same impact.
I would say they're done-for. Ignoring so many critiques from people in the know doesn't absolve them from what happened to people who didn't have that level of knowledge, when they made their decision to book passage. I'd have jumped into a shuttle the day after the Challenger incident. I wouldn't have gone near this thing on the surface, let alone submerged. Why people are so proud of their "MacGyvered" solutions truly baffles me. First, he was a fictional character. Second, his stuff only had to work ONCE.
I recommend the article 'The Titan Submersible Was “an Accident Waiting to Happen”' from the New Yorker. Really interesting read, especially regarding the people who have worked with OceanGate. Nargeolet, the expert who did over 30 dives to the Titanic already, knew it wasn't safe ("if you have to go, that would be a good way. Instant.") but he went on the Titan anyway because he thought he could help if things go wrong while they explore the wreck of the Titanic.
What?  Lawyers want a cut of the pie?  A pie they have NO prior association with?  Color me shocked.
Insurance company vs insurance company...
" People keep telling me im going to kill someone with my horrible design, I'm DEEPLY OFFENDED!!!!" - RIP Rush
As a practical matter I can't see Oceangate will probably go bankrupt before any lawsuits could conclude.  There wouldn't be any assets left for compensation for any lawsuit.
Given that there's large sums of evidence where Stockton effectively lied saying "While it wasn't certified it held up to standards" when it objectively didn't and he was warned it objectively didn't, I do believe there's grounds for it myself.  That said Waiver's are so silly. They're there purely to cover the idea of the guests doing something stupid and unforeseen but don't actually cover the main thing they seem to claim to cover because gross negligence is still the primary concern.
As someone who prepares software and tests and tests again with real users, this struck a chord with me.  There is absolutely no reason to NOT test the submersible in real situations, without real users. Total breakdown of many processes.
Just one ironic element is that no one ever actually said that Titanic was unsinkable, it's a total myth. One newspaper at the time said it was "virtually unsinkable", but no one at White Star, or any sailor, would have ever said anything like that. Sailors are way too superstitious to ever tempt fate like that. It's all just stories to add some poetic irony to it.  So Stockton Rush wasn't bragging like Titanic's engineers were, he was bragging like a made-up drama character
OceanGate is in a weak position. They hid issues with the submersible, and falsely claimed that Boeing, NASA and Washington Uni were involved in the design. They also wilfully ignored multiple warnings from highly qualified experts, while using inexperienced (and inexpensive) engineers for the design.    Sadly, a number of the passengers were convinced to buy into the project by the involvement of experienced submariner Nargeolet. But people who know him state that he was recently bereaved and seemed to be tired of life...
That's interesting that he discussed the Mt Bachelor case in Oregon (where I live). One ski resort shut down summer mountain biking operations after they lost a liability waiver case last year. And at other ski resorts I noticed that I had the option to NOT sign the liability waiver while purchasing my mountain biking lift ticket. Of course, if I did sign the waiver, I would get a discount on the lift ticket price. I guess the purpose of this is to ensure the waiver is enforceable because the resort didn't "force" me to sign it. 🙄  As if mountain biking and snow boarding are necessary activities. Please... How can riding a lift to the top of a hill and then riding a bike back down right to where I started be considered "necessary"? If you look up "futile" in the dictionary, there is probably a picture of lift-assisted mountain biking, skiing, and snow boarding. 😉  As much as I like Oregon, it is a stupid state in some ways. Resort operators are dealing with steep increases in insurance premiums here due to these liability waiver cases. It's the only western state where this happens and it puts access to recreational activities in jeopardy. Now, if a resort fails to perform due maintenance on their lifts resulting in catastrophic failure, then yeah, those liability waivers should not protect them from such gross negligence. But when I'm bombing down the hill on my mountain bike, it is my responsibility to establish safety margins and ride within them. I have broken bones crashing on resort trails in the past. It never occurred to me it was anyone's fault but my own.
Ridiculous that LLCs get an extra limited liability.
Anyone who has done ANY kind of machining, manufacturing, mechanical engineering, metallurgy, or even basic materials science would have known about Young's modulus and how different materials compress at different rates under the same amount of pressure. The different compression rates means any connecting joint between those dissimilar materials would never be strong enough and would always fail. Because this is basic knowledge, someone who helped build this thing knew about this major flaw in the design. The fact that it was ignored is proof enough of gross negligence. I mean, differential expansion due to temperature or pressure changes has literally been a subject in the Machinist's Handbook (a really good resource) for decades!
Devin, the sponsor segue was... a little callous. From one who thinks good jokes are never too soon. After explaining to us how the sub guy lied these other people into dying with him.
What about intentionally ignoring safety laws?
I heard the Titanic's value was limited to the value of the lifeboats, which wasn't much, obviously. In this case, isn't the value of OceanGate virtually nothing except any company assets? Can they collect anything from the founder's personal assets?
waiver does not grant murder
This sub was the entire clown car, all it was missing was a pair of floppy shoes.
Huh, I thought the part of the waiver that explicitly said the vessel was not certified would have gotten Oceangate off the hook since that more or less discloses that the thing is a death trap.
This whole wanting to be a maverick and go against the grain is such nonsense.  It’s ego.  You wanna be a maverick with mowing your lawn? Fine.  There’s a reason standards and regulations exist in professional and dangerous industries.  I hope this entire company is sued into bankruptcy, every employee sued, without any LLC / trust protections… with every dime going to the families.
THEY ALL DIED IN  A CONMAN'S SUBMARINE A CONMAN'S SUBMARINE A CONMAN'S SUBMARINE
When all the people who have been doing this for decades say you're being an idiot... They must all be wrong, right?
Lightning struck the titan and damaged 70% of its systems, and he still used the same vessel?? Even God wanted it gone 💀
OceanGate as a company was obviously finished the moment the submersible imploded. Sue them all you like, they have no assets.
"Not designed for passengers."  Tuna cans are not designed for passengers.  If you put people in a tuna can and they die, would that be considered "gross negligence?"
This is why I don’t believe in the American concept of “there’s too much regulation in business.”
I was waiting for this. As a scuba diver, there’s actual training to mitigate people taking risks or knowing what the risks are & how to handle them. In extreme cases like cave diving, there’s specific training a diver has to go through & it’s not an activity done by the inexperienced.
I dont understand... once a unit starts to show signs of damage, why not get a new unit entirely? What was so special about the company that provided the dive service? Are there other deep diving companies that would have better equipment?  I thank you for a kind reply
Important question: if it's proven, in court, that the dude intentionally put its passengers in danger, does that mean he should be considered a hero to the poor and working class?
Wow! Literally no one saw this coming. What a wild development! This man's hubris got him and others killed.
The submersible was subject to certification and inspection by the US Coast Guard but the company disregarded the law. It became subject to the law as the "vessel was constructed in the US and or operated in US waters." It was built in the US and performed dives in Puget Sound, one of which was videoed and broadcast on TV. In 2019 Lloyds Register refused to certify the vessel.
This will be interesting.  We will see how well these waivers hold up when you are dealing with people who have power and lots of money to spend. My guess is that one way or another that company is toast.
Something tells me the owner won't be too concerned about getting squeezed by multiple lawsuits or the heat it puts on his company.... he already got squeezed....down to the size of a baseball....while being heated to 1,500 Celsius in less than a blink of an eye...  I bet when the moment he stopped ascending and began sinking too the bottom of the ocean, he really regretted and wish he hadn't of taken all those short cuts. The port hole glass wasn't rated for that depth and pressure, and the hull was multiple inches thinner than what it was supposed to be, it should of been a diamond pattern for strength, and it was so old the airlines couldn't even use it....but hey, he got a good deal on it.   If he did all that, carbon could work, for sure...  but the constant compressing and expanding, it will begin too get micro fractures even though it allows flex, so how many dives could you do before replacing the whole hull? What money would you save in the long run vs a 1 time titanium hull? I get not wanting to spend that much on Ti, because the hull can't be welded using halves or sections, that means it needs to he made from one solid piece of Ti, so 70% or more of the titanium block isn't used.. but if you're going to change it, do it correctly, listen to experts, and test it from safety, or atleast don't include customers who arent told the actual risks, and who's trusting that you took the correct steps, did all the testing required, and it's as safe as it can be.    He also descended at nearly double the usual rate of a dive down to the titanic, why would he try that, what do you gain by taking that unneeded risk for the dive record?
Oh sweet, man-made horrors fully within our comprehension and repeated disapproval
In hindsight, comparing a sub to an iphone was a bad idea. Ever dropped an uncased iphone?
Absolute madness that they clearly consulted multiple lawyers but seemingly not a single engineer
This is insane. Literally insane.  You have a handful of people who put themselves in an incredibly dangerous situation, being fully capable of making rational decisions.  They played Russian roulette ... and lost.  That was their choice. How could anyone with a functioning brain imagine that anyone but themselves bears responsibility for their own stupid decisions?  But it's not even that. it's not like some random person bought a product off the shelf in a store, where there is a real expectation that that product not blow up in their face.  With the exception of one person, all of the dead were billionaires or subject matter experts. They were fully capable of analyzing the situation, NOTWITHSTANDING what the company might have told them, and forming their own risk assessment. They have no claims on anyone else. The sole exception is the kid, and he can sue his family ... except he's dead.
But will Junior be able to get laid now? That’s the important question of the day.
I honestly dont care about these rich idiots being killed by their hubris and disregard for regulations, they evade taxes and skirt regulations on a regular basis, thats how they get rich, so this is pure Karma for them to die due to evading the same regulations they loathe. The unfortunate reality is that there are millions of dollars in resources being used to first search for them and now investigate Oceangate while we have real tragedies like immigrant vessels sinking at sea with hundreds of ppl dying and no one gives a damn about them, only the rich idiots who knew what they were doing was dangerous........
Wouldn't this be the exact same as getting into a car with a drunk driver? They knew the risks before getting in and had more than ample time to not go on. Especially when it takes 10 days to even get to the titanic location before submersing.
Signing that waiver after reading and understanding it makes me think of people that are stupid, suffering from mental health issues, or both! 😱 Even if they feel that they maybe can check off their bucket list or do something others can’t afford, they should be smart enough to not gamble with their life.   A tragedy in so many ways and sadly people had to die before the laws maybe are changed to protect people. And then we have people like Alex J. claiming that nobody died, but he’s a tragedy with a pathetic track record of spreading conspiracy theories - while earning a lot of money.
We need to protect OceanGate and hire PMCs to deliver more millionaires to them for disposal.
The name of their company is amazing. It literally IS Ocean Gate!!
I mean to me it would seem there are probably ironclad disclaimers that this sub could kill you? I'm on the side of who has the most money will probably win..... I could be wrong but.... The moon could also fall out of the sky because.... reasons....
Oh my god, he had a console controller with multiple wifi and Bluetooth connections?! What the hell… I don’t even trust Bluetooth when I’m playing on my Xbox, I always use a wired connection when I play online shooters or fighting games so I don’t get input lag or unexpected disconnections. Geez imagine this guy cares less about his life than I do about losing in mortal kombat because of input lag… wow
Dang, the CEO def isn't gonna come out of this unscathed.
That "donation" loophole NEEDS to be closed. If the ONLY way to get access to a product/service is a donation of a certain size and there is no equivalent or alternative product/service readily available then that is not a donation. That is a purchase.
Eat the rich.
It's very sad what happened on the Titan sub but for the sake of Justice and the law I hope this lawsuit gets thrown out. They signed waivers and they accepted the risks. I know it's sad for the families but the victim's understood the risks and accepted responsibility for anything that could have happened.
I'm genuinely baffled at how this company was allowed to even set out on voyages in the first place
I guess it takes a lawyer. Thank you for being the only one to address the legal questions around who has jurisdiction. Every other channel that has addressed this disaster, as far as I have seen, has either completely ignored jurisdiction, or automatically assigned jurisdiction to the U.S.
The "video game controller" was the safest, most tested device on that sub.
There’s no proof they were in that vessel other than the public being told they were. So not only will they get a payout from life insurance policies but they can potentially sue for even more money? I believe they’re still alive and this is fraud.
The use of Carbon Fiber was about the dumbest idea that Rush could have made. Only the glue provided its strength.
I a movie is made of this unfortunate event one day, I really hope they use Steve Carell to play the CEO.
Might as well make the waiver a crying don't tread on me snake with the text "no sue plz."  The point of suing isn't that the rich families need more money, the point is if Oceangate successful weasel out of this because of a waiver (that was probably lied about - nobody reads those), that means any company can skip regulations if they do the same thing and use this as their defense, and they won't be exclusively targeting rich people.  Always be suspicious of people who want deregulation, because what they actually want is to be able to endanger lives with impunity. Safety regulations are time consuming and expensive, and libertarians cannot stand being told what to do, even if what they're being told is "don't kill people." Lives don't matter, only convenience.
Isn't the guy that's mostly responsible also dead?
Yeah, but where's the money?  Does oceangate have any assets post disaster?  Is there an insurance policy that would give coverage for something like this?
Objection: I watched that real engineering video. He was talking about the acoustic detector being aimed at the carbon fiber, not the acrylic
Imagine being so full of yourself you take physics as "a personal insult"  This guy got what was coming to him
Just mind boggling. I admire people who can talk about this in full sentences. I just can’t get my head around it.
The sub was not up2 any kind of code they should b charged in criminal court its manslaughter at a minimum
Honestly they might have a case due to the see through dome not being rated for those depths.
Couldn't they have just sent the submarine to a similar depth just to test its limits before they put an actual person in there?
i really like how shiny that tie is. can you tell me where you got it? i know its a dumb comment. but if you have the time to reply that would be great. I hope you have a wonderful day! :)
Wonder if the Subnautica devs can sue Oceangate for copyright infringement for making their dumb sub look like the cyclops from the game.
They were asking for death the moment they started putting together that tin can. Also, only 4 people wanted to take the risk. The poor teenager aboard was only there to please his arrogant father.
Waivers don't work? Someone ping 3DBotMaker. 3D and 2D won't be happy. 👀
A bit of a different question about liability.  Could YouTube be found liable for promoting or advertising something that is a blatant scam? I’m constantly surprised by ads that appear obvious and blatantly false, without any attempt of vetting the ads  before they are aired/promoted.  (It does seem like YouTube accepts ads (and possibly payment for these), and then waits for feedback to find out whether the ads are problematic?   Are YouTube (and other such platforms) liable for ads they promote?
"Innovators" always seem to forget that a critical part of independent testing and review is the INDEPENDENT part of independent testing. You NEED to have somebody willing and able to tell you that you are an idiot in the position that is telling you whether you are an idiot.
It was struck by LIGHTNING? Dude, I think GOD was warning them not to do this...
Narcissism is a helluva drug
People paid HOW MUCH MONEY to get in this thing?!
Wanted to commend you on your pronunciation of newfoundland! I love hearing people's varying interpretations but yours was pretty good!
knowingly diving to 3800 metres when the window is only rated at 1200 and lying about design partnerships with nasa and boeing could overturn the waivers?
Happily, the group that designed the sub was one of the most diverse ever assembled.
OceanGate? More like _OceanGrave_
When in doubt, the only Clause i agree with is Santa.
I think I saw a Scary Interesting video about that dive, it sounds very familiar.
Squissssshhhhh
Once you hear a crackle under that pressure, the strength of the material was exceeded, and its only able to hold less after that, so one little crack sound can be heard directly before complete failure
“And that’s really just the tip of the iceberg.” Well played, Sir. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Is there any significant amount of money in the company?
The second I saw this wanna be sub I knew it was bad another thing that’s sad is I bet their checks cleared before they took the trip. My guess is they felt safe with 2 very experienced people being on there.
Always handy to have 'Gate' in your company name, so you have a good name ready for when things go wrong.
There a scene in the movie the abyss of a submersible imploding cause the plexiglass cracked
Confidence and certainty come from one of two places: Extensive knowledge and testing.... or total ignorance and arrogance.
I just recently learned about the collapse of the Captains Quarters (the location of the bathtub) on the Titanic.... IRONICALLY from an Ocean Gate video... with their whimsical and shoddy practices I WONDER if it was one of their many dives that could have accelerated this collapse when everything around it is still "standing" 🤔
Well, this is what happens when a company puts profit before quality and safety. Horrible, hope they go under.
That CEO didn't give a damn about the lives of the crew members and those passengers. He just wanted the money. I would call that willful gross negligence on his part which should make the waiver signed by the passengers and crew members null and void. He lied about how safe that submersible was just like the White Star Line lied about how safe the actual titanic was before that ship sank. It's more than obvious that this company cut corners which placed the lives of the crew and passengers in unnecessary danger. I hope that the Judicial system of the bahamas holds that CEO accountable. If human law fails to do that, Karma definitely won't.
I am sorry the dude died, but he was an idiot. I am not a trained engineer and even I know carbon fiber is strong in tension and far less so in compression. More over there is no way in hell I would trust epoxy alone to join dissimilar materials, especially when one of the materials is going to have much more flex than the other leading to the epoxy being even further stressed. These two things are absolutely awful design choices. My guess is the epoxy failed in a pin hole leak which would essentially have been a water jet at that pressure and cut its way down the seam and into the carbon fiber leading to an implosion.   The controller was less of an issue for me, though it should have been wired.
That sponsor segue was morbid.
no the waiver is worth nothing and in addition the sub was not certified or built to industry standards
What is most tragic and makes me most angry is that this insane man felt empowered to make confident claims to clients. We need stricter regulation.
Ocean Gate is finished.
I still don’t understand how they did not have an emergency procedure in place ready to go for when disaster struck. Like there should’ve been emergency numbers on speed dial and a plan of action that could be initiated at a moments notice. My friend even said they should’ve had a tow rope or something that the submersible could be pulled up with. I don’t know if the physics of deep sea dives would allow for that but there should’ve been something in place. They literally had nothing planned for if there was an emergency.
If this did go to trial I wouldn’t be allowed on the jury. If another company built the exact same vehicle with no changes to make it safer. People would be stupid enough to get in it, there would be multiple trips with everyone surviving. It would eventually fail and you could repost this video with a few minor edits. They did something risky and expensive, probably couldn’t afford a trip on spacex rocket. I’m not giving their family members any money.
That quote about the window is the stupidest reassurance ever. If you're two miles down and hear it crackling, it is a countdown to disaster. And you are two hours away from safety.
Just want to say thank you for properly pronouncing Newfoundland. It's been a huge sticking point for us Canadians during all the coverage of this event.
Hey, smart people... People that despair over money. OceanGate's CEO is, was, rich and obviously stupid man. You can definitely be rich too. Don't give up!
I can not say I wasnbt waiting for this one...
In his rush to avoid legal liability it turns out Stockton rushed to his death, hope it was worth it.
A prime example of parting fools from their lives.
To be fair, if you bastardize spending in education enough, the defects of the Titan sub may not seem negligent to you and a populous that does not understand physics at the high school level.
Okay this is the first in depth look I’ve had at this because honestly boo Hoo dumb rich people, but is that really the craft? It’s like what a bachelor pad would be, an empty room with no furniture except for the video game console, tv and RGB lights illuminating nothing.   It looks more sketchy than going to space in a hot air balloon.
As a wise man once said:  Pressure Pushing down on me, pressing down on you No one asked for
I mean the CEO legit said that safety got in the way of innovation so like he knew
Stupid analogy I’ve heard about why carbon fiber is terrible under pressure (outside pressure like the titan had to endure):   imagine you have 10 trained rock climbers. They stand on a circle and hold each other’s hands as tight as they can. Now a bunch of sumo wrestlers push from the inside of the circle, and try to break free. The rock climbers ability to hold tight helps to keep the sumos inside the circle.  Now we move the sumo wrestlers outside the circle, and make them try to push inwards. Suddenly the rock climbers’ strength doesn’t help that much anymore, and it’s only a matter of time until one of them falls over, and pulls all the other rock climbers down with them…  Engineers will probably laugh about the analogy, because it’s so oversimplified. But I’ve seen videos, and read blog posts by engineers explaining that using carbon fiber for titan was a bad idea (especially the way they employed it), because it is strong under tension, but relatively weak under pressure… If those engineers exist now, I am sure Rush had been told about the weaknesses in his designs. Even if no one told him, that just means he did not hire the right people.  So gross negligence seems to be a given in this case, and they can use their waver as toilet paper, in order to make it at least a little useful.
Look, a billionaire is dead, can we all just be happy about that and enjoy it for a while?
"...by law of the Bahamas." Man, wonder why OceanGate couldn't operate in the States or Europe? Pretty sure that they could give them the go ahead.
You should have also discussed fraud.  Rush and Oceangate appear to have lied or otherwise made numerous misrepresentations as to the design and safety testing of the Titan that amounted to fraud.
My question is, how can you be a 501c3 when profit is part of your mission statement?
Another -gate for a growing list of scandals.
So do we call this oceangate-gate?
The second I saw this wanna be sub I knew it was bad another thing that’s sad is I bet their checks cleared before they took the trip. My guess is they felt safe with 2 very experienced people being on there.
Fk that they signed their life away.
As they should like it sad the guy died in it so no one could yell at him and tell him to his face how bad an idea it was
PADI  ==  Put Another Dollar In. Nearly as bad as Scientology in terms of their aggressive money chasing.
Lol, I find this entire situation hilarious. Proof that getting rich doesn’t inherently mean you’re smarter than the average person. The Simpsons writer went on this trip THREE times?! He is definitely part of the problem. And I love how everyone is coming out now saying how they knew the craft was dangerous, yet the most any of them did was write an email. 😂
Something people aren't realizing is that it's not just 5 people who fell for the grift, OceanGate has multiple vessels and been doing this for years. Many people have gone in OceanGate vessels to different depths across many trips. The fact it took this long and the deaths of 5 people to cast light on the industry is sad. Especially since the trips have cost more and more to get a seat on, yet the vessels seemed to become cheaper and cheaper.
The long story short is if you're trying to stick it to the man, make sure you have the stick first.
The fact they shut down their social media accounts is kinda wild. I guess they just couldn’t handle the pressure.
Looks like Oceangate may be deep sixed.
Just realized you kind of sound like Brandon Herrera
For those who don’t know who Lockridge gave the information to it was OSHA….. and Oceangate fired him for reporting them to OSHA. Aka a retaliation firing, which lockridge won in a out of court settlement
I mean rush died because of arrogance but it do still feel like an injustice. By the way when you guys accept a terms of service its long because they make it airtight for lawsuits.
All you hear is its unsafe, its unsafe, its unsafe. Yet every trip was full and not by people getting free tickets, but paying some of the highest cost to get on the trip.
I thought that the company itself was licensed out of Washington. How does the Bahamas come into this?
How would this apply to like a private manned Mars mission where it's highly likely the crew won't return? Is the mission itself gross negligence? Or, is it possible to design a mission that is reasonably safe?
I really think this is gross negligence. He ignored all safety regulations concerning the sub. Ocean gate deserved to be sued.
Calling the industry "obscenely safe" is just incredible.
Good!!!!!
Just sign this weaver that you understand this is a complete death trap 😅
It baffles me to this day. This submersible wasn’t fit to dive to the bottom of a toilet bowl, let alone 2.5mi.
So that one guy was in the sub when it lost communication but returned for 3 more trips afterwards just for it to happen again each time? Is he insane?
There is zero chance that Oceangate survives the fallout of this.
Basically reckless moron convinces rich idiots who love russian roulette to go check if the titanic is still sunk
CEO joined this trip so he would not have to deal with this fallout.
"And that's just the tip of the iceberg."  😂😂😂
After so many missions having failed by the time 5 came around his PRIDE came first!!
It does say that they can decline to participate "at any time", I'm sure at some point they no longer wanted to participate when things started going bad.
Just because someone signs a waiver accepting responsibility in case of death does not mean you are free from liability. Lets say that I have this car. I say that this car is not certified. Someone buys it. I did not tell the buyer that I have been warned multiple times that this car might in the near future explode if you drive it.  And guess what? After the third person drives it, it explodes. I am liable because I withhold pertinent information. The information is that the car will explode.
Ocengate operated in international waters to dodge the US regulations on submarines, but they forgot about international maritime laws.
from one point of view, the cracking windows could add some extra suspense. there are so many films out there, where there are people in a submarine with a window (or, because hollywood) in space and with a cracking window. a sudden implosion would just end the film right then and there. but a cracking window with just enough time that the person watching the cracks forming understands that this will fail pretty soon, that's drama.  so, probably a design choice? it won't fail without you, the passenger, noticing that it fails.
I like the ad at the end "he died because of his lack of math and science but you don't have to!"
Interesting harmonic there: Captain Smith thought the Titanic was unsinkable; and Stockton Rush claimed the Titan was unsinkable. Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
I don't know what worse.. the sub itself and the utter disregard that it's creator has; or the fact that people were actually willing to get on board of it. There would be absolutely no way in hell I'd even had considered getting on it.
I hope oceangate wins
The terms of the waiver seem like a prima facie admission of unseaworthiness, but it also seems like that could work in the company's favor.
I still hate to say it, and understand I have a background in Electrical engineering, aviation and submersible systems, but that game controller was perhaps the only thing on that accident that was up to some form of code.
Man. Imagine working for this company, and your boss dies, and then you have to deal with the lawsuits.
With all the problems that kept them from getting to the titanic it seemed like gods will that this symbol of mans hubris shouldn’t meet the other symbol of mans hubris
Bringing an outside entity up to speed... is anathema to rapid innovation, yes. And rapid innovation without appropriate evaluation and testing leads to failures in oversight, something the aircraft industry has learned throughout time. Like when MD innovated their cargo door to go inwards vs outwards causing a decompression risk that caused death. Or when new materials were not tested properly and failed. Or when MCAS was deployed without appropriate testing and crashed multiple airframes.
Three tons.  An American ton is 2,000 lbs.  Though if we use a British tonne thats 2,200 so if you count that it's closer to three than two.
What stands out for me is the sheer pig-headed stubbornness of continuing to assert (and believe, after all it was his own neck too) that something was safe when well informed people were raising reasonable concerns. I can't imagine ever having such iron clad confidence that you wouldn't think "ok hang on, have I missed something here?"...
Why does he have  a TOY phone?   drives me crazy
Wait hold up, is there unironically a mention that you might not have access to the “Acts of God” in their waiver? 😂
Went scuba diving with a club and when I read the waiver it explicitly exempted itself from death or injury from any action either negligent or _deliberate!_   I didn’t dive with the group that day. The waiver was so badly written that no lawyer could have have seen it.   I doubt that it could have been enforced or that they would try to _deliberately kill_ anyone, but that level of amateurish document doesn’t inspire confidence in anything else.
If someone told me that their company worked with NASA, Boeing and UW I would tend to believe them more about the technology and safety. The company deliberately lied.
For the safety of the rest of mankind, that company needs to be sued into nothing, and hopefully the remaining executives see jail or fines. The amount of times Bluetooth connectivity fails me when using speakers, earbuds and other devices is in the thousands. Imagine placing you life on a Bluetooth connection? Suicide. To take other with you knowing this, negligent homicide.
Titanic’s builders never claimed she was unsinkable. Most large new ships were advertised as “practically unsinkable” in the trade publications, no one actually took it for face value. Titanic was operated in full compliance of then-current maritime regulations, no matter how flawed they were at the time. In reality the Titan implosion has very little in common with Titanic’s sinking.
Good! I hope the company is sued to oblivion.
This video waves away the fact that all the passengers were billionaires and if they do want to carry a vendetta, it will be very hard for anyone associated with the sub to have a life or a career.  Just look at how Peter Thiel destroyed Gawker and every writer in the gawker team. These are people with F U money.
The Mike Reiss statement is somewhat undercut by his willingness to go back two more times. These people's survival instincts have just been fried, haven't they?
This would be like using duck tape on a rocket ship and traveling in space.
This accident was the result of the arrogance and hubris of a single man, the same arrogance and hubris that led to the sinking of this great ship. There is only one person I would be willing to visit the Titanic and that is James Cameron because knows what he's doing. How this company was able to do this for so long without an accident is baffling.
exception to the exception - incexception
He literally said McGyver.  😅 MacGyver can make anything work for anything...  For a single use.   Damn, rich people are not inherently smarter.
The more I learn about the Titan, the more rediculous it becomes. I already knew that everyone was telling this idiot that his sub was a deathtrap. Now, he "Macguyvered" the sub from substandard parts? We're getting deeper and deeper into Darwin Awards here.
a couple of decades ago - the saying was private planes was god's way of telling you that you have too much money, - now we have spaceships and submarines.
What I can't wrap my head around is that there were two relatively intelligent billionaires that didn't do any due diligence. They were drawn in by a charismatic Conman. And it cost them their lives.   The very minute when someone would have told me about all the structural engineers that warned oceangate about the carbon fiber Hull, I would not have even entertained getting into that deathtrap.
There is a case to be argued that a plastic shell controlled by a game console was not suitable for a deep dive down to the ocean floor.   Given all that is known about the cavalier attitude of the Oceangate CEO and the reservations of the various experts, it would be a travesty of justice were the company found not culpable in the deaths of the passengers, notwithstanding that they signed the waiver.   I will also just say that most of your arguments come from American law.    As you said at the beginning, Bahamian law follows English common law.
I wanna say that this whole fiasco should serve as a cautionary tale that you don't cheap out when lives are at stake, especially when hundreds of experts are telling you that what you're doing is unsafe and is definitely going to kill people but frankly, i feel like that's a caution that should have needed to be told.
Too bad they spent more effort on the liability waiver then the safety of the sub.
I feel the ppl that think a "death waiver" will save them and the ppl who think the subway footlong class action was legit.
This is just like all the bodies that liter Mt. Everest, you chase stupidity, you leave the remnants of it behind.
People keep focusing on the game controller, but for the wrong reason.  A game controller can be a very versatile and useful interface....the problem was it was wireless.  That's just begging for trouble, either from weak/dead batteries or the signal not being received correctly.  I mean, over all that's one of the most minor sins of this thing, but figured I'd drop my two cents
I was waiting for this. We’ve all had to become experts in carbon fiber, I guess, but that doesn’t do much for anyone in terms of legal issues that OceanGate and the victims of this sub implosion are now facing.
07:08 It's "had gone", not "had went". Good video but bad grammar.
Nominations for the 2023 Darwin Award are now closed.🤪
"This is to previous submarines what the iphone is to the blackberry." It's one thing to streamline and simplify everyday tools that you can use in day to day activities, but to simplify a vessel that takes you into dangerous places where one slip up can cost you your life is both negligent and stupid. Deep sea diving is just as dangerous as going into outer space. Human Life is not sustainable in those places, so every precaution and fail safe possible should be taken to guarantee some degree of safety, and a video game controller and touch screen are not nearly enough.  And the Hubris that Rush displays in his interviews and communications are really disgusting. I get the feeling he thought that if he had enough money, anything can be as easy as a walk in the park, but clearly he found out the hard way that deep sea diving is no joke.
Are you saying submerciful?
Utter stupidity and hugely irresponsible. Scofflaws actually. English I assume?
Safety regulations??? We don't need no stinking regulations = Reoublicans
What is it with rich people pompous hubris getting people killed I swear
Excellent content. I said right from the beginning that this company and Stock Rush's estate will be sued out of existence. A waiver does not absolve a party from all responsibility if negligence can be proven. Just the way it works.
“Please don’t let this be an ad lead-in... “ 😂
Lol, libertarians always finding out why regulations exist. They dont exist on the ocean, but it takes a special sort to say, nahh, all the way people do things are antiquated.
Any sort of claim OceanGate might have in their defense would need to show they even actually tried to be safe, and oh lord, they do not appear to have tried.
I never liked Stockton. I never liked his MO or his attitude.
I hope everyone involved in this endeavor is sued out of legal existence. ANY of them - at least, the people who were definitely in the know -  could have blown the whistle and warned the passengers. But... but... MONEY.
The fact that the passengers are referred to as "mission specialists" is clearly an intentional move to limit liability.  Rush (or at least his legal team) was aware of the laws they were breaking, and were actively attempting to "cover all the bases". This is manslaughter disguised as gross negligence.
You did forget to mention that rush himself is now dead. He was driving.   I don't applaud the death of any human being, but at least he's no longer working in the industry...
Mission specialists, right and that’s not bullsh*t it’s a taurus coprolite. Those lawsuits are going to crush OceanGate like something easily crushed by tremendous pressure.
Ocean Gate committed the one true crime in America: it killed rich people. Of course it's going to be torn to shreds, as an example for others who dare to expose the rich to danger.
Also good luck collecting anything if you sue in your country.
You should have a waiver for the annoying sound effect of the blue highlighter throughout this video.
Everybody told him that he had built his own coffin and he wouldn’t listen. Arrogance kills.
Hey, it imploded before they could have possibly gotten to the Titanic. They have to refund the families! This is an outrage!
Wait, that thing got struck by lightning back in 2019? Wow, even God didn't want Stockton Rush taking people down into the ocean in that thing.
IIRC, OceanGate needed more cash to keep operating, which is why Stockton Rush personally flew to Las Vegas to convince a client and his son, Jay Bloom and Sean, to take the trip after the pair opted out over safety concerns. He even dropped the price from $250K to $150K for them. But that he flew on an experimental plane he himself designed convinced the father and son not to take the trip. So if Rush was that desperate for funding, I'm guessing the families of their deceased clients not going to get much if any at all. OceanGate needs to be sunk financially and legally, but I feels some pity for those lost loved ones- except for Rush's family, given his practically suicidal recklessness.
I'm not an expert, but I'd assume this waiver will be more harm than good to the oceangate company in court
That video game controller part is so silly to bring up. Like that's pretty much industry standard. The navy gaming controllers, they're used in all sorts of machinery world wide, their used to drive trains world wide etc etc. I've seen them in tanks. Virginia class subs use them. All that is saying is they didn't find it necessary to reinvent the wheel when a huge, huge company already had spent millions doing so.
The sub was made by gluing titanium to carbon fiber, 2 materials that compress differently under pressure. The seals between them were going to crack eventually with the different compressions under strong pressure.
People called the titanic unsinkable because it was relatively over-engineered, I don’t think it’s a fair comparison.
Who could've seen something go wrong? The lawyers, actual engineers, not actual engineers, blind squirrels, protozoa as yet unknown to science, aliens on other planets, the North Sentinelese...
Please please US, make a law that forbids commercial trips with unregulated ships! Millionaires died, see? RICH PEOPLE DIED, how is this possible? In the US? Oh and call the law, “the Stockton Rush law”.
They were warned multiple times about the dangers of this sub, including by an employee they sued to silence.
OBJECTION! Phrasing Titanic's bulkhead design as flawed is arguably misleading, when by the construction standards of the day no ship could suffer damage that would open more than a third of their hull to the sea and stay afloat. The kind of glancing blow Titanic suffered was not anticipated, collisions being most likely viewed as a head-on collision or being struck from the side. The design was insufficient to contain the flooding from the damage, but for any ship of the time the damage was already catastrophic. As for the "virtually unsinkable" claim, this was less an assertion by White Star and more a claim made by others they saw no need to correct, so there is a degree of separation from that angle.
3:45 People that say “accusations like that really offend me” have definitely got something to hide.
C'est dingue le nombre de vidéos "putaclic" que cette histoire a généré !!! Entre ceux qui s'improvisent "ingénieur, scientifique", où qui font juste leur pub via cette histoire ... Alors c'est ça, le modèle où le rêve américain ?  Vraiment Pathétique ...
I remember learning about R vs Brown in UK law. Might not apply as thats regarding assault (E.G ABH/GBH), but the ruling was that you cannot absolve someone of assault by consenting to it
This is a valuable lesson of "Always read the fine print."
Say what you will about any of the other potential hazards, but the fluorescent glow stick and the fact that it was steered by an Xbox controller are par for the course with submersible vehicles. There's nothing weird or unsafe about that. These vehicles do tend to keep their lights off or dimmed to save energy until they reach their destination, and even the military uses Xbox controllers to steer advanced vehicles. They're designed that way with ease of use in mind. That being said, submersible vehicles usually contain echo location devices in order to navigate sans lighting, which the Titan did not. Also carbon fiber is perfectly acceptable to use in a submersible, it just requires extreme precision to ensure that the hull is perfectly round within a plus or minus 0.5% tolerance (I believe it is 0.5%, but  it may be less). From what I understand, OceanGate partnered with NASA to ensure that the hull was constructed properly.  Whether or not it was built correctly, or if the company was truly negligent is not for me to say, it's just annoying that the media keeps sensationalizing parts of the story that are entirely negligible to what happened in the end. They see an Xbox controller as a steering wheel and automatically assume that it's a 'janky thing to do', and then they run with it. People get upset about how easily rampant misinformation spreads on social media, but the media is just as bad about spreading misinformation these days.
This waiver will not hold. There was clear gross negligence and I believe in common law generally liability cannot be excluded for death.
I suppose it could be negligence that the submersible imploded diving to an unsafe depth due the carbon fiber shell. And victims were extremely wealthy which is a big one. Of course it's been 7 years since I flunked that law class and never looked back trying it out in college
I know you reacted to the ace attorney anime a while ago but you should really play the game!! I would love to hear your take on Pheonix literally stealing evidence from crime scenes lol.
In medicine we say "the patient cannot consent to malpractice." All the legit experts who knew what Rush was doing said he was bonkers and told him so. He's on record scorning their opinions. I'm not a lawyer, but I think the plaintiffs have a legitimate beef.
Wait some guy went down in it 3 times?! Willingly?!
“Real Engineering” is one of the best channels on YouTube
The topic of bargaining position, and essential and necessary services, it could be argued that the Titanic expert was at work, and by accepting the money from the organization that he worked for Stockton  Rush was taking responsibility for his safety
LMFAO
Legal Eagle, I have said it before and I will say it again. You are an inspiration for many young people seeking a career in the law profession. Society cannot function without a legal system. One beef I have that probably no one will agree with, but it makes me angry when some of these lawsuits get into the millions of dollars and can ruin a business and make the accident victim and the like, instant multi-millionaires and ditto for the lawyers. I think people should be reasonably recompensed, but nothing more. This is where I think the American legal system has gone off the tracks.
What absolutely baffles me is why this guy was cheaping out on safety when every trip brought in a million dollars. Like, I get that the profit margins were probably not big, but his clientele would almost certainly have still been prepared to pay even twice what he was charging! The obsession with cost-cutting makes absolutely no sense in a commercial endeavour where your customers have functionally unlimited money and you have no competition.
Really don't think Tort law would uphold  this claim of negligence,  English law is totally different to us, its based on protection of business and property,  not........
"This is to other submersibles what the iPhone was to the BlackBerry" -- like that time the latest iPhone came out and the first dude to unbox one dropped it and it shattered...
I like your legal breakdown vids.  However, just an FYI:  the term "majorly sued" is nonsensical.  There are no qualifications to the state of being sued.  That's like saying someone was "majorly in the hospital."
0:54 - Minor correction, Devin. Four were willing, one was dragged along by his father.
I'm a fan of budget items...until it comes to keep me alive stuff.
I genuinely don't think the passengers are to blame. Most people just blindly trust engineers. How many people would feel confident speculating that their airplane was unsafe? Looking at you, Boeing.
A problem with catering to the uber-wealthy elite is that the uber-wealthy elite have uber-wealthy elite lawyers to rip you to absolute shreds. I suspect that waiver will end up being incapable of withstanding the pressure applied to it.
Just because Rush categorize 250k as donation, that doesn't mean it's not passenger ticket... right? With that logic I can just say I give my clothes, shoes, books, desks, sofa as gifts to the person interested in them and they give me $15000 "as donation" to fund my new purchases therfore avoiding taxes? I don't think that's gonna stick in court...
Rush's entire schpiel about how innovation is hampered by regulations is such nonsense. The only "innovation" these bodies clamp the style on is his innovation. It's only innovation cause he says it is and he's Stockton Rush. Dude was so used to being the most important guy in the room that he thought even the laws of physics didn't apply to him.
To say that the post casualty value of the Titanic was zero in hindsight seems a little silly considering we have a tourism industry surrounding the Titanic.
What's a "submersivle"?
I'm intrigued by the wordplay in this whole disaster. The company is named Oceangate, and that reminds me of something....oh yeah: Watergate. They're visiting the Titanic wreck in a vessel named Titan that they didn't design with titanium and went full-speed ahead into a metaphorical iceberg.
Srry but any courtcase should be laughed out of court. Case closed.  Is the company a good company no. Should any all things have been checked, to be of certain standards yes. However, if a person signs a contract, and a waiver is such a thing, than the company can no longer be held liable in court for any of the consequences. That some people are that dumb, to sign a waiver, pay wagonloads of money, to sink to the bottom of the ocean, in a facsimile of a cardboard box, was their own choice. They actually signed up for that. It is like going to a supermarket, where the bag your groceries. Now you get to have 2 gallons of milk, and they put it in a paper bag. What do you do ??? In this case, the supermaket tells you to sign a waiver, that they can not be held responsible for what ever happens after it got put in the bag, and you sign it. Keep in mind that in this case the paper bag was soaking wet. If you are that stupid to sign the damn waiver, why do you want to sue the supermarket ??? Sorry, but the ffing principle is the same. Don't sign the waiver, and maybe buy another drink at another supermarket would have been my advice.
Do a video on Sarah Silvermans suit against meta and openai and all of the implications of a potential landmark case
Who pays for the search?  Are there legal ramifications for not announcing the implosion of the sub earlier? From what I've read, there was clear evidence that the sub was crushed within a day that it went missing (James Cameron mentioned the sound of the implosion was detected and shared in the community.) But Oceangate (can family of passengers?) pulled in the US and Canadian Coast Guard, Navy, and private companies to search with planes, ships, and subs. The Coast Guard can't seek reimbursement, but possibly the Navy can (not sure who ultimately paid for the private companies.) So assuming there is evidence of withholding information to create a wild goose chase (for purposes of insider trading, etc) is there legal recourse? Would showing intent be required or could negligence/stubbornness to accept the information be sufficient?
They should be sued out of existence.  Who needs this company?
The waiver is ironclad. Lawsuit is a waste of time and money.
The deceased assumed the risk if you ask me.
@4:20 He really just said "just the tip of the iceberg" with a straight face. Hahaha.
The company was headquartered in Everett, Washington. Can't they be sued in the state of Washington.
I was expecting this video, and was hoping for it. Thanks Devon!
Is “majorly” legal concept? OG being sued was a given from the instant it imploded. I suspect that there are few assets to be awarded, however, and given the level of the risk, no insurance.
Actually, it was only 4 people willing - the son went in place of his mother who had bad thoughts and backed out
well... he screwed with rich people. What do you expect?
"That is just the tip of the iceberg' 🙄
There's only person I pity here, and that's 19-year-old who went on the trip to please his father.
The divers died happy, without suffering, and everyone else is angry.
a handful of rich brats died of hubris... is this really the big tragedy worth talking about?
Under NO circumstances should this maniac have been allowed to let people board that absurd and dangerous Sinkable. He KNEW it was beyond dangerous and just plain did not care for the safety of his passengers.
Many engineers knew it would go wrong, as well. Unfortunately the CRO was also proud of making racial statements about who he was going to use to test his subs, and why.
0:48 i think more than 5 people, it wasn't their first attempt
When’s Budweiser going to create a submarine from a beer can to visit the Titanic & Titan?
I mean even if a lawsuit fails to go through I cant see OceanGate getting much business after this
I feel most sorry for the teenager on the sub, he was too young to die and had far too many milestones ahead of him.
Just when I thought this couldn't get worse. Lightning strike and he still uses it.
It needed a couple paragraphs explaining that compression strengths are critical in a deep diving. Carbon fiber is not much better than plastic in compassion and is N times weaker than steel in compression. And the sub will never be certified for the depts we will be going to because it is carbon fiber and the above reasons. I can write this with 1/1000th the knowledge of subs and carbon fiber they had, the reason the highly negative warning containing the most relevant facts was missing because they wouldn't get the money with it, and the guy thought they would get away with it, that chance of that was probably under 10%. Most dangerous sports like snowboarding, you started out slow, you know the risks, there is not a 90% chance you will dies, this would be like someone renting out wing suits to use in the canyon they own, saying its safe, maybe demonstrating the suit, and getting a waiver.
For me as a diver, this story highlights just how important regulations and certifications are. The ocean does not forgive us land-dwelling animals for the invasion of her space.
The more I hear about this Stockton Rush guy... The more I despise him. This buffoon had zero regard for anyone involved in this stupid endeavor, and I hope the company goes belly up.
That’s a nice tie.
i'm no lawyer but based on this guy's definition of gross negligence, it seems unlikely that's the case here. people did know the risks and the designer himself was in the vessel with the passengers. unless perhaps it can proven that he had a death wish or his intention was  to commit murder suicide.
There was a case regarding Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in which a man who suffered a broken neck from the black belt instructor received a $46 million dollar judgment. Although the participant signed a liability waiver, the Court found the instructor liable.
So, do these corporate entities think that they can pick and choose whochnlaws they have to obey just by opening a shell company in a different country, regardless of where they actually operate?
Some thorny legal bushes there to get  caught up in
Dont forget that the ones who died where rich. Chances are lawusits will be filed and will continue forcing the business to file bankruptcy
Just for the record, Titanic's design wasn't inherently flawed.  She was not a battle ship and was not expected to have torpedoes or mines fired at her.  The criteria for flooding survivability that she was designed to meet were being able to float with any two concurrent compartments flooded (which would cover the case where hull damage occurred at the point where two compartments met from being rammed from the side), any 3 of the first 5 compartments flooded, or all of the first 4 compartments flooded (which would cover the case where the Titanic was in a high-speed head-on collision and had her bows crushed).  This system was perfectly legal and considered more than sufficient to ensure the safety of the ship (and still would be, see below), and in fact the Olympic, Titanic's structurally nearly-identical sister ship, survived a collision that punctured 2 adjoining compartments without sinking.    The prolonged side-swipe at high-speed opening up 5 compartments (strictly speaking it was 6 compartments, but the pumps were able to stay ahead of the water entering boiler room 5 until the water in boiler room 6 started overflowing the bulkhead) was not a scenario that was considered as very likely, and with good reason, it rarely actually happens.  The only other occurrence I can think of that happening off the top of my head was Costa Concordia, where the ship was being handled in a grossly negligent way for no good reason and was being done purely to show off.    The rules governing the ability for a passenger ship to survive flooding are in fact still pretty similar to what they were for Titanic, namely a ship must be able to survive flooding of 2 concurrent compartments (The Costa Concordia collision opened at least 3 compartments to the sea).  It wasn't poor design that sank Titanic, it was poor seamanship.
Why? The CEO already died. isnt that enough punishment?
Action Park had more safety regulations than the submarine.
A bunch of arrogant rich people did something stupid and it cost them their lives. So whats the problem?
OMF-Iève flown in a helicopter forest fire fighting in BC several times-never a scary moment! Like a flying car at 10K ft and going 120 mph-no doors on the sides, but a very peaceful, calm and enjoyable ride-less scary than a small plane.
So, this is legal "bouncing off the signal" off multiple countries..  I don't know whether to be impressed or scared.
Millionaire running low on money decide to kill himself and friends/family with him so their families can sue company and make tons of millions in lawsuit thanks to dogshit law system. money laundering made easy mode
Welkom bij boos
What’s left of the company now the CEO is himself a casualty?
I spent 10 years designing, analyzing and testing composite overwrapped pressure vessels.  Some of my designs are orbiting Mars, Mercury and are in common use in various satellites. When I heard the details of this vessel I was absolutely stunned at the design choices Ocensgate made. I wouldn’t have taken a free ride on this death trap knowing how it was built. The flaws are glaringly obvious to anyone who has worked with composites.
Why can't the liability and laws applying to the people in the commons be based on the origin country of said person?
The waivers said it was experimental, but it wasn’t actually experimental. It was already PROVEN by engineers in the industry to NOT WORK. The reason others didn’t use carbon fiber and a cylindrical design wasn’t because they hadn’t thought of it or hadn’t tried it. They already knew metal and a spherical design were safer. So it’s not an experiment at that point, it’s just irresponsible. That’s a huge difference.
Regulation is writtn in 🩸.Questions????
Hi, it was four people and 19 year old son emotionally manipulated into going for father's day. Please be accurate because you're insult the 19 year old's intelligence.
Bottom line is that SR was an engineer. It can't be claimed he was ignorant of the failure modes and capabilities of carbon fiber composites. He knew WHY they are not used, no compressive strength, great for keeping pressure in. To keep pressure out it's just the epoxy bonding the cfc that takes the load. A thicker hull of pure epoxy would have been stronger and a uniform material that can be modeled and simulated which cfc cannot as it is not a homogenous material with the same strength in all directions like titanium, steel or acrylic the three most commonly used pressure vessel material in shallow or deep sea submersibles. An engineer knows this. Ignorance can't be claimed. That cfc is unsuited is blindingly obvious to an engineer, doesn't matter if it's an aerospace engineer. CFC is widely used in aerospace, so an aerospace engineer is ESPECIALLY familiar in the strengths (and weaknesses) of carbon composites or any composites  like glass composite that is widely used in surface vessels and light aircraft such as gliders.
The Real Engineering video Devon is citing seems utterly damning to me.  And the author has a direct expertise on just the kind of materials used and how they work or fail.  I suggest you watch "The Questionable Engineering of Oceangate" by Real Engineering.  Eagle made a fantastic pick here, but even listening to James Cameron is also enough.  Cameron, despite having fame as a director, has a real and deep expertise in deep sea engineering.    Believe me, RE is being way too kind in the title, but is rather blunt in the video.
well the living obvs didn't sign anything...
Just about time ! 😊
I'd say that refusing to inspect the submersible could be construed as gross negligence.
Why the obsession and repeated mention of the controller used to pilot the sub? That's just about the least objectionable thing they did! Controllers have billions of man-hours of testing and development to allow multiple inputs to be submitted precisely and ergonomically, as well as being rather (or even very) familiar to many people. Trying to design an alternative from scratch would certainly lead to a worse solution; the controller is one of the few things who's behaviour isn't affected by the high pressure or the confined environment, so there's no need to reinvent the wheel. As an example, controllers have been used to pilot military drones for years.  Just because some people associate consoles with childishness doesn't make game controllers bad at controlling vehicles.
hands up if youve ever been fired for gross negligence! ME ME ME when i workedas a carer
I honestly think that people focusing on the price of admission are not aware of all the information. It’s my understanding the support ship alone expenses exceeded $1 million which may ultimately translate to the adventure being that of a non-profit
I can't be the only one who heard you say "submersival" instead of "submersible"
Since comedy is tragedy plus time, and time is money, billionaires dying in a submarine is objectively funny
Well you say you knew how right he was there be several people actually knew how right because several people said let her say this carbon-fiber Halls never going to hold up
watergate? pizzagate? oceangate.
This is yet another instance of people considering "regulations" to be unnecessary and causing deaths. Regulations are in place as "Protections", whether against stupidity or general danger doesn't really matter and every time people cut corners to cut costs, they cause deaths or devastation. I feel bad for the kid getting pressured into going on the trip, and I hope the dipshits that let this happen are sued into destitution and their own early grave. It's the least they deserve for how maliciously negligent they were in ignoring the plethora of warnings and red flags.
Odd comment but good work on the pronunciation of Newfoundland (I grew up there)
So when you talk about unequal bargaining power...would that factor in the time and expense of all this? Like it's one thing to sign a "this might kill me" waiver when you're spontaneously spending a hundred bucks on vacation; it seems quite different when you're spending a quarter million and probably preparing months in advance. Seems like these people had the time and the means to get an attorney to review the waivers, to get the opinion of an engineer, to do whatever due dilligence they needed to do. I mean this wasn't like some middle class family going skydiving; they didn't get handed the waivers and told to sign right as they're piling into the sub, right??  Not saying OceanGate should be let off entirely, sounds like they were spreading a lot of misinformation...but when you're buying something that costs as much as a damn house you don't blindly trust the assurances of the person selling it, you get your own inspections done. If the passengers didn't do that, they were also extremely negligent IMO. If they did, but OceanGate actively worked to hide the truth from them, THEN I'd say they've got a legitimate case for fraud.  But "they said it was safe (while making everyone sign an agreement saying it wasn't); how could anyone have known!" seems like a pretty crap argument for something of this scale.
This was not about mere negligence, it was about ego and greed, this man was an elite and was short on money. So he conjured up this whole venture for unjustified profit. Leading to his and others demise.
I doubt that Oceangate has any assets worth suing for.  I suspect they will file Chapter 7.  Unless Oceangate is flush with assets, there is really nothing to gain financially.  Granted, you have billionaires whom can spend millions on legal fees in the hopes that this case will have a bearing on future expeditions in many industries.  And that would be a positive.  I have a question as a non-lawyer:  Can you sue a company that has filed Chapter 7?
5:26 ⚠ I would like to point out that real engineering makes his point specifically for the carbon fiber hull (as the graph clealry states), he did not mention the acrylic window at all in this example I believe.
You couldn't have paid me $250,000 to ride that thing down to the Titanic never mind getting me to pay.
The title of this video is a little misleading.
kinda ironic the TITAN wasn't made of TITANium
The CEO was constantly lying about the conditions of the "submarine". That right there should be enough to dismiss any waiver since they boarded the vessel under false pretenses.  The CEO is absolutely going to the worst circles in the underworld and I guarantee that the lawyers down there are going to have a lot of fun.
I wonder if the Stockton Rush Estate can be sued for wrongful deaths in a civil trial. OceanGate is/will go bankrupt. It will case to operate.
Well even if Oceangate is not guilty in court, they are still way guilty in public perception. Nobody's going to forget this even in 500 years.
add one more chapter to the big book of rich libertarian jackasses who refuse to understand why regulations exist and find out the hard way. would be nice if more people who thought they were smarter than experts did a tiny bit of history research before setting off to repeat history.
I'm no engineer, but I know you shouldn't trust unqualified "plumbers" who mis-use parts and say "good enough" when it comes to water.  Even above land, that stuff doesn't obey "probably fine" rules very well.  When you can drown in mere inches of the stuff, you better have everything up to spec and safety standards. My friends in construction are pretty casual about hard work and putting in long days, but they know they have the take the electrical and plumbing stuff very seriously.
Waiver or not-the porthole was rated for a mere 1,300 M-there are many wrecks below 1,300 M-no reason to go to the Titannic! The Empress of Ireland, lies in 130 ft of water off the coast of Rimouski, Quebec. Just as big a wreck and just a big as disaster. One third of one percent the depth and risk for what the submersible was actually rated for.
I get the notion of a jurisdictional dispute given all the countries involved yet that also seems to offer an advantage. Why not let all of them go after everyone involved (not the legal entity known as OceanGate, everyone). People make choices and follow orders and face consequences for doing so. Let the French, the English, the Pakistanis, Canadians, and Americans hunt down every person and every bit of cash value anywhere in the world.
As you can see in the title of the graph at 5:30, it is refering to the carbon fiber hull, and not to the window. Great video otherwise, just a small but important oversight.
Yes don't use MacGyver's name otherwise you might get a cease and desist MacGyver doesn't want anything to do with the Ocean Gate sub
"Majorly Sued".  Is that real legal terminology? Wow! What a legal brain you must have.
The fact that Rush himself was onboard leads me to believe that the guy was delusional rather than malevolent. Unfortunately, the passengers are just as dead.
There's a bigger problem with suing Oceangate.     The company may have no assets.    Their primary source of income is gone.    Even if they had a second submersible the business model of deep sea tourism using cheap submersibles is gone.     Most likely they took out bank loans and those banks will pick the company clean long before any victim lawsuits.    Even suing out of revenge isn't viable as the Stockton Rush died with the submersible.   So what point is there in suing?
Another welcome distraction from Jan 6.
$250k too little for the risk, this should have been a $1 mil ticket if the vehicle was legit...a 250k ticket would tell me this is on the cheap...
the pressure OceanGate is under must be unfathomable
No sympathy for any faken moron dying like this and causing trouble and danger for rescuers!!
You CAN’T have people sign these waivers on risk of death while telling them it’s “safer than crossing the street.” >.<
Your quote of Real Engineering was taken out of context. Real Engineering was talking about carbon fiber not plexiglass. His conclusion was that the carbon fiber hull was the issue and was not talking about the window.
It says a lot about Rush's character that when confronted with genuine worry by experts, his response was to be personally offended. If he had survived this dive, I 100% believe he would keep going until this happened anyway, no matter who it killed.
Personally, I feel that the person who should be sued the most was the one that went down with the sub.  He deserve to be put on the witness stand and then grilled about his design choices.
Can the passengers' life insurance refuse to pay out because they did such a risky thing
Clearly the skirted all regulation within the margins in order to not face the scrutiny they would have been subject to. They should now close all those loophose so we don't have any more "mavericks" going wild.
What about the cost of the search once the sub had dissappeared? is there a way the search and rescue folks could get their money from the company / estate? or are the tax dollars gone?
If I was on the Jury they'd get nothing. It was experimental. I'm not sure how hard that is to understand.  The rescue/recovery teams on the other hand? I give them what ever could be squeezed from OceanGate. ...which doesn't sound like much.
A company can’t sign away negligence or fraud. Rush lied about or embellished the engineering contributions or consultations with Univ of WA and NASA.
I’m not superstitious but the lightning striking that thing feels like a sign lol
You mean to tell me they signed their death warrant willingly. 😅😅😅
I don't think the waiver is a tell of anything. I sign a waiver that mentions possibility of death before each scuba dive. If anything they were at least honest with the clients so people on board understood the risks. That does not excuse the obvious gross negligence and stupidity of Stockton Rush though.
Mark my word this will happen next with the amatuer space travel !!
0:03 And any halfway competent engineer...
It might have been better if he did get his parts from Camping World. At least their tents keep the water out.
Twice the pride, double the fall.
If there were something more predictable than their subs are not super rugged IRL conditions, it would be OceanGate would be sued.
No way you're getting me onto a sub like that, a trip to the space station would be safer
“If I die, I will not sue”
OceanGateGate  Sometimes the lowest hanging fruit is the sweetest.
BEEN waiting on this one. Also, hope you guys didn't use any after effects plugins anyone else uses whatsoever at all at any point in history 😉  /s for those who it went over the heads of
This bozo has/had MAJOR Phil Dunphy vibes. Just listen to him talk.
Are you pronouncing it “submersivle”?
Sadly, only 5 rich people's corpses lie in the wreckage of the Titanic...
I guess the pressure of it all got to OceanGate in the end.
Never trust anyone with a Lego Haircut.
My guess is the families are looking to get to discovery to see if the company hid problems/incidents.
You could say they were feeling the pressure.
Lol it was struck by lightning. A sign maybe?
SR operated on a prayer. If his company has any assets, I would be surprised. Any insurance covering the company will be weasled out of by small print. Pity.
From what I know the 19 year old wasn't forced. He was incredibly anxious about going but he wanted to be with his father on fathers day doing something that his father loved.
This whole clusterfuck is going to make a platoon of attorneys very, very wealthy.
Real Lawyer Reacts, Miracle on 34th Street: 1994 version
Im glad there are no jokes in the comments. Sad enough that they lost their lives.
Given that safety concerns were raised as far back as 2018 and were ignored to the point of firing the engineer that raised the alarm, I don't think the waiver is worth much. A waiver says that a company or facility did everything they could to make sure things are as safe as possible while acknowledging that injury or death might still happen. Oceangate cut corners wherever they could because of Stockton Rush's hubris and ego. Oceangate is finished no matter what. It doesn't bring anyone back but at least nobody else will end up suffering the same fate.
When it comes to the Deep Sea, there is no such thing as "Too Safe". Some people just don't understand how many things can go wrong when you dive that deep...
Sounds like the proverbial pedestrian was wearing a blindfold and earplugs, and their shoelaces were tied together. And the speed limit was 75 mph (close enough to the round number 120 km/h). And they weren't crossing at the crosswalk, but between two hills.
@20:45 the Titanic incident, though seen as a design flaw, was not one made aware of to White Star, so the got away with not knowing that the Titanic had a huge flaw that could sink the vessel. OceanGate is different in that they were made aware of their vessel's flaws ahead of time and they chose to neglect those concerns.
The water rushed in through the loophole
5:29 Misquoted video, he's talking about the carbon fibers hull and not the acrylic window (which had its own problems). Also, talking about both your firm and a Brillant sponsorship is really annoying. One is tolerable, not two...
Does the fact that the designer and CEO was on board help overcome gross negligence?
I didn’t know majorly was an actual word until this video. Keep up the good work
0:55 "They now joined the exclusive club they were so fascinated with". Does that refer to their death? If so, not great comment.
That lightning strike on the Titan submersible was God's way of telling you "This is a mistake. Do not do this. You are going to die, you foolish mortals". If only they had listened. Oh wait Stockton didn't. Now he's answering to God
You wore a blue shirt in The Wired video. Wanted to point that out😂
everything is so shady
22:20 I'm curious about this term, "Mission Specialist" as Virgin Galaxy's first commercial space flight has passengers with the same designation. Now wondering if this too was more of a legal/waiver thing than an aeronautical thing? 🤔
Submercivil
I heard a bit about the Linnea Mills case. That should have resulted in criminal charges against the instructors, as well. They knowingly hid Mills' dive computer from police, and, lied to investigators to cover their asses.
9:18 so there no need for you to visit the titanic and those people could’ve chosen to go with the other subs
Also, when you have a glorified water heater powered by a fan and controlled with a game controller, of course something like this was going to happen, death and lawsuits
I hoped and knew this would happen
History doesn't repeat itself, but it sure does rhyme
Don’t forget to add today’s money value of old cases.
"Your free trial of being alive has expired." "What?" * Sub crumples in a microsecond *
Great, the people in the submersible signed something.  The family didn't. sign shit.
Love from a Vaush and CoffeeZilla Fan!
This doesn't get enough attention, but originally the wife/mom was supposed to go instead of the son. The son was terrified, but begged his mom not to go and when the whole 'we already paid so much money' came up he volunteered despite the terror he felt. He knew deep down it was more likely something bad was going to happen. He saved his mother's life.
It seems that the foundation for legitimating waiving liability needs to be an ACCURATE communication of the risk.  If nothing else, they failed in that.
So, I recently looked up Oceangate and everything about them is gone. They took down all their YouTube videos and their Instagram page. I hate when people do that who are at a controversy
That waiver would have convinced me not to go near that death tic tac
Just cause he made people sign a waiver doesn't mean Ocean Gate isn't responsible. It just means the people understood that the sub was basically a garbage can.
Too bad that Stockton Rush is one of the people that died because he's the one that should really be held accountable. But he got what was coming to him.
If you have a billion dollars why would you cheap out on a $250k sub instead of buying your own ?  I dont get it
All parties involved were idiots who got what all fools deserve.
Of course, it is getting sued. A bunch of rich people died. Someone's head is going to be on a platter.
This goes beyond gross negligence into the realm of criminal negligence. Ocean Gate employees and the vendors who supplied parts of the pressure vessel should also be held responsible. They all should have known better.
I’m shocked. Shocked! Well, not that shocked.
0:48 The crew of the Titan are gonna need some ointment for that sick burn
Because the ceo also died, i wouldnt say it was intentional negligence and they really believed it was safe to use.
I keep saying i feel bad for 4 of them. Wish the idiot had only taken himself out with his penis shaped billionaire adventure mobile (looking at you, Bezos)
This has to be gross negligence.  They ignored industry established engineering norms to build their vessel. I also suspect they worked hard to get people to sign.
I love that Devon uses Brian as his expert witness for all things engineering
Just one question. How old is a "kid" nowadays? I thought if you can sign a waiver or any legally binding document, you must be an Adult 🤨
Things I don’t want to hear in the construction of a deep sea sub ‘Maguyvered’
Rush literally compared taking a trip to the titanic on the titan to being safer than walking across the street. He was a charismatic businessman who tricked innocent people without any engineering knowledge that the journey would be safe.
thats a nice tie, where did you buy it at?
Jeez lay off the guy. Isn't he under enough pressure?
Waivers usually say, “We have done everything humanly possible to keep you safe, but there is still risk.”   OceanGate clearly didn’t do everything possible, or anything really, basically negating the waiver. They didn’t hold up their end of the bargain. If this goes to court, the only use for the waiver will be if the judge wipes his butt with it.
Apparently watergate was already taken.
Sounds to me as if the only people who can sue are the heirs of the employee killed - had that employee not also been the CEO...
i think hubris is one of those things that only benefits lawyers.
the waiver reads like something you hear on the intercoms in the Portal series
OceanGate THE RIDE OF DEATH ! At the meeting, Lochridge discovered why he had been denied access to the viewport information from the Engineering department — the viewport at the forward of the submersible was only built to a certified pressure of 1,300 meters, 4,265.092 ft although OceanGate intended to take passengers down to depths of 4,000 meters,” 13,123.36 ft 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
I don't understand why people hate lawyers, if you have almost 3 million subscribers.
How do you sue a company that is most likely dissolved by the time this video gets views?
Jurisdiction is whatever flag the oceangate ship is flying and it location is irrelevant as the ship is considered part of the country's soil. By extension this also applies to the titan sub as it's part of the mothership.  There should be zero confusion when it comes to jurisdiction. Passenger nationality doesn't play any part of this. Lest the ship is registered in their own country.
dude can we please talk beared sculpting tips
If I ever worry that I haven't lived hard enough, invented or wrote hard enough... making those ripples that I never want to leave on others. I'll remember Stockton Rush.
Seriously, if you need to sign something and it mention jurisdiction of Bahamas, St. Vincent & Grenadines, or somewhere around there,  stop it. It's sus.
It baffles me the ridiculous concessions they made in the name of "saving costs" when they charged a quarter of a million dollars for each passenger.
4:22 I see what you did there 😆
The titanic didn't have a design flaw with the bulkheads....
Passing off the passengers as crew is total BS. Nargeolet? maybe. The others? No way in hell.
Billionaires who have been made richer through death. Every widow is now a billionaire.  But they blame everyone but their husbands who went looking for death!   How about we the tax payer sue these billionaires for wasting millions and putting our lives as rescuers at risk!
It's got to really suck to know that after you die, you're going to be the butt of jokes...
The CEO was one rather weird kind of safety negligent... the dude was the pilot. He knew the sub wasn't safe, he took legal safety precausions, and was aware he would die if something happened, and yet he still proceded to ignore any kind of safety suggestion, and put himself intoa death trap. Was he suicidal, or definition of a darwin award winner?
Lawyers are the rats of the earth. It wasn’t gross negligence. It was experimental and the people agreed to risks. Those families don’t deserve a penny. Now that you are filing a lawsuit suit, I don’t feel one bit bad for your lost loved ones
“the F710 doesn't work with the PS3, because the PS3 can't recognize the USB receiver.”  The term you should have used is “ PC controller” as that’s what it is and only way it can be used.
Some people call this a tragedy; I wonder if there's something wrong with me that I consider this whole fiasco peak comedy.
RIP lives lost in this senseless tragedy
The sub was meant for one dive ONLY!!! C’mon!!!!
I have this feeling that a reasonable person - who is required to sign a waiver for the simplest of physical activities in the US, (like going to a TRAMPOLINE PARK) might have looked at this waiver and said "yeah whatever, everyone has a waiver like this."
And as usual CEO will not suffer any legal consequences
Submariner here, with extensive experience in operation, maintenance, and repair of the same; including fibre-reenforced plastic (carbon, aramid, and glass).  *EVERY* time I take a look at this situation, I find some new, enraging, safety violation. The arrogant insanity is literally stunning.  My fury at Stockton Rush's grotesque stupidity is unrivaled.
I am on titanic help!!
the waver holds no water, much like the ali express sub itself 🤣
I'd be curious if any of the customers put that document in front of their attorneys and how that went
I love hearing everyone trip over the word "submersible."
I did the titanic musical at my school and I love that it dumps on the owner of white star lines for taking a lifeboat and pressuring the captain to go faster
I’m curious on your opinion on Netflix being sued by Egypt.
This whole thing just proves that money and/or fame do not necessarily translate to being smart. I'm sorry for the son who went because of his father and for the loss of life in general. It's hard to understand why someone with access to research and information on this sub-par vessel would have thought it was a good idea to take a deep dive on it.
It's very convenient when companies racked by scandal already end in -Gate.
The fact that they might be able to evade responsibility for such brazen negligence is utterly ridiculous, they had so, so many warnings the sub wasn't safe and yet they might wriggle free of the consequences
The fact that Titanic was labelled as unsinkable has no solid proof. There is no clear source of who would have said that, rather it most likely became an early myth. Papers posted it most likely without having a direct source back in the days, spreading a myth people started to believe. Then when it sank those words started spreading more and more and has today become famous.
As you’ve said, you can’t waive gross negligence. The CEO’s own words seem to be evidence of such negligence.
“Cyclic fatigue” is a little redundant, fatigue is an inherently cyclic phenomenon
What an ego from the ceo, is nauseating seeing him undermine and mock concerns, disregard safety standards and confront inspectors.
They deserve what they got If I get a massive amounts of bed sheets from Walmarts bed section then go and bungee jump using those sheets a cord that’s on me not Walmart  Those people knew the dangers and got on anyway
I guess in some way Rush is lucky to go down along his "submarine"
He sounds like Trump admitting to totally screwing the pooch!   And the lawsuits will follow as is customary.   No amount of paperwork can save this company.   It was negligence on a grand scale!!
Fluorescent light? They can't even afford a frickin flashlight????
Isn’t it as simple as waivers don’t cover negligence??
6000 pounds per square inch is equivalent to 2 tons? (5:06)  2 tons is 4000 pounds. That implies the window was the size of a quarter. Surely that's not correct.  I found a picture. It looks more like 10" or so in diameter. That's means the window had an area of about 78 square inches. 6000psi seems to be accurate, so that's 234 tons of pressure.
So basically Stockton Rush has doomed everyone in his company by his willful, *well-documented* resistance to safety, even when confronted by experts time after time, as well as those in his own team. He himself has been crushed into chum for literal bottom feeders, but now everyone he left behind has to pay for his hubris. And anyone who was intentionally supporting him in these efforts deserves to absorb that culpability for not standing up and saying “Stockton, if you get people killed, you’re going to doom us all up here.” But they didn’t.
"Carbon fiber is a great material. It's better than titanium."  Based on what? That's an insane claim.
I think Stockton Rush may have been in a Rush to get the submersible ready?
Stockton Rush was a cute fella. A Thicc boi even.
The issue of the waiver brings up another common question.  Does the fine print in the middle of the contract overrule the false statements of a zealous salesperson?  Here we have a written document saying 'experimental', 'uncertified' and other red flags, but a 'salesperson' saying "Safer than a helicopter..."  I know many times the court will go with the written words, but the 'sales pitch' can be challenged in court sometimes?
اللًٰه يرحمهم
I hope they win but I think it will be hard considering he was very up front with how the sub was built and technically the only lie he made was that it was safe, the thing is that even with a full investigation into this incident nobody can guarantee this was caused by negligence due to it being in the ocean that far down, yes I understand that really the only thing down there is water pressure but ocean gate could literally say that it was an unforseen even such as a whale touching the sub, I get how unlikely that is but it is still an argument that unfortunately ocean gate could use. Not only that but I feel as though the waver was pretty intense and all but the kid going with his dad really should have understood so there isn't much in here that the families could win from and I have a feeling they will spend a ton of money just to lose against oceangate.
Wow with all of this legal exposure the pressure must be unbearable
My main problem with this whole debacle is that Stockton was propping up the vessel as indestructible and super safe. Regardless of what the waivers said, the passengers were led to believe by the company that it was a very safe vessel when it was not. It was Stockton's lying and ego that got them on the vessel just as it was his ego and lack of concern for safety that got them killed in it.
it's not window cracking, it carbon fiber de-laminating...  Statement regarding window I think still holds the water...
I would like to make this plea as a person from the Caribbean. Can you guys please stop mistreating the Bahamas? Why is it whenever the US wants to find a loophole the first place they turn to is the Bahamas???
To cut costs 😂
The arrogance of this guy..  just critical mass levels, unrivaled by anyone else I’ve ever seen.  It’s like there’s arrogance, absurdly arrogant, stupid arrogant, insanely arrogant, and then this guy.
Since they were all adults, supposedly cognizant of the risks they were taking, my heart goes out mostly to the reputation of video game controllers. In terms of robustness, any better quality one would have been a better choice than the controllers people got sent to the moon with.
If you want to make a comparison between Titan and a decent deep submersible, look at James Cameron's Deepsea Challenger or Victor Vescovo's Limiting Factor.  Those guys know what it takes to make a deep sea submersible and not "f*** around and find out".  I hope Oceangate are dragged through the courts so hard that any other amateur operation decides to fill the gap thinks twice about it.
Look at those first shots of the interior. Look at the monitor mounts. Screws right into the pressure shell. Opps.
If those people had common sense they would have not got on that sub and you would never catch me doing something that stipid. Those people got what they had coming. Call me heartless but it is true and hope they get sued into oblivion for this! Hubris and Greed are going to be the downfall of humanity!
Maybe....maybe people might finally start reading T&Cs before signing their lives away but who knows.
The cyclops portion of the story is even better than that!  Do you know where they got the original design? A game called subnautica!! They used a sci fi video game design to make an irl sub.
I'm not sure I buy the testimony of people who said it was unsafe and then WENT ON IT TWO MORE TIMES. I think people underestimate the benefits of having a hot article or interview and the money that might sneak in to get one.
Hubris is generally disastrous and sometimes fatal.
Honestly I’m surprised the company isn’t already shut down, I mean they’re an already extremely niche service and any interest in the company or even recreational submarines in general has probably imploded and likely won’t fully recover for years.
Paul–Henri Nargeolet was the only realist out of the 5. He publicly said he would probably die at some point following his deep diving passion
OceanGate sounds like what you'd name an event related to a maritime scandal... I don't know but anything with gate in its name, seems fishy.
Ive been waiting for this one
If the waiver had included, "I understand that Oceangate has been warned multiple times in writing by industry experts that our vessel is unsafe and is putting passengers in peril." I'm thinking that nobody would have signed.
they neeeed to be held accountable. so freaking unsafe and they KNEW it
Stockton sure Rush'd it.
If I have to sign a document with so many references as to bodily harm and death, I'd be doing a 180 and just walk away casually.
Smartest thing Rush ever did was go down with the ship.
Can we also get our money back for the PPP loan that was forgiven for OceanGate and all the money spent on rescue attempts?
Wait, what is the alternative to downhill snowboarding?
I can't say I have much sympathy for the people who died. Except for the kid who was pressured into the trip by his dad. It was pretty obvious this "sub" was a death trap
It's wild to me that Stockton bragging and insisting to prospective passengers about how safe the vessel was doesn't immediately invalidate the waivers. "Oh yea this thing is safer than crossing the street, just sign this peice of paper acknowledging potential catastrophic death and we can get started, not that anything like that is actually going to happen i mean, can you imagine?"
"Oceangate could use the very same trick that White Star Line did when Titanic herself sank-" Immediately, I think of limitation, and not even a second later- "The Limitation Act of 1851." I HATE MARITIME LAW.
I just so don't care about this story in the slightest.  How in the hell is an idiotic, failed luxury sub trip still in the news after weeks?  Report it, sure, but ffs, this is absurd.
LAWYER'S REACTION:  Did anyone consult with the folks who went down with the ship, about what kinds of pressure, etc they where feeling down there...like one of those - SEANCE things?  I mean, without valid eyewitness research, how could the construction of this sub be complete, eh!!!  Making the Builders of the Sub liable for the deaths!!!😅😅😅
I bet this goes to the Bahamas, then who knows?
It's quite a magic trick the ocean did you know - smushing a submarine and turning 5 rich guys into pink toothpaste in a  fraction of a second. The sea life down there must have had quite a feast.
This whole thing is crazy. If they weren't rich we wouldn't care. They are rich and signed away their lives to do something inherently idiotic. Suck to be them but no one forced them to get in this thing. There was plenty of research they could have done to see how crappy the sub was.
so a few funny yet dark things that happen in the video game industry the infamous logic tech controller had increased sells after it was discovered to be used a horror game (a good one at that) called Iron Lung that has you pilot a sub increased in sales after the whole thing happen and a mod for a game called Barotrauma (another game thats in a sub) gives you the ocean gate sub (you have to use the logic tech controller how that works i don"t understand) so all and all the internet is something else huh
no matter what ocean gate ignored warnings. rush he put his ego before the safety of others. in these instances, the waivers should be cancelled out because of neglect that there was..
Did Rush never heard of wired controllers? If you needed someone to "Just push a button" then needed someone to do something anyway.
How can you read this waiver and still go 😅
the hubris - incredible.
You mean to tell me that the super cheaply made submarine made of low quality materials and DID NOT HAVE ANY COMMUNICATION OR LOCATION DEVICES failed when exposed to high pressures? Who could have possibly foreseen this!?
Simply putting up a sign that says "not responsible for broken windshields" doesn't necessarily make you not responsible.   Though in this case, it's a bit more serious that broken windshields.
As soon as i heard that two major parts were joined together with glue. I automaticly assumed that people who are responsible of OceanGate are penny pincher idiots. Hiring a boring old white man would have made a safer sub. lol
They've now joined the exllclusive club that yhey were so fascinated with💀
Glow sticks to save energy? After charging $250,000 per person and this guy couldn't be bothered to improve/buy a better sub? This is just messed up.
Well, lawyers will sue anyone for just about anything. So I saw this a mile ago.
Was he saying "submersivle" the whole video?
‼️‼️
Hey, where is the Real Engineer link?
⚖ Think the waiver will hold up? 💡Learn interactively with Brilliant!  https://legaleagle.link/brilliant
3:23  The more I learn about the Titanic, the more I learn that this is an insult to her designers.  Titanic's design was flawed, but met the safety standards of the time.  Lifeboats were not generally trusted, and Titanic was meant to stay afloat long enough for another vessel to come to her and her passengers' rescue.  Titanic even had more lifeboats than she legally needed to.  That design philosophy was shattered in the wake of its sinking, and Titanic's sister ship Olympic was later overhauled to be safer, but the point is there was an effort to make Titanic safe.  Not so much the Titan submersible, it seems.
0:26 This was a disaster long before anyone died!
Unfortunately, it was a glorified remote controlled toy (in its best case scenario) and there should never have been anybody reckless enough to put themselves or anyone else inside it outside a swimming pool environment. Any competent engineer would have known that implosion was an inevitability with the lack of proper stress tests, safety measures, and even using experimental fiber material as the shell instead of the already standardised titanium casing. Truly an unfortunate incident due to pride and negligence, and anyone who tried to call it out was fired or dismissed.  Edit: As radiowaves are unable to transit very far through water, it should've been tethered. That way they would have had clear, consistent and reliable communication with the surface, at the very least to have the ability to monitor sensor readings for technical adjustments,  the amount of balast, the direction their propellers are spinning, basically a sensor for every thing for the sake of redundancy and on site troubleshooting.   It truly is a a shame that people, regardless of their social status or wealth lost their lives.
Maybe getting sued will convince other submersible companies to have an international standard for its vehicles to be used. Like how the aviation industry does nowadays.
Hubris and arrogance. Now you have 5 dead people.
The company was named OceanGate.... other than a shoddy sub it feel like they were destined to get into a scandal.
Turns out that Davy Jones's Locker is full of...lawsuits.
I highly recommend the Behind The Bastards podcast episodes about Stockton Rush and OceanGate........  The man was an a**hole.
As they should.
With so many malfunctions how can Ocean gate possibly not be found culpable?
Watergate had Nixon collapse, Oceangate collapsed on itself... Maybe we should stop naming things after bodies of water with the suffix -gate.
Billionaires always hurt other people
Uploaded 6 minutes ago: "OceanGate Is Getting Sued" Seems like a cool video, I will watch that at some point *15 minutes later* Uploaded 21 minutes ago: "OceanGate Is Getting Majorly Sued" I will watch this immediately  Why am I like this?
The fact that it is very wealthy people going after them means they will lose, and probably lose EVERYTHING. I don't think being an LLC or whatever is going to help them
Although this was tragic, I can't stop thinking about an SNL MacGruber skit about this!
Have u been drinking today?
I swear Rush was mentally impaired, no matter who told him this would fail he ignored every warning and killed other people.
Sued? The director was criminally negligent! Avoiding certification! Lock him up, too many directors duck responsibility for their negligent behaviour! A liability wavier for those individuals does not excuse bad design for the vessel!
God, the real question is why nothing like this hasn't happened already
I think we all saw the lawsuit(s) coming. The only question is how many months before the company is completely out of business. They're done for.
Financial ruin is the least of this company's problems.
I can't believe society put so much effort into this story. I barely learned the overview. Not watching this one, sorry
Of course ocean  gate is getting sued.  They killed a billionaire and his son!
i think a lawsuit could potentially go both ways, i think the risks were pretty well laid out and frankly pretty obvious, but the negligence on the construction and just plain ignorance on the safety needs were unreasonably bad. The families should petition for international law that regulates these sort of submersibles to make sure it doesn’t happen again. I hope the families are doing okay, i think people forget that even though they were billionaires they are still people and their family’s will still grieve.
Actually, almost everyone who knows something about carbon fibre saw something going wrong with this sub. As for the rest of us, anytime you hear techbros ideology being applied to a physical object you should know for certain something is gonna go wrong, ya know... the "break stuff" part of the "move fast and break stuff".
I'm still astonished. How could you cut so many corners and not be worried to die?!? And let's not talk about how basically everything in the submarine Titan was nor tested nor certified.
The titan sub: everything happened that the experts said would happen. It’s too bad Oceangate didn’t remember the most important rule in court.  All rules and contracts are only as good as the lawyers who defend them
Ocean Gate-Gate. Ocean Gate ²
That waiver just sounds like rush was trying to save his ass
4:21 - Was that an intentional pun due to the Titantic?
Experimental submarine experimental vaccine.  What’s the difference? 😂
They need to be stopped or they will just continue, the level of arrogance to ignore so many safety concerns from other professionals is unreal.
Does this mean we have to call it "Oceangategate"?
_"Yes this is perfectly safe. Safer than flying. _*_Safer than crossing the stree-"_* _"Just sign here, here and here."_ I hope the worst for these lot. To those involved.
I knew this was coming.
CEO's and psychopathology, a common combination. 🤣
Okay, I tried looking on Indochino, but I can't find any ties with the pattern you have in this video. Where can I find ties with complex patterns like that? Edit: Autocorrect
been waiting for this vid
The lawsuit  ̶n̶o̶b̶o̶d̶y̶  everybody saw coming
I hate billionaires as much as the next guy but this type of behavior is completely unacceptable
The really negligent issue was the you know, known issues and defects with the submersible, the noises heard by previous "mission specialists" were litearlly sounds of he preassure vessel breaking.
he was so blase about the risks and should be going to jail
A blind man could've seen this lawsuit coming a mile away.
i just wonder how billionaires have all that money? theyre clearly not smart... look at all the stupid things they get up to.  thousands of feet below the surface, many many atmospheres of extra pressure, inside what amounted to a big pixie stick with a window. explain to me how someone that dumb gets that much money?!?
There should be absolutely no legal standing for this suit. The rich morons who got on the death sub knew exactly what Rush thought about safety and regulations and freely got on the death sub anyway.
Anyone with an IQ out of the double digits would know how dangerous diving to such depths in the ocean is. Unless you can prove that some KNOWN defect caused the accident and the owners, staff, maintenance knew about it. No, you should not be able to sue. They should have included a $500,000 life insurance policy for the duration of the dive as a requirement for participating.
Darwinism at work
I hope they didn't get any warning.
Well, it's official..."gone" as a past participle has went away for good... Sigh
This could have been clearly avoided, but Rush was neglecting safety. He himself had said if you want to be safe don’t leave your house. He didn’t care about safety.
And "that's just the tip of the iceberg."  😅  I see what you did even with the deadpan delivery. 😂
If I made a rocket to go to the moon with parts from my local Home Depot I'd think people would have sense enough not to follow me. But alas, here we are. The CEO lied a metric eff* ton.
Why contracts that have a risk of death on uncertified vehicle are even allowed?
I tried to explain to my dad that just because you signed a release doesn't guarantee it's enforceable. Sometimes companies have you sign a release that's unenforceable just so you don't try.  *edit*  10k+ likes, we did it mom, law school finally paid off!
The owner and those involved are dead…who is suing who and why?
Ocean gate submersible was a deathtrap
How ballsy is it to admit on the liability waiver that the vessel wasn’t even certified? Lmao Edit to add: My initial thought when I made this comment was that they put it in there hoping no one would notice. But instead they had omitted it originally and added it later when they got called out. I have a feeling this might work in the plantiffs’ favor though.
"this is to submersibles what the iPhone was to the blackberry" The iPhone didn't implode.
So if I draw up a liability waiver I can charge people to play Russian roulette?
is there a single person surprised that they're getting sued?
insert surprised pikachu face meme here:
I'm not surprised. But I am surprised that I'm not surprised.
Submarines are devices which are designed to keep people alive in very hostile conditions. If you are going down below 200 meters or so, one  more hostile to human life than the vacuum of space. You don't half-ass them.
The Titanic, huh? Hang on, I've got an extra shoelace around here somewhere...
Noting good ever happens when people ignore engineers.
"And they now join the exclusive club that they were so fascinated with". That's the most polite cynical comment you could make.
Aaaahhhhh highlighter effect everyone run!!!
3:30 Just imagine how insulted the dead people feel. I know that sounds like something Yogi Bera would say.
One could say that the sub was "sub-standard" but definitely not a standard sub.
Diversity hire at work.
i feel so bad for the kid
Now, they know what it's like to be - "Charlie Tuna"....
I think the lightning strike was  a message from god
Now, I try to not be a hateful person... but I genuinely hope these people are sued into the dirt. This kind of malicious stupidity must be punished.
The Titanic is a grave - it should be left ALONE
Good they should be sued😊
One of the passagers was just a kid. He was scared and didnt want to go. His father was gaslighting him and so he went. That father killed himself and his son.
*pretend to be shocked*
Juicy
They deserved it
What future do they have? CEO dead, asset destroyed, name ruined.
To nobody's suprise.
I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS CALLED "OCEANGATE" XD. THIS COMPANY WAS DESTINED TO GET SUED!
Guess they couldnt handle the pressure of the law!
Was waiting for this one, am totally here for it!
Can I write a contract and say that any dispute is to be adjudicated according to the laws of trump’s alternate universe?
Expected, but ultimately, I want waivers to be enforced; I read what they passengers signed.  In this case, I see people saying that Rush "knew it was unsafe", but, hey, he was onboard, so _he didn't believe it would kill him._
The glue keeping this sub from falling apart is about as reliable as my comical attachment to this story.
Who cares? It was only a few rich people that died. And they were doing an activity that 99.99999% of the world population will never do, and never be at risk from. ... Who cares?
Well, yeah.
OceanGate CEO: Sure the submarine was not in perfect condition & many people died. But I assure you that nothing can go wrong because of this incident. LegalEagle: Are you sure about that?
That's a big oof, Captain.
So they should be.
Sue who? stockton is a puddle of goop at the bottom of the ocean!!!  how are you going to sue a puddle of goop?!!!
There's a quote that I heard that says "Safety Regulations are written in blood." Well these guys proved it true.
This was so unexpected. I am shocked.
I think Oceangate will crack under the pressure
I feel sorry for the one kid who didn't want to go...
He reminds me of a grifter. A lunatic, narcissist and we know how that worked out. Rich people with a death wish. 👍
this was obviously bound to happen...
This should be interesting, I thought the guy whose fault it was was in the submarine; Is oceangate still a thing?
You can say they are in "deep trouble".....     I should take a break from Internet
Lol, why do legal controversies have -gate in the name? First Watergate, and now Oceangate 😂😂😂
Mmmmm
Last time I came this early I became a father
Off the shelf, EXPIRED materials nonetheless!
Yay a new Legal Eagle video, and it's good that OceanGate is being sued
The one time I can't argue about a scandal being inappropriately called (random thing)-gate.
LEGAL EAGLE EPISODE TO GET ME THROUGH MY BREAKUP!!! THANK-YOU DEVON <3 (love this channel, going to law school in 2024!)
I've been waiting for our favorite YouTube lawyer to tear apart this reckless company and their late, lamented idiot-founder.
Dam what do you expect anyways?
What a surprise...
Snape: Obviously
Huh. Well then.
Good. Third
i dont think im supposed to be here (yet)
meow
