Terri's screen time in this episode is best summed up by Zero Punctuation regarding the dogs from Call of Duty: Ghosts: 'All of which would have had more of an impact if the dog got to be in more than two levels before the game goes 'Right, hope you got your money's worth' and sends him to the timeout kennel forever'. Terri deserved better.
The letter Leif wrote to Andrias tells me that they were more than just friends I think they loved each other Andrias blushes and looked away during Leifs dance, the secret messages to each other, Andrias the frist to rush to Leif after she fell to her hands and knees after the vission, the worried look on his face, Leif crying into Andrias, Andrias the one that took her betrayl the hardest and his blushing tears in his eyes and scraming her name when she left, and Leif dubbing her self as "your Leif" and her calling him my derest Andrias and saying I wish my love will reach you. Also in the painting Andrias and Leif are looking at eachother and there is a art that Matt Braly did Andrias Berral and Leif are back together and they are on his sholders and Andrias and Leif are looking at eachother.  There was and still is something more than just friendship between Andrias and Leif.
This episode is what going to the cinema in the 1980s was like. All under one hour.
8:25 EDELGARD
all in was grate but it dose not top true colers
I'm in love with Marcy She is the smartest sweetest strongest funniest and HOTTEST girl ever
Don't know who Marcy's supposed to be, but Sasha's outfit in the core-fantasy is totally Edelgard from FE:Three Houses.
Anne = link cosplay  Marcy = elven Lord of the rings vibe Sasha = barbarian d&d costume
Honestly if I'm being honest Darcy is one of my favorite characters Or my favorite villain character of all time Honestly I need someone to like make a plushy or a figurine or something so I can just put it all around my room and have a shirt That says i ❤ Darcy  And honestly some of funniest parts that I love of Darcy's character is just how she or he or whatever More specifically they Scream at Andreas like that 1 episode where she says shut up Andreas that made me crack up I feel like Darcy just secretly absolutely hates AndreasThere were some scenes in amphibia that you can see it So I can agree that Darcy sometimes gives off a creepy effect dolphin could be a fact especially when she said on mostly the 1st almost appearance on screen where she says we search Macy's memories that kind of gave me chills As this thing searched Macy's memories that kind of grieved me, like imagine that happening to you
Zelda Zelda Zelda Zelda
9:40 is so true I thought that every time I saw that scene
am i the only one who notcied that andrius armor suit looks like jean luc from the owl house??
This was honestly one of (if not) the best episodes of Amphibia. I wish it didn’t end, and I wish Darcy got more screen time.  Anyways my favorite part was Darcy vs Sasha and Grime
Did anyone else think that when Ann and Andris punched each other in the fist it looked like the ultimate fist bump
anyone feels like Anne is andrias, Sasha is leif and Marcy is barrel
It was my life but if I can be honest got to pick her some just a bit but this is a good thing it was something amazing and I know everyone who I thank you for making video
The things I’ve done the pain I’ve caused there’s no going back
True colors better
8:59 Ka-Chow
THE PRINCIPAL VOICES CHILI PEPPER COOKIE OH MY GOD I JUST FOUND THAT OUT
8:25 it's based on Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses. That's her in her Adrestean Emperor attire
I just realised something you know and principal Miss Murphy we call my teacher that what a coincidence
I want to quickly point out that Leif, Barrel and Andrias all have the same Colored skin as the calamity Trios powers Barrel bring green Andrias being blue and Leif bring a pinkish red
This channel is awesome already, but using Sonic music in the background is the cherry on top!
11:50  the head of the suit looks like a Diplocauplus head
Cool animated fights
Maybe the reason why the 3 girls blood is they gem colours is I noticed during the temple episodes them eyes glowed and it went down and must have made the girls blood green blue and pink
Did anyone knew that the collectors dress has a pattern the same as 13:27 just look at it
but seriously she really did do good job
That one piece reference caught me off guard
Ok lightning McQueen is probably how all the big robots and floating stations were defeated remember the superhero fantasy he had fighting robot things looking like those 3 legged battle droids and maybe he called mater Finn mcmissile and holly shiftwell to help so lightning McQueen is the mvp
Fake Anne’s hair is her beta designs hair.  Also the girls expelling the night is probably a reference to the fans name for the core.
Yay I got emotional damage from True Colors
Sasha’s core outfit thing in Marcy’s tsukeomi is based off of edelgaurd from fire emblem the three houses, post time skip of course
8:30   Anne: Link from legend of Zelda breath of the wild Sasha: Edelgard from Fire emblem 3 houses Marcy: I'm thinking a Lord of the rings character. Possibly legolas.
Marcy's outfit is a different link outfit
Sasha looks a lot like Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
the crypto coin that you shown was the same patterns on King's color
Three people and 10000 robot trying to move the moon -the collecter moves it with one finger
Tbh the hardest thing is so sad sadder
What if andrias was always a cyborg / robot idk if this will make sense but if he was a normal newt in the past then like idk he would have something about his mom like a picture, etc. because they never show anything about his mom. what if he never had a mom and his dad made him.
I got one question  Did king Andrus fother wear a caywob if he was fighting   Ann ?
I don’t feel like it  the end
Wait what if Andreas just made a robot of himself sounds too far don’t know
marcies outfit is based on the elf boy in the episode all in at the end in the movie sasha is probably from anime
Good music for the video.
I’m glad someone mentioned the Millennium puzzle reference
at 8:26 i think sasha's outfit is  edelgard's outfit in the time skip
Sasha's rpg outfit looks a bit like pyra tho ngl
Marcy outfit must be from lord of the rings or the hobbit
Honestly, however much I hated Andrias, after this episode I just wanted to give him a hug
I made that my wallpaper the grime Sasha Darcy fight
Time to murder
I actually met the voice actor for Jasper at a superhero convention and she is very nice
i think the flashback robot was actully the far larger version if you think about it
"Buy Crypto Suckers!"-Bill
Saw that one come out on this
My emotional rollercoaster flew off the tracks when I realized I couldn’t watch the last 6 episodes on Disney+
the suit is a refrance to the owl house
*PRIMARY CALAMITY LOTUS*
i like your use of the word genjutsu in the beginning
An emotional rollercoaster for the ages but not for all ages
My favorite part of this episode is when the moon is falling because it reminds me of legend of Zelda majora‘s mask
All in and the hardest thing just made me have all the emotions in my body, even a secret emotion lol
Anne outfit is from Zelda
Fantasy annes fit is 100% nased onbotw link fit
havent seen it because disney wont add the last episodes
I live in Saint James
But the hardest things was so hard for me to watch
All three girl like Sasha and soon king andrius
Im pretty sure Marcy’s outfit is supposed to be an easter egg to world of war craft
I CANNOT SEE IT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
👌❤️❤️
Grime now is in the “one arm” gang
at 10:36 we se a pacman ps: love your video
The robot looks like those thing king can tell what to do from the owl house
There was a yavalta colored thing
That image of the axylotle made me instantly go to thinking that bill from gravity falls was talking to a god from their world
Nice vid man
Darcy was the imposter                    Yep
King andrias armer looks like the monster that protected king
But the episode left me in tears
3:32 is no one going to point out that’s the symbol on king from the owl house that’s the symbol on his collar
the orange shield is actually a A-t field reference from the '90s show evangelion
12:47 likely because of the healing pod. The blood that she probably would have received in the pod could have been green.
Emd is sadder than your mc dog dieing
It was just me it was so good the ending I farted the first time I cried this one is to my heart 😭❤️👍
I can’t believe andrias was a robot
When dr. Jan showed up those two guys are the guys who were like no Jerry I will not clown face you
and then the hardest thing topped it like it was nothing
The core should have transferred back into the shadow fish
5:54 i could kill so many scout and spy
bruh artillery?
fun fact: the sticker on Frobo 2.0's hand looks exactly like the shooting star on Mabel's sweater
his voice
Anyone notice earthbound in front of the school before the entrance
how did you watch this??
9:40 yes
I also got spinel energy
Did u notice the johnny bravo hair gel on top of the toilet paper in the teachers home?
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS EARTH BOUND REFRENCE???? Look at the kids in the right center of the screen 3:16
Does anyone think that Amphibia should be a video game like Dragon ball z kakarot. It goes through the whole story but those mini boss robits should be evil frobos hmmmm think about it
It is the millennium puzzle
fanisly
Oh my goodness!!!😮😮
(=
I think Sasha's "fake RPG world"' costume is actually a reference to Edelgard, one of the main house lords of FE Three Houses! Still got no clue what Marcy's one references, tho
Wait wait wait....ANDRES SUIT IS LIKE JEAN - LUC IN THE OWL HOUSE (sorry if i spelled andres wrong since i dont know how to spell it :'D)
Poor barrel he did nothing he was so innocent
the blood moon gives me ocarina of time vibes
BRUH NO ONE IS SAYING MARCY AND SASHA'S CLOTHING REFFRENCES
Newts...aren't...lizards, they're amphibians
what you said here 17:44/19:16 turning into a cyborg to make sure was the invasion could happen  saved the memories of his friendship with Lief and Barrel and if he died that circle would have ended on a bad note and how is that good thing because that would have saved Anne Sasha and Marcy and their friends so much trouble and things would have been peaceful in Amphibia
when Sasha and Anne forgave Marcy why didn't they admit their mistakes of being terrible friends and not listening to her hobbies and not taking her too seriously or even listening to her?
4:00/19:16 Sasha knows its not her fault Andreas would have still got the box no matter what she almost prevented his plan until Anne both it up and they should have had all of Amphibia find out Anne is responsible for their misery and they kick Anne but for that or try to execute her which Sasha and the planters prevent can't believe they never put that in the show.   4:00/ 19:16 gave me ideas for a Titanic Story that i am writing.
Polly upgrading frobo is hella goofy. yeah they had a full military armory for her to use to upgrade, like at least be somewhat realistic like the rest show has been. they just basically say yeah she just did it no problem cause she smart. like no that's not how things work at all
one episode I wish you put on in Season 2 or even in season 3 when they open the portal up again I wish Anne and the Planters along with Marcy and maybe even Sahsa to go to a Parallel World of Ampibia and meet their double gangers and see that Marcy would up in Wartwood and Anne would up in Newtopia they could get  intell by seeing  Andreas Double ganger is also evil but they assume its just a difference like with Anne and Marcy swiping places in this other world and in this other world Sprig and Polly's parents are alive.
Now that the series end.. we need a Polly show 😐
The suit looks like the stone beings from kings castle in Owl House
These transitions are so cursed haha
oh shit x has a hubby!
kimbrrly brooks hell yeah
i wanna get into kpop more, this shit's good!
i'm gonna miss this show so much! I gotta go back and watch all the Videos on it one day! (also yeah the hardest thing was better!)
I cried in the last 3 episodes lol just thought I’d share
5:07 the sad part is, things won't go back to the "normal" sprig is used to
Yea its an emotional rollercoaster if yer an 6-8 year old girl.
All blood is technically blue🟦 not Red🟥
8:30 I think Sasha is supposed to be 'Edelgard' from "Fire Emblem Three Houses" a game since I have this game I recognized it easily.
You think this was emotional ? *Throw The Hardest thing in your face*
Imagine if King Adris crown kept him alive him breaking it would have also killed him
Anyone got a powerpuff girls vibe especially with the girls shooting out the pink , green and blue beams?
Have you noticed when it comes to finales where characters are grown this snd Arthur we never hear if they have kids now only exception is My Little Pony where Pinkie Pie has a son  named Lil Cheese
I can see a dalek in there on the top shelf
Tbh the hardest thing was better that all in...
the hardest thing tops  easily
the hardest thing topped it
Whats the bg music
This finale was a big bang
8:32 Sasha is edleguard form fire emblem three houses
Anne’s fantasy outfit reminds me off post time skip Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
The fact that Marcy solved 300 puzzles is just insane
As for as I can guess Marcy's outfit is a nod to either Legolas or that one Hobbit from the first Lord of Rings movie. I'm leaning more towards Legolas...
Just imagine that king Andrus fother was a cyborg just like king Andrus  and being defended
but really cool 😄
i didn’t expect to see yu-gi-oh reference
Is no one going to talk about how Andreas mechasuit looks almost identical to the creatures that guarded King in The Owl House.
I really want to see a reprise of “it’s no big deal” in the finale. Also andrias being a cyborg was foreshadowed in true colors and the episode prior. His shield coming out as well as he creaked when landing.  I called the military being involved with an attempt to shoot down the castle
Marcy seems like a hobbit from LOTR
I kinda hope Marcy keeps the armor
Anne's Blue power is STOLEN from the Saiyans
When I rewatched the scene in this when they are partying in the hall at the beginning I realized that the lights are only pink and green and no blue lights
JESUS WILL COME SPREAD THE WORD PLEASE
I don’t think Marcy having green blood is tied to her connect to the stones because 1: Marcy was stabbed through the back and out the chest damaging her heart affecting her blood flow and green blood could be a way the newts fixed her 2: Sasha was slashed in the face by Anne and had regular blood before she had her calamity powers drained
2:36 That snake guy looks like the main villain of Star vs the forces of evil
" da nana nana nana nana nanaaa~" ("IlumANaTI~") 4:18
Idk if anyone noticed this for the promo but if you look at the shot from space of Amphibia, you can see the 3 calamity colors above Newtonian from the angle. Which does confirm Anne, Sasha, and Marcy are gonna all go in calamity mode.
Marcy’s outfit in the fantasy is supposed to be a reference to Legolas, saw it on Twitter by one of the artist’s of Amphibia.
dang i wish he didint open his mecha that was a sweet mecha
Sasha’s outfit was a reference to edelgard fire emblem three houses
Marcy looks like Zelda
I said that that looks like the incredibles too .
This episode had some sonic movie 2 vibes.
Andreos in the mech looks like the creature that protected king.
Black peg?
That scythe could also be a reference to Maka Albarn's Genie Hunter scythe. Shape fits and the eye motif is there.
Sasha is ment to have sheka masks on her shouldes fitting the zelda theme
Kimberly!! I swear she’s grown to be one of my favorite VAs.  Oh the fact that Marcy was in a room doing puzzles this whole time is such a mood. I would’ve done the same. The detail of fantasy Sasha and Anne’s eyes looking dead was good. It really showed how surface level imitations they were. Like they were soulless. Leif’s letter and Andrias’ breakdown made me cry. I wasn’t expecting to be in tears so many times for this episode.
Endless possibilities?
You miss something in the our house when you see hunter's room you can see maybe I stopped email of Twitter Sprint and a character is from big city greens
Mr X is Ru pal from Ru pals drag race
wen marcy is set free form the core why does she somehow appear in here newtopia outfit?
IT'S Edelgard FROM FIRE EMBLEM THREE HOUSES!
Is It just me or Darcy's defeat was a little underwelming and...cheap?I mean, I know that this is a cartoon for kids (for the most part at least) but...a wire behind her neck?Really?And I get it, the Core was still trying to absorb Marcy's personality and all but that for me was a little cheap.Great episode though, I Hope they give a satisfieing finale
is it just me or does the head of Andrias mech looks like the creature from the episode where we get king flashback episodes from the owl house?
Hey have you guys ever noticed that on the first episode when it and is fighting that monster when she first arrives in the other world her eyes glow blue! Like nobody's talking about this turn on the first episode when she's fighting that big thing with sprig and the rest of the town is terrified her eyes glow blue you have to go back to the first episode. I just find it weird that nobody is talking about this. It was a really good hint to her powers if earlier on. Have you ever noticed this?
I also didn’t know about Blackpink before watching this episode
I just have this to say. If the final episode "The Hardest Thing" doesn't have Sprig and Anne saying "Spranne against the world" as they're saying goodbye, I'm going to scream.  Also In terms of sympathetic villains, Andrias knocks it out of the park, we know why he's bitter, we know why he did the things he did, and he truly regrets doing them. Take notes, Miraculous Ladybug writers.
We got grime's sacrifice and king anndrias sacrifice is there gonna be a hop pop sacrifice?;
BATTLE SCENE! FAVORITE PARTS WERE THE BATTLE SCENES!!!!! Lowkey amazing.
I've watched every episode yet I'm still waiting here for more episodes on Disney. WHERE IN THE STATES DO I HAVE TO GO?????             *Intense cRyInG*
Sasha's outfit is a nod to Edlegard's Armor and Attire in the second half of Fire Emblem Three Houses. The horns in the hair are a dead giveaway
While I was watching and you mentioned how we aren't defined by our past but by our present, I was wondering if you thought the same about Obito. Glad you mentioned it.
Why’s amphibia get away with losing an arm a child “dying” bunch of cuts but owl house can’t have a lesbian relationship?
Is it a coincidence that the opening of the cockpit to let Anne land the finishing/killing blow coincide with the whole 'open your heart to others' bit?   I Think not!
If you really want a good estimate of Anne's power in terms of scaling, she is a lot closer to the power output of a nuclear bomb. I the episode "Annestirminator" she punches the original cloakbot into outer space and in the process, she creates a huge hole in the clouds. To do that she would need to output nuclear bomb levels of energy/ power. Clouds may look soft and fluffy but in reality, they are really heavy and require a ton of force to move. So, Anne is way beyond building level in power.
Marcy's costume might be a plain reference to how she became apart of the Newtonian guard as she states she role-played like a typical artificer rouge
Amphibia To me is another example of how Disney puts more effort, thought, and care into their animated works than their live action works. They’re probably the only major film studio to do so right now. Even with their weaker films on the past few years like frozen 2 or raya still had leagues more effort than their live action remakes. Their shows especially prove this given how good something like the owl house is over that alien babysitter show. I’m biased towards animation and while I still want them to make good live action stuff to I can’t help but be pleased they’re mostly giving their animated content the time and quality assurance they deserve(and hopefully lightyear will bring Pixar back to theaters for good).
Fake Sasha's outfit is Ellegard from fire emblem three houses post timeskip
Andrias's mech actually looks similar to Jean-Luc from The Owl House
3:18 bro is that ness and his friends?
Bro imagine getting lectured by jasper
9:17 I think that olvias pose is a nod to star wars princess leia (i think}
3:16 Earthbound Reference!!! Ness, Paula, Jeff, and Poo!!!
nice to know im not the only one who got pure spinel vibes when darcy pulled out the scythe. srsly i was just thinking of spinel during that
Leave it to Aldrich being the evil manipulator to put Marcy in her version of MabelLand but good lord I did not need to see him with the Core's Eyes that's nightmare fuel I got chills!
Why does Darcy swinging that that scythe remind me of me spinel
The robot looks like king’s “from owl house” protecter  the one at his “castle”
Weak villain, weaker hero.  We need a return of real heros and villains.  We need heros who spit in the face of danger, respond to insults and criticism with violence, the kind of hero who doesn't stop and do stupid things like try to talk things out, letting their weapon do the talking, and who don't cry like a baby because of a little bit of psychological trauma.  We need villains who are evil because they choose to be, and who genuinely enjoy the suffering they inflict on others, and who don't have a sad backstory, or a redemption arc. Villains who deal out death with a gleeful terrible grin on their face, as they enslave entire nations, and laugh as heros breath their final breaths.
The "Will they fight, or embrace the fall?" also makes more sense, since the moon is falling and all
Wow that dude is a robot. Would have never guessed. Guess I get to see it from a random thumbnail in my YouTube suggestions. :,)
The Andrias mech suit looks like the monster from Echos Of The Past (toh)
This guy sounds like Soos from Gravity Falls!
I know Salamanders can regenerate so maybe. Andrias could regenerate his severed limbs back.
I think the Fake Sasha outfit was based off of Future version of Edlegard from Fire Emblem Three Houses.
I also learned that the “H” is silent in Aldrich
I honestly thought the creaking was just Andrias’s armor.
I wonder if all the kings became cyborgs or was it just Andreas. If just him was it a punishment that he couldn't join the core until he conquered earth or did he do it so he wouldn't become part of the core
Sasha is edelgard from FE3H
marcys world looks like genshin impact
Marcy is disguise as the lord of the ring elf and sash from a perso in fire emblem
I,m glad this is almost over
Ok but is anyone going to mention the fact that the head of the robot looks likes one of the weird rock in the owl house episode of kings past
I really hope andrias doesn’t die. He was my favorite character in a amphibia the second he showed up
lets hope Marcy's parents have not moved and that her running away from home has prevented her father from getting that new job if not let's hope they change their minds or let Marcy stay with Anne and Sasha?  and let this be a lesson to Sasha and Anne to be better friends than they were I am surprised they did not apologize for not taking her too seriously what is wrong with you Matt Braly.    and its been several months you think by running away from home Marcy prevented her parents from moving away.
I saw the Earthbound group at the middle school. I loved that one!
Sasha's outfit is based off Edelgard, and Anne is base off breath of the wild Link
Hawt dam a Yugioh reference!
The always me andries was a robot bc when I heard he lived around 1k year bc that impossible so he must have been a robot
wait cant amphibians regrow limbs
Sasha look like edelgard from fire emblem three houses. I am preety sure just by the horn, color skeem and dress.
The way Dracy was fighting the scythe reminded me of maka and soul from soul eaters
3:24 MOON JUJITZU!!!!!11!!!ONE!!11111!!
Does that mean Sasha’s blood is red
Man. i'm gonna miss the SHIT outta this show!
Will the moon and the core thing be a season 4
this is just a me thing and not related to the video, but a have a theory that Marcy's last name wu is a reference to the song "Doctor Wu" which is about the uneasy relationship between a patient and a doctor, where people would put their faith in doctors, yet they abuse their power and become dangerous, which fits Marcy a bit as she put her trust in certain people only for them to take advantage of her for their own gain.
I think Darcy should've said "Connection terminated..." in a dying computerized voice
Anyone notice while everyone was teleporting back andrias left in the back?
Marce’s costume looks redu the healer’s clothes
That you gi oh symbol if u flip it upside down it looks like Bill Cipher
This was easily THE best episode of Amphibia I’ve seen so far (having come in around “The First Temple” and gone back to watch season one during the hiatus). I really enjoyed the fluid animation of the fight scenes and the K-Pop motivation for Anne was hilariously fun. I also loved the ending to Marcy’s arc with the rejection of her fantasy. I’m looking forward to the finale and I will definitely miss Amphibia. It’s been a wild ride and I will be in it to the end.
*EMOTIONAL BREAKDOWN*
Here’s something that I just noticed and this might mean nothing but I just noticed this: I think I agree with you that andrias barrel and leif are like the trio but the opposite and if you look at leif barrel and andrias their skin is the exact same color as Marcy Anne’s and Sasha’s powers.
did you know that the invasion happened at the beginning of 2020, more reasons to love 2020  (;
you sound like Soos from Gravity Falls 0//0
Anyone notice that earthbound reference?!
As a K-pop stan my self, the fact that Sasha Anne and Marcy are K-pop stans means so much to me for no reason
Sasha is dressed as a edoldard from Fire Emblem three houses
Yo 45 on trending get it VG markis
I KNEW I COULDNT BE THE ONLY ONE WHO THOUGHT OF SPINEL
I think Darcy is king and his father in control
Did you notice the animation error where Sasha and grime were about to take on Darcy. Darcy takes off her cape but then in the middle of the fight she has it on still but then she has it off again
The head of andreases Robot looks like that creature in the owl house in kings home
When marce popped out of andrious’ pocket he looked like lemon head from adventure time.
I dont really get the end of the episode  did  andrias  die?
sasha is edelgard from fire emblem inspires which tbh, hits like a glove
8:59 kachaw
i have a big feelling that someone from the trio is going to die
The suit Andreas wears reminds me of Jean-luc in Owl House (the weird robot things in the island King was born in), I wonder if it was a nod to Owl House, given they’re airing at the same time and are both amazing Disney shows
I saw two missed references Next to the millennium puzzle (Yu-Gi-Oh) is the lament configuration (puzzle box of pinheads from hellraiser)  The one I missed was the one in the schoolhouse right before poly comes jumping out with frobo 2.0.  You look hard enough in the junk and scrap of the room you will see a garbage can with a plunger attached to it which is obviously a reference to the daleks from doctor who. A classic.
Sasha’s outfit is definitely edelgard from fire emblem three houses. Idk bout marcy tho
The only good part of the show was Andrius, smh
i don't want to be mean but it just baffles me how you were able to not know of blackpink for so long while also being on the internet for this long💀 i guess when something really isn't you're interest it doesn't find a way,but yeah get into them!
8:30 no clue what Marcy's outfit is a reference too, but Sasha is supposedly a fire emblem character.
im probably wrong but i think the reason marcys blood is green might have something to do with the rejuvenation tank she was in? If i remember right it was a similar green and considering she was in it for weeks and it probably wasnt designed for humans it may of had that side effect? idk just spitballing here, this episode was absolutely amazing though!
OMG THIS GOT TRENDINGGGG
Okay so Anne looks like link, and Sasha? That's just straight up Edelgard from Three Houses.
Rip grims arm
Darcy casually playing Starcraft while attacking LA
Marcy outfit is Bruno
what epasode is this??????????????????
The blood issue with Marcy, I personally don't think it was caused by the calamity power, I personally think it's was because of the tank she was in which was the rejuvenation tank, maybe her staying in there for a long time, it might of messed with her blood.
I sadly didn't feel any emotion while watching this episode like how I did during ture colors but I very much enjoyed the episode.
I'm pretty sure Sasha outfit was edelgard from fire emblem
The red fit for the blonde looked like someone from fire emblem
i still cant believe the creators of the show agreed with the fans what to call darcy, not only that but they gave an explanation why she should be called that
anne and andrias fight gave me dragon ball vibes and the armor that andrias was wearing had the same head shape as the monster that protected king in the owl house
Darcy’s scythe definitely gave me major soul eater vibes
damn it i need to wait more?!?
I cried during that episode.
As a student teacher, the scene where the pr held Ann to a higher standard than the others and punished her, but not them was infuriating.  I was a para, and saw this all of the time.  As a teacher, I hate seeing it.
The Core is basically Emperor Palpatine!
Why does Andrias give me Vader vibes? I mean he’s a cyborg aswell, was manipulated by The Core (Emperor Palpatine) and gave in too.
Sasha's outfit is most likely a reference to Edelgard's Future outfit from Fire Emblem.
10:11 Polly could prob make that in 45 mins tops
Fun fact: Blankpink is a Korean pop group, but one of their most popular members Lisa is from Thailand. Another reference to Anne's Thai heritage.
I grinned like a maniac when the K-Pop started playing. It was like watching a high quality Shonen anime climax!
the cloak bot: im not a freaking muppet
If you look closely at fake Anne and Sasha their eyes have a greydient
I love Grime as much as any man, but I feel like Andreus had a much sadder moment, he's such a sad deeply troubled person that still wants to be worthy to be Leif's friend but also to please his ancestors in the core. But I'm glad that it appears that he has been redeemed.
frobros upgrade has mabels hoodie symbol from gravity falls showing that mabel has been there XD
I love how kpop in the beginning of the episode was paired with Anne’s lack of love for herself, but by the end its the motivation that gets her going and winning the fight with Andrias. Also I think Marcy’s blood is green from the pickle juice rejuvenation tank, it would make sense as she got *cough cough* turned into a kebab and had a literal hole in her-
Did you know that leif was pink for the pink stone barrel was green for the green stone and andreas was blue for they used tp be connected to the stones but it went wrong and they got disconnected
I didn't need the phone to tell me he's gay his face said it all
Andreas will always be arbiter 2.0 to me now
Also the core is still alive and walking around like a bug 🐛 very creepy man! What if the core trys to control the king again on his head? And makes his body a monster robot one? As Ann, sasha and marcy try to stop the moon from crashing them all?
I wander if gram will get a new robot arm? Or if they can sew his arm back on?
I think fake Sasha represents the overlord of bad end theater.
9:38 literally said the same when i saw the scene
Toads are " on " Amphibians and apart of the Amphibian Tree. So we might get an mini clips thing like gravity falls dis. So one episode mite show grime's new arm or if i'm wrong with the amphibian thing he mite get a robobt arm. from a broke dark frobo that not just a theroy BUT A FILM THEORY!
sasha is edlegard from fire emblem 3 houses, no clue was marcy is
Congrats on trending for gaming! For some reason earlier, you were even though you don't make gaming content.  Also did you see that promo!?
I watched the all in while in my car and screamed when grimes arm got chopped off, the people driving had a panic attack
Sasha's outfit I think references Alexstrasza's outfit from WoW. Anne's is obviously Link's outfit.
You missed the Megatron and the puzzle pile
Best episode so far, can't wait for the finale
I love that when Anne says "Sweet life-giving K-pop" there's a subtle pause after "Sweet life" there is no way that was just a coincidence.
Another Endless Possibility enjoyer. I approve.
i realised when darcy was pulling out her scythe i can kinda see a bit of golden freiza with that pose
They did it they pulled a majoras mask with the moon!!!
I think the red and blue moon simplifies Sasha and Anne because when Anne goes super Saiyan ( seriously she does I mean look at her hear ) she begins to glow blue and Sasha wears red armor
Sasha is definitely Edelgard from Fire Emblem.
Emotional damage.
Sasha’s Fantasy outfit is Edilgards from Fire Emblem 3 houses, post time skip. Not sure about Marcie’s…
i love this show because when some of my theories are correct they still end up surprising me like when grime lose his arm i thought he would die and then i found out Andrias was a cyborg i was like wait huh
Sasha is from fire emblem three houses
IM SO FUCKING EXITED!!!!  OwO
sasha is based off of edelgard from fire emblem three houses, dunno whos marcies is
When I saw the planters get flash backs and fear the Herman's reminded me of the smiling titan in aot
4:58 I too would look at LA being destroyed in glee
why does that suit look like Francois from the owl house like just the shape of the head I believe that Kings old caretaker was named Francois least that's what he called him
People: Foreshadowing here about sasha losing an eye, foreshadowing there about Anne losing her arm.  Me: what if....anne loses her....life?  I'll just put that there..  *leaves****.
Sasha is Fire Emblem Three Houses
Sasha's fantasy outfit is based on War Time Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
Can't wait to see our 3 girls roleplay as the Powerpuff girls and fight Star Dream from Kirby. Also, I wonder who would win in a 1v1, King Dedede or King Andrias?
Anne punch through Andrias like Goku did to Demon King Piccolo I was surprised.
Really really great review I do the same thing on my podcast terrific episode probably one of the best of the seasons well everything comes to an end and when Sasha says in the promo you better come back from Joy that mean and going to make the Supreme sacrifice in order to save everyone
You can see the girls all powered up in the mini trailer
this cartoon is incredible although it still have that childish cartoon vide with the occasional gags but it makes up for it with the story and everything else really it's amazing i can't wait for the finale
sasha's outfit is based on edelgard's war outfit from fire emblem 3 houses. I don't know what marcy's is though
Why not give Sasha the design of link
But nobody gets a reference from big hero six with Andrews armor
Anyone else notice that in marcy's pile of puzzles, there was an 1984 megatron toy
Shut up no one cares about Amphibia Shrek finally has a new trailer
Guess things are going to get Majora’s mask inspired in the series finale.
Sasha's outfit reminds me of Edelgard's outfit after the time skip from Fire Emblem 3 Houses which I find quite the fitting choice!
I think Core Sasha's armor is based off of Edelgard's timeskip design, looks almost exactly like it to me
Sashas outfit is definitely from  fire emblem three houses
Bro I thought I was the only one with the Darcy Vs Sasha for a wallpaper I took a screenshot
Sasha’s fantasy outfit is a reference to Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses!
Andrias' helmet looks like Jean Luc from The Owl House
I JUST NOTICED BARRLES LITTLE WADDLE ITS SOOO CUTE
Sasha's outfit looks like a cherecter from fire emblem three houses
The blood is green because she was revived in green liquid
WAIT!!!!! wasn't Marcy's blood green cuz she was in that chamber with the green liquid????!!!
It means there will be a season 4 right?
Bro I used to watch yu-gi-oh and I even finished the whole series the end had me in tears,when I watched the movie I was shocked that the pharaoh came back and I was like “HELL YEAH” and I even have the trading card’s and the limited edition god cards and I recreated the millennium items out of oven bake clay
I swear when andrias lowered his armor to let Anne finish him was such a good character moment. I was absolutely floored by it. We don’t know if he’ll have a full redemption like Sasha but even if his story ended there I’d be content that that. Finally accepting his crimes and the need for justice and ending the suffering he was inflicting was just such a cool moment for the show and character
11:41 i burst out laughing with that joke, i dont feel sorry, it was a good joke
Unsure of Marcies costume but Sasha had a costume resembling Adult Edelgard from Fire Emblem 3 houses.
Pretty sure Sasha's "fantasy" outfit is based on Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses!
The scene of Marcy climbing into Andrias' pocket was one of the cutest in the series. Marcy is the most adorkable nerd I have ever met. I'm also glad that Marcy stood up and accepted the fate of possibly leaving. While I would love for them to stay together, I would be equally pleased if they keep in touch 24/7. But, nonetheless. You go, Mar Mar!
Marcy’s outfit is a reference to the hobbit I think
why is no one talking about that Grime can no longer play the harp with two hands :C
Who cried while watching the 1 hour show
Quick note: The design of Andrias' power armor is based on Diplocaulus, a prehistoric amphibian. Andrias even calls it that in the episode.
in the core, Sasha's outfit is based off of Edlgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
THE SECOND BEST SERIES DISNEY (gravity falls is a top one)
PLEASE STOP TO ME OR PLEASE PLEASE FORGIVE ME FOR THE REST OF THE DAY AND YOU DON’T NEED ANYTHING ELSE FOR YOUR YOU TO
3:14 Wait... Was that Ness, Paula, Jeff, and Poo in front of the school? Did they intend this to be a MOTHER's Day special? 🐱‍🐉  Edit: That, or Earth(bound) Day.
My emotional stability when Sprig says that he will be with Anne forever: *Destroyed*
*Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his content for us* 👍👍🥳🥳😍😍❤
sasha's outfit is definitely a reference to three houses
All the good villain handle a sythe, try and prove me wrong.
Fake sasha’s outfit in the core’s illusion was a reference to edelgard from fire emblem 3 houses
Sasha is eldgard from 3 houses on switch not sure with marcy
3:16 MOTHER 2 REFERENCE!!!!
The second I saw Sasha holding marcy and crying I thought she was dead and my heart actually dropped, thank god  I still have the angel that is marcy. (ISTG IF IM JINXING IT RN ITS OVER FOR ME)
Hehehe, interesting, very interesting, now let’s see how it all ends, at least for now, i hope.
9:57 While that mecha suit is supposed to look like an Axolotl (Mexican Walking Fish) it also bares a resemblance to the construct in The Owl House that tries to hunt down King. A.G.
Was anyone besides me thinking of the song “Open Your Heart” from Sonic Adventure 1 during the fight between Ann and Andrias?
It realy break my heart that it will end i cry right now this show dont deserves to end
i'm sorry but the letter was dumb ... she keep th letter in her chambere ( ther is no way he recievs it)  and she just talk about change but not about the bertay .... Andris after 1000 years of  schemings  just hesitat because some cheap letter say to him "open to change "?  other things : So all the GREATEST MIND in amphibia in the core ...  and they didnt figure out to protect the connexion cords ? or use Wi-fi ? i means come on its an bvious weakness xD
I think episode 9 s3 made this trending For “gaming”
Yeah that Andreas friend group Andreas is blue leaf is pink and that toad was green. And guess what wow Anne blue Saha pink Marcy green. Even more parallels
The end of this episode was like: "Guys, is it just me, or is the Moon big?"
Hey sasha looks like edelgard thats cool
I loved this rollercoaster of emotions  of episode....but i noticed some continuity error....in the end of TBOTE all of them were sent to be fitted with mind control collars....but here they r shown to be taken as  prisoners...just this continuity error that caught my eye....But this is still an awesome episode...nothing can change that...better than gravity Falls' Weirdmageddon(Ik many may disagree but this is my opinion)..love this show...💖 🐸💚💙❤
Darcy is basically a combination of Bill, Spinel, and Peridot
King Andrias isn’t dead
I swear on Frobos hand I saw shooting star, what bill calls Mabel
Yoooooo Sasha's dressed like Edelgard from FE three houses
5:29: yeah, they got back to amphibia threw earth tech, not magic, the energy might have been provided by super sayin Anne, but they only needed that because it was powered by what was essentially a backup generator, hook that thing up to a real power source and there you go, and now that other dimensions are proven to exist, do you honestly thing the Government isn't going to start experimenting with interdimentional travel????
I've got nothing but good vibes it really felt like a finale before the actual finale!I also love it how King Andrais finally learnt his mistakes and redeem himself by letting Anne win
Easily my favorite episode what had Sasha dethrone Marcy and my favorite character in the show.
Something I just realized, every time the show had the moon take up the frame, it was foreshadowing for the finale.
sasha is dressed up like edelgard from fire emblem three houses(who's also kind of a control freak) and marcy is dressed as frodo from the lord of the rings  also i saw a theory online that marcy's blood was green due to a high amount of sulphur being present in her blood likely from the rejuvenation juice
1:14 The schools job is to help you be successful, don’t care how you do it, just that you’re successful.
12:46 No the green blood is coming from the tank where marcy was inside on it
this show has been through with me for a BUNCH of years. like Ducktales, so on, it'll prob give me depression after the show ends..... SO I BETTER GET READY!!
Ann's arm is not yet safe
I think there is a doctor who easter egg in the shelf in the robot class room
Amphibia is definitely at least partly inspired by the legend of Zelda, specifically breath of the wild, with the whole Courage/Wisdom/Strength and a ton of other things.
Emotional  Damage  all around
8:25 Sasha's outfit looks to be based on post time skip Edelgard from Fire Embelm Three houses. Can't tell what Marcy is... too generic fantasy ranger type to tell...
8:58 yea! It was funny is a stressful time
Also "I JUST ASKED FOR AN ASSAY"
TAHTS WHY I GOT JASPER VOICE VIBES WHEN SHE TALKED
OMG SASHA MOTHERFUCKIN ELDEGARDE FROM FIRE EMBLEM 3 HOUSES!!
Is it just me, or do i see a Powerpuff girls reference Blue, green, red/pink like Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup
If I had a nickle for every time I got super Giddy about amazingly animated scenes of women with questionable joint. . . presence. . . doing yoyo tricks with giant energy scythes, I'd have two nickles Which isn't alot but it's wierd that it happened twice
Sasha's outfit in that fantasy world looks kind of like timeskip Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses. In my opinion they have kind of similar personalities it's fitting for her! Not sure about Marcy tho
I never noticed the earthbound reference at saint James middle school at 3:16 u can clearly see Jeff ness and Paula with poo running towards them
The other fantasise outfit is probably based off of edelgards adult form from fire emblem three houses
Sasha is dressed as Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses! My fav character from that gameee
I just asked an essay?!?
Sasha’s looks like queen amadala from star wars
Honestly I'm just itching for anymore Marcy and Andrias goofy moments,Anyone else?
Do you think it's possible Andreas might survive the ending and he and Marcy might rekindle all the kind of relationship that they had?
Anyone else cry when Andrias nearly died? No? Just me?  Oh ok…
It's interesting considering that it's a monarchy and Andrias' father was quite old when Andrias himself was maybe 20... Just, I'd like to see some kind of Andrias offspring, a hidden prince or something like that. I just really don’t want to see once again a deposed monarch without children, as in some kind of Korra. What do you think?
For some reason I didn’t even got sad I. All end
Greattttttt! BUT I expected Leif's note to be a warning about the prophecy not some love note!  (disappointing disappointing!) Otherwise GREAT!
Too bad I don’t have that tech boost in stellaris.
Sasha is Queen Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses for sure. Marcy I wanna say Legolas but I'm not certain on that.
Marcys looks like zelda green amory
Sasha is a refrence to Edelgard from Fire Emblem three houses, her post time skip atire.
Not a full on redemption for Andrias (yet) but you can’t tell me the regret in his voice wasn’t genuine. Keith David, guys, gals, and non-binary pals. There is a reason he is one of my favorite voice actors. His tone sells whatever it is the character is conveying, each and every time.
Sasha's outfit in the Marcy fantasy world is fire emblem it's from fire emblem for sure but I the name doesn't ring a bell I just I can't remember the name
This was incredible to watch. Also, yes, that was the Millennium Puzzle, along with the Codex from the Da Vinci Code, a frigging Lament Configuration from HellRaiser, and a freaking G1 Megatron toy/Not that hard a toy to figure out, Marcy.
I had literal chills from watching the moment that Andrias opened himself to defeat and was later shocked that he was a cyborg. I always love when an episode can be unpredictable.
Me, going into All In: Can't wait for Andrias to die Me, ending All In: *sobbing* ANDRIAS DIED
I can say the action and battles were great.
Not too sure bout marcy but sasha is definitely a reference to Edelgard from fire emblem three houses
The mech suit is actually based on an extinct amphibian. Idk how to spell it but it’s basically a salamander with a boomerang shaped head
Bro the suit of andries looks like kings robot in the owl howsec
sasha's outfit is a reference to edelgard from fire emblem !!
my favorite part is when darcy is defeated (not the core just darcy)
That scene where the Music started playing give BIG "Japanese Media" Vibes. Japan just loves having Hype music(Usually the Opening or something like that) start playing when the Hero gains the Power to fight again
Anyone besides me think Marcy might be Leif reincarnated?
I totally loved it and watched it more than once!! I also loved your analysis because there were a few details I did not see. 😊
Honestly I’m so so upset that Sasha didn’t use her calamity powers by this episode. The one thing I DIDN’T WANT was Sasha using her calamity powers for the first time at the same time as Marcy….
Sasha looked like edelgard from fire emblem three Houses (after the time skip)
Sasha’s outfit is a reference to Edelguard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
The fake Sasha’s outfit reminds me of Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three houses after the war where the byleth’s been asleep
i think marcy's blood is green bc the liquid in the jar thing she was healed was also green
If that read moon is anything like ffxiv there is a giant pissed of dragon battery in there
I was in freaking tears the whole time for Andrias I love this guy so much ❤ 😭
I think Sasha’s out fit was. From gesnisn impact but I have no idea
She Is Robot Too 😥😔
I think sashes is a fire emblem character
11:20 they should’ve put the warning Like the same one in true colors
I am personally glad that Anne, Sasha, and Marcy were able to make amends with each other and possibly save their friendship, while also saving Earth. All that's left is to save amphibia.
What if Sasha is the outfit of Marcy’s favorite video game
I think Darcy's blood is not calamity blood or anything, i think it's the pickle jar effect
Okkk look you your a. Ou t is growing. I have been watching you forever. Congratulations
Marcy's false reality reminded me of Mable's.
8:24 Sasha looks like edlegard from fire emblem three houses after the time skip
When Sprig read the letter to Andrias and it showed Marcy smiling it reminded me exactly of how Naruto smiles
I am pretty comfident in saying that I think Sashas fantasy outfit is based on the one Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three houses wears post timeskip
Why the suit looks like the protector of kings birth place in owl house
honestly i loved the entire thing although i wish andrias had a more change of heart like maybe he helps them defeat darcy or smth idk thought i'd be cool
Marcy's fantasy outfit kind of looked like an Elven outfit, something straight out of Lord of the Rings. Not sure if it's Legolas or just a generic one.
I think Darcy's green blood eluded to Marcy's time in the Rejuvenation Tank after being stabbed by Andrias.
The suits are supposed to represent the stones like anne ( idk how u say it) is in blue like her power and sasha was good at the strength one so she gets that one and marcie was the best at the green/ puzzle one so she gets green ( but thats just a theory- a SHOW THEORY)
Its Not a Moon but a giant Space Ship. Andreus and the others of his race originated from a different place. We never saw any more of his people except for his Dad.  The Castle is a landing craft. This opens the chance of future series because there could be other invasions in the future.
Sasha looked like Edelgard
Is sasha outfit Edlegard from three houses?
This is by far my absolute favorite episode of the entire show I liked how we saw Mr and Mrs Boonchuy, Mr X, Jenny and the other friends Anne and The Planters made when they were back in LA I liked how this episode was a emotional roller coaster the part when The Planters faced their fears of the Herons to save Anne’s parents when they were in a similar situation and said they weren’t gonna let the herons take away another family from them made me cry as well as when Grimes lost his arm as I thought he was gonna die but thankfully he’s alive and also when Anne and Sasha were crying and were telling Marcy to come back to them and said they forgive her and the speech Anne gives saying that no matter how far they are they will always be friends those scenes really had me crying but moving on I really enjoyed the fight scenes especially the one between Anne and Andrias and the animation style they used was so fucking beautiful it had a anime like vibe to it and I knew when the Core which was still alive and was in Darcy’s helmet grew Spider legs and snuck away meant the final battle with it was far from over as well as when the red moon was falling towards Amphibia but yeah this episode was so awesome and is by far my favorite episode of the entire series I don’t want this show to end 😭😭😭😭
Marcy now not only has calamity powers but the powers of the Millenium Puzzle. Yami Marcy.
Ane have 25% power because she gave up 75% of her power
Sasha’s looks like Edelgard
When she wiped out the sixth I and spun it I got dearth Maul vibs
Imagine Andrias fighting the core
Sasha is based on Fire Emblem 3 House character, Edelgard. I'm not 100% sure what Marcy is referencing.
Don’t know about Marcy, but Sasha is in Edelgard’s outfit from part two of Fire Emblem: Three Houses
Lol I just realized that saha fantasy  kind of looks like edelgard outfit from fire emblem three houses
what I liked about this final was how they handled King Andrias. in the end he wasn't just given a redemption where he changes sides. He didn't magically become a good guy and betrayed the core. his moment where he realized his old friend never have forgotten about him. and when he broke down, "All the things I've done, all the pain I've caused. There's no going back!" he truly believed that it was too late for him. he made a final choice to end it all without it seeming like it was cheap. it was all handled very well and maturely.  kinda reminds me of the moment where Luke and Vader have their solemn talk before going to the Death Star where Luke tries to get through to his father but Vader tells him, "it is too late for me, son." both became monsters, and have done terrible things but it was those that care for them that allowed to at least return to the light, even if for their final moments. overall it was done amazingly and I can't wait for the final episode. not only for the final battle but because not only do the girls need to sit down and speak to each other with their hearts open, but Andrias needs to talk to Marcy to hopefully give each other some closure.
Darcy’s scythe wielding is a reference to an anime called Soul Eater. The main character, Maka, does the same pose as Darcy does when she pulls out the scythe.
Um the calamity gems are Star level…
Sasha kinda looks like Edelgard from fire emblem the Three Houses
Les gooooo I watched it :)))
The “Who Am I” assignment Anne got reminds me of the assignment Miles Morales got in the Spider Verse movie.
The v headfin thing on frobo is a reference to the antennas on gundams.
I don’t think it was green blood I think it was from the rejuvenation tank
I was an absolute mess after this episode, Ive never been this emotional from a TV show and I'm glad I got experience it
sashas outfitcould be sea of theives
Bro why do you sound like your drowning
I think Andrias’s Father is the real villain of Amphibia
The people from the movie
That RTS Reference killed me lol
I believe Sasha‘s outfit is from the video game Fire Emblem: Three Houses
Has any one notice andrias is blue leaf is pink red and barbell is green the Calamity/ the trio colors
@VGMarkis I was thinking that there is a possibility Marcy's green blood was from being in the rejuvenation tank for quite sometime? 🤔
one thing that i like about the show in general is that there are some detailed action scens here. I wouldnt put them in like a S tier but a mid  B is something more than i can say for most disney shows. i think it helps to show the intensity of the scenes and gives the episode more life while adding more suspence in some sense. I hope its something disne does more of and keeps goinh
Okey dokey time for a heartfelt essay lol, cause this shit hit me like a TRUCK!  Not gonna lie, the fights were sick, but as soon as Anne started getting inside Andrias's head he stole the ENTIRE episode for me, an you could see that the truth began to hurt him, he began to actually, finally tell himself inwardly that this wasn't what he truly wanted, and it made him panic, her words didn't come off as mocking AFTER the pity mention, they were surprisingly genuine and heartfelt and that's what hurt him the most, that someone took the time to understand him enough to say those things to him. She hit home, and he knew it.  That an when he broke down at Leaf's letter it actually broke me, it was literally the LAST thing he ever wanted to hear, that his dearest friend had NEVER forgotten him, and she thought of him and Barrel every day till the day she died, that she didn't regret her choice, only that it hurt him and she still loved and treasured him with all her heart. He could not longer use hate or abandonment as a way to continue, but without those emotions there was only pain because he's never get to say how much regretted trying to kill her and treasured her as well to this very day, that letter absolutely, utterly destroyed him to his heart, because it reminded him that he still had one, that no matter how deep he tried to bury it, however much his father or the core tried to stifle it, Leaf would forever believe he was a good person and would eventually do the right thing for those he loved even after she was gone, and he did.  There's a reason he still has that pin, that he thinks of Marcy with every spare time of thought he has, why Darcy is constantly trying to remind him she's gone when he knows she actually isn't, there's a reason while hearing Leaf's letter he immediately sees Marcy, he treasured her the same way, begged the core to choose someone else, which also means he chose to save her after being stabbed BEFORE the core even wanted her, he never planed to kill her, he literally started to relive his betrayal and waking nightmare when she took the box, he actually flies into a panic and hysteria when it happens, you can see it on his face and even in his words "Now look what you made me do...", they're said in a way that hides a deep mournful remorse that he thought only he would ever understand, till Anne calls him out and literally lays his hurt (at a base level at least) out in front of him so blatantly he can no longer ignore it.  He knows that if he loses here he'll never make his father proud (The core and Alderitch constantly remind him of this.), but also that his father never wanted a son, not even a family, just and only a legacy, but that if he loses he also gives Marcy a chance to be saved, a single right in a sea of his million wrongs, but also that he'd be unable to look her in the face for what he did to her, so he submits, even though all he had to do was literally sidestep and Anne would have lost to him, he also knows that the core will never give up it's hold on him, so he chooses to open his heart and die so that she might live...  Dude is straight up the most gut-wrenching villan I have ever seen in a kids show, crazy levels of style, charisma, funny as hell, can be utterly terrifying and primal, or genuinely kind-hearted and easily hurt, and a voice actor that perfectly understood ALL of the tones of voice to use when and where.  I truly hope that Andrias gets a good ending, ether by sacrificing himself in a way he's at peace with, or giving up his crown and devoting himself to trying to atone while having Marcy give him a second chance, all the girls got they're amphibian friend/father figures, so I hope Marcy and Andrias at least get to talk in the final episode, I'd feel soooo cheated if they don't. anyways yeah that's it. :P P.S I also listened to the hopping mall end credits theme while writing this and it killed me. XD
3:16 just realized the kids from Earthbound are in this shot
Spoiler Alert: My thoughts on All In:              Man; that was a lot. First another flashback. Those Herons were the same ones that killed Sprig and Polly’s parents; I’m glad that the Plantars got over their trauma and saved Anne’s parents. Frobo 2.0 is amazing and awesome. Grime lost an arm of his instead of Sasha; that’s a twist. Anne was able to use her powers past the time limit she has when using them. It was interesting what the core was showing Marcy. I’m glad that the three girls got reunited but the core is loose in that helmet with legs now. I can’t believe that they made a chibi that had the moon falling onto Amphibia; hopefully Andrias will be able to help. I’m glad that the core was defeated too; but not fully because it’s still around. Andrias being half robot surprised me but it was probably to keep himself young for a thousand years.
9:45 When I saw that scythe I said, all the good villians have scythes
Since king Andrus is a swab can he get his foot back into place ?
Sasha's outfit is a refrence to edelgard from the game fire emblem: three houses
Zeez Vov Gee 2 said that Sasha's outfit is from fire emblem. And I figured that Marcy's is Legolas from Lord of the Rings.
I’m pretty sure Sasha is supposed to look like Edelgard from fire emblem three houses. And i heard Marcy is supposed to be frodo.
Sasha's outfit is definitely Fire Emblem from how much my friends are obssessed with it.
Sasha's outfit is edelgard Mr. Look it up
Let’s rumble girlfriend
I didn’t even know of that GIF. I also didn’t notice that easter egg. I agree with what you said about Ms. Murphy and both reasons of why her room looks like that. I’m a bit surprised that you guess what Anne in the core’s mind was referencing. The Sasha in the core’s mind was referencing Edelgard from Fire Emblem. Marcy in the core’s mind I think was referencing a character from the Lord of The Rings but idk which character. I agree with a lot of things that you said. I also think that this may be my favorite episode of Amphibia unless the next, last, and final episode titled The Hardest Thing tops it. My favorite part had to be the K-pop song scene when Anne got motivated again and started fighting Andrias.
No one gets Killed, they saved the day and live happily ever after….. The end!
the red circle with the arrow, come on now.
The Darcy fight reminds me more of Soul Eater than Spinel
Yeah it’s been outright stated that Darcy pulling out the scythe is a spinnel reference and a lot of the scythe tricks she pulled were references to Soul Eater
I’ll be real At this point there’s a good chance the moon is gonna cause the people of Amphibia to have to leave to earth I wouldn’t put it past Matt to do that
frobo is gundam heavy arms
Is it weird all I can think of when andrias talks is the arbiter from halo I mean they're both big lizard men with energy swords and the same voice actor.
I never noticed he was a cyborg. I thought that was just his suit
Sasha was dressed as Edlegard from Fire Emblem 3 Houses
Marcy probably loves Genshwin Impact.
I saw this episode and pain was the main character
Sasha's costume is Eddlegard!!!  Pretty fitting
Fun fact about BLACKPINK: One of their members, Lisa/Lalisa Monoban, is Thai herself and Matt drew Anne in the school girl outfit Lisa wore on the ‘As If It’s Your Last’ music video.
As I said from an earlier comment, Andrias like Curly of the three Stooges was a victim of circumstance. He though he was betrayed by Leif, and manipulated by his father and the core. When Sprig read her letter to Andrias, he realized on what he had to do. As Anne said, it's not what we did in the past but what we do now. Once Anne saw he was willing to surrender after ramming in his armor Andrias like Mr. X went to the right side. As for next week's final, I do believe that the core will be the one to die. Looking forward to this Saturday.
Somethings I wanted to point out: (Copy and pasted)  In the credits, it sounds like a book being flipped. Could also be soft breathing and wind, could be the core or Marcy reading about the box.  For those who don't know the moon has always been red can be seen in the end song and various episodes.  The name of the mech Andrius uses is called “The Dyoplosaurus” cconfirmed to by Andrius pronounced “Duh-Plos-Orus”.  If you look at Anne while fighting Andrius you can see lotus flowers which in flower language means Purity and Rebirth.   The K-pop song during the fight is called “As if you're last by black pink” (When my sister heard the song she knew instantly.)  I understand the thematic meaning of “this is always been a 3 season arc.” In how each finale had a realization for each girl. Reunion for Sash, True Colors for Mar-Mar, and All in for Anne. “The hardest thing” being-  We see when Leif meets Wartwood it has a population of 8. With only 3 being seen in the flashback.  We will have a concrete storyline of Marcy once the book comes out. We have the beginning (Her theme song take over + Part of this episode) And the end (The story we see) the middle being Marcy's book that you can pre-order on Amazon with a softcover book for $18.  “The hardest thing” doesn't only mean what happens next. But it means should they fight or embrace the fall of amphibia. The fate of all is death or destruction.  The frog at the end isn't the greed of amphibia as “hinted” by Matt which I think was to throw us off but the Frog/Toad/Newt is the core taking control of the moon. This thing has no chill and we don't know its next move It could get to space.  In addition, the multiverse itself could be weak (to sorta quote Leif) due to the power usage of moving from planets making it easy to move.   (The reason I say sprig is because Polly lost Frobo, and Hop pop has the guilt from his child’s death. Sprig I feel hasn't had his loss and I feel like sprig is the closest to his ancestor.)  To be honest this show is a good piece of work. And if you ask me I think that sprig will be in a sort of danger. We have a toad (Grime) a newt (Andrius) but, not a frog. Let's see if their friendship is what matters in the end.
Fake Sashas outfit is based on the battle armor of Edelgard form Fire Emblem Three Houses
The best thing about this episode to me: Andrias was not redeemed. He did bad things, and paid for it.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but Sasha's fake fantasy outfit has gotta be a reference to Edelgard's post-timeskip design from Fire Emblem Three Houses. Like, no one else in their right mind would wear those shell-looking things in their hair.
Keith David needs a va award. That man made me feel for a giant salamander.
Amphibians blood are green
i'm thinking the green fluid from darcy's cut was actually that healing fluid when marcy was recovering
@VGmarkis 8:30 dude there outfits are from marcys favorite game In marcy at the Gaye vangarnol and the Cronkils or somthing
I think Sasha's fantasy design is supposed to be something akin to Edelgard's Emperor clothing after the time skip in Fire Emblem: Three Houses.
The moon thing feels so fitting,from so many times a important episode ending with a awesome shot of the moon (and or sun) to the description in the prophecy.
the helmet
this episode got me fucking pacing from jesus christ when adriass was revealed to be a cyborg i actually went insane
Sasha is dressed up as a character from fire emblem 3 houses
Sasha's outfit is based on Edelgard's post timeskip outfit in Fire Emblem:Three Houses. I'm not sure where Marcy's outfit is from
When Darcy was "dying" and they said to Sasha "You fool! do you have any idea what you've done!?" it reminded me of bill ciphers death in gravity falls.
I'm casting a vote for the garb the Core hooks Marcy and her "friends" up with being a reference to her Vagabondia Chronicles game; she mentioned it was her favorite game.  What better way to further the illusion than to use her favorite game?
Dude Sasha's fantasy outfit was Edlegard's from Fire Emblem Three Houses, specifically the time skip one where she becomes emperor.
Darcy be using genjisu
Like the Naruto references you made throughout the video. ^v^   Surprised you didn't point out Grime is like Sasuke now. Missing an arm and an eye.
Okay, I know this might seem a little unlikely, but I think we’ll get one more flashback in “The Hardest Thing.”  I know what you’re all probably thinking. We already got a flashback in “All In.” It was about Anne being assigned an essay about who she is a day before her birthday.  While that is true, there is one other thing to keep in mind.  In “Reunion” and “True Colors,” both start with a flashback to what happened during Anne’s birthday. “Reunion” showed what kind of friend Sasha was to Anne and how she was a bad influence on her. “True Colors” showed how Marcy came across the calamity box and why she wanted to take Anne and Sasha with her. Both season finales show an important aspect of the three main girls.  I believe that “The Hardest Thing” will show one last important detail from Anne’s birthday. The question is, what could that important detail be?  Here’s a few options:  Anne Flashback 1 – Maybe it shows Anne waking up and being surprised by her parents. Anne thanks her parents for the surprise and gets ready for school. Before she leaves, we see her mom giving her the snack she had and thanks her mom.  Anne Flashback 2 – Maybe it shows how Anne felt about stealing the calamity box and regrets doing it.  Anne Flashback 3 – Maybe it shows when Anne first arrived in Amphibia. She was scared, slept in a cave, and tried everything she could to find help. Then it could show her making the trap that caught Sprig before eventually meeting him.  I honestly don’t know and it’s just a theory of mine.
Call me heartless but I didn't feel sad in some of the sad scenes
I just realized she completed every puzzle in that room meaning she literally solved the millennium puzzle
Anne is going super saiyn like goku from dragon balls z
Did anyone else think that the kpop music revival was a little nod to the drums of liberation from one piece and gear 5 luffy
I've noticed something throughout Amphibia. Anne, Sasha, and Marcy battle or rival the Amphibian that their gems correspond with. Anne battles King Andrias in this episode, Grime battles Darcy, and Sasha at first didn't like Sprig.
Fun fact: Andrias’s suit is called the Diplocerus. Which I’m guessing that, based on its design, is based off of the diplocaulus. A prehistoric amphibian that had a boomerang shaped head that looks a lot like an axolotl. It’s also very big for an amphibian at 3 feet long.
I’m almost certain that Ann is gonna have to decide between the human world and Amphibia in the last episode and will never see sprig again
I STILL WANT TO KNOW, WHO IS MR. X MARRIED TO 😱😱😱😱😱?!!
Some other things I saw that you may not have noticed: 1. Pricilla the Killa and Pearl are both seen in the rebellion 2. The two men that Terri and Dr. Jan saved were the same couple seen in the episode Sprig’s Birthday
*Wait I wanna meet Mr.X’s spouse now since the “hubby” is giving it away* (same with his ring)
I believe Shasha's outfit is based of of Edelgard von Hresvelg from Fire Emblem: Three Houses.
I'm pretty sure the reason her blood was green was because she used the portal to go to earth so the crystal merged with her, also I believe the illusion was her powers in motion, explaining the green smoke
Someone pointed out that on the bulletin board in the science room there’s a listing for a Moon Jiujitsu class with three tabs missing. So that could be a hint at what’s going to go down in the final episode this Saturday.
I have a feeling that Marcy’s green blood comes from her time in the rejuvenation tank. But I have a feeling that she’s gonna keep the green blood for a while afterwards
One thing you did not point out is that Leif changed her name to Lily. During the letter you see here at a stand called, "Lily's Produce".
it's funny because Darcy`s scythe is a reference to both Steven Universe, and Dragon Ball Super during the Future Trunks Saga
I think king andreas was trying to get materials from earth and other dimensions to stop the blood moon from taking over the amphibia world
Sasha is a fire emblem villain     I mean in outfit, TOTALLY not in personality
Sasha’s outfit is a reference to Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
Spinel
8:22 I feel like Sasha's outfit is a reference to Edelgard (post timeskip) from Fire Emblem: Three Houses
Sasha outfit is based off of fire emblem three houses
You missed the part where darcy turned into a fricken spider
the cherry on top for frobos design is the little shooting stars on his arms gave me huge mabel vibes
I would laugh out loud if I ever see King Andreas and Frankie from One piece hanging out somebody needs to work on that
Fun fact though, the mech is based off of an ancient amphibian lineage, from back when they ruled the cooler waters like crocodilians.
Im glad someone else recognized pepper anne in the background
Ive heard that sasha’s *✨fantasy fit✨* is based off one from fire emblem, ive never played it so dont take my word for it tho ^v^
Marcy's adventure outfit is definitely a reference to her favorite movie, I don't know about Sasha though.
8:26 Sasha’s outfit is based off Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses
I’m not sure what marcys outfit is meant to reference but i do know sashas outfit is probably a reference to Edelgards post time-skip design in fire emblem three houses because they both have a very striking resemblance in certain details she could be referencing something else but edelgard is the first thing that comes to mind seeing sashas outfit
Polly Polly could easily get a stark internship if she wanted to
it really bugged me she didn't at all even scold the others when she SAYS she knows they pressured Anne.
Sasha seems to be a reference to timeskip edelgard from fire emblem three houses,as for Marcy I'm not sure
10:12 I think the suit was already made it’s just that the invasion was delayed
I think Marcy's outfit is a refrwnce to her favorite movie  war or the warlocks
Even though I feel like it would defeat the purpose behind their growth and accepting that change happens, I'm kinda hoping that Marcy doesn't have to move after all this.
To be honest, King Andrias totally reminds me of Azula from Avatar. Both are associated with the blue color (Andrias with blue skin, and Azula with blue fire.) They were both under the influence of their abusive fathers, and inherited some of those traits while still retaining some of their redeeming qualities. By the end they both end up having a mental breakdown because of the events that happened.
Also does anyone else notice that the suit of the king the head is like the same one from owl house, the machine that attacked everyone during trying to find out about kings past
Sasha is based on timeskip Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses
Blackpink are also the biggest gg in the world🤭
In that scene When we saw andries being half robot do you thing it's the same with marcy once andries said that "We truly concerd death" in Olivia and Yunnan and we saw marcy in a tank. With that implemented in her chest how do you thing they fixed it Short answer *Replacement* which leads us to the theory that marcy has some Kind  of robotic parts near her chest 😳
Marcy look like Zelda just a little
The shooting stars on frobo are a reference to Mabel from gravity falls, no to mention king Andrias's battle suit is called the Dyplosaur, which means double lizard teasing his cybernetic enhancements, also Darcy's green blood probably isn't calamity powers, but gross tube juice.
Sasha’s outfit is based on post timeskip Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
When the plantars are doing the plantar family dance you can see the progress pride flag on the building behind them
OOH! I love the point about Darcy's blood being green because of the calamity power!
10/10 episode
Behold your tax dollars at work
I figured that the core's scythe was a reference to soul from soul eater
bruh this fight scene in general was BADASS. also the Sasha vs Darcy fight was also emotionally scarring
3:15 Holy crap, Ness, Paula, and Jeff from Earthbound are in the Background!!!
Marcy and Anne and Sasha will never break up. They can buy new phones and contact together and meet again.
Yeah, that’s the thing about prophecies, they take everything into account; especially people trying to defy or undo them.   As for the temples giving them the option to relinquish the responsibility, it’s nice that it works as an out of it’s too much for them. Well if they were informed of all this and not manipulated. They were probably intended for when the prophecy was fulfilled and it was time for them to go home, one last adventure to show their growth.
Fun Fact - the herons that Sasha and Grime fight in s1 are the same herons that are in all in. Which is why hop pop says that they've been terrorizing the valley for years.
I believe the core's outfits for Sasha was based on possibly dragon quest , while marcy's is based on something from lord of the rings because of the way here gem pendent holding her cloak looks and her hair look very similar to Aragons design
The other minds in the hive mind knew what eldrich would do that’s why they said”you fool ,do you know any idea of what you have just done?”  Because eldrich would destroy amphibia
Zee von gee (I think is his name on YouTube) knew who Sasha's outfit was referencing but I can't remember now   Never noticed the two moons in Marcys fantasy world 🙌
Also light in the opening scene was only green(Marcy) and purple(Sasha) without blue so ig it shows like Anne wasn’t a full-fledged personality or something
I think Grime will have a robot arm
I hope Marcy and andrias become friends again somehow in this episode because when king andrias backstabbed Marcy is was sad
3:15 Earthbound reference
Okay wait wait wait. The foreshadowing people thought they saw to Sasha losing an eye and Anne loosing an arm, hear me out, it was all connected to grime. The missing eye, that was foreshadowing as to *who* was going to be affected, considering how grime is missing an eye, right? And then all the foreshadowing to a missing arm, which a lot of people [Including myself for some time] thought was going to be Anne, being grime.  Along side that, the cloakbot lost an arm, and there are cloakbots in the castle thing.  Anyway I probably thought about that just a bit too much but know ya' know my thought process  -
I think you're right about this being the best episode of Amphibia. Also, I always predicted that Mr. X would become an ally. But what got to me the most in this episode was the heavy implication that Sprig and Anne will have to say goodbye to one another. While we're still completely in the dark as to what will happen in the end, the characters point out that Anne needs to eventually get on with her life. Sprig does, too. If the music box is destroyed like a lot of people theorize that it will be, then the girls will have to choose between staying in Amphibia and returning to Earth. I have a theory that at least one of them will stay (my money's on Sasha, but it could be any of them). So, yeah, really looking forward to Saturday!
I might be dumb but what's the song through the video? I felt like I heard it
She also gives off freiza vibes with that pose
Sasha is edelgard after the time skip (fire emblem three houses)
I feel andrias deserves a redemption, he was such a good character if it wasn’t for the core. Besides that this is a great episode, I don’t want it to end
nah but the fight between sasha and darcy was just pure eye candy frfr,,, probably my most favorite part of the episode ong
I didn’t even notice sasha got her back SLICED. That’s how crazy the episode was, i didn’t even notice sasha almost died
Andrea's suit looks like something from the owl house
The core taken down by the cord
Marcy looks like frodo and sasha is looks like its from an anime it rings a bell but i cant put my finger on it
Even though he's done atrocities for 1000 years... I still like King Andrias! Poor guy was sad, lonely and horribly misguided. Still a fave King! Much better than his dad anyday!
Anne's wearing the champion's tunic from Breath of the Wild 13:18
PRIMARY CALAMITY LOTUS!!!
Marcy's blood is green cuz she was in the green toob
Another fantastic episode and another fantastic video!
Sasha is based on edlegard form fire emblem 3 houses
king Wes a robot   😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
This might sound crazy, but what if in the final final episode, the world's collide into one.
And andreas had that same sheld but orange
Did anyone notice that Andreas battle helmet looks very similar to King's guardiant in the Owl house?
Sasha is edelgard from fire emblem three houses I don't know who Marcy is though but It does look familiar
Marcy's out fit is a refrains to gravity falls the eaf from dungeons Dungeons and more dungeons
love the fact that marcy self introduction comes to play in here "marcy wu head of the chess club(obviously flipwort), MASTER RTS PLAYER (rts games are games like starcraft which we can clearly see with how the core is controlling her actions.)
ANYONE ELSE NOTICE JOHNNY BRAVO?!
Sasha's outfit in the fantasy world is a reference to Adult Edelgard von Hresvelg from fire emblem three houses. Marcy's outfit from what I've heard looks like Frodo's outfit from Hobbit/Lord of the rings, not sure.
Eldegard from Fire Emblem 3 Houses... Oh god that got me!!😂
Anne IS wearing the champion's tunic and the master sword. In Bessie and microangelo, she wears the barbarian armour.
So sad about this show ending
Ok so I have no idea what Marcy’s fantasy outfit is based on but I also recognized Anne’s outfit as Links’s champion tunic in 2 seconds and Sasha’s is a reference to Edelgard’s “five years later” outfit from Fire Emblem: Three Houses. Not to toot my own horn but I think I might be 1/3 people in the whole fandom to get that reference 😅
THE ANIMATION WITH MARCY* WAS SO GOOD, IT WAS SMOOTH AF !!
The fact they used Blackpink in this episode was PERFECT!!!! That transition was AMAZING!!!!
fun fact: the sticker on Frobo 2.0's hand looks exactly like the shooting star on Mabel's sweater
Hehe!, Fun Fact: The epic episode of Amphibia shares its title with The Netflix Original Series Ozark episode All In! 😉
All i am going to say is that if part 2 of the finale was this epic, I am not ready for this Saturday! Also, there needs to be an Amphibia box set (similar to the Gravity Falls one from shout factory) released! I would love to hear audio commentaries for every episode (including this one)!
A Magic of Friendship! - Twilight Sparkle ✨😉🥺😿
K Pop Anne was by far my favorite part of the episode. I want to find that song to listen to it over and over.
the library actually made me think of Disney castles library from kingdom hearts 2
Sasha's outfit is based on Edelgard, from Fire Emblem Three Houses. Specifically Edelgard's outfit post timeskip.
My answer to that shield with military weaponry drop a sticking EMP and if the government is the problem you get no matter what because they don’t want us to be enslaved Also they probably would nuke it because of course why not
Is it just me or does Andreas’  suit look like Jean Luk from The Owl House?
Honestly this is everything I could’ve wanted from a series finale. Big, epic, and everyone is involved!  Also, emotions. Many emotions.
Anyone notice on the promo the green,red and blue kinda dots when those space worms appeared
I got Thanos vibes from Darcy when Sasha cut her cheek. Darcy: *All that for a drop of blood?*
Review lol 😂 !
Love ❤️ this video!
Sasha's outfit is a reference to edelgard from fire emblem treehouses
This episode was amazing and the best episode of the series
Did anyone realize the stickers on frobos arm are the same print as Mabel’s sweater from gravity falls!! ❤️
Amphibia takes a lot of inspiration from anime, so it only makes sense that the final bad guy would be anime's greatest enemy: THE MOON!!
Fun fact, Sasha's outfit in the Fantasy world is similar to the post-Time skip Edelgard outfit from Fire Emble three houses, also her normal outfit from season 3B seems like Dimitri's, from the same game maybe(?)
Not sure bout marcy but sashas outfit is Edelgard from fire emblem 3 houses.
Anne's outfit was a reference too BOTW link and Sasha's was a reference too Edlegard of Fire Emblem Three Houses(I probably butchered the name)
I always Enjoy your videos and also I did not notice the millennium puzzle before until you showed it on screen and to be honest that's freaking wild I love it episode was really well-written great animation and also great character development for everyone especially the girls
I think Marcy’s outfit has something to do with the Lord of the Rings?
I was thinking that Darcy's blood was green because the hosts inside the core were amphibian and their blood at least in our reality is green... So I was thinking that the green blood was not only a way to bypass censors but to show that Darcy is slowly taking full control of Marcy.  Kinda like how the longer Chucky stayed in a good guy doll the more human he became.  Eventually, the doll had human organs and skin.
I love Marcy reaction about prophesy. As a gamer and fantasy enthusiast, you must never dismiss a prophesy.
HI
“Let’s rumble girlfriend” that was my favourite line ngl
Wow they reference to Nintendo game series Sasha is wearing edelgard's Post Time skip design and without a doubt Ann is it wearing links outfit from breath of the wild.
i've got to say darcys moments with the scythe reminded me of Maka from soul eater when she was controlled by the black blood
The head of Andrea's mech looks like John Luke From owl house
Marcy: Genjutsu of that level does not work on me
2:54 OK HUGE THING MICKEY IS ON MR.X'S PHONE MICKEY IS REAL CONFIRMED!!!
Sasha’s outfit is based on Edelgard’s Post-Timeskip outfit from Fire Emblem Three Houses
sasha is a reference to adult edelgard from fire emblem 3 houses
Andrias is animated Emperor Calus, that confirms it
Fake Sasha's outfit looks like Edelgard's
I loved how one of leifs children was orange pointing towards her being sprig and Polly's great great grandmother
I’m pretty sure Sasha’s outfit was a reference to Edlegard’s future appearance in Fire Emblem 3 houses.
I just noticed how the hell did Darcy's helmet reach the moon?
I'll be honest before this episode I thought Lief never return from earth and taught a sibling about the dance in a letter or something and was great-great something aunt instead of the great-great something grandmother but I was wrong and honestly  glad I was cause this was so much sweeter
This has nothing to do with the video, but I just realized something. What is up with Valeriana?   She said she was up with a sacred order that studied the stones. But she apparently didn't know the temples were just a ritual to abandon the prophecy? Was she actually working for King Andrias, and everything she said about "worthiness" was a lie, or did the order just get everything wrong?
Sasha’s outfit is based on Edelgard’s post timeskip outfit from Fire Emblem Three Houses. I don’t know what Marcy’s outfit is based but I would like to know if someone has an idea. (P.S. love your vids)
Heh heh… leap of faith cuz they’re  frogs
the core has legs aka sticks that can make it run and i think on the core got to the pod that was fast and and gone to the moon and btw i thnk the moon is a plant that the core take ofer
I knew it I knew Leifs letter will turn Andrias good again he has good in him but his fathers manipulation clowded his jugment and I am glad he was redemed
Also I wonder why breaking the cord was enough to shut Darcy down since the core was already in the helmet
Sasha is absolutely Edelgard from Fire emblem Three houses.  Not sure about Marcy
This episode was too good like seriously darcy being so entertaining even for a short while. Marcy being awesome in flashbacks and in the main timeline. Anne and Sasha fight with that kpop music gave me chills that was new to me. "You missed. Wanna Bet." Was the coldest line in the whole episode. The planters dance legit was a flex and the moon falling was like a oh god what now moment that forces me to watch next week episode on time multiple times in that day.
I wonder if at the finale where mother olm  says power comes at a price means one of the powers cause one of the girls to be bound to amphibia forever
Hopefully, Sasha and Marcy will show some forms of their strength and wit powers respectively in the finale to fight the Core since Sasha didn't even get to absorb a single ounce of her powers back into her to fight Darcy!
I’m sad he didn’t see the shanks reference when grime lost his arm
I loved this episode. The fight scenes and everything. Though definitely did start bawling throughout the entire episode 😭
Darcy would be the best at every rhythm game ever, look at how fast she moves her fingers.
0:51 NEW BLINK LETS GOO
Sasha is wearing the Fire Emblem Edelguard future outfit, its top of google image results
Aldrich’s *true colors* start to show I get it even if the puns not intended
12:45 I thought it was from the healing tank mixing with her blood
Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses made her debut as Sasha Waybright!
Im pretty sure Sashas outfit is based on Fire Emblem 3 Houses character Edelgard.
Y'all cannot tell me this episode does not give y'all sasuke vibes with grime arm
That IS Pepper Ann, Matt tweeted how  Amphibia is what you get watching DBZ right after pepper Ann
Sasha being Edelgard from Fire Emblem 3 Houses made me probably way to excited
There’s a couple of other notable things some might have missed 1: Sasha’s outfit is based off of Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses 2: You can see Pricilla, Pearl and Bufo fighting in the rebellion
I just realized fake sasha's fansaty outfit reminds me of Edgard form fire emblem three houses
Darcy with a scythe was so badass and nearly made me think that Grime was gonna die thankfully it was just his arm. The reveal of Andreas being a cyborg makes sense cause I thought his line of newt would live long cause they are massive. I’m so excited for the series finale but sad that it’s officially ending next week.
You can't obviously ignore the Pac-Man company building in the episode. That's a nice reference to the old game Pac Man. Good game still by the way.
Is everyone ignoring annes breath of the wild link outfit
Cripto is a sham certain af man
Pretty sure Sasha's fantasy outfit is a reference to Edelgard from Fire Emblem: Three Houses
In the teast promo of the hardest thing, mothing olm says somthing like summoning such powers comes with a price and i think sadly that the price will be that the stones wont work anymore
8:27 so while I believe Sasha’s outfit is based on edelgard from fire emblem I do not know what Marcy’s outfit is  Edit:lord of the rings or Harry Potter?
I still can’t believe Polly built frobo’s upgrade by herself
darcy did nothing wrong
The lament configuration from hell raiser was in the pile as well.
think Sasha's outfit could be a reference to Edelgard's timeskip design from Fire Emblem Three Houses - with the horns and general red armour design
Saha straight up looked like a Fire Emblem character and Marcy looking like someone from Tal’Dorei in that fantasy setting.   Jokes aside, this was such a fantastic episode and this makes me really hope shows like Amphibia and The Owl House come to Disney Channel. This was one of the best part one of a series finale I’ve seen in a while
The show did the impossible and made me feel so bad for Andrias. At first, I thought he'd be a generic evil overlord who wanted to rule over all worlds because "I'm Evil" but he is actually more complex than I gave him credit for. It's clear he is not truly happy with all the evil things he had done, and he had gone so far, that there can be no chance for him to be forgiven for his sins. His only "real" redemptive act is allowing Anne to ram herself through his body after the will to fight was gone.
Hi I love this and I hope you get 1m subscribers and I hope you have a good day and you are awesome and I love the yugioh  Reference
Fire emblem three houses!!!!😆😄
Sashas outfit is based on Edelgard from Fire Emblem: 3 Houses
18:09 And if in reality all this is inevitable and in the end they show us that Amphibia is the Earth but in prehistory and that the extinction of intelligent amphibians must occur for humans to exist in the future (rather present)? that would be something totally unexpected
Something I found interesting was Marcy's reaction to the prophecy and how when they all saw the moon falling, Marcy's reaction was less surprised than the others. I wonder how much she already knew and is now connecting to the present.
They really did pull off a mabel pines on Marcy this episode
8:26 what would the show have been like if those had been their clothes while they were in Amphibia?
I belive people shouted out Fire Emblemb and LotR for the outfits. Good job on the Easter Eggs but there are just so many that no ONE person has yet got all of them in one go.
Pretty sure Sasha's is based off of Monster Hunter, but I can't quite figure out Marcy's.
8:30 Sasha is Edelgard form fire emblem 3 houses
good video
This episode was EPIC AS HELL edit: 14:58 tell me I’m not the only person who thought of Monkey D. Luffy!
for a moment I thought that now the king Andria was small and senile like Hoppop...
Can we just take a minute and think about how many people must have died off screen during this episode
Omg, this episode was a combination of all the craziness and epicness that the show has been building up to now and the payoff was so worth it definitely my favorite episode of the entire show!
This episode was fantastic, y’all. They tied everything so perfectly plus I’m proud of the Plantars for facing their fears to save Mr. and Mrs. Boonchuy from suffering the same fate as Sprig and Polly’s parents.  I’m ready but also not ready for the end next week. It’s been one heck of a rollercoaster. 🥲
Yeah, about the powerscaling, if we scale Anne to the box, which is her power according to Mother Olm, Anne jumps to Mountain Level lol. City Block Anne and Andrias still hype tho.
If for some reason the box had to be destroyed, and Anne had to pick between earth or Amphibia, I honestly think she'd at least consider staying in Amphibia.
I was frozen solid when andrias was found to be a robot
Andries plan was to neutralize the prophecy and not have the girls killed its sad the core basically controled him because he genuinely could've stopped the whole universe hopping.  Also Darcy was goku black 100%
9:03 I'd just knowtis that Pixar's Cars Reference
the outfit of fantasy Sasha is based on time skip Edelgard from Fire Emblem Three Houses
Marcy is clearly a lord of the rings refrence and Sasha's I forgot but Zeez Vov Gee said it in his video
Ik they spend all of there budget on darcys animation like it's so smooth and darcy shots so cool
I cired in a few part beacus this episode was so. Beatuflu
8:06 the two moons almost feels like a Star Wars Reference
I don’t know what Marcy‘s is but I know Sasha‘s is a reference to the main villain of fire emblem three houses
This was insane but awesome at the same time so much fighting drama resolution and a real tear jerking plus the crazy cliffhanger oh jeez
"undisputed greatest episode" yeah imma heavily dispute that. Reunion and True Colors are still better but these are the top 3 far and away above everything else. All 3 are true masterpieces, only thing stopping All In from being the best IMO is the way Darcy was defeated, a better method of defeat than just cutting a cord and this would be the goat cartoon episode
This episode was SO AMAZING
Omg
I literally dropped to the floor as soon I saw Grime arm got cut off. I found it so cool how Marcy was trapped in a false reality of how Anne and Sasha wanted to do what she wanted to do, but then she realized how everything was not real and how she understood that things change and sometimes for the better. The letter that Leif left for Andrias was beautiful yet very sad at the same time.
3:32 Yeah NFT's are Shit same with Cryptos
This was definitely giving off the finale vibes without even being the finale. Also, all those theories of Anne losing an arm, the fact that it was Grime made it just as heartfelt. Also, I’m so glad Marcy’s okay and the girls can finally fix things without going behind each other’s backs. I love them. Matt Braly - even if you don’t see this comment, just know that you have created a legacy title, not just for Disney, but for animated cartoons in general!
I just watched Pepper Ann for the first time before this video
Great episode hands down and I'm hyped but also sad for Amphibia ending also I see you Markis using Super Sonic vs Perfect Dark Gaia theme from Sonic Unleashed in the background perfect choice.
this was quite the Emotional Roller Coaster Ride and this maybe the Best Episode of Amphibia Ever
The Core, more specifically Aldrich, is one of the most evil Disney villains, or even cartoon villains. When you think about it, they threatened to deny their own kin, Andrias, a place in the techno afterlife if he didn't kill the teenager
Great video
We can't have nice things can we :( but anyways let's go one last final time to stop the Doom (dark moon) and save the universe
Pin this or i give you no cheese
an epic episode that tied a lot of loose ends (nice video :)
Hey I'm a big fan and I love your vedios
Love your stuff
First comment and this was an amazing episode
Another Amphibia Video,Nice! I can tell it’s gonna be amazing
Finally a all in video this episode was crazy
Cool
I watched it mix of emotions
