This feels like a video I'd have made years ago! Just me, a GoPro, and an Interesting Thing. (And speaking of interesting things: I've got a podcast about interesting questions! You can listen for free here: https://lateralcast.com )
It's kinda weird what peoplle considered "safe" back in the day, fascinating story too!
excuse me tom scott, but what did you say about this gunpowder-fueled automatic baseball pitcher?
EYYYY WINNETKA MENTIONED
Monkey bars.
I loved them as a kid i used to climb huge ones like an ape scary, and i did fall of one hit my head on a bar yet was Ok, the things are lethal
Play at our risks or we also need to make sidewalks out of soft rubber as walking can be dangerous.
I wish it worked. It was a genuine and earnest idea to improve mathematics.
he's in his THIRTIES???????
Man Up! It’s very easy. Just do it!
no dad, its called THE STRUCTURE
Why wouldnt my America insurance cover me from a fall.. from anything at any age?
An insurance plan that doesn’t cover accidental injury would be illegal. You are a guest here. You’re obviously welcome to do pro-social things like making videos about our history, but if you want to criticize a nation’s way of doing things, go home and do it there.
I miss you 🥺
We had a Massive one on our Park, about 15 ft tall at side, the Tubes were about 18 ft long. We'd climb up to the top and use the tubing like Trumpet's, you Could Hear it all Over our Council Estimate. 👍😁👍🇬🇧🧷☠️
I had this very design in my school. We used to whirl around the bottom rungs, holding one knee over the bar. It was amazing fun. 😂
It probably did help those kids model 3 dimensions in their brains better. Play is a powerful tool. Was this ever tested for?
The pillars of my childhood’s neighborhood park: tall slide, sandbox, see-saw, jungle gym, pull-up bars, monkey bars and . . . a 2-ft deep pool with raised fountain and large concrete turtle for climbing.
Makes me think of Mobile Suit Gundam where apparently growing up in the 3d environment of outer space gives children precognition and limited telepathy.
No he's wrong it was created by Jim frame
Ihad to much fun climbing around on the big dome one that getting hurt wasnt a memory..but i guess there are the extremes with it. I can't remember anyone stepping on my hands either.  I enjoyed the merry go round, tetter totter and swing. I still have my kids swing and swing on it every now and then 😊
As a mother, I don't have safety concerns with these at all... I never saw any accidents happening that involved a jungle gym. I played on them, some still exist and my kids have played on them, obviously you have to use your sound judgement but the same applies to a swing...
I remember that at my school
This is soooo cool and weirdly entertaining!!! 😊 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Romans 10:9 God LOVES you SO SOOOOO MUCH!!! Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. ❤ John 14:6 ❤❤❤ GOD BLESS YOU! I love you too ❤ Seek the Saviour while He may be found!!! The time of salvation is NOW because there MIGHT NOT be a tomorrow, and I love you so I would LOVE to meet you ALL in Heaven!!! Don’t leave your salvation too late ❤❤❤😊 I love YOU TOO!!! Yes, YOU 🫵🫵🫵 reading this!!! And the Lord Jesus Christ loves you even more, so much that He gave Himself on the cross for you!!! ❤❤❤ and He is waiting with open arms even now, He can forgive you ☺️ Good job Tom, keep up the GOOD WORK! ❤
Fascinating
Your 'team' standing on the top kicking people in the face while they tried to push or pull you off on to the ground. That's what I remember from Primary School!
I don’t think there will ever be a fourth dimension, after all three dimensions or otherwise 3D is width, length, and height, counting that where else could you include a dimension, all dimensions exist, and 1D cannot exist rewlly either because you need at least another dimension to define it’s shape.
"I have reduced the danger" is SO funny to me."
We already navigate in a 3D world and naturally do 4D math in our heads...this is already well-known in the science fields.
my primary school had a jungle gym that looks the same as this one, never realised it was built after the legend itself
Jungle Gyms sure do catch your fall, but it may not be how you want it. When I was in pre-school, I fell off one and busted my chin open from a bar valiantly saving me from landing me on my feet
In his 30s?
We had a old metal one at my elementary school and it was so much fun as a kid. They removed it when a tornado wiped out the school unfortunately.
Can you imagine how cool it was in the playgrounds in the 30s? Jungle gums, gunpowder powered pitching machines, the looming fascist threat... Ahh those were the days
I loved to play in that weird things when I was a kid. We were building bunkers inside of that with old cloth or whatever it was. (I live in Poland and we had metal ones.)
I had to turn on the subtitles to confirm it remained in use for 90 years.
I thought they were meant to crack our skulls
I call the monkey bars no wait that might be something else
I always love when people invent things for children. They are often overlooked but a good education and healthy childhood are so important.
To be fair, I never fell off, because I wasn't a complete moron. And soon after the jungle gym, I got into climbing trees.. and by the time I was 14 I was habitually climbing walls of builtings,  and walking on roofs and rain gutters of big buildings.
I've always been fascinated with the fourth dimension. Then again I'm also a mathematician and a chemist.
I loved playing on these.  I'd let my 2 year old play on it if I could find one.
i loved these, the spider web ones, and the ones you just swing through to get from one side to the other
“We call it structure” — Bill Burr
When i was year 5 and 6, there was a group of six of us that would play "it" on the climbing frame. It consisted of three parts with bridge ladders attaching each dome, you were no allowed to touch the ground and the game was played super fast. Loved it.
Bro! You are 30???? You have some city miles on you!!!
I loved jungle gyms so much as a kid they were like the goals
We still have these in Tokyo. There's one in a local park just five minutes away, and another a bit further off. Kids seem to enjoy them. I've never seen any kid come close to falling off.
And now they are too dangerous and the insurance companies make us pull them out. Meanwhile, our kids get dumber!
There are plenty still around here in Japan.
Kids playgrounds are too safe nowadays. These need to make a comeback.
What a shame the US medical system
My playground's Jungle Gym was a 1950s model.  It featured cigarette lighters and ashtrays on each level.
Had one in my neighbourhood playground. Love it. Parents would freak out if we climb to the top, but the boys do it all the time, and might even jump down from the top... Ooh well...
I loved stuff like that as a kid!! My mother had an extremely unusually low level of concern about keeping me alive, which sometimes worked out great and other times not so much. But I had a great time climbing around on structures a lot like this, while completely unsupervised, with zero awareness that either of the above could ever be considered dangerous.
You should look up inverted cone shaped merry-go-round
They are fun🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
We called this monkey bars. The 2 parks we went to has cushy rubber mats under and extended out for safety.  I sometimes did back flips around the bars.
You should have climbed it. Such a British move making excuses..😂😂😂
I remember when I was about nine, entering our school playground and seeing our brand new dome jungle gym. The stamped of tiny children was only surpassed by the number of fingers that got stepped on. A decade and a half later I just learned that it was my grandfather who paid for it! The gift itself obviously brought me and many others so much joy, but finding that out now has brought it to a whole new level.
Bro your 30's looks like my dad's 60's, no offense 😂
I remember being terrified of these throngs when I was little. I had a good sense of risk. It wasn’t until I was a little older that I felt safe enough to have a go. Even children understand risk despite the state trying to nanny us.
We had one in Decatur, IL until about 10 or so years ago. We couldn’t understand it, this video makes me feel better about it
Hmm, society got rid of jungle gyms and ipads took their place. Effectively trading the low rate of minor fractures for a high rate of childhood obesity.
Or Old Rusty
You’re in your 30’s?    I would of guessed 48.
I'm glad that "rag-dolling" is a word.
There was one just like this at my school.  It seemed so much larger to me, then.
This style of jungle gym is all over the place in Japan.
Wouldn’t the higher-order version of left and right have 4 directions rather than 2?  Edit: wait… 8? It would be 8, right?
If you were "someone in thirties" you would climb it without thinking twice. Let's be honest - you're in your fifties
Fun fact: Sebastian's aunt Alicia Boole Stott also made important contributions to 4D geometry; and yet another of the Boole sisters married Wilfrid Voynich, a name that may ring a bell.
4D golf is this dads vision made real
Health insurance in the US isn't nearly as bad as homeowners insurance.   If you hurt yourself,  they will treat you.   They might argue that you only need 1 crutch,  but they're not going to deny your claim based on what you were doing.
"Mom, can we have hypercube?" "We have hypercube at home." The hypercube at home:  this is wild, I'm from Evanston, IL and had no idea that the jungle gym was invented so close to where I grew up, let alone its eccentric roots
Had one of these at our local small town park for decades. Looked almost identical
Children were not as stupid when this was built
I freaking hate them and always did
I've only just realised I've not seen a climbing frame in years but I had no idea they'd retired! I remember them in the 1980s. There are so many things like this that I don't realise have now gone. The other day I discovered that some people had never seen or heard of a Teasmade before. I guess I spent a lot of time just doing my own thing and didn't notice how many familiar things disappeared then became artifacts. I'm only in my 40s but it makes me feel somewhat old!
There was a jungle gymn just like that at a state park hereabouts until just a few years ago. I remember playing on it as a kid. Always preferred tire structures though - the few times I was allowed to play on them.
Sir Jimmothy Gungle, inventor
1920s kids were built different.
Dude was literally wrong from the start. We don't walk around on a 2D plane. Who told him that?
My town had one until about 4 years ago
I caught a crossbar to the lip swinging by my legs on a higher crossbar.  5/5 highly recommend for children and adults of all ages.
Would European medical insurance cover that?   "...US Medical insurance wouldn't cover..." y?
So...a grown man...is scared...of falling off...a jungle jim... See this piece of equipment was Specifically designed to prevent that...🙄 (smh)
This reminds me of that episode of Resses where the kids tried saving their jungle gym from being torn down. They sat on it while the dozers were coming in. The princliple called the parents to come get their kids and the parents started sharing their memories of the structure and ended up joining them in their cause. Ahh good times
I nominate you to be the host for the reboot of Connections.  Let's file the degrasse Tyson version under Highlander 2.
30s?
I remember a fantastic piece of play equipment growing up in France, these plastic orb and stainless steel tube structures that you could climb up via netting, this one had two bars running towards the ground from the top in a slide like fashion, so obviously we'd hook our arms around it and go down at a rapid speed, only problem was the bars diverged and got wider and wider the closer to the bottom till it chucked you off causing some nasty falls. No idea how you were ever meant to use that one safely
Okay listen. There's rule 34, and then there's Anja and Katja. 😇 Don't blame me. I don't make the rules.
While it isn't going to expand kids' minds into a new dimension, I do think that this kind of play is good at teaching spatial reasoning to a  developing brain.
I feel like the fun version of this is 3d spiderweb playgrounds💕
Kids in my generation were absolute hellions when it came to the jungle gym.  The most daring of them learned advanced spacial perception and extended their periphery for their whole lives.  They may not have achieved 4d awareness, but they did improve their 3d intuition.  Striving for the impossible many times improves the possible.
Tom Scott is in his thirties? I thought it was late 40s at best, no offense
1:55 3:00 Tom suffering for his craft.
We had a trim trail with a long wooden balance beam, I used to hook my knees onto it and hang upside down for ages.
kids love to climb stuff and kids fall and get hurt, it is the natural evolution of becoming a well rounded mentally stable adult.
I fell and rag dolled my little head more than once, and so did my friends. We are now in our 60s and are reasonably successful. Apparently, little heads were designed to be rag dolled as they fell. The reason the climbing gym is considered "dangerous" is because it doesn't fit into the modern esthetic of "safety." The modern equipment isn't any safer but it looks safer so parents can feal better. Children are designed to take a beating and they know it. That's why they play so rough sometimes.
Strange political plug masked as humor at 0:45 there
This is so much more exciting than modern designs... safetyism really has stolen from us
The Hintons: We want humanity to experience the fourth dimension   The universe: Best I can do is make you famous for inventing a box frame
There is still one at the old playground on the edge of town along with a merry go round.
I went to a really old school and we had this. I still remember my cousin becoming a pariah with the neighborhood kids because he broke both arms on the playgroind and they removed this and our big metal slide for more boring safe ones lmao. We were PISSED we couldnt concuss ourselves and slide down a a giant 400° baking sheet anymore
"And ragdolling down to the floor" brings back memories, one slip and you'd become a human Plinko chip🤕
Youre only in your 30s? Im 40 and you look like you could be me dad🤯
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff….        Ba-dum, tiss!
Medical insurance doesn’t care how you got hurt unless it’s a crime, bro. Don’t be afraid to climb.
Settle down. I was making the same structures with magnetix when I was 5
30s 😳
Wait this guy is in his 30’s?????
3:02 - "So perhaps if you can get kids to move around three dimensions intuitively--" They'd be the best gamers ever.
I miss playgrounds with jungle gyms, wood castles, and spiderwebs. One of the best parts of childhood and my own kids won’t get a shot
We can't have jungle gyms because kids in a wheelchair can't climb on them.
Jungle gyms never got replaced where I live, they just tore down every children's playground in the city. I'm just happy I got to grow up in an era where children had other things to do for fun besides being on an ipad all day.
RIP Jungle Gyms. Can you still find them anywhere in the US or Europe?
Too many kids today don't experience falling from a height and feeling the pain of it
His children were also interesting, becoming dedicated Maoists who spent long lives in China despite opposing the market reforms of Deng.
Why would this be one of those inventions that “had to happen?”
I thought he was at least 45 😂
Surrounded by trees it actually looks super fun to climb
In Ukraine, we also have these kinds of jungle gyms, yet one square of the structure is half the average human body size- so 1 kid size. When I was 7, I had to put my hands above my head to hold onto the top pipe of the square. Quite dangerous, but it brings up some good memories, I guess that you can call the Ukrainian ones a hardcore version of it, haha
Your us insurance doesn't care why you're using it. They love it, bro. You should've climbed.
He made a child plinko machine.
Lmao my home town! I remember climbing on that. It used to be in the elementary school playground
I was today years old when I figured out why Scotty says "Get down, it's not a climbing frame!" in Star Trek. I assumed it was a piece of repair equipment to climb on to reach elevated areas needing repairs (especially if you are a 4 foot tall bipedel crustacean). It was a jungle gym!
Am I the only one who thought it was bamboo? 😅
I liked playing in them. They were fun.
🎊🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊
I remember going to the mall one time and eating at the food court when it wasn't so busy. I looked around waiting for my brothers to show up, and saw this lonely dad talking to his son, probably 5 or 6, and the father was trying to teach his son to invest by using food as an example. The father was not enthusiastic, at all. In fact, the posture the father and son shared looked like either the mother passed away and it's all on him now, or they separated and that's the only few hours a week he has with his son. Either way, the kid did not want to learn and just wanted to eat while the father desperately want to pass some knowledge at too young an age. Seeing that jungle gym all rusted and neglected, adults forget they were kids too. I like the stories in fictional narratives where someone leaves a puzzle for the kid and when the kid has enough experience and knowledge, they can finally open the puzzle. Far more endearing with a long lasting connection of the shared knowledge. You can try mix fun and knowledge, but don't forget they're only kids for a short time. Let them be kids.
i remember how fun they were as a kid
My US health insurance would cover a fall from a jungle gym
We have these climbing frames in Bulgaria (eastern Europe) as part of out communist inheritance. Not so dangerous.   The real danger comes from that some children have not good physical development and cannot protect themselves. I personally have been climbing such climbing frames as a child and they were great fun with lots of possibilities :)
Broke my left forearm on one of those at age three. I'm one of the statistics that led to creating padded landing areas, instead of asphalt. ;)
Waitwaitwait hold up!    When did bigamy become illegal? The hell kinda crime is that?
We had one of these on my elementary school playground. One of my classmates fell while hanging by her knees, not just falling, but also hitting lower bars with her face.
Those were the best playground items.
I don't remember ever seeing this video so I got incredibly excited when I saw this video thinking YAY TOM IS BACK!... only to get kind of sad when I saw it was from a year ago, oh well just happy to find a "new" video from Tom Scott
I rather thought they were fun. Playgrounds today look boring and I noted just yesterday—all empty.
You keep saying 4 dimensions but space has only 3
Someone had to invent it, and that someone was called Sebastian Hinton. Experts believe that the most likely explanation for him being called this is because it was, in fact, his name.
I’m convinced that playing on jungle gyms as a child subtly influenced an interest in physics and concepts of dimensionality later in life, even if we didn’t consciously realize it at the time. Growing up, my neighborhood had a jungle gym, and I developed a fascination with these ideas. Interestingly, some of the smarter folks I know—who didn’t seem to share this intrigue—now think it’s odd when I show them the jungle gym I played on as a child.  I’m not claiming to understand dimensions better than they do, but I’ve always had questions about them that they wouldn’t think to ask. Maybe it’s because they’re practical enough to see the futility of such questions. Reflecting on this, I feel that playing on a jungle gym must have contributed to sparking my curiosity about these topics, even though I can barely comprehend them myself.
"I cannot climb on this thing, mainly because it is a historic monument" he said right before putting his hands around it, leaning on it, and going inside it
I liked the round semi conicle towers as a kid.
Is that irony when a mathematician is convicted of bigamy?(he considered 2 equal to1)
We would hang from our knees and then spin around doing flips. One time I didn't tighten into a small enough ball, hit my head, and knocked myself out.
Jingle gyms are nice
Not gonna lie, when i saw thumbnail i thought "hack their brains to what? Life behind bars"😂
a dutch guy is the inventor of the iglo shaped version of this! aldo van eyk
My childhood playground had a jungle gym of a very similar pattern, but in Queens, we called them "monkey bars"!
That is a jungle gym.
If your US medical insurance was provided by your employer, it probably covers an on-the-job fall from a Jungle Gym.  Under ACA-compliant insurance, you'll have to make your deductible and a copay until you hit your annual out-of-pocket insurance.  If you have one of those weird association plans...all bets are off.
The generations that played on them seem to have a better grasp of time and planning.....just saying.
Someone at his thirties?!
I want one.
30s? i thought this dude was in his mid 40s
Safety is overrated.
We had one of those at my elementary school in the 70s, but I never saw it hack anyone's brain. I did however see it split a kid's scalp open when he hung from his knees and swung back hitting his head on a lower bar.
I grew up with those and don’t remember any kid getting hurt on one. Those old, super tall swings are another story. Lots of broken arms from jumping off.
Cracked my chin on one and i have an Indiana Jones scar because of it 😂
Insurance being a reason why you can't live a little makes me really resent it. Insurance here is overpriced
Rip US medical insurance
Could you imagine, standing in the center of that well zombies trying to get to you having to make your way to the top😅
as a kid climbing on one of these i always thought the major saftey flaw was that the different layers weren't offset. if you fall in one column you fall all the way down, instead of one layer down
speaking of us medical insurance…
And here all along we thought it was just for climbing fun.  Who got on top of the monkey bars and walked on them?
My elementary school had a square one as well, but half way through my time there they tore it out for a circular one.
The thing is, folks were generally more responsible and capable back then
Your insurance absolutely would. I’m not sure why you would say such a blatantly false thing.
Time is the fourth dimension.
I remember a similar climbimg area at one of my old schools in like 2002 but it was more rounded out instead of so square
Man Tom Scott is truly one of the greats. Tom, wherever you are, we miss you.
Okay nobody watch this video in low quality, tom turns into a fuckin eldritch horror in the beginning.
Grew up playing on something like this and bigger.  We played tag on it all the time.  Great fun.  Then they took it down and put up something safer with ropes, wasn't as good as you didn't have the stability on the steel, then they got rid of that and put something even safer and we all stopped playing on it.
this is an example of only one playground attraction.  before the jungle gym there were still playgrounds and they weren’t any safer.
2024 Health and safety would never allow a climbing frame like the one in this video to be put in a children's playground.
3:00 that's really silly logic 😂 But you see that with a lot with people that are like really smart in certain areas but in others it's like "why would you think that would work"
Tbf, I think most of us have climbed on something like this before, made of rope instead of metal
I loved the jungle jim om the playground. Used to spend most of the break upside down on one. And we did used to play tag on it as well.
There was one of these on the playground at the elementary school I attended. I was an ardent climber, but the fear of falling through the bars deterred me from playing on that thing!
0:45 is the youtube algorithm showing me this, because of this joke? I hope so.
The psychotic obsession on “safety,”people have these days, boggles my mind. 🦦
There was one of these at my local park and I can remember the day I was too tall to walk round the bottom and hit my head on one of the cross bars, and the day I could reach and grab the top outer bar from the ground
Interesting, so much background. I saw one about  10-15 years ago in city, still operational whith kids on it.
No one anywhere has ever said paytent. It's patent.  Pa  -   tent. Why are people suddenly pronouncing words wrong these days? It's irksome.
These torture devices were so barbaric
nest week: those big tall slides they had started as an experiment in time travel
Here in London we had much larger, diamond-shaped jungle gyms with solid outer frames and ropes instead of bars throughout the core. They all went the way of the Dodo in favour of smaller, safer equipment. Coincidentally, I've rarely - if ever - seen any kids on the newer, safer ones.
For grammar school, I went to William P. Gray School, about 3700 North on Laramie Avenue in Chicago. The JungleGym there had a rounded top. My older brother used to jump from the top, onto the parallel bars. He was the only one in the school crazy enough to even TRY it. I could do the second rung, but not the top.
These are lots of fun and getting a little hurt helps you learn. Tag was indeed fun and challenging
When I was a kid, we still had old Soviet jungle gyms in the yard - it was nearly 3 meters tall and was genuinely dangerous. They were awesome!  All have been scrapped now, however.  P.S. never seen anyone fall from one.
It's aweful that kids dont have these to play on anymore. I loved thise things as a kid.
The baseball canon
Why was this recommended to me hours after teaching my kids “heads and shoulder, knees and toes”?
No one ever called it a climbing frame; its monkey bars.
Ragdolling to the floor 😂
Hey, it worked for some of us! Math 💛
My man turned a scaffold into a child's toy
Lololol the comment about US health care not covering a grown man doing natural animal things for a grown human.   Look out CEOs!!!
The cone shaped 'spider-web' style were my favourite as a child and yes, 3D tag was incredible.
This was a great video!
modern climbing frames that try to be overly safe are ironically more dangerous because kids have to go out of their way to experience challenge and risk which is inherently fun for kids, so they use the climbing frames in ways they weren't intended to, which ends up being less safe for them then old designs that dont focus on eliminating risk, but managing it.
Got I miss being a kid and climbing those...
I remember a couple that looked like that as a very young child. The interior structure was much more fun to climb. Fun is dangerous most times and if you fall its better to gave more bars to keep the fall slow and gradual i would think.
I believe somewhere a kid actually developed the 4D skill
DBD players: 💀
He is in his 30's??????? oop
Nice, i am from Germany and i played in these Jungle Gyms in the 90's in Kindergarden and outside. The distance of each bar was wider, but the Rest was the same "build" (Ofcourse, that means it was quiet a bit higher ;) I loved those Jungle Gyms, until the Spider came around. And a huuuuge Spider playground - thats were the fun really starts =D
What now? Why wouldn't a insurance cover an accident?
We had this on my elementary school playground in the 70’s.
My elementary school had one just like this in 2005. Never heard of anyone ever having problems, and it was in the kindergarten playground area. I used to live on that thing/in it.  3:10 As if that's not what a child brain already does to construct a functional world model.
The history of ‘old rusty’
Just under 4 minutes I feel like I watched a three hour documentary on jungle gyms!
We would climb up this big jungle gym it was 10/15 feet tall and we would all just jump off or get to the top and try and wrestle each other off and a lot of us just fell off. One kid broke his arm and the ambulance came and for a bit we were banned from using the jungle gym. Crazy
I would get on them and climb I don't know where x and y is or whatever you said is now
Ours use to be bigger and metal or whatever it was not that wood stuff and taller than that in elementary school because I remember it being real tall
We use to call them monkey bars we had a metal one on the playground when I was a kid in elementary school I use to climb it
This one blew my mind
0:44 "My US medical insurance won't cover this" That's a real heck of a good reason not to do something
US medical insurance not covering?  Sorry, we have many different insurers, and I’ve never yet heard of one not covering an injury for specific reasons or ages.  See, socialism lovers how he assumes he has to check all the boxes?  The biggest difference possible would be if it is work related or accident with someone else involved.  The other would be if it was deliberate as in “psychological problems”, threatening suicide, perhaps.
jungle gyms is exactly what I'd except the British to call it
not tall enough
Im 53 seconds in and this guy lets Americans live rent free in his head.
I read the thumbnail as "I didn't divorce"
Th Brits are so silly “climbing frame” hilarious
New play structures are 100% boring. Way too safe.
To perceive the fourth dimension, depending on what you think is such, is to perceive the flow of time, for time is by all rights a dimension. What we know of how time works is that we are always moving forward along it's dimensional axis and that space is correlated to time, being that time can be warped by space and so on. The perception of time may be one thing some of us have developed, but moving along time is not something humans are capable of, at least yet.   You think that if it were possible to move across time that we'd see creatures who have already evolved to do that, but in such case whose to say there aren't? The theory that, just potentially, more dimensions and states of existence are there that we can not see nor measure with our current methods that may contain the answers to this theory.
wait bigamy? as in bi-gamy? its not big-amy right
Wait... You're younger than me??
i thought that was wood, not, its metal
How is Tom still in his thirties 😮. He has the wisdom of a sage.
I love that climbing frames were invented so that children could learn how to think in 4D
He's only in his thirties?
As a grown man I wish we had a big adult one of these. Just seems like fun to my infantile brain.
It makes me sad, how safety becomes more important than playability in playgrounds. I remember playing on a good playground as a child, but then some parents came and complained, that they were too dangerous, so they got removed and children had nothing to play on.
wow
xd
the gyms these days, are literal garbage and nobody uses them
I recommend the novel Hinton by Mark Blacklock for people who want to read more about Sebastian's father, Charles Howard Hinton. The family had many extremely talented members, not least AI theorist Geoffrey Hinton, Charles' great-grandson.
Imagine if the idea worked, and suddenly you see a kid vanish into the fourth dimension on a jungle gym
When I went to primary school in Zürich (Switzerland) in the late 2000s my school had something really similar to this and it was absolutely beloved by the kids, around 2010 they replaced it with a brightly coloured supposedly ’safer’ thing that everyone hated. Having been raised in Switzerland, some of the students naturally started a petition (/referendum/initiative) to have the old playground put back, they got like 50 signatures before some teacher told them that they were not gonna accomplish anything because they are 10 and also the old playground is most definitely already trashed.
I definitely played 3-D tag on the jungle gym as a kid.
I taught at one of the elementary schools in Winnetka that had this very jungle gym.  It was the spot we took end-of-the-year photographs, many of which I still have and treasure to this day.  It was sad when they took it down to move to the historical society.
Persona 3 reload Elizabeth moment, I can’t believe Tom Scott is the next velvet room attendant.
Drop the freaking Zed for Z....it sound so freaking dumb and it was never used before Nikons Z body!
Your "U.S. medical insurance" wont cover you if you fall? You should shop around, that is shite insurance.
Wanna see you do the Old Witches Hats of our youth, the single most dangerous frame we played on upto them being banned in the 90s was it?
What did I primarily get out of this video?  That my health insurance plan may not cover injuries suffered from playing on playground equipment.  Now that's scary!
It's safer than climbing a tree.
When we colonize space his theory will come true
We had one of these in our local park. On a concrete pad. It always felt dangerous as a kid and that was part of what was fun about, say, standing on top of it.
I hate that an evil witch took away my childhood and banned jungle jims in schools.
I played on one of these nearly every school day in the 70's. Other than the giant slide, it was probably the most popular item on the playground. Fond memories!
Explains why I was so good at climbing and running around like a monkey
Wow this guys in his 30s
What I learned from this Video was mainly, that Marvel didn't come up with the Tesseract.
You can patent something you didn't invent. Why? Because patents exist to enrich lawyers, not to protect inventors.
I remember falling from the top and hitting my chin on a rung on the way down. Only happened once, I was more careful after that.
Such a dangerous implement of death. How did I survive this, swings with wooden seats and heaven forbid wooden seesaws !
Shout out to the Punjabi Prison Match
When I out grew the JungleJim I took to the trees for many many years.  Lego and the playground made us clever  think outside the box and very strong children.   Today I’m a tree surgeon ..go figure
Remember in high school when the teacher would take a fun topic then make it absolutely horrible, boring, droll and awful and by the end you didn't want anything to do with the topic. That's you mate.
Jungle gyms are the best!
Here in Manhattan one of our local playgrounds had a really big seemingly ancient version of exactly that thing until renovation a couple years ago. Now it’s a ropes version and the ground is cushy
Not all Americans are dumb...
The Bible is truth.  To understand this you must do the inner work Jesus Christ taught.  It all starts with forgiveness from the heart. Start by finding the grievances we all build up with our parents.  They have generally raised fed loved us to some degree. Looking inside, realizing that they are people who make mistakes too, and genuinely forgiving them everything shows an important aspect of your soul to God. Genuinely mean absolute forgiveness inside your heart.  This is key. To be forgiven we must forgive.  This step teaches you why Jesus Christ is lord, and why you need to break down to him and ask for forgiveness.  Afterwards read Genesis, Mathew,  and one book of the Bible you chose yourself.  These four steps have important spiritual significance and are like milestones within our souls.  Please trust me.   Genuinely open your heart up to God. It is all true.  Jesus Christ is the way truth and life. 😊
Your US medical insurance wouldn't cover a man in his 30s falling off a jungle gym? Who thinks that how medical insurance works? This guy clearly is an alien.
You just have to be self aware to play on one. Something kids these days lack
Incredible story
How do you even get injured in that thing
*falls inside* FULL PIECE !
Jungle gyms were so fun when I was younger
I remember these. Proper way to smash your face up when you fell through them or got legs caught and slipped..  They had bigger versions in UK public parks for kids in the 70’s/80’s
I broke my arm on a jungle gym.   Then my teacher said I did it on purpose and that I was just trying to get attention.  I didnt go to that school after that
still crazy to me as a german that noone talks about that us insurance probably wouldnt cover a man falling of a kids playground 😵
Shout out tj detweiler
I always wonder how Tom can come up with so interesting videos...
This effer patented sticks?? Hat a broken system
Why ignore the real name which is Monkey bars.
So what does hack kids brains mean ?
35 year old guy cant bend down and go under with out grunting in pain.
NGL I love these things.
30s? i thought you were older
Almost killed meself many a time in NYC on them things.
What was that stab at the US medical insurance bs
How very dare you leave us!😢
I know a decendant of charles, Geoffrey Hinton, famous for his (massive) contributions to AI :)
I probably lost a solid 10 IQ points falling on my head from one of these
In My country we called that The monkey cage, La jaula de los monos. Anywhere else?
Im deeply surprised, that Mr. Scott was in his 30s in this video.
He is IN HIS THIRTIES?
That is exactly like the one at my grade school when I was there.  I bet it was that old too.
wait WHAT? Your MEDICAL insurance controls what you feel safe to do???
It's crazy that his initial idea was good enough and tested ethically enough it actually substantiates retesting today
I LOVED them as a child! I'm disgusted that they're no longer available for kids.
The thing about "dangerous architecture" you have to keep in mind, is that it's much more appealing to kids than "completely safe" architecture. If you're a kid, and something looks like you could break an arm or your neck on it, then of course you'll want to play on it. I miss the good old days...
The owner of the patent also had stocks in a company that manufactured Tetanus vaccines.
I busted a tooth out on one of those in venezuela
Growing up in the 60s these were a staple on the playground. I broke my arm on one but still glad I got to experience them.
We had one just like this at nursery. It was red. We used to jump off the top at other kids when the adults weren't looking.
My school had a jungle gym that looked more or less exactly like that, except the bars were all welded together rather than bolted.
All I’m thinking now is how I could make an adult size one, probably just double the size and we’re off the the races/hospital
Where I attended primary school, in Saskatchewan (Canada), the town placed two large steel culverts for kids to climb on and run through. They were made of a solid tube of 1/2 steel. Now it turns out that these heavy tubes can be rolled around, if you have enough kids to do so.   So on one particular occasion, in the central park of the town, we pushed this steel tube in front of the slide. Everyone laid down to slide through it...except me. I pretended to be a WW II pilot, gunning down the Red Baron. My brother said it looked like the blood exiting my head was propelling me through the tube. I received 5 stitches and a lovely little scar.  My brother, however, was not as lucky as I was. At school one day, the kids found that they could roll this steel tube up a small hill. The idea was to push it up the hill, jump inside, and roll down to level ground. That is, of course, until my brother rolled out of this steamroller, catching his arm under the tube, which pushed his bicep muscle out of a tear in his arm. They managed to push it back in at the hospital...but he was sore for a long time.  The next day, these steel culverts were removed from the school and park. Now, obviously, placing these culverts in playgrounds was not smart. But that doesn't mean that we can prevent our children from doing dangerous and stupid thing. If they don't fall off a jungle-gym, they will fall out of a tree. We can try to protect our children, to the point that they will become bored with all these 'safe' areas and 'safe spaces'...but then they will not develop physically or mentally. They will become crybabies, consummately hanging onto Mother's apron strings, so-to-speak...never being allowed to push themselves.  Kids need to be challenged and will naturally push themselves beyond their competence...until they become competent in their goals...be it climbing, running, fighting, playing games, or navigating through a jungle-gym. There will always be an element of danger in what they do...but that's why God made them pliable and flexible...so they don't die when they take a fall...or scrape their knees...or cut their heads on a large steel tube.
That’s awesome
holy
I just liked pretending it was a house
We had the dome style jungle gym, and we would pretend we were going from dimension to dimension through the triangles as we climbed through them.
I have a memory of playing in one of these as a child. I don't remember where it was, but I think it wasn't the only one I played in. The particular memory I have includes another kid who claimed he could hang by his chin from the bars. He wouldn't do it though because he said the last time he had done it, he had to go see a doctor.
Hey..Yall remember those large diameter merry-go-rounds..You would find two of the biggest kids you could to spin it..cuz ya knew a few of ya gonna get slung off..and still get back on it..We were tough children when l was a kiddo..
Thank you for the information. I never knew that. When I was young I went to school in a rural area. We had one of these for a few years, and they replaced it. When I was 10. When you sed, " hit their head and rag doll down to the ground." I laughed way too hard. Like I did when it happened. ( to other kids) not when it happened to me. Injuries were common. Thus, the replacement.
Interesting. We had one of these when I was in elementary school. It was very old and wobbly by that point (1990s). But we still enjoyed it.
I always wondered if i'd become one of those super protective parents. Nope. I dont want my 2 year old to hurt himself, but im far more worried about him never hurting himself.
"the design is very human"
We had one at our wreck
Not where I thought this video was going with the phrase “hack kids’ brains”. But much more enlightening.
I was only half listening until Charles Hinton was mentioned, who i had heard of.
We called them monkey bars when I was a child.
Strange to be so obsessed with safety  given the family background of extreme sports
Trees were more interesting.  Also the ground was softer.  My sister had her head stepped on by another child and cut her chin open.  After that we only climbed trees.
Dbd
they finna be convicting me of bigamy tonight 💀
We had a lot of these were instead of it being metal theyre like elastic straps you can strongly hold and climb onto but if you fall youre just safe, the worst case scenario is you slightly injure yourself
loved jungle gyms as a kid
Every playground had at least one of these when I was a kid.  They taught me one thing: the world is trying to hurt me.
Why havent we just made a really big one and allowed anyone to climb it
i only see this as another exercise of brits messing up English more than their ex-colonies do.
I keep at least 2 kids who broke their arms on one of those.  I loved the jungle gym!  I would play on an adult sized one anytime.
If we wanted kids to build insight into the fourth dimension by moving in three dimensions, we would probably need to spend the majority of our time traveling in three dimensions. I don't even know why that would build insight into the fourth dimension, though... maybe the reason we have insight into three dimensions is because we DO move in three dimensions, and do everything in three dimensions?
I looooved the one I plyed in public park. It was in schape of a train.... Plying tag was the best...
So they got rid of asphalt play grounds, tall slides, jungle gyms, and merry go rounds. Then extreme sports started.
those jungle gyms remind of the cages the Viet Cong use to tie up their captured US soldiers in and torture them....my PTSD is coming back....
Ahh, the good old days, when kids learned risk assessment and consequences (thus critical thinking) at a young age.  When people knew how little words hurt, because skinned knees and bruises as a child taught them what was real, and what was imaginary. When we cocooned kids less in bubble wrap, but more in trust of the judgement they have been taught, and learned on their own.
Under 1 min and was able to dunk on our terrible healthcare system 😂😢
In our kindergarten playground, we had a jungle gym. As far as I know, nobody ever got hurt on it. Personally  I dont know how you can. Where are you going to fall, 6 inches to the next bar?
In the south we called them monkey bars.
I remember playing on one of those when I was in the second grade.  Yes we played tag on it
I did develop a "fear' of ping ponging down the inside.  I would climb all over the outside, but was always "scared" of climbing inside.
We had one in the elementary school I attended. It was welded not clamped.(1966-1974 school years) Only one person was injured on it during my time there (k-6) Ronnie Long did a back flip off the top and landed on his head. He could have done that on any play ground equipment.. It was fun.
Kids can find innovative ways to do dangerous things as they are growing up.  The Jungle Gym was one of the more benign examples of this.
Strange marketing name. Can't imagine working one's way through a jungle and suddenly coming across a "gym" like that.
"3 dimensional tag". me and my brothers used to play a game called blackout on the huge jungle gym our elementary school beat, the person who was chasing had to keep their eyes closed, the people who were hiding could never touch the ground....so we invented some crazy escape moves like jumping off the spiral slide half way down and grabbing a ledge to pull you rslef back onto one of the platforms leading up to the slide.  also balancing on top of the monkey bars hoping that the person who was it wouldn't reach up and tag your foot... fun times
That's just bamboo scaffolding
When I was a kid (1960s) we used to play tree tag in the branches of the large spread-branched breadfruit tree down the street.  By unspoken agreement we never mentioned the game around parents for fear they'd make us stop.  Compared to that, I'd have to say the patent jungle gym was indeed safer.
Imagine he leaned on it and it fell apart
Clearly it's time to build a tesseract jungle gym
if this dude still lived today he'd be my friend
This is a great conversation starter
I loved jungle gyms! I miss those f-ers
Winnetka that's where home alone house is at
I loved playing tag on our jungle gym. It was an octogonal structure rising up by 2 foot pipes, each getting smaller in cross section. At the top, four pipes went up another 3 or 4 feet. and the connected in a cross in the middle. I loved playing tag, jumping from bar to bar, up to the top and then swinging across the X to the other side.  Unfortunately, one day I played in my gloves and my hand slipped and I fell six feet or so to the asphalt. I limped for a couple of months afterward.   This was in the 60s, probably about 1964. I was 8.
I miss being able to climb on jungle gyms :(
I remember it at my school — haven’t thought of this in years! Thanks for bringing it back to mind.
Molly-coddling begat whining Whining begat excuses Excuses begat social collapse  Or, we could let the kids accept a modest responsibility for their lives.  Just saying
Danger and injuries build character. All the safety we have built into everything is ruining the world.
I grew up with equipment that was actually fun. I didn’t know one single kid that was seriously hurt. Back then a scraped knee or blisters on your hand didn’t cause anyone to freak out. They gave us credit for being able to learn some skills. Things like watching what happens to the older kids and determining our own skill set. We also had a keen sense of self preservation. Yes, if you slipped on the monkey bars, you grabbed on to other bars
This push for “safety” is what’s killing society and forcing us to idiocracy.
There is a 10 story museum in St. Louis Missouri That is essentially a adult/teen jungle gym, you’re welcome.
Why is everyone looking for the fourth dimension nowadays, the only evidence for its existence is that a 2d being does not know what a 3d world is. Have you seen random objects partially appear ever in your 3d world? Because the 2d world is being cut and the 3d creatures regularly appear partially. In fact the 2d world does not exist outside of theory so does that not mean the 4d world definitively does not exist as its not theorised?
My elementary school (and town playgrounds) were old but in great condition so in elementary school we still had these types!! Even in 6th grade or so the town playground still had a contraption similar to this, and the big park at the end of my neighborhood had a dome variety and a— get this, a merry go round. You never see those anymore 😭 eventually when I was in 8th or 9th grade they built a rock climbing wall and started taking down some of the old playground equipment (the rock wall was REALLY well done though!). I haven’t been back in over a decade now though and my little town is now an over developed burgeoning city so who knows what they have now 🥲  (City: Oviedo, FL circa 2001-2010 playground by Lawton elementary/across from OHS and the playground near the end of alafaya woods)
We had this exact jungle gym, only much larger and higher, on my grade school playground.  It was not set in bark dust or rubber, but right into the asphalt of the playground.  It was scary and we paid attention when we sat on top of it to eat lunch.  No one ever fell off it.
The adult version of this is the scafolding they use in construction sights
Idk if it’s the same in other parts of the uk but in Scotland we typically call them spider webs as now they’re made of rope and steel and are some what bouncy and the shape inadvertently resembles a spider’s web, never ever fell off myself but still have scars from hitting my head loads of times and that was a much safer version
So good, thank you.
Jungle jims was the best thing when i was a kid they dont want kids to actually have fun and get in shape anymore I guess they might get a boo boo just give them a tablet and access to the internet
This was my childhood go to!  I loved the jungle gym.   Just looking at the one in your video brought back many, many memories.   Our school's jumgle gym was that exact version.
My school had a dome climbing frame, plus a set of monkey bars attached on either end to a set of horizontal poles you could climb, at the other end of which were 1 medium height horizontal bar for swinging around, and a tall height bar for swinging around. My recesses were always hanging off those swinging bars by my knees or sitting on them and hanging alternately.
Thats not how US health insurance works. Its not like car insurance where they will deny you based on how the damage occured.
I have one in my backyard in better condition than this. It’s super old. Hurt like a mf when I’d fall and slam my chin on it when I was little. My grandpa was the principal at a high school in the 60s and they were getting rid of it so he just brought it home
Your medical insurance does not care how you were injured
Busted my lip on one off them, it was gone the next year, I was sad, teachers are to soft on kids
Tetanus express
I went to an elementary school in Eugene Oregon between 2006 and 2009 and we had one of those
I was happy to learn about this. Thank you!
Of course your insurance would have covered it if you fell off a jungle-gym.  Sure medicine and insurance aren't free in the US, but if you've paid you should get any necessary service regardless of the cause.  See in economics you either have price rationing or systematic rationing.  Because in the UK you don't have price rationing you have systematic rationing.  And you are assuming we have to have it worse than yourselves in every dimension because the internet has meme'd it true.  When in reality it's trade-offs.
For every british man telling the world about history there is an implied underhanded comment that americans use the wrong term
If there's no jungle gym to climb kids will climb walls, fences, trees and small structures.
I dunno, you could probably do a big survey on kids who played with jungle gyms as adults and those who didn't and test them to see on average if there's an intelligence difference, particularly with mathematics and spatial relations. I bet there's a difference.
It's fine, they have bones like rubber at that age.
Can't imagine having to debate my health insurance status before climbing a jungle gym💀
Nowadays, I think the modern version of this is the rope towers that I see on modern playgrounds. I think it's a good balance. It has the same purpose, but it's a lot safer. If you fall, you aren't banging your head on metal. You just fall down some rope.  That, or climbing domes and monkey bars, which is what I grew up with in the 2000s. I guess they're not really the same, but it's the closest thing to it that I grew up with.
No, we called them Monkey Bars...
kinda miss those
I hated these as a child, they were boring and I much preferred climbing trees instead.
I think the basic idea was good but could be improved upon. Picture something with a structure more similar to a trees with nets near the bottom. You could put multiple next to each other, add hammocks, even club houses!
The idea that we move around primarily in two dimensions is very silly. We move around exclusively in three dimensions.
Those were still around in the 1970’s when I was a kid. I used to love climbing around on those! Fortunately I never got injured.
I doubt an American inventor's father would have "called out Zed 4".😉😉
OMG we had that climbing frame in my school yard in the 70s. In those days health and safety hadnt been discovered, so  it was on a hard concrete base and i got a few bruised knees.
I much prefer the older, geometric designs of jungle gyms, climbing frames and kids play ground equipment in general. I was born in 1992 and have slowly watched the old designs of playground equipment be phased out for much more plasticky, rounded, squat designs that used to only be reserved for pre schoolers and toddlers. You used to have the more challenging and engaging climbs for the older children still on the same playground. Not so much now though, all new playgrounds look like boring toddler playgrounds.
This was an ingenious idea. I wouldn't call this structure dangerous and my ancestors, descendants, and I myself have climbed worse in our sleep. Accidents can just happen. People can get dizzy for the most trivial reasons sometimes and fall over walking. If you hit your head on the wrong thing, that's that. Find a structure and a lawyer will find someone who hurt themselves on it. Some things can be almost inherently unsafe, even with the most cautious treatment. This isn't one of them.
fantastic video. Thanks for posting.
Having played on these as a kid, personally I think we're overly litigious.  Kids need to get bumps, scrapes, the occasional mild cut, burn, etc.  Bike riding with a helmet - definitely!  Also climbing trees, digging in the dirt, catching frogs at the local pond/creek, spin around until dizzy and fall over to look at the clouds, learning to swim, etc.  Teach them that limits exist, then let them experiment within and with the edges of those.  Ya can't wrap them up in bubble-wrap - as some point in their lives they will enter into their maturity (legally an adult).  Would be good for them to have some maturity when they do.
Thought Tom was 40?
I’m going to miss you so very much Tom.
When I was a kid, these were made of metal, rusted and left huge memorable cuts and scars. They were then banned by the EU.
just cover the frame in rubber and add something at the bottom to reduce the impact should a kid fall and it would be safe. instead they just removed it.
It really ticks me off that jungle gyms are considered inherently too dangerous for children to play on. How are cihldren ever going to develop any strength or resilliance if everything around them is squishy soft and pain-free all the time?
When I was at school they got us to climb on bars and hinged out from the wall that went all the way up the to ceiling in the sports hall, and it was quite a high ceiling. No safety stuff and a hard wood floor.  For the 1920's this is quite safe in comparison to what my school had in the 90's. Nobody fell off though.
You remind me of Mr. Wizard in a way. The presentation style.
I grew up in the US in the 70s. I climbed jungle gyms. But mostly, I played in abandoned land by the highway. I didn't die. Parents are WAY TOO PROTECTIVE!!!!  I went to a school sanctioned thing about child abuse and my parents just sent me out to the woods again. Your children are safe-- or at least as safe as you are. Are you safe? You should get a gun.
As a kid we played the H in them.  Loved them and to my knowledge no kid was ever seriously hurt. You would knock a head or crack a nut but soon learned to be more aware.  Funny as a boomer they complain about supporting our numbers so evidently our ‘dangerous’ toys didn’t impact our numbers.
You're right, your US Health Insurance will cover only one thing: Debt collection for people who fail to pay their medical bills
I climbed on a jungle gym as a kid, and then went on to design tesseract dungeons for my D&D campaigns in my teen years. So, mission accomplished.
I fell from the top of one all the way to the ground, hitting the back of my head on every level down. To be fair, it was wet, and I was not seriously injured, probably because I was 9 and made of rubber at that age.
Huge hot metal slides that burnt your skin were another perk of being a child in the 70s.
Wait until he covers giant inflated "potatoes". Those falls were dangerous !
There's some joke to be made about the directions "ana and kata" and the characters _"Kat & Ana"_ of _WarioWare_ fame. Of course, their names, and presumably the names of the directions are simply a reference to the katana... hmmm. I wonder if _that's_ what inspired _The Ninja Sword of Nowhere (1989)_ and/or _The Mystic Ōdachi (2018)?_
Four dimensional tag
Really? These were meant to simulate 4d in our 3d world? I.... actually don't find that hard to believe, considering it's remenicent of how you'd draw a 3d shape on a 2d paper
Very interesting vid i did not know this
3 dimensional tag seems like I game I'd play today.
"hack"
Oh thank god, the title made me think this was a documentary about a serial killer
Tom Scott is in his thirties?!
The fact that Tom struggles to even going around in that jungle gym is literally me in my 30s
loved these as a child in the 1950s.
How can your health insurance not cover you if you fall while climbing a jungle gym?
Where i live theres stuff similar to this Its made of rope attached to a big beam in the middle and its kinda like a web
As a child who climbed on these, bumps and falls were invariably part of living, and you were light enough that any damage usually wasn't permanent. But there were the outlier cases. You cannot be sheltered your entire childhood and expect to be prepared to enter the adult world. A little element of danger is a good thing. It teaches situational awareness, coordination, builds self-confidence, lets you test your limits, and develops a proper respect for 'cause and effect'.
Hey kids, come play on this scaffolding!
Had a lot of fun on them.  But hack our brains?  As in condition us to live in cubicles?
I just realized I’ve never seen the term in writing and from my kidbrain it’s always been “Jungle Jim”. 😂😂😂
you know, maybe we're being TOO safe with playground designs nowadays. kids need to get knocked around a little, otherwise they grow up not knowing how to manage pain properly and therefore are extremely risk averse.
Wow! Very cool.
I had on in my yard and fell through the center once, only once
He was probably really interested in the fourth dimension so he could hide his wives there.
Recently, a new sort of climbing frame has emerged in the past 2 decades. I think it's called a Matrix, Play Net, or Climbing Web. They're massive 3D nets of rope that you climb on.  Personally, they're one of my favorite new additions to playgrounds and schools, and they do work really well for things like 3D tag.
"none of them developed any four dimensional insight" lmao reminds me of Mother Horse Eyes
I still remember getting scraped by those protruding nuts and bolts.   Still it was mostly fun.
We used to put a brick on the trampoline and play dodge the brick. Loser would pay for mountain dew
I loved those
Damn
we had one in my kindergarten playground, but it was like...lord of the flies on that thing.
Safety. Looks like it was made to torture kids.
Safe? Why make things safe? I survived playing on contraptions like this!!!
So loved playing on those as a child!  Thanks for the backstories!
bro really was playing 4D chess.
Direct proportion in the increase of saftey in childrens toys and the irresponsibility and lack of discipline as they got older.😂 bring back the danger cube!!!
You're innyour 30s? You look 50😂
It's funny as someone who grew up with severely bad knees I always dislocatd them and got hurt. The one place on the playground I didn't get hurt were the monkey bars bc I just used my arms and wouldn't jump off like the other kids when I was done. Most dangerous kids toy is my safest in life.
instead of falling directly to the ground, kids fall like cartoon villains, hitting every obstacle on the way down
now tell us the history of those climbing frames shaped like helicopters that were all over the UK during my childhood and which have since seemingly almost completely died out!!! anyone else miss those??
Moral of the story: Physical activity is the majority, but learning math while having fun is for the minority.
I just went to visit this today! It was a great time visiting the Historical Society's museum, takes around an hour.
the jungle gym at the playground i went to as a kid was like 12 feet tall, i remember the shady high school kids who would hang out there couldn't even jump and reach the top
Played on a similar construction in the 70s. Great fun. All the playground stuff (jungle gym; swings; see-saw; roundabout; slide) was set in concrete bases. If you fell off, you got hurt! Taught us to be careful.
No , they were called monkey bars . Jungle gyms came out with ladders and extra things to climb , and play on later .
These and those big rope web jungle gyms are where moms learn to have mini heart attacks and learn their children are more agile than they thought.
Up until two years ago, when NYC Parks Department renovated the playground near my son's elementary school, there was a larger version of this structure. It was glorious. All the kids loved it. Sad to see it go.
wtf tom is in his 30s he looks way older tbh
This guys in his 30s?!
Imagine how many teeth have been lost on those things over the years
Tom is in his 30s????????
The design is identical to the ones on my grade school playground in the 1960s, except that the tubes on the more modern ones were welded together. I'm sure those U-bolts tore some clothes and gashed some skin.
There are scientists who consider time the fourth dimension, so if the children become aware of time while they play on the jungle gym, then they have grasped the fourth dimension. The reality is though that many kids likely lose track of time while playing on the jungle gym. A side thought: whenever jungle gyms are mentioned, I'm reminded of how having a cast on my arm from falling off a slide a home didn't stop me from playing on the jungle gym at school. That happened to be on a day when a safety inspector was visiting the school, and I'm told that I embarrassed the principle climbing the jungle gym with a cast on a my arm.
There is a huge odd shaped jungle gym / monkey bars in a park near me. Its large enough for adults to climb on as it towers over me. Its an odd mix of metal bars and this netting (i sort of think the netting may be metal too?).
Not "Jungle Gyms" – "Monkey Bars"
I LOVED jungle gyms as a kid, we used to play tag in them. Kind of like the competitive tag people do now.
the idea of "hacking" our mental evolution could conceptually work though, but I'd guess playing the occasional game isn't enough to achieve that. You'd have to literally live in that 3-dimensional environment 24/7 probably
Surely his dad's climbing frame constituted a public disclosure of the invention, invalidating his patent?
2:24 a cannon?
Certainly an era where extremely basic ideas simply hadn't been done yet commercially and it was This Easy to patent and grow a company. We're not going to have a ping pong era or a skateboard era again. we've now got to invent something more novel than rockets that land themselves to be a creative or an inventor....sad i missed my opportunity by 40-80 years
I played on one of those growing up in the 90s.
Jokes on them the kids that understood higher dimensions just couldn't find their way back hence why he had no results
Tells you all you need to know about US medical system.
0:55 "Pay-tent"  How have I never heard that one before?
One of these I played on had been mounted in a solid concrete base to make it wiggle less and therefore safer.  ALL of us kids weren't enough to make that particular Jungle Gym sway from side to side.
I have to say, this absolutely reminds me of a 'jungle gym' from my elementary school play ground. We had two, maybe three actually. Even the two middle areas with taller access, where framed,  seems familiar enough that it might be the exact configuration. That area was always the most dug out. Ours was green, iirc. Also seems like there was one particularly injurious incident in there somewhere. Had NO idea their origin. Thx!
US medical insurance covers all emergency cost, no matter how stupid it was.
my brother busted his head open on one of these old things
We just climbed all local trees and cliffs in the area without adult supervision.  Sometimes I'm amazed I survived childhood.
Waiting for someone to develop training to enter the Mirror Dimension, which I hope Tom will also do a video about.
We had a bigger version of one of these in my local playground when I was a kid, which was about 15ft high.  My party trick was to climb to the top, hang from my arms and then let go, breaking my fall by catching the next rung and then instantly letting go as I plummeted groundwards. Great fun! I did this countless times and never hurt myself once.😀
We had one of these in our school playing area at Port Regis School in Kent, when I was at school back in the 70s
It used to be a "Big Noise" back in the day...
"And by 'baseball pitching machine', I mean a gun.  He made a gun that shoots baseballs.'
What does he mean we walk in 2d ??
When I was about 5, I was playing on one of these in South Africa. I was swinging from one of the top bars and one of my "friends" tickled me and forced me to let go, I ended up landing awkwardly on my wrist, which led to a break through both wrist bones. I still suffer from occasional pain nearly 30 years later.
Yes,you'd be covered.
It's perfectly safe. People who don't think this is safe is are the kind of people who wear safety helmets on bicycles.
In NY we call these Monkey Bars not jungle gym
Hacked? Was hardly a challenge sir.
I feel like the premise of "humans mostly move around in 2 dimensions" is flawed at best.
Me used to ragdolling down but not this jungle dimension. Shout out for pioneer created this childhood stuff
We need adult sized versions of this, and adults are kind of the worst so maybe a law that says you cant sue if you were having fun so they don't all get taken down
Would have made much more sense if made with bamboo.
He made kids aware of their surroundings and developed spontaneous hand eye coordination, without even knowing it.
Great in the wet or when icy, I remember them plus even more dangerous ones, in Scotland these were great in concrete playgrounds, no kids wrapped in cotton wool back in those day
I knocked my front teeth out on a metal one of these, fun times 😅
If his dad invented it when he was a young boy I don't think he should have been able to get a patent, it has to be a new invention not an as-yet-unpatented old invention. Prior Art is the term. AIR, IANAL. There was a "jungle gym" in the park playground near my house as a youngster but ti wasn't a set of cubes like that, it was a jumbled mess of metal pipes. Practically more "modern art" than a piece of playground equipment.
People that think, this is too dangerous might even decline their children climbing trees. Or ride with a bicycle helmet... Also: I never liked these, when I still fit in them.
In 1920, only the strong survived recess
I like the rope climbing structures that build a pyramid around a central pillar and are filled with lots of poligons created from rope joined by metal couplers. They can get quite high.
So many memories of kids losing their teeth at recess. Those were simpler times.
Thats just kindergardens natural selection system
Now we have kids with 70+ vaccines that are scared of the sun
Tom came to winnetka. That’s wild.
These are also in South Africa, strongest infrastructure the government ever built.
We had a huge pirate ship climbing frame in the town park it was ridiculously tall at the crows nest and it was surrounded by concrete, fell off that so many times, there was no need to play the ground is lava, the concrete was dangerous enough. One day I went to the park and it was gone, now there’s a 2ft tall hedge maze there, I hate this health and safety bs
Very comparable to the big spiders web towers made of mostly rope. Presumably rope being a touch safer done is softer and probably easier to grab for small hands.
We had exactly this shape of climbing frame in debohun park in Southgate north London. Just thought it was a climbing frame, not the original design.
Even the most commonly used unnatural items we use unconsciously were once in someone's head for ages
There are versions in germany made out of thick rope. They have some flex and are a little less harmful. But still nowhere save. :D
I would have thought they were invented by a Mr Junglegym
Wow! So much culture can be learned from a simple playground toy. Me, a 90's kid in Brasília, Brazil! So far away from the place of invention. They have been replaced by safer toys here, too, but it's still kinda common to see in older public playgrounds. Now I really want to take my kid in one of these and see his reaction!
It's interesting that it was so strong with the absence of triangles
You talk about medical insurance like it's product insurance and conditional on proper treatment of the "item"... doesn't work that way .
I loved those climbing frames. We're a brilliant design. And adults were just too big to use them
Back in '81-82, I was 3-4 years old, I broke my left shoulder in one of those things,
i thought it was wood for a second, nope is is just VERY rusty
Use colored tape to make 3D twister it’s really fun
So tom is in his 30s. I couldn't tell if he was in his teens or his 60s
If you thought Charles Hinton was related to S.E. Hinton, congratulations! You are:     WRONG
We used to try to stand staight on top most bar either alone or with someone facing each other
There was a nasty accident in my local park. A young boy in a white cowboy suit and round glasses was playing on a climbing frame when it collapsed, pinning him to the ground. Fortunately a passer-by heard him shout "The monkey bars are on me!"
We called them "monkey bars." I fell off while swinging and landed flat on my back and got the wind knocked out of me. I thought I was dying. Good times! I learned that it wasn't fatal.
We called them Monkey Bars.  To climb to the top and look out over the rest of the playground was great.   It was a perfect complement to the metal slides and metal swings that retained heat on a brutally hot summer day.   We survived and just dealt with the conditions.
The insurance joke is so far off that it was impossible to land a punch line. Do insurance companies in Europe not cover specific instances because they deem it unsafe?
I have the scars to prove how much fun climbing frames are.
Closest we had to that at school when I was younger was the Monkey bars.
Really? US medical insurance doesn't cover accidents? "Hey, it looks like you have been injured... we are sorry... we don't cover that..." 🤣
In his 30’s? Ok Tom Scott 😒
My school had a big one with two broad arches that intersected in a cross shape.  I got so that I could walk up, over, and down without using my hands.  Good times!
2:30 proof every scientist is just an Alakazam Warlock in Coaching.
He could have just let them watch Interstellar.
1 question: Why is marrying to multiple wives illegal? Nobody could answer it to me or any of my wives yet.
It'd be cool to build that out of bamboo.
Ho I remember the days, when  smart people also had children...
SO TOM SCOTT IS SOMEWHERE IN HIS 30'S?! finally we know his age
I'm only 34 but my elementary school had old tractor and car tires for a play ground some of which were partialy buried in the ground vertically and a very large geodesic dome that you were ment to climb. From the top of the dome you could see all the frisbees and balls stuck on the roof of the school.
Why did I laugh when he said a child hitting his head and ragdolling towards the floor.  Hell here I come.
I loved these as a kid. Sadly they were removed halfway through elementary so I got to see that part of my childhood torn down
it's amazing how far we've regressed as a civilization. Imagine how much further we could be if more concepts like this were the standard in public education.
My school had one like it in Queensland Australia, in the 90's. I broke my glasses when i hit my face on it in year 3.
Don't worry, US medical insurance doesn't care how you got hurt. It'll get you fixed up regardless ;)
Based on the thumbnail I half expected Tom to start by saying "They finally locked me up so I can't show up around the world at random anymore"
Great job on another healthcare joke. Just never say where a vast majority of medical advances and patents come from
That thing worked great for bully avoidance. If you're good at climbing that thing (like I was), it makes you hard to catch.
We called them monkey bars.
Such a weird coincidence; I did fall off one of those. And I did ragdoll all the way down to the bottom as described, hitting every pole on the way down. I have also had a lifelong fascination with extra dimensions...  ...Well the answer is obvious; we just gotta start yeeting kids into these things from the top and let em bounce like pinballs!
Im gonna hook my kids up to a VR headset an have them explore a 4D space that way.
i want to play 3d tag
I cut my head open falling out of one of these when I was 3.  Dad sewed me up, and I still have the scar 50 years later.
Anything you build out of a set of pipes, for kids, is a magnet for head injuries, both minor and major
It's safe, I loved it and it kept me out of plenty of way higher way more dangerous trees.
from the title I was thinking this vid might be about head trauma.
if only he realized that 3d space is hexagonal, not cubic. same with time, really, but oh well
2:34 To be fair, with his work on the fourth dimension, if he wasn't actively with both wives at the same time and place he could argue that he was married to them in 2 isolated time periods that crossed through each other but never intersected like 2 out of phase sine waves :)  Were the wives named 'Ana' and 'Kata' by any chance?
You are not in your 30’s. Why lie to us. You seriously could pass for 50.
I remember as a kid, watching the America cartoon "Recess" and thinking how amazing their jungle gym looked. I honestly dreamed of having something like that in our school.  Instead, our school had large section of flat asphalt, and a small patch of grass. We were expected to just find something to keep us entertained by ourselves. This was in the late 90's/early 2000's
I wish we’d make adult versions of these. I’d still like to play on them in my 30s
"...attempt to teach the fourth dimension..."   - me think it was a success - compare 19thC till 21stC literature & entertainment - Time & Space is EveryWhere  !🇨🇦
I tried playing on a JG when i was a kid, hit my head once and then never again gone near it.
My primary school has the exact same design of jungle Jim, except it was welded together. The two cubes on top and the missing bars are unmistakable. The good old days where survival of the fittest outweighed protecting children from harm.
Never thought about one in a pool.... would have loved that as a kid!
I'm an adult and still looks fun. Not going to lie.
It worked if one fell and banged its head in the back a bit.
This looks nothing compared to what we had on playground in Eastern Europe. There were structures similar by the concept, but of a different shape. In fact they were of a shape of a football ball: only the edges of penta- and hexagons. It was hollow inside and higher than this in the video. So if you'd fall - you'd be falling good 3 meters straight to the ground.
Kids on their 2D monitors will go through life missing a critical part of being human
Dang you're in your 30s? No wonder people keep thinking I'm still in high school. Wow.
I teach year 3, and give my students some time every week to use the climbing frames, monkey bars and balance beams in the KS1 yard. Building the upper body strength is so important for improving handwriting
I became a ninja as a 5 year old thanks to these bad boys
But it's tiny. The rope, pyramid ones in the UK are huge. I'm guessing they changed the designs?
The school I grew up in still has it's jungle gym.  The school is defunct, but he gym is still there.
You know it's funny how learning to drive a car and doing it every single day hacks your brain as well. Not in a good way through.
I remember this on our cement playground as a kid
"He was also convicted of bigamy" damn, this guy really tried playing 4D chess
I remember bonking my head really hard climbing one of these as a kid and hating it ever since. The dome shaped one was always the superior jungle gym.
the most surprising thing i learned in this entire video is that some people call it a "climbing frame" (which makes more sense to me) i love the rest of this informative & entertaining video, math & science concepts just don't surprise me as much as learning random bits of linguistics haha Thank you for the video
That’s GR8 TH0 MA5 CO7 TH4 NK5
I pass by some kind of “jungle gym “ on my way to work. It’s not as big as this one. (Thin steel rods and square) I’ve never tried climbing one not even as a kid…
I grew up in Winnetka (in the 1960’s) and loved the jungle gym. It’s one of the reasons we wore shorts under our dresses - so we could hang upside down!
40-odd years ago, when I was in primary school, we had a rope swing attached to a huge tree. You sat on the knot at the end and clung on for dear life as other kids pushed you. It easily got over six feet in the air, possibly more if some of the older kids were involved. Nobody fell off. Nobody got hurt. Everybody had fun. But we did learn some essential survival skills.   DON'T LET GO!
Jungle gyms are the best
My school had a big dome shape thing made of triangles. If you had beef with another kid…it turned into The Thunderdome 🤘
I personally LOVED jungle gyms growing up in the 90s, but I was lucky enough to not concuss myself
Wait WHAT?!?! A jungle gym in South Africa refers to the usual structure at a park (playground) with slides and swings and ramps and uhhh those fireman poles and monkey bars. Yea. Not these things which we also have.
I have seen jungle gyms that had such a falling height that it could have caused serious injury. Noone really thought of that back then because they would rather have that than their kids walking on roofs and climb trees.
you’re in your 30’s 😱
I would recommend that people read up on this guy: the story of him and his family goes deep. bigamy, jack the ripper and theoretical geometry.
a study showed that modern safety focused playground equipment leads to more injuries because their intended use is more lame and induce more daredevil behavior in children.
I mean, ragdolling and slapping back and forth between two bars WOULD technically slow their decent, so I suppose it does help?
Jungle Gyms get a bad rap; less than 1% of actual playground injuries reported to the Consumer Product Safety Commission are related to Jungle Gyms. About 36% are related to all "climbing"-type playground equipment (like monkey bars, climbers, ladders, etc.) - which is a lot, but swingsets alone account for 28% of ER-visits, and slides are another 21%. All to say; being on the playground is just inherently a bit dangerous, but jungle gyms and climbing-sets are not especially more so than all the other stuff.
wait wait wait wait WAIT!     Someone in his 30'S?!?
Would never have known .
Did you know, the official term for "those triangle half domes" is geodesic dome?
"I'm not sure my american healthcare would cover a man falling off a playground toy"  Tom, they'll cover whatever you pay for.  MURRIKA.
a life without falling off a jungle gym is no life at all
"They don't make 'em like they used to." The prototype was in service for 90 years as a kid's jungle gym and is still standing that's bonkers.
US medical insurance would most definitely cover injuries sustained by a 30 year old falling off a jungle gym. Being stupid does not invalidate coverage.
In India we used to call it monkey ladder
charles hinton: with this climbing frame, i will unlock higher dimensional understanding in my children's brains his children's brains: [ monkey noises intensify ]
I fell through one in Kindergarten and had a woodchip stab through the soft part of my knee 👍
Teaching kids to understand 3 dimensional space physically is a genius idea. That jungle gym is way too small but I imagine on a much larger scale and redesigned for the upscale it would work. I feel like that would be a lesson best taught in a low gravity environment so that dude was way ahead of his time
Okay that is cool.  And as a person who grew up in the country I can definitely see the safety of a solid structure closer to the ground to play in.
In the 1960s I knocked out my front teeth on one of those.
I loved climbing on jungle gyms! Sometimes I pretend they were prison cells.
For some reason this is remniscient of Ender's Game.
Wait a minute: I thought you are from England. Now, how did you end up having medical insurance from the U.S.? 😂
this stuff was planned so people can grasp the idea of time?
what an awesome tidbit.
Jungle Gyms and Tesseracts being directly linked is the coolest fact I learned in a while.
"especially at my age" wow can't believe he's 39 I thought he was 28 to 31
THIRTIES???
Tom: insurance doesn't cover it Also Tom: Ouch!
I remember these as a kid. It taught me quickly to be careful, because even a small tap on the head would hurt. I just thought of this.  !!! Amazing years later,  I wound up working in skyscrapers installing elevator entrances!  Is there a connection?
My school had a dome one of these.
We called them Monkey Bars.
You're out in my hometown.
Fascinating stuff.
i can confirm, after spending my childhood climbing about my local park's jungle gym- as a clumsy kid- that the fourth dimension, really hurts!
I understand these things have potential to be dangerous, but I literally do not remember even a single case when somebody got hurt... and those things were EVERYWHERE. Some of them were stupidly tall, and even had arches near the end so you could swing and jump in the air (and fall on a nice soft batch of concrete :) ).
such a good story
I dome'd myself so many times on those baby's in elementary school... I also remember a time when I grabbed one of the entrance/tall sections and tried to flip upside down while on the ground. I ended up missing the kip up and ended up axe kicking my friend in his chest. He was wheezing... Oops.
Cracked a tooth on one of these when I was 7.
The lower bars usually caught the fall. You usually didn't make the same mistake twine.
30s? Sure, Tom!
Birds can move in 3 dimensions. Maybe we ask them what 4d is like
Anyone remember that sci-fi movie where the sport was like adults doing full-contact jungle gym?
Tfw i learn 3 weeks later, tom scott was within 2 miles of my location 🥵
Anyone else feel like most playgrounds nowadays are made so safe they ended up becoming boring?
i like the 20 foot high diamond shaped ones like these that are strung with rope instead of bars
I remember having one of these in school, we didn't use it to often, it had rusted from intense heat combined with summertime humidity, we instead, opted to always try and climb on the 'big slide', which our teachers hated because of the amount of kids that would slip and fall onto the woodchip bedding.
Crazy story!
Isn't 'regular' tag already 3-dimensional tag?
The rust seems more of an issue..
I thought you meant to hack off kids brains
My school had one of these until a kid got injured so bad falling from it that they removed it completely. They substituted it with small plastic houses.
It didn’t hack my brain, but one of these types of climbing frames broke one of my teeth real nicely. It hurt like mad when it happened.
Perfect example of how far the education system has fallen..  remove risk, dumb it down, and drug kids that have too much energy,
How does this teach anybody anything by having kids being in a jungle gym acting like monkeys swinging from tree to tree? How do you learn anything from that? All you do is climb through the square shaped holes to get out... How hard is that even for a kid
When I read the title I thought it was supposed to be a primitive invention used to skewer kids’ heads for sacrificial purposes
Had one just like that at my elementary school.
Still got to play with it
Jungle gyms were a blast, the best ones had a pole you could slide down
Jungle gyms are awesome hate to see them get removed there's going to be risks in life and I don't think a jungle gym is all that dangerous
I enjoyed this video. Mostly because as a child I fell thru the center of a jungle gym and got a double compound fracture in my left forearm.
"He does emphasize safety..."  1:55  "Ow"
My childhood in a nutshell; Poland 1970's. 🤩
will these climbing frames be good for other social animals to play with and even nest on in captivity?
Very interesting!
My brother fell off one of these in the  1960s...goodbye front teeth.
hope ya got your jabs man that lucks real rusty!
I’m trying to think of things I’ve climbed, metal monkey bars, a plastic hexagonal igloo, a metal circle thing, a giant triangle of ropes, a donut shaped rock climbing wall, and an apple tree, others, etc.
Nice try Tom. "Someone in his thirties."
He's in his 30s?
My childhood was filled with games of Jungle Gym tag. with one of the rules being, the floor is lava. You stay in the jungle gym.
30s? Thought you were older
The jungle gym was my favorite thing back in grade school
When I saw the title ''hack kids' brains'' I was thinking something far more sinister 🥺
The guys who ended up fighting in WWII played on these. The the young adults nowadays played plastic rolly tic tac toe.
And now i want to climb on one of these again
At my school we had a climbing castle. The tag on and around it was the best. And like other said, we definitely learned risk assessment.   Do I risk jumping off of a 3 metre high spot onto the gravel ground to not get caught? 2 seconds to decide. YES
Is it just me or does this give me a headache every time I look at this?
The fourth dimension is time, I think.  It's the fifth dimension and further that get so mind-bending.
Once again yelling into the void that string theory is a scam and its ideas are untestable and there’s way cooler stuff going on in physics that nobody writes articles about.
Loved this thing when i was a kid. Ours was made of pipe fittings. What it really did was give us alertness to hard objects near to our body through pain :-)
You look alot older than 30
But Humans do understand 4 dimentions, at least sometimes. We just don't recognize it as easily as the other three and while we can change speeds in it we can't change direction.
I’d have so much fun breaking my bones on that jungle gym
This is the exact design for a jungle gym that was at my elementary school, along with a newer style of a dome made of what was essentially two arched ladders that crossed in the center.
Growing up in the US Midwest in the 1950s, those were “monkey bars.”
Your American health insurance probably doesn't cover anything tbh
Jungle gyms? Ew.
Tom Scott is only in his thirties?!  Sorry, I know the rest of the video was interesting, but that was the mind blowing bit.
We called 'em "monkey bars."
"someone in their 30s falling off a jungle jim" ..... Wonder what they think of me in my 30s hanging off cliff faces, training gymnastics and parkour, climbing play ground equipment befor flipping off the top of it etc haha
The fourth dimension is just time
I had no idea the fourth axis had a word for it!
Man is making me appreciate the simpler things in life
"im not gonna climb on it" climbs on it
I bet I can loop the killer around this for a couple of minutes.
It was safe, in a time when most things were dangerous. It establishes a mindset. Back then, people just knew, if you screwed up, you could get seriously injured or die. Now, we assume life is inherently safe, and if something bad happens, society or someone else has to blame, and we seek a lawsuit or legislation to "fix it".
The school-yard behind my childhood home had one of these structures that was still in place the last time I visited in 2017 🤣 Granted, ours was about 12' high, but still seems to scale.
The removal of jungle gyms like these are why kids are so weak today. You can kill most of them with a peanut.
Kid I knew in school suffered a TBI in a ballpit. Nothing is ever going to be safe. But any attempt to make something safer, is a good thing.
my school had something similar it was a dome with hexagon pipes and half were coverd and you were able to clime inside or on top with relitive safety
“Aim for the moons land among the stars” quote from snoop lion formally snoop dog.
BRO IS IN HIS 30'S?!
Jungle Gyms really should be brought back.  😕  Just have "user beware"...  I loved them as a kid, and it taught one to practice safety for oneself.  I'd love to get on one big enough for adults!  😃
I'm disappointed the guy who invented it wasn't named jim...
Fabulous back-story to a familiar, yet rarely considered, modern suburban detritus.
I need these back. They tore down the one we had at the old park. THE THIRST TO CLIMB MUCH BE QUENCHED
This video has shocked me….”someone in their 30’s”  🤯
Play structures today SUCK. I remember there being jungle gyms and catwalks and kids got hurt and it was a lot of fun.
So many bruised shins, bonked heads, and chins smashed.
Today I learned that the word tesseract was invented by the father of the guy who invented the jungle gym.
My main takeaway. You are in your thirties.
You're in your thirties?! Sorry mate but that definitely caught me off guard
I played on a metal one just like that. It was helpful for developing balance. For fun, I used to climb and cross them without using my hands, walking across the top. Which is what I used to do with all of them, like the rainbow shaped one, and a very tall one with parallel bars that they definitely didn't expect little kids to be able to get on top of and walk around. I was the only kid who did it. The rest looked at it and said, "Nah."
Not sure why anyone would think this is dangerous. When I was a kid I climbed 10 metre trees and that was the norm.
When I was a kid, we had a big steel jungle gym on the school property. In kindergarten, I watched as dozens of fifth grades were gathered around, each one pulling simultaneously on a pipe, trying to yank it straight out of the ground. The theory was, if they all pulled together, they could pull up the entire jungle gym. And they were right! The entire thing came up and the kids all cheered uproariously as it toppled over. It was one of the best examples of child teamwork I’ve ever seen. Unfortunately, we never got a new jungle gym. The empty wood chipped lot sat vacant through the entirety of my elementary school career, only living on in legend
I enjoyed this so much back in the day.
Wow Amerikan Insurance is realy bad. I dont only have 100% coverage, my inshurance would pay me even an private Transport by Airplane back to Germany....... with 100% coverage.... well greatest county in the world right?
you are IN YOUR THIRTHIES !!!??? wtf
I did wonder why my childhood playmates all disappeared on that Tuesday.
Your private medical insurance will cover any injury.
BTW, US health insurance will cover costs associated with injury, even the 2.5x lifetime cost of care associated with pasty white b***h hips....
I remember falling through those and feeling like a Pachinko ball bouncing through it.
woohoo ❤
Playing 3D tag as a kid in one of these but way bigger was sooooo fun. Thankfully no kids fell during my time… well Atleast not far.
Was his wives names Anna and Kata?
We had big Rope spiderweb pyramid jungle gyms. They were great. They went up about 15ft and playing tig on them was a blast in primary school
0:40 realy? Why?
In Finland, climbing frames began to decrease rapidly after it was discovered that children were at risk of falling and being injured from the frames, and they also discriminated against children using wheelchairs who could not climb them with their chairs. Nowadays, a climbing frame is a rare sight in Finnish playgrounds. And even though I am aware of the risk of climbing frames and this discrimination issue, I would hope that they would return because nowadays Finnish children climb in places where they should not, even though it is said that parents should teach their children that they should not climb at all.
>30s wot????? not 50s???
This guys videos are cool but man is he pathetic and brittle looking/sounding.
We played on one of those when I was in grade school.
Get into yoga my dude u need a good stretch if this was making you groan 😩 😅
When I was a kid, we called these structures “monkey bars.”
in canada we have something like that but it is a dodecagone prisme with ropes undertension withmultiple links
hack?
Hate when people talk themselves out of breath 😂
Is this the same Hinton family of Geoffrey Hinton, one of the fathers of ML?
What about the fifth?
Most important take from this video: Tom Scott is in his 30s?!
A 4d marriage?
Never seen those but I loved and love climbing
It looks very similar to the one I climbed on in elementary during the 80s.
I remember hitting my head four times as I fell all the way from the top too the bottom of one these things. I wasn't hurt, but it was a harrowing experience that taught me to fear heights for the rest of my life.
yes kids now have less fun in parks
To be fair, your US medical insurance wouldn’t cover much.
He wasn't a bigamist, he was just married in 4 dimensions.
Hope you had time to enjoy Chicago while you were there
Up not north! Up not north!
THE APPARATUS
We called this the "chin ringer" when i was growing up. Still hurts thinking about it.
egoistic, centralized, fully intrest in self and geek. Love your work but please wake up a bit. Maybe the gym would do the trick. You cannot carry yourself with only brain.
Tom you liar ain’t no way you’re in your 30s!😂😂😂
Omg, I just realized this guy looks like Mark Zuckerberg.
Nice subtle shot at the US healthcare and insurance industry
Trepa-trepa ❤
26 Left
We were tough kids back then.  Played on lots of those.  And American insurance doesn't care how you fell, or what you fell off of, or how old you were when you fell.
God I remember these things. I liked throwing balls in them to watch them bounce around.
Huh, I thought jungle gym just described all those playground structures with slides and ramps and ropes etc.
We would play tag on our jungle gyms in grade school.  They were from 8 to 12 feet tall and circular but with no inner workings but you could go either very high on the cylinder, or you could climb very high to the top of the dome.  And the floor would be lava and we would all swarm up and down and side to side and around as to not get tagged from the inside and outside.  Years later I finally understood what incredible death traps all our recess equipment had been.  Like the 10 by 10 mega steel slide that had to be closed permanently because it would rise to hundreds of degrees in the sun.  Or treated the tube slides as clown cars and stuffing a class of 15-20 children in them.  We jumped off everything, concrete planters, shot ourselves off swing sets.  I mean we were kids and we were adventurous, fearless, and or dumb, perhaps all three, and we would find unintended way to use playground equipment.  Like walking on top and across the monkey bars, climbing up the fire poles and slides. putting a ton of people on the merry go round and having 6 people spinning it so you heard it groan and creak from the weight.
I grew up in the Chicago suburbs and had one of these exact structures in my kindergarten playground. I loved it, it was so much fun. It was a shame when they took it out a few years later.
Ok, why did I watch this?
I used to absolutely LOVE playing tag on those things. only a few kids could play at once, so the matches were quick. it was so much fun. omg I miss being a tiny wiry kid 🤔🤷😎👍
This is hazard     remove all      head get hurt   legs get tangled
Having grown up though the 90's and 00's I saw these disappear from my home town in America over time, but it turns out that is just America.  I am currently teaching in Japan and all of the Elementary schools I teach at have one of these, including one that had one installed about 2 years ago.  It's kind of wild to me just how widespread the design became.
“The irony. The Irony!”  The real “hacking of kids brains” is going on right here—in the attempt to erode the very principle of education by suggesting (in the “catchy” title of the video) in this, yet one more of the ten-thousand teeny-liittle ways) that education is subversive.
i loved jungle gyms
I listened to a talk back radio programme here in Australia and listeners were calling regretting the demise of the old style children's playground equipment. Then they interviewed an expert who discussed research in 1980 that found an average of 500 children a year died on playground equipment in Australia until changes were made
As I remember the one I played on at school, we could navigate our way "through" the Jungle Gym as well as climb on it "inside" and "outside"!  And I also seem to rember the bigger one had 4 angled pipes on the outside corners we could slide down to the ground.  Lots of Fun!!!
I wanna play 3D tag now.
Shows how ignorant off reality intellectuals are
Interesting! Thanks for sharing
we had one of these old style jungle gyms at my house when i was a kid! we also had a dome shaped one too - and a metal swingset and slide! none of us ever got seriously injured playing on these things and we always had fun!
I am old. My school had one of these, really big swings and really tall slides. It was great.
On the Eastside of Detroit, we called them monkey bars.
I had a climbing frame like that in my back yard. I called it my "climbing thing".
I remember climbing on one of these as a child in the 70s - it was a bit more 'finished' than this - it had red-painted ball finials on the top corners and all of the joints were key-clamp type.  I also remember it being a lot bigger than this, but that's probably just because I was smaller!
I'm genuinely impressed by how braindead the writing is. It is like they took a bunch of zombie scripts and stuck them into a blender, and hit purée.
I learned how to get hurt correctly on something similar as a child.
0:53 Your insurance will in fact cover this. Just claim you were drunk.
we didnt have this at my school, the jungle gyms had the outside but no pars inside to hit. i guess they realized it would probably be more safe to hit the ground. one was a semisphere with a net shape, the other was the walls and roof of a house. again, no interior bars. they were just shells of bars with nothing inside
Kids now days will never know the thrill of playing king of the hill on one of these, and watching your friend try to push you off only to fail and go tumbling down through it like its plinko.
That's really really interesting stuff
Well Played
Such and interesting video
Just make a four dimensional jungle gym
The idea that you should only be allowed to do something covered by insurance is scary to me.
I really liked this vid. The info about the jungle gym and the uncut slip up was enjoyable.
We had this in the playground at my elementary school.  It was my favorite thing to play on at the playground.
Going to look for a Charles Hinton biography now.
He made a baseball cannon. Fair enough
We had one of these at my school in the 90s. There was also a wooden one that pulled out from the wall in the gym. They were so much fun. Now play structures are a foot off the ground and don’t really provide a whole lot of challenges
As a kid, I was afraid of falling on that from day one. I really don't know how anyone thought it as safe.
A kid might slip and hit their head, but hitting your head on a bar that was one foot lower than your head will hurt you a lot less than hitting your head after a five-foot drop from a tree.
Honestly, it's probably a lot safer to let kids climb around in this than it is to not let them climb around in anything, which seems to be the trend these days. There's an interestingmeta study that shows schools having fewer injuries with fewer safety rules. Kids need to learn to take responsibility for themselves and manage risk - within reason, of course.
I misread hack and thought it said hang
Do you think the US is actually Thunderdome? Of course insurance would cover the minor injuries sustained from a short fall. You don't have to be wise and virtuous to use insurance.
Thanks for your reserarch. Great little video. Love those climbing frames. Usually you came off them with a grazed knee or a bad head.
guys i made this i swear
When you started talking about the safety precautions, I was worried that this had anything to do with the "It didn't work" that you mentioned at the start, so I was a bit glad to hear that what really didn't work was unlocking the fourth dimension.
1:34 "ragdolling down to the floor" 💀
Go back to that rag doll part again…can we sue?
So you’re telling me the inventor wasn’t called Jim Jungle? Missed opportunity…
I always assumed a "jungle gym" was a strange American term for a playground, not that it was a literal structure
Ok, so when I have kids, I build this out of... pool noodles? Idk. I definitely want kids who can see in the fourth dimension.
That is Cool!
Any relation to Geoff Hinton?
"None of them apparently developed any four-dimensional insight" Did anyone asked the ones that ended up with broken heads? I'm sure they must have seen something.
Grew up with one just like this one in the 1970’s
You put a lot in a short video, love it
I loved the dome-shaped welded jungle gym with curved elements at our park (60s-70s). We called them monkey bars. I played with it for years until I couldn't get inside easily anymore. I've never seen it anywhere else. Could these have a use for 60 year olds who need some strength activities?
I'm seeing these nuts and bolts surprised how this was more dangerous than when I was a child 😂
If only they'd thought of this in Yharnam
Bigamist?!? Nah fam, he just had 4D wives, 3D people just don't understand
Can you please describe how a child would fall whilst climbing within a jungle gym?  "Ragdolling down to the floor."
We had one at my elementary school
"It's not bigamy if it's in another dimension"
Ya’ll don’t call them monkey cages? Dang.
Maybe he thought bigamy was just fourth dimensional monogamy.
It might not have hacked kids' brains, it definitely *hacked into* their brains.
4 dimensions is about holding multiple possible cognitive frameworks of a 3 dimensional space in ones mind at once and being able to compare these… or literally ascending ‘above’ and observing the 3D. Because in 3 dimensions of space while moving through time perception can be limiting. 3D creatures must keep this in mind if we even want to try understanding truth.
I loved these as a child. Just about every New York City playground had one. They were very easy to climb, and practically invited kids to do so because that's just about all you can do with them because they were so Spartan. As I grew I learned to climb just about anything and this might have been the seed.
We had two climbing structures on the playground when I was in elementary school.  We called the one like this, "monkey bars" and the other one  the "jungle gym."   Nobody every fell off as far as I know, even though we did a lot of stupid things on the playground.
The cubic lattice reminds me of the strange cube in the story La Fièvre d'Urbicande by Schuiten and Peeters. It never occurred to me before, but perhaps the strange behaviour of the artifact in the story could be explained by a four-dimensional object passing through the three-dimensional space of the art deco city.
I remember climbing these in NYC parks in the 80s
Omg Tom I thought you were at least 40 for sure
Thank you Tom
I like this. Thank you
West Ulverstone Primary school in the 80's represent 🙌🇦🇺
looks nice and sharp.
Tom's in his 30's?
The most shocking fact from the video for me is that Tom is still in his thirties. I am only a few years older and it seems like he has been around for ever
The part which surprised me the most was that you're still in your 30s.
As an American with U.S. medical insurance, they definitely would cover you falling off of a kids jungle gym.
Bigamy is based. Signed, Someone with two partners
So this is what people mean when they say jungle gym! God that would be so fun to play on as a kid, wish my school had had one!
It's weird, I've never thought of the jungle gym having an inventor.  I've always just kinda thought it was the type of thing that was so obvious that it kept being invented over and over by different people who all realized that kids loved to climb.
30's?
wait, hinton's dad thought that kids didn't play in 3 dimensions? clearly he never played on stairs, on ropes, or in trees
I played on one of those, exact design but not rusted.
I thought this meant hack like to cut, so I envisioned this jungle gym as some sort of horrific device meant to chop up children.
Oh, my yuff
So, did he think monkeys have master's degrees in 4d physics?
🌻
wait till you see what 2.6 dimensional wirtting is.
WAIT !!!! You are only in your 30's ??? I thought you were atleast in your 40's if not 50's... my apologies
But it did. It did work. It did teach the fourth dimension. ... Thank you.
We had something similar in 80 in communist Poland. I remember our favourite game was "catch" game, where one kid was blindfolded and was trying to catch/tag others, nobody was allowed to touch ground.
More people are killed/injured from TikTok in 5 years than were killed/injured by jungle jims in the past century. Granted, the population has gone up drastically, and the decline of the popularity of jungle jims in relation to that drastically complicate the statistics, but the point still stands. We're always quick to point out how "Foolish and unsafe" our ancestors were, while being completely  blind to our own risks.  As the end of the day, life is not safe, and never will be.
"It's not 'bigamy', it's a hyperdimensional marriage!"
✨
I never saw any in London, England in the 1950's or 60's but did go on one with my cousins in Portsmaouth.
This is a climbing frame. As Americans call them, Jungle Gyms. It was invented and called a jungle gym. Why not call it a jungle gym brits?
I saw one made of ropes in Australia.  It was 2-3 stories tall, and climbing to the top was a bit scary.
I remember the bullies in my grade school using the jungle gym as headquarters. I never got to go near them.
four dimensional beings playing four (instead of three) dimensional tag to understand the fifth dimension
Where I'm from those things are called "monkey bars."
One of my favourite pastimes as a parent of a young child used to be  going to playgrounds, looking at the equipment there, figuring out what the inventors expected kids to do, and then watching how they _actually_ used them. (Running up slides, etc.)
👇 25 GANG 👇
What if each of those will turn out to be a gate to a parrallel universe or sth?
I still have a mark of that time I jumped out of one of this things and wounded my tongue.
Tessaract👽👽👽👽👽
You don't think your medical insurance would cover injuries from falling off a jungle gym? Is that a joke? Surely, that's not how medical insurance works.
I remember the dome shaped jungle gyms when I was a kid. I don't remember anyone getting hurt on them.
Jungle gym was my favorite playground equipment when I was a kid. It never dawned on me how old it was.
I live in a country that will give me medical care extremly cheap without questions.
My primary (elementary?) school had one of these was only like 10 years ago think it’s gone now
The only difference between that and the one at my school was that the one at my school was welded together instead of having those U hooks. These days they've gotten rid of these, "merry-go-rounds", and tall metal slides, claiming they were all too dangerous, and replaced them with even more dangerous "climbing rocks" that are just giant plastic boulders with nothing to hold onto at the top. Kids who fall off the top are guaranteed to land on their heads. The slides are short and often the plastic loses its slip after a few years in the elements, and there's not much more than that in a modern playground,
Broke my glasses jumping off one of these in 1990.
pussification of newer generations
By chance are the two women he was married to "anna" and "kata?" Because I think that would be three best story to explain 4d versions of left and right.
No, Tom, you're right: prominent American citizens in times past did speak with ha'past British accents. They also carried around a device that played pompous classical music whenever they spoke. Every American knows this. Carry on.
Jungle Gyms were the fricken bomb
"See this is why kids today are soft. Back in my day we played in the third dimension." 😂
Legoland took that structure, enclosed it partially, and rotated it by 45 deg. It’s completely disorienting and amazing at melting your brain. Highly recommend
No American ever said "zed-4." We pronounce it "zee."
Here in poland we have thing like that only around 15-18m high and it’s all ropes… super fun I wish they made those things for adults just scaled up
I’m surprised Tom didn’t visit “The Big Ditch” while he was in Winnetka. Very interesting story of a public works project during the Great Depression. That or America’s last lounge car in commuter service, car 553
thinking back to how many times i almost hung myself on these maybe its not an aweful idea that they aren't around as much anymore
I keep thinking about the cartoon recess 🤣
And how disappointed I was at 4, when suddely this was disappeard from the playground for safety reasons. Altdough the 24 years old me can understand what was the adults concern, but deep down I still wish to climbe on this pipe-cube once again (or perhaps a scaled version of it). ...for some reason we always played monkey kingdom or zero-g spacestation :DDD
We had some of those in my city growing up! I remember playing on them and it was a great time! We used to pretend it was a castle or an ice palace or igloo and lots of things! I don’t remember anyone getting seriously hurt on it except a kid fell and broke a tooth on a bar but nobody really made a fuss. Guess we were just built different back then 🤷‍♂️
Loved it in the 1960's. Never got hurt. Never knew anyone to get hurt. Sure that isn't like poison Halloween candy?
A close relative to the jungle gym, I remember my science museum had what is called a "Curved Space Diamond" structure.  It was a transparent bubble maze that was also three dimensional.  Sadly they removed it because apparently they are difficult to keep clean.
1,395,168th viewer of this video!
Within 6 days!
What a fascinating story!
I come from the days of metal play equipment and gravel surfaces below. The scariest to me is still the overhead 'Monkey' bars. Picture a horizontal metal ladder suspended between two climbing ladders. The whole thing is about 4 feet wide and about 6 or 8 feet high. The proper use is to cross hand after hand, swinging like a monkey to the other side about 10 feet away.  We instead developed a contest to see who could leap out the farthest and grab and hang on to the bar. We were all about 8 years old I guess. One kid jumped so far that he barely hooked the bar, swung to nearly horizontal and then dropped straight down to the gravel play surface, SLAM!!! flat on his back. He didn't cry, whimper , groan or make any sound. I thought he was dead. He came to after what seemed like a very long time. After a few minutes we continued like nothing had happened at all.
i broke my tooth on something like this
"in his 30s" ???? mm-hmmm
He looks 50+
wownsuper i loveit
Just wanted to say, not watching your new video in protest about clickbaiting. You're one of my favorite youtubers *because* you make good videos that don't need clickbait to get me to watch. Just call it like "in 2024, new schedule" or w/e
I'd never have guessed that there was an intellectual intent to these. We always just called them "monkey bars."
Fun fact: home alone was filmed at a house in winnetka.
My mind was waiting for you to say: “Someone had to invent it, and that someone was called: Jungle Jim”.
Crazy how you live in a country with such terrible healthcare!
We had one of these at my elementary school!
Japans elementary schools and playground still have a lot of jungle gyms.
Climbing frames WAS, not were. Climbing is the grammatical subject, not frames. How is this type of thing so hard to grasp even for intelligent and educated native speakers. Embarrassing.
You’re in your 30s? I thought 50s
Thanks, I hated these as a child. It was exactly my fear to hit my head and ragdoll down to the floor, so I preferred playing two-dimensional tag.
The thing is... kids don't need us to be this over safe...  Frankly, kids getting used to danger actually teaches them how to get around it...  There was some studies that show that actually coddling the kids is actually not good for them... and allowing them to have some levels of danger is not actually a bad thing....
So interesting, and so close to my house!  I might take a drive out there (live about 20 miles away).
30s?
I'm sorry you have to experience US medical insurance. We're not being our best in that area.
Hold on a second, you're in your thirties?
I loved this! And never heard of a serious injury.
"In his 30s"? Guess I was wrong
Really sad to see so many jungle gyms getting replaces with simpler things. I had so much fun climbing on and under the hexagonal dome frame as a child. Then the next year they replaced it with a slide and a spinning tick tack toe board. I stopped playing during recess after that and just cleaned my desk everyday.
Wow sorry tom i thought you were late 40s 😮
This video has 1,397,461 views.
Tom is only in his 30's?  Damn is the dude recovering from a decade long heroin binge or something?
If the world wasn’t so lame we’d have adults sized versions of this at every park
I'm always impressed by this man's ability to find genuinely interesting things to talk about for topics that I would normally never think about. Very good video 👍
So he was Mormon? This is where Madeline L'Engle got her ideas?
If you're watching this video today, YouTube helpfully labels it as posted 4d.
The Jungle Jim in my hometown park was made by my grand-father out of rebar. God I was sad when the city council took it away.
So modern humans brains still contain some of the evolutionary mechanisms of the apes we come from. Those apes lived and played in trees and were therefore intimately familiar with moving about a 3 dimensional space. In fact, my recollection is that it is considered instinct. So if moving about a 3-d space should give us insight into 4-d thinking, I am hypothesizing that we would have been born with it. I would then further theorize that because we are only on an tasked with moving in 3 dimensions that we conceptualize 3 dimensions or vice versus. And that thinking in 4 dimensions would be either the cause or effect of moving in 4 dimensions
In NYC back in the '50s we called them "monkey bars" or at least that's what they called them in my Queens neighborhood. Absolutely lethal fun.
My schools still have these and as a teacher I nearly gives my other teachers a heart attack as I prance around on top of them using childhood experience to avoid getting touched in a game of tag with my students.
I dont really understand why everything these days has to be idiot proof, this climbing frame is safe enough, hit my head plenty of times as a kid fell out of a tree at least twice, maybe thats the reason im not a scientist today but at least i had fun as a kid xD also modern playgrounds are usually more boring while not being safer at all :)
Charles Hinton is also in the great "From Hell" comic series by Alan Moore.
Another long-lost piece of playground equipment is the "giant's strides". One was installed in the playground of our small church-school in Virginia sometime in the 1960's or 70's. It's still there today, and it still gets used. I think there's only been two broken arms from the thing.  "Giant's Strides" used to be a popular playground piece, but they're practically all gone today. They're jolly fun -- Flying around in a circle on chains, leaping five feet into the air, and coming within inches of braining yourself on the metal pole in the center on each downswing. It's no wonder they've been passed over for safer options. But I am glad we still have ours.
Our local park has one, at least it did last time I wasin the park, has a slide attached
It's missing the stiff wire wraps at the joints - the ones that fray and then scrape off your skin as you try to slide through.
Scott came to my town!
Your U.S. health insurance isn't going to care _how_ you got injured; is that how the NHS works?
so how would you seriously injure yourself on that as a 30 yearold and im not an insurance expert but i feel like you should be covered
My grandparents had one of these in their garden, and it was my favourite thing ever because with your kids imagination it could become a house, maze, boat, office, school or plane that you could play in
As an ex-pro musician and teacher, I know a thing or two about the process of practicing and internalising physical movements, it's the same for any musical instrument, sport or martial art. Looking at this thing, getting any child to master it would be the equivalent of becoming a concert pianist. It would require a few hours a day practice over many years to develop the physical prowess (probably similar to an olympic gymnast) to master it (to climb about in there with any degree of speed without slowing down by constantly knocking their head or knees etc). By the time a child would become competent enough, they'd probably be too big to play on it anymore. Still, fun video... in a mad kind of way! 😅
🤯
Now thats a 4-D Chess move right there.
Oh we have had similar one here in Sweden,  and it was rock underneath...  it was safer  to climb trees then that one.
you're in your 30's ?
Once again, Tom's movement. That. Is. All. Plsdancetom
as a former child i can confirm that climbing is really easy unless you are discouraged from becoming good at it
But... why would charles think we "mostly" move around in 2 dimensions? We totally do not move in 2 dimensions, in any way.... huh?
I grew up in NYC. These were a standard feature in every playground. They were usually built above asphalt. They were called "monkey bars". It's amazing that I never suffered or witnessed any injuries.
Errr they don't have those anymore? I suddenly feel very old 😂
I used to climb on that jungle gym all the time in second grade
A baseball pitching machine powered with gun powder. He is an inspiration to many!
I loved those as a kid.
So does this mean birds and fish can imagine 4 dimensions?
Bigamy? That's still just one dimensional marriage in two axes. Dude needed to have two wives that wives of their own, who then had wives of their own. Fourth dimension marriage.
Kramer vs. Kramer
Theirs one of these 15 minutes from me still... i grew up playing on one of these.
Tom, your videos are some of the only ones my Gen-Z brain can handle. A silly stupid topic and minimal editing isn't something that would seem to catch my eye, but boy, it seems to quite often. Keep on keeping on, from a long-time sub.
I grew up in the tail end of the dangerous live at your own risk days, before everything was padded. We had these in every school yard and playground. They were usually on dirt, but some of the city parks had them on blacktop asphalt.
I played on those as a kid.
Maybe it's an American vs German mindset, but I don't think these are particulary dangerous? Okay, maybe plastic or rope would be a little bit safer than metal, but this is certainly not particualry higher than other constructions on playgrounds.
I did fall from top to bottom of one of these things when I was at elementary school, many, many years ago.
I think it’s slightly ridiculous that poles in a frame can be patented tbh
You are in your thirty’s ????
whats this a new fortnite build mode?
Not to be confused with Jungle Gym Jordan... which was just regular Gym Jordan, but dressed in an ape costume fondling himself in the boys changing rooms...
They had to  become safer, the kids became softer. Suddenly scraping a knee became the worst thing in the world.
I’ve never seen a jungle gym like this - all mine as a child were much more boring, essentially 2D.  I used to dream of complex equipment like this; glad to see they did exist.  Looks a bit small, though - I’d double it’s length and width, and maybe expand it a foot or two taller, too.
Another one of the amazingly dangerous playground toys that seemed like such a good idea at the time. I fondly remember the 1960's merry-go-round. A quarter ton of whirling iron bars and welded diamond plate. Great stuff that!
I absolutely love this video. What a fun piece of information.
Hmm ragdolling
'I don't care what the IRS says I'm not paying taxes' I don't care what my insurance says, I wanna climb that
When I was 4, 60 years ago, we had these here in Sweden. I loved them. They were fantastic to climb around in. I never see them nowadays.
I'm not even sure most American citizens medical insurance would cover a child falling off a jungle gym
I think if this were installed in freefall in a future orbital living facility, where kids naturally _must_ navigate in 3d, the addition of the maze might improve their perception of 4d.  I know that even reading of freefall in Ender's game ("the enemy's gate is down") helped me understand freefall 3d movement, so I can only imagine playing as a child with 6 degrees of freedom might improve mental flexibility.
These were my childhood. In school, the Jungle Gym was all I would play on during recess. The irony is that I have crippling acrophobia combined with mild claustrophobia, but on one of those, I was never afraid because I believe my monkey brain realized I had every opportunity not to fall or be stuck.
Thankfully instead of dangerous climbing, todays kids just stare at Mom’s iPad.
Good job on six million subscribers!
It just dawned on me. Have Americans become completely averse to their kids doing anything that could possibly result in an injury (i.e. having any fun) because our medical coverage is terrible?
Watching this has reminded me of The Apparatus in the primary school gym, that I think we were allowed to use once.
I used to play on one of these at the school across the street. (Schools weren't fenced in then.) On top of the main frame were two upright cubes. We would spend hours within those cubes imagining that we were sailing a submarine around the World.
may be it was for teaching 'quantum entanglement' also when you rag-dolled down :D but anyway, climbing things like these were very good for developing healthy body, and 'filter out' those who don't have spatial orientation even in 3D ...  ;)
Oh these things hacked kids brains, we played king o the hill on those things and it was fun to watch a kid pinball down the thing
Dangerous??  Have you SEEN the images of slides from the 40s and 50s - they're well over a storey up in the air over concrete with no safety railings! 🤯🤕
Just this week I've had the idea to teach children to think in 4 dimensions. I wonder if VR and the non-Euclidean geometry possible in computers today could do it.
youre only 30-39? but youve been here on youtube so long wtf
They were built for kids to have fun trying to climb them, not to hack their brains.  This video is trying to hack our brains.
2 days 69k likes 6,01m subs
His idea of being able to understand 4D aint that bad. Maybe it can work...
Great video
We have one of those in a public Park here in buenos aires
I was at the top of one at my primary school about 70 years ago and suddenly saw my grandfather who'd unexpectedly come to collect me. In my excitement I jumped off and badly sprained an ankle or two. If an accident can happen...
this thing was the absolute best when I was a kid, we played on a big red one made of metal, I came up with a game called lava monster, where there was one seeker who was called the lava monster, and could touch the ground because it was the only one who could touch both the ground and the bars because the ground was made of lava.  There whould then be several other kids who whould be on the jungle Jim and who couldn't touch the ground, if they did they whould become the lava monster, who whould then try their best to not get tagged by the monster, if they were tagged they whould become the monster after they climbed down  into the lava.  most fun I ever had In my life, I whould always start as the monster and give a little extra source by moving and acting how I thought a lava monster should, like allowing kids to get away after a good long chase, switching targets randomly and moving my limbs like they were made of a liquid. wish we had more of these things, because it was only in one of the parks that we want to.
Im fror Europe and never seen tham myself, but we had different ones, usually pyramide or double pyramide shaped and made out of ropes (probably safer, since they're easier to climb + less space between the ropes). But to be honest, it doesn't seem as the most dangerous thing ive seen. At couple local playgrounds they had those "stations" you could go up, there were ladders and slides on the sides and both stations were connected by bars you were only supposed to hang on to with your hands. For a kid as small as me back then it was HUGE and much more dangerous... I mean, imagine somebody getting to the middle of that and loosing grip or strength in their hands... good luck, nothing else to hand on to help you.
When I saw the video titled something about hacking children's brains I expected something dark and sinister. This totally perplexed me.
Ah...the memories
I remember smashing my ribcage into one of these as a kid... It was this exact shape, but more modern. I don't think safety was a concern
Dentist’s best friend
Considering they built skyscrapers without harnesses this was child's play haha, and honestly i grew up using them and think some of the new playgrounds are kinda silly & over engineered but the jungle gym taught me lots of lessons about maths/physics/probabilities and geometry that i probably wouldn't otherwise know. Thanks Tom
why did the dude fear the child hitting the ground and not the steel bars that are thin enough to send a concentrated hit straight to a child's cranium or the small of their necks?
...and that's something you might not have known.
Back in 90's most of child wont go inside the jungle gym because its too hard to move around and you also collect bruises on your limb, let alone we have the idea doing tag game inside jungle gym. (We got nagged by teacher/parent if we got bruises)  Lucky no body fall over from jungle gym and thank you to whoever buy the rope ladder/web on our local playground because its more fund to climb/play around and less bruise 😂
These Climbing Frame were also there in my Indian school, And its a full fun to play in this climb and play around was amazing 🥹
I had one in my school
I'd prefer kids should play on a jungle gym like this. Enough challenge to be worth the bother, enough risk to remind you of need to maintain a good grip. Most playground equipment today... doesn't allow kids to learn to take those risks.
Crazy I just met this guy at sixflags Magic Mountain
0:52 the US insurance wont cover him falling for jungle gym😂😂
We had one of these at my school from k-8 nobody ever got really hurt and it was a lot of fun.
Mathematicians and Polygamy…like Peanut Butter and Jelly
Ha! I live two blocks away and I know one of the board members of the society! Glad you visited and I hope you enjoyed!
Human plinko.
we had something like this as a kid at my school i remember if you fell either you fell all the way vertically and was lucky or you fell and hit multiple bars with fears of other kids stepping on you while in pain, i tell you, you will only fall once and always remember  the whole experience, i remember losing my grip and last thing i remember was looking up at all the kids climbing around me not even caring i just fell badly, happened to a lot of other kids too, you just watched them fall and land then you carry on
Really fun video. Would love to see a future video about the ball canon. Maybe Allen pan could help you build it.
The hilarious thing is that Scott smacks his head into one of those girders after talking about safety
2:30 "Convicted of bigamy" You mean 4D marriage?
As a child in the 70's, we played tag on one of those at the park.
Remember these at my primary school - 60's.  Welded joints - so less chance of getting scratched/scraped. We knew even at the age of 6 that there was risk of getting injured - and certainly got bruised and banged on occasion.  I too have two wives and agree that it's big of me.  In 4D space have to "raise" everything so extra wives seem to just make the math work?
these things were called quebra-quebra back in brazil, which literally translates to break-break, and that's just irony in a nutshell
lets talk about the fact that Tom is still making videos for over 17 years, what a legend. Edit: longer than Ray William Johnsen
Every time someone tries to call out children's equipment like this as "unsafe" I just want to start smacking people. This is what kids do, they climb on things, they take risks, and by so doing they grow.  If you remove a playground tool like this then they are going to climb in less-safe environments, or worse yet, not climb on anything at all.
In France we called this "Cage à Ecureuil", or Squirrel's Cage.
Sad he didn't start with I'm standing in a 1980s jungle gym
0:45 U.S. health insurance generally covers all sorts of activity it was unwise to do. We're not talking about, say, fire insurance not covering you setting your own house on fire on purpose, or car insurance questioning who was at fault. Health insurance definitely has issues but it mostly limits based on which doctors it covers and which procedures it considers necessary vs (say) cosmetic. I've never heard of it being denied because someone did something childish and foolish.
i never fell on one of these, am i the strange one?
Thinking outside the box...
0:49 Dang, I thought Tom was in his mid-forties.
So basicly, our childhood is all made out of math
OH !! THIS IS THE ONE WHERE THE COUNTY OF MERRITT ISLAND PUTS PIECES OF WOOD UNDER THE JUNGLE GYM AND MONKEY BARS AND THE KIDS THAT ARE SMART REFUSE TO USE IT AND THE KIDS THAT ARE STUPID BREAK THERE ARM FALLING INTO THE WOOD CHUNKS !!! EXTINCTION OF THE DUMBEST !!! THEY THINK ITS OK THERE JUST STUPID KIDS !!!  I COMPLAINED !!!
Kids playgrounds now are just sad. Safe, small, boring, and empty.
I love jungle gyms, not just this but the party version we'd go to that were much bigger and had slides and stuff. There should be even bigger ones for adults but the only ones I've found require harnesses. Requiring harnesses kind of take away the freedom of it.
imagine not climbing a jungle gym because you think your insurance doesn't allow it.
Jungle gyms are WAY more fun than the rounded plastic crap that you see in most playgrounds these days. Kids are supposed to get hurt in playgrounds occasionally by the way, that is part of the deal.  Even in the rare event of a kid "ragdolling down to the bottom" the chance of them sustaining any permanent injury seems rather low, and it's safer than falling out of a tree directly on to the ground. We should absolutely bring back jungle gyms.
This made me happy, thank you for making this! Keep doing what makes you happy! :D
there's gotta be something so kids learn to take bumps and learn to take falls safely on crash mats.
I had one of these at my school (it's still there actually) & it was terrifying, mostly because it was like 12 ft. tall. *4.2672 M
Still so many of these in South africa
The medical insurance isn't going to care how you got hurt unless you were using drugs.
Ed A Abbott whom?
Going immediately from a video about Mexican cartels to this video the title sounded a lot more grim than it should.
Cool
Scaffold as old as the pirymeds, needed to be painted for to be used by children?   Interesting story nonetheless 🤔
In kindergarten my brother and I used to play firefighters with this thing. Our mother climbed inside the jungle gym,  pretended it was a ruin and called for help, until we came to her "rescue" ^^
As a kid, I often played in hose. In those that I remember, the rods where welded together. The vertical poles where deeply set in concrete cylinders entirely buried in the ground. Also, they where larger that the one we see here.
These look like fun. I wish we had had them in Sweden
Someone had to invent and patent basic framing?
Here's a video idea.  Three cities in the Midwest claim to have invented water skiing.  Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin, Janesville, Wisconsin, and Lake City, Minnesota.  Tommy Bartlett, one of the men who made waterskiing popular initially used to be a regular customer in my grandmother's restaurant in Wisconsin Dells in the 1960s, although unfortunately you can't interview either of them because they're both dead.  Grandma died when I was 6, so I don't have any stories about him from her, but it's something to look into!
You weren't allowed to climb on it, it wouldn't have been a good idea to climb on it, and yet it's clearly a present temptation.
oi mates lets gau cloim on the cloiming fwrame
What's the 4-dimensional object whose projection onto 3 dimensions is that jungle gym?
well this just blew my mind
I remember playing on a climbing structure like that growing up, lots of fun playing tag.  Only rule was don't touch the ground.
You're in your 30s?!
This is my hometown and I had no idea this existed! Thank you Tom for teaching me about my local history
I played on one from the late 60s to mid 70s.   We survived.   No rubberized groind cover. Just dirt and grass.   You kids need to get out more and interact with the real world.
There's no way you're 30. You look like you are 50+ years old.
Very interesting! I grew up about 30 miles from Winnetka and had a similar Jungle Gym at my school and I can attest that thing was the focal point of almost every 15 minute recess. Kids were ALWAYS on it.
Our favorite thing! It sure was a lot bigger back in 1962.
Nice
omg, i remember playing on those and what a shame they don't make them anymore...kids need opportunities for reasonable risk assessment...and developing proprioception skills. Thank God risky play and other play-based curricula are coming back into the forefront.
How could you not do a, don't get your sexbot wet joke. It practically wrote itself.
I love jungle jims The unsafe kind
I thought you meant "hack kid's brains" as in brutally bashing their skulls into metal poles
I used to love these when I was a kid!
I forgot just how blocky the jungle gym at my primary school was.
I never knew that.
Oh, sure, but when I hack kids' brains, it's just "stop!" and "put down that hatchet!". We don't foster creativity anymore.
As a kid I enjoyed these but I always had that nagging fear that I was going to slip and knock a tooth out on a bar. It’s funny because I work as a substitute teacher at the same schools I attended and even though I never see them anymore, their ghosts are just so present in my memory that I assume they’re still there.
It's fitting that it's now moved to another site after all that time. It makes it a 4D climbing frame after all
lappenpop
I can attest that it is fact possible to reach the ground when falling off a jungle gym, and as a bonus, my head hit every bar it could on the way down.😅
This is amazing never making redundant video tom. godspeed brother
Good video! One of the only photos from my 1940s childhood shows me in one of these. However I want to build one for a small friend, so what is the safer design recommended at present? Thanks.
Who is the person in their thirties???
I hate how “safe” modern jungle gyms are, it’s terrible. No fun and no learning for kids.
Dammit Tom shave that head!
I really miss jungle gyms. I feel like my kids don't have the same strength I did as a child in part because they're not climbing all the time
Our version was a scaffold tower that fell off the back of our Dad's friend's lorry. When our parents weren't about we would build it up to about 16 ft high and play chicken to see who would jump off.
We called them Jungle-Gyms here in New Zealand too.
There was a bigger wooden one of these in my pre-school, and the most fun was to be had climbing to the top middle and refusing to come down. They were, as Tom shows, very adult-unfriendly.
I enjoyed the bigamist tautology.
Americans called climbing frames Jungle Jim? that is where that phrase comes from?
I loved accidentally slamming my freshly fused skull against these when I was a child
AH, I KNOW THE ANSWER! How to brainwash childre-
Maybe my view of this is skewed because I'm a mid 30's adult, but that jungle gym seems incredible cramped. I don't seem to remember those things being this compact.
I was born in the mid 1950's and we called them 'Monkey Bars.'
I wonder how many of these were installed over concrete
very interesting to know about interest in 4D before the 20th century
Yup, I had those in several schoolyards when I grew up. Crazy, screaming fun.
We have a metal climbing dome at a playground I grew up next to. The top of the dome was about 6-7 feet in the air (maybe more) with the bars forming triangles that had 2-3 foot sides. That thing was dangerous but was very fun. We would spend our days climbing to the top then dropping down onto the wood chips.
Absolutely one of my favourite things growing up. I wish they would make an up-scaled version for adults!
As a kid that was in kindergarten in '79, we did play 3D tag on a jungle gym, bigger than that one, taller, wider etc. To this day, I can think in 4 Dimensions, but only when watching Dr. Who. Side note, I remember just two years later reading "A Wrinkle In Time" and hearing about tesseracts, and later mitochondrion.
In his 30's?  I thought he was looking good for his 50's
There used to be one just like that in a playground in Prenton, on the Wirral, in England, where my Gran lived, and I'd play on it sometimes when we visited. It remains, to this day, one of my favourite pieces of playground equipment. Simple, yes, but highly versatile for imaginative play, and very satisfying for physical scrambling. Thank you, Mr Hinton 😊
I taught a kid in school that ripped his forearm open from elbow to wrist on the jungle gym.  I think he caught it on a piece of metal and gravity did the rest.  Had a huge scar down his arm.
Are there some stats about kids “ragdolling” and getting injured?
As a child we used to call this Monkey Bars.
Bigamy? I *think* you mean 4-dimensional marriage.
Anna and kata, like a katana is going to split the fourth dimension down the middle?  Brilliant!
Already thinking like an American with the "I don't think I will be covered by health insurance" so let's not do it mentality.
The brains got “hacked” indirectly after a kid miscalculated and crushed their head on the way down!
When I was nine I fell out of a tree with many many branches on the way down and I did not, in fact, catch myself on one of the many branches on the way down. Point to Tom on this one.
I rag dolled all the way down one of those when i was a kid
would it be b-gamey or bi-gamey
I played on one of these in the 80's . The best part was sliding down the diagonal supports on the corners.
I wonder if, today, Charles Hinton would look at AR and think it's the way for us to teach children higher-dimensional thinking.
Good job blowing my mind for a sec at the end with that camera shot.
Jungle Gym is just such a fun word for a kid to learn!
Tom, what does "a little less geometric" mean for a physical object (which always has geometry)? :P
We had one of these at my elementary school and it was fun until the day a kid slipped and almost bit his tongue off. It was replaced the following year.
Archer Iowa used to have one. It was made so well it never rusted like the one in the video. Unfortunately because of insurance liability the town got rid of the jungle gym by selling it to a private resident in another town.
You know, Tom, I'm glad I subscribed a while back.  :)
always learning something amazing with tom 💡
this looks so fun
I think this is cool, kids nowadays are soft
US medical insurance doesn't cover anything
That form managed to give me 3 concussions. I got vision damage, from banging the back of my head, and never told anyone about it.....
W
Ana and Kata are just the Greek for up and down....
I have reduced the danger
"The idea of a child slipping, hitting their head, and then rag-dolling down to the floor doesn't seem to have occurred to him."  I still have scars from doing exactly this in the 1970s.
Now the inclusion Said is to dangerous....I ham very happy to play on it ....and i am happy to my soons play to...
well some of the kids probably did end up seeing it 💀
I love it when Brits are like "Americans call it x" and Americans are like "Brits call it Y" and I'm sitting here as a native English speaker who's neither British nor American like 🙃 Mmm, yes, maybe
What was wrong with a tree?
He invented the jungle gym to teach kids theoretical mathematics 😂
I grew up playing on this exact structure in grade school!! Kids would dare each other to hang on the top bars and dead drop straight down to the ground through the cubes.  We took our class photo on this too :)
Now I really want to build this, for the intended purpose.
30 years ago we had similar one in our kindergardens yard and ever since it got demolished no climbing frame in any park or school yard gave similar excitement to be climbed on.
Nice jab at US health insurance 😂
Adult tag uses some similar structures
Very interesting!
Brilliant stuff
I remember my local park had a huge one like that, as well as a ludicrously high slide, roundabout and swings, all built on solid concrete, gotta love the 70-80s
We had a really big one at our school, and we did play tag on it.
Oh shut up about the us medical system.  Its still the greatest healthcare system in the world
Can't help thinking back to your video with Access Parkour in Edinburgh, and wondering what Hedge would have you doing on this!
0:45 ah yes, partly because it's historic and partly because the US doesn't consider poor people human beings
Seeing this image startled me, because my elementary school had this same device, down to the double-height vertical door openings in front. Ours was silver and used smooth welded joints instead of wire-tied ones, but the geometry is unmistakable.  Thank you for a nice memory, for letting me know it's called a Jungle Gym, and — most remarkably of all — for informing me that its inventor's father coined the term "tesseract" for the four-dimensional cubes that fascinated me in my later childhood.
Just imagine a Gallifreyan one
If we use left and right in a 3D space, shouldn't a 4D space have three directions? Ana, kata, and zeta? Also cool video.
Your not thinking forth dimensionally Marty!!
We always called them “monkey bars”.
‘Someone in his thirties falling off a jungle gym”  and in that one sentence, you made me feel reeealy old…then I realize I’ve been watching  your videos for well over a fifth of my life!
Tom's not brit?
Look, if you fell they would just give the kids heroin or cocaine or something for the pain.. and slather them in mercury or something.
Neat!
Kids are too soft if they can't handle a jungle gym like that.
We had a Jungle Gym in our park, loved it.
Well bigamy can be defined as four dimensional, figuring out how to balance two wifes without them finding out.  As in true dimensional fashion, objects in the third dimension cannot perceive the forth dimension ......  Too bad the judge in that particular game did perceive his forth dimension :D
Why do adult people stop wanting to play on it?! And why do they expect to fall off and anticipate pain before there's even a chance of being hurt? I'm over 40 and apart from this things being a bit small i'd LOVE to scamper over all 3 featured dimensions. (also i'm familiar with pain)
With this obsession over safety, we managed to replace this kind of boring and marginally unsafe toy with something even more boring. No wonder kinds don't go out as much nowadays, the playgrounds are just too safe to be interesting. They also don't get to learn to take responsibility, when all the danger is removed.
정글짐... 나 어렸을때 잘 놀았는데..  수직 봉이랑 철봉도 그 옆에 있어서 ... 그땐 아이들이 건강했는데. 근육도 다부지고.. 요즘 아이들은 영.... 쯧쯧쯧
My junior school installed them in about 1968 and we had a great time with them, no one told us they were mathematical , just climbing frames so clearly something was wasted there. Yes, there were a few scrapes and bruises but learning caution is also valuable learning and in those days we weren’t wrapped up in cotton wool like today. Perhaps if enough children identify as chimpanzees we’ll get them back.
We have 'new' ones now that are all made of ropes... sure they may not be able to hit their head but the movement of ropes really brings in a different element!
Why do you have US medical insurance??? doesn't NHS cover costs abroad?
My elementary school in the 70s had one just like that! We used to play tag (and touching the ground was an automatic out).
30’s???
Safer? I broke my arm on something like that
Someone in his 30's?
Pate ent? Then he says patent?
Still a very very common sight in Japanese (at least Tokyo) childrens playgrounds!
I was that kid, who ragdolled down one of these when I was 4 or 5. Can confirm they are dangerous. And fun. And dangerous.
Whenever I see a jungle gym I always think the Danger Room from the X-men comics.
I'm gonna make a cylindrical one and confuse the $h!t out of my future kids by having them reach a point described in circular coordinates 😂
Love that final shot moving through it... hmmm, almost like a tesseract... 🤔
Growing up in Chicago we played on the jungle gym all the time at the park. I died on it a few times but we just rubbed some dirt on it and climbed right back on.
Mind blown.  Got hurt falling across time/space from the fourth dimension.
Grew up in Glenview, IL 20 mins from Winnetka and had one in our playground.  Climbing and tag were common on these.  Very uncommon were injuries.
There was one of these at my primary school in Australia in the 1970s, we loved it!
We had one of those in my school when I was a kid.  It was not safe.  Every other week it seemed, there was a kid screaming with blood running down their face, possibly concussed from falling through the thing, and yet it remained there for decades.
I spent a lot of hours playing on one of those and I never got hurt.   The merry go round hurt a kid though.  I didn't see it happen, but I think he fell off and one of his feet got hooked on something and he was drug round and round on the ground until someone finally noticed him. We did all sorts of things that could have killed us back then.  We rode our bicycles down ridiculously steep hills that had sudden transitions at the bottom.  I crashed more than once doing that.  We set up jump ramps for our bikes and crashed as often as not.  We went miles from home without any adults knowing where, or what we were doing.   Kidnapping and murdering children wasn't at all common then, so parents didn't think about it.
Fond memories of chipping a front tooth on a climbing frame when I was 8 😁
Bro i forgot about these. Such memories. Also rip all the kids' teeth that have been knocked out on the bars 😂
Maybe he thought that in the fourth dimension his two wives would only be one? 🤔
It was really interesting to learn the origin of the Jungle Gym, but learning about the inventor's father gave this story a whole new dimension!
What you really need is a four-dimensional climbing frame.
Yes, that’s why we stopped using them.  Oh, you mean computer hacked.
Kinda makes me think of the World Chase Tag as 4D
If a device like this taught kids anything on the playground of yester year It's the philosophy of king of the hill.
Would health insurance actually not cover 30 year old men falling off jungle gyms?  NA health care smh.
So, a 3-D Twister decades before Twister.
When I was a kid in the '50s we called them monkey bars.
He’s about the right size to play on it
I feel like they were gonna cast someone to play Tom it would have to be Matthew Macfadyen. Does anyone else see it?
Love learning new crap i will never talk about 😊
I'm sorry... MURICAN medical insurance? Are you shrooming?! Why on EARTH would you ever willingly choose the most avaricious and evil empire on the face of the earth?
When I was 5 I fell off a jungle gym and my chin caught a bar on the way down. It was the third time I got stiches. Good times.
It’s times like this I look around at all the castles, cathedrals and old houses we have in Europe and appreciate them a little more.
I think it's sad we think of a climbing frame as "too dangerous for kids" these days. We really are creating a race of pathetic creatures.
It looked like a wooden frame until the closeup where you see it's rusted metal.
People are too worried about safety: kids get hurt, they heal and learn to be careful.
Nothing on earth could have stopped me from climbing on the original jungle gym.
Whats happening to Toms face in the beginning as he walks behind the frames? Even in 4k it looks weird. As if the face stretches.
Jungle gyms are patented????? does that mean building anything for kids to play on without permission is illegal ?
Even in Germany we had them ... Ours was MUCH bigger than this in the video, made of welded pipes, painted yellow and blue ... How i miss the 70's and 80's.
This reminds me a lot in how Froebel gifts (educational playing blocks that lots of toddlers still play with today) were invented by an educator who had a background in mathematics and crystallography.
Not as exciting as the Battersea Park adventure playground.
That's cool, thanks!
0:46 "i really don't think my us medical insurance would cover this" Ah yes, the marvelous free market's invisible hand
Forget the bars. I want to hear more about Charles.
Wow, I love that idea about it!
Maybe we needed a 4-dimensional climbing frame?
I remember this was installed in my kindergarten, it was 2004 and now there are swing and mini bridges. I know it was terrifying to get out of but always love to enter it, somewhat feeling like a monkey inside there.
"In his thirties". Had to look that up. Seems technically accurate but only just! Had me feeling quite old there for a minute.
That's guy went for most achievements possible
I have a scar from stitches between my eyes from one of these.
I still remember how fun it was to climb it on my schoolyard some 60 years ago in Seeden
Oh, we had it too, in Bulgaria. Not practical for tag, it allowed too free movement, we played tag on a large metal sphere. Now kids have metal wire things to climb, they flex when you fall on the supports, and the ground is softer, no more concrete base. Looks much safer and maybe as much fun, haven't tried it myself.
In my school playground we had a dome made of triangles and from the top of the dome it must have been 7 or 8 feet to the ground. We used it for fights and battles with our legs while hanging from the bars trying to knock each other down.
I played tag on it with friends when we were young. Not allowed to touch the ground. Loads of fun. But safe!? Not at all when you are moving so fast up there and in there to try to stay away from others chasing you, I wonder how we didn't get hurt more badly!
Aren't you in your 50s? What the heck?
Good old  "jungle gyms" -  I remember using them here in NZ in the '60s!  Good fun!
Bamboo scaffolding is still widely in use for construction in Hong Kong~  Bamboo frame is a little bit safer than iron for the inevitable rag-dolling as they are less hard.
I wonder how dangerous those things actually were. I think the best playgrounds have risks that are obvious and managable for kids of the intended age. That's why I never saw a kid falling of the highest point of a climbing frame. For every kid above a certain age it is obvious: The higher you climb the harder you fall. So be careful
I like the complicated shaped rope towers.
quite an interesting and unexpected history to these climbing frames. thanks tom!
I literally see nothing unsafe about this.
Jungle Gyms were a highlight of kid's playgrounds in the 20th. Another mistake taking these away.  Now 3 entire generations of weak, sick, safety obsessed, wimps populate our society. Addicted to phones, know nothing.
My question is, if he was concerned about safety, why not make the thing out of bamboo like his father did?
scaffold for kids
Playing tag on those things was a lot of fun and considering we also played tag on bicycle on sidewalks without helmets or any protective gear, it wasn't that dangerous.
Ah yes, a patented invetion, far superior to the natural equivalent... trees.
Absolutely feela like an old school Tom video, and thats absolutely brilliant!  As part of the 30's club, I feel your pain through moving throughout the frame!
I slipped once while standing on top, and fell down and landed on a horizontal bar, directly onto my testicle. I was in kindergarten. 😢
I literally saw a kid bounce off every bar on the way down one of these when I was in grade school in like 2002, probably one of the most hilarious-in-hind-sight memories I have
Your US health insurance won't cover a flu shot.
I want to climb on it
Imagine a society that was designed with like forced darwinism in mind, so to get anywhere in public everyone had to be nimble as a cat, due to the obstructive rusty structures blocking every public route from A to B. Rickety foot bridges, those ropes kids have to climb in movies for some reason, those rusty domes, the works just to meet up for lunch with the pals
Is it still bigamy if the two wives are in different dimensions?
Probably more interesting from a place cell perspective than anything 4D related.
That looks exactly like the one at my old school playground somehow
I grew up near Winnetka. I broke my front tooth on a jungle gym. (not this one)
2:24 any cannon is a baseball pitching machine if you look at it right!
The thing about ragdolling to the floor is that it *is* safer than dropping the whole way in one go without the intervening impacts.
When I was a kid we had one of these in the playground. At some point it was pulled out of the ground and set aside and sat there for years. We kids had a blast playing on it.
Fascinating origin for my favorite 1970s piece of playground equipment. I fell hard from the overhead monkey bars due to arthritis and low upper body strength when i was about ten. This let one use lower body strength, too, making it more balanced for kids with different body types.But you're right, we had a lot of incredibly unsafe equipment; what kids have today looks fun as well as safer.
Did bro say he was in his 30s?
TOM SCOTT APPROXIMATE AGE CONFIRMED 0:50
It's fantastic that it's preserved like that.
I only let my kids play in 1 dimension. They are on the straight and narrow.
If you want kids to get used to travelling in three dimensions, why not just let them swim in a pool?
Occasionally my age is hammered home HARD. Today I learned that kids no longer have jungle gyms.😟
👍🏼
The final explanation of the title can  as a wild surprise. Well done. Though it  does seem that the father mustn't have done much tree climbing in his childhood.
Floors are indoors. Outside is the ground.
I have never heard of "Ana" and "Cata" for 4D direction, and I've done SO(4) rotations.
When the fear of some bean counter at an insurance company dictates your choices means we've already lost as a society.
My school climbing frame was made out of triangles that decreased in size to the top to make it domed. Being a 'reading, crafting and singing' type person, I never made it past row three but I still think it was such a cool design.
Would love it if you delved into this subject more.  I’ve read conflicting articles on how much playground safety can help or hinder childhood development.
Now everyone knows you need a screen to rewire kids brains.
I’ve been on that one 😮
insurace is getting ready to not cover Tom going under/around jungle gyms either if he keeps making those noises 😂
let's patent an adult sized one
Very interesting
That's so much safer than the one at my Elementary school. What a luxury to have soft gravel to fall on instead of asphalt.
"I really don't think my US medical insurance would cover someone in his thirties falling off a jungle gym"  That's a really American quote...
Classic jungle gym like this any day over those disgusting plastic tubes.
I thought that hack meant the "cutting" hack
Both my kids broke their arms playing on (falling off) jungle gyms so still some danger there. I’m still embarrassed about one of them, me saying, let’s see what it’s like in the morning after a good night’s sleep.
A lot of children's playground equipment is also designed to help teach "risk assessment" when it comes to jumping across or holding onto something. Very interesting stuff!
I love opening up youtube and seeing the jungle gym that i personally played on as a kid at crow island
Not this particular kids playground thing, but I am sad that the things we used to enjoy before are gone now just because someone thought they might be a little unsafe. On the other hands, the kids got to learn about the dangers in good time before growing up!
I always loved cloning on jungle gyms as a kid. It was cool to be able to climb up, left, right, diagonally, while also feeling safe. Yes I always felt safe cloning a thing like this, even being high up, because I knew I wouldn’t fall fast or far before being able to stop myself.
Where I'm from they're "monkey bars."
Poor man's version of a Geodesic Dome.
They served a purpose... and should still exist. I'm 63... climbed all over them... fell too. Got some scrapes and dings, but nothing major. As kids, we learned that we were not impervious to things that were hard. We learned coordination, we learned how to work together, and we had fun. Sometimes it became our spaceship... with different decks, other times an imaginary treehouse. Today's kids are missing this... missing the experience of learning the things we did, from imagination to it really does hurt if you don't pay attention.
Gonna be honest, I thought you meant a different kind of hacking, and I was very concerned for the children.
You’re insurance would’ve covered it for work purposes hopefully. Do it!
I smashed my nuts on one of these as a kid. To this day I don't know if I'm shooting blanks
I still remember the taste of metal when I slipped on a half-sphere version one of these and bashed my mouth into the metal bars, and then proceeding to fall down to the mulch below
We had the semi-circle jungle gyms at my elementary school.  One was rather large; I used to climb it, perch myself at the peak, and then sit there all recess.  Then other kids would come up and ask me questions and I would dole out my 10-year-old wisdom.
that's a mistake
I used to love playing 3D tag.  We played it often in the jungle gyms in school during the '70s, and in trees when we weren't at school.
I really want to play that 3 dimensional game though
Has anyone managed to build a tesseract jungle gym? 🤔
I think we need to bring back jungle gyms and the like. The benevolent neglect made for tougher people.
Yay tom, been waiting for your next drop  30s??! OM just go and make me feel OLD how bout 😅
_Alice's_ Cheshire Cat predates Hinton by 4 decades ...
50 years ago my friends and I loved messing around on the climbing frame for years.
My favorite playground apparatus.  Inherently more dangerous than a seesaw or slide (though not the way I used them), it beckoned with a call for crashing that surpassed the sense of flying off the swings in a graceful parabolic arc any day I hadn't studied for the upcoming test right after recess.
Coincidentally, Ana and Kata were also the names of Hinton's two wives! 😂
I played in these in the sixties and seventies.
I loved that thing….
Blown away that he's only in his thirties.  In this and past videos I always thought he was a youthful looking person in their late 40s as he moves like I do and I'm 59.
Played on one of those in the 2-4 grades, mid 1960s. Thought it was the greatest thing, Then we moved and my new school did not have one. Still have fond memories of it though.
This is so interesting,  it is almost the same layout as the one I climbed on in 1970s Australia. I had no idea tne design was so universal.
Does this mean fish can understand the fourth dimension?
Charles Wallace approves.
I loved jungle gyms like this as a kid, they were so fun. It became a bummer when the school I went to replaced it with a big, modern wooden structures that look cool until you get on it and then realize it's just some planks that go up to a slide and somewhere you can play tic-tac-toe.
We had one at my elementary school, it was my favorite piece of playground equipment
US medical insurance? HAHAHAHAHAHAH... \*starts crying\*
You're in your 30's?
When I was a kid I loved the jungle gym and the monkey bars, playground carousels, and swings. Playground structures these days have become so "safe" that they're not much fun anymore.
"I have reduced the danger to a practicable minimum" is gonna be what i put on all my dimensional drawings now
This one looks tiny! The one we had at our school was probably 3 times larger, but it was removed when I was in grade 3 or 4 (1999ish). We also had one in the gymnasium that folded into the walls. I don't think we ever had a death, but certainly a few broken bones and undiagnosed concussions...
I love this.
I did the rag doll thing when i was a kid. I don't remember why i hit my head but I do remember being in pain on the ground shortly after.
In all seriousness we need to bring things like this back. There is too much irrational concern about safety today. I remember as a kid playing on a structure about 4 feet taller than this.
you know, i kind of wish they made an adult sized one, or whichever newer version of this new design, but also adult sized.
Also known in my school as "monkey bars".
gunpowder powered baseball pitching machine. I'm not quite sure what's more American than that
It shows how much bigger/taller modern kids are. Those squares in the historical frame are miniature compared to the ones I climbed on in the 70’s, and I thought those were small at the time.
👍
Need a forgotten weapons video on the baseball pitcher
Risky play is great for development, arguably it didnt fail. In Australia we have some incredibly dangerous playgrounds with some heights up to 3m.
I miss these, they were hard to find when I was little and I was always mad when I saw another getting removed. Now I havent seen one for quite some time despite travelling to more places than ever
Congrats on trending
We called them Monkey Bars.
i got blood poisoning through blisters on one of these when I was 5. 0/10 stars, do not recommend.
I would MUCH rather have kids falling off a jungle gym instead of just sitting around staring down at a cell phone all day long.   The constant sitting and lack of physical activity will kill a lot more kids through poor health than any jungle gym ever did.
I was fortunate to grow up next to a park in the 1970s, that had one of those.  They were fun, and no-one was ever injured playing on it.  You could not say the same about see-saws (or teeter-totters)
I remember our school jungle gym well.  1967-70
We called them monkey bars.
:)
Climbing is one of the fun things kids don’t get allowed to do much.  Which is a shame, really.
I remember banging my head when i was a kid on these.
The Adventures of Tom Scott Across the Fourth Dimension (movie remake)
awesome
I forgot those existed, this video unlocked some old memories.
YOU ARE IN THE BURBS TODAY?????
I've fallen off a jungle gym. Pea gravel intersecting with your head does hurt!
We had one of these at my school, circa 70’s.
That was a proper twist at the end. is there any science that has been conducted about the idea of gaining an insight into a higher dimension?
I knew about Charles Hinton (I wouldn't have named myself Tesseract if I hadn't done my research) but i had no idea about Sebastian. Cool stuff!
Yup, that's the thing that caused all the scrapes, cuts, and scars, officer.  You already have Stainless Steel Slide in custody for the burns?  When you capture Swing Set, we'll all rest easier.
I had one just like that, colored bars though...  It was popular with dentists, oddly enough...
I had heard the term Jungle Gym, probably from American TV shows, but I've never seen one until now.  I don't remember anything like this as a kid.
Surprisingly, learning that jungle gyms existed to manipulate children’s brains into understanding the fourth dimension isn’t the strangest thing I’ve heard from Tom Scott.
Sebastian went from kidnapping the Arab dad's son and painting his room to creating jungle gyms, what a world.
fascinating!
The jungle gym at my elementary school claimed lots of ears of kids that fell from the top.  Bing bing bing bing.
I'm sorry the video was interesting but "someone in his 30s" !?? I swear I thought you were at least 50 all these years
Time, what is time? It's the fourth dimension in my mind.
Tom, as an American, I can tell you that your US medical insurance probably wouldn't cover you getting hit by a government vehicle going 45 in a 15 in the wrong direction at rush hour, while you were lawfully crossing at a crosswalk
reading Flatland is the closest I've ever been able to come to understanding 4 dimensions
We loved these things when I was a kid.
I thought bigamy was pronounced by- agamy. Don't know where I got the idea there was an invisible a infront of the g.
The fact that Tom says "peytent" as a noun and "patented" as a verb makes my tummy hurt.
So it can hack a brain but externally and after the scull hack )
Children's bones are soft for a reason :D
In your 30's!?!?!?! Mofo i thought you were 50.
that's so cool!
The design really lasted a long time.  The school I attended as a child had one almost exactly the same.  I think the size was a bit larger but the same design.
All vintage playground equipment were designed to decrease the population of neighborhood children or at least fund the college education of local orthopedic surgeons.
I love how these videos are so concise but still impart so much information!
You can't play three dimensional tag. I've tried. It's a non-game.
a wood jungle gym that old and nobody set it on fire
"almost impossible"... children can find a way!!!
I loved the jungle gym. It was my favorite thing to do on the playground
OMG - you were 5 blocks from my house! If I’d only known you were around!
Child can make every thing dangerous
We are monkeys. We will always need something to climb.
Hey, the second time you've been in my figurative backyard. And who knew Winnetka had a historical society, I sure as heck didn't!
So many pointy edges! You can definitely see the reason for the evolution of things like this
Wondering what else you might have visited while in Chicagoland
Loved the jungle gym! This is a real blast from the past.
Tom said his in his thirties. FInally my dilemma between 25 and 65 has been solved.
AMERICA!!! The only country in the world where "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit  of Happiness" is a basic legal right. But only if your insurance covers you?? Imagine listing things for insurance cover, Can I climb trees? No. Can I climb mountains ? No Can I climb stairs? Only under certain conditions (432 page pdf attached) Can I climb a climbing frame? Not available for people over 10yr old. Can I get Cancer? F**k no! We're not made of happiness!
There was a Gymnast Jungler we called "Bar - Park " that stay up til my 20s and I learned to backflip and running underbar from them and can still do so to this day because of it in my 30s!
I've always considered the term "jungle gym" to refer to a bunch of different designs for things kids climb on.   My elementary school had a big dome shaped one with hexagonal holes all over it. And I've seen them with pyramid shapes too.
Charles Hinton must've been clasically educated (unsurprising, for the time period): 'ana' and 'kata' are Greek prepositions, which can be most simply translated as 'up' and 'down.' They're still around in words like 'Anastasia' and 'catastrophe.'
...and that is something you might not have known.
When I was a kid, we called them monkey bars.
I'm impressed you have American Health Insurance.
I remember that Jungle Gym from Kindergarden! 1961. All the time spent in that school, never heard of an injury from that.  I guess we kids were more careful than modern coddled fragile ones.
Honestly, imagining some kid slipping and pachinko-ing all the way to the bottom is hilarious, even if a bit mean spirited XD
A gun powder pitching machine you say. I just imagined a retired civil war solider who loaded cannons and now uses those skills to work at the batting cages
We had one in my school in the 60's in Australia. We called them monkey bars. It was of a welded construction.
I heard "Hinton" and got worried and I was correct. DO NOT. RESEARCH. THE CUBES.
I kept waiting for a twist, but there wasn't one.  Just a good video.
Yh, I remember so many injuries on this fun thing...
It certainly "hacked" my brain in kindergarten when I fell through one of these and was knocked out cold. Maybe I was viewing the fourth dimension.
it was falling in these that taught critical thinking...notice how both are gone now
Every time I watch one of Tom's videos I'm left wanting to know more! I guess that's the beauty of the format and why it's so popular.
30s?   I’m old Tom.
Really sad the guy who invented this wasn't named Jungle Jim. Shame!
A Tom Scott video that is only 3:42 mins long, it should be a crime not to watch it. What would be the excuse?
Tom Scott is Thirty?!
I always just assumed it was somehow inspired by or related bamboo scaffolding, guess I was wrong
Happy memories climbing on one at school, or in the playground at the local park.
Note to Helicopter Parents everywhere: You're raising the next generation of Eloy...
I grew up in the town next to Winnetka. Never ever thought I'd see Tom so close to home. Wow!
I lost a front tooth on one of these.
This was absolutely fascinating! I think we had one of these at my elementary school, in fact! But the coolest part is definitely the 4D stuff. Really, even using jungle gyms as models of 3D coordinate systems is cool, but trying to extend that to teach 4D is awesome in a bizarre way. Charles Hinton definitely seems like a fascinating person.
Thanks for another reminder of how lousy US health coverage is, even when you have insurance. Scary.
Tries to make kids understand the fourth dimension  Creates playground equipment
I don't get how no one said it yet when I watched this. The main point of information, here, is that Tom is in his thirties ! maybe with some kind of database of all hints we can get from his vids, we could deduce his age. Maybe it's a game all along !
There was a larger version of one these on a concrete base on the recreation ground in my village. You made sure you didn't fall because it hurt ! There was also a slide that was about 15 feet high. No-one ever got more than a few bumps and bruises, but they're all gone now, of course. The modern replacements are safer but won't teach kids to be *very* careful !
You would absolutely be covered by insurance if you fell.
Charles Hinton wasn't guilty of bigamy, he was just in a 4-dimensional marriage.
Hell your US insurance wouldn't cover someone in their pre teens to climb on any kind of jungle gym what so ever.
It was meant to hack kids' brains, but in the end it would just whack kids' brains...
Cool video minus the goofy ass American insurance bit
in his  forthies*. 39 is 40 mate
Turns out humans can handle 4D space just fine! Four-dimentional spatial reasoning in humans by TN Aflalo was a paper published about it in 2008, but you can try it out yourself thanks to developer John McIntosh and should run on most computers, the term 4D Maze Game should get you to the download
I grew up with a playground that had a jungle gym, as well as some monkey bars and a merry-go-round.  And I'm glad I did.
No way tom is only in his 30s
The elementary school I attended had a jungle gym like that (although we called it "monkey bars") on the playground. Tom's description of a child "ragdolling down to the floor" happened many times. Perhaps the gravel on the parking lot that was our playground cushioned their fall, but nobody suffered any lasting injury from it.
Most playgrounds around here are colorful rubber mats with wonky benches. They're not even really playgrounds, and I've never seen them in use.   So I guess they successfully eliminated the potential for injury.
For some reason I remember them being much bigger :D
nice vid
TIL Tom is in his 30s.
One of my few lasting memories of grade school, hitting my head repeatedly on the bars, and several sprained wrists and elbows from falling off them.
Still actively used at almost every kindergarten in Japan.
BRUH you can't just casually drop "ana" and "cata" as fourth dimensional directions like it's no big deal. I've been wondering about these for years!
The Platonic solid jungle gym?
Is it a coincidence that the Tesseract at the end of Interstellar looks like a giant Jungle Gym...?
The most shocking part of this entire video is that you’re only in your 30s…
gunpowder-powered pitching machine?  I can think of several channels that should do a followup on that.
Brilliant!
i loved to exercise on these when i was little
Very glad these have been largely taken down over the years. I busted my front teeth in elementary school on a set of these.
I do feel like this sort of playground equipment is good for our tree dwelling primate brains.
I've hit every joint of my body and head so many times on this and every times it was worth it! 😁😁
The fourth dimension is time, did the "inventor" not know about history books
The idea that today everything needs to be safe and kids can never get hurt is so soul crushing.
Safe is for pu*****.   😂
Ein Kommentar
Pft, wish the climbing frame I had a primary school gave "so many opportunities to catch a bar or vertical". It was half a dodecahedron and only had the outside part. So if you slipped at the top, you had a 6ft fall onto that shredded tyre matting stuff.  Still a big drop for an 8 y/o, but like most things from the 80's, we just learned to not fall off.
I've had a similar idea to intuitively understand 4D. You could create a simulation of a 4D world & then interrace it with a brain. So you would have 4D eyes that see the 4D world & that information gets sent to the brain.  You could do this from birth so the person would only experience the 4D world. Completely immoral from my perspective but I wonder if it would work.
"Accounts differ on how well it worked and how many injuries it caused." That's the sign of a work of either madness or brilliance.
I wonder who started building roundish climbing frames shaped like sections of geodesic spheres.
very cool
I used to really like those basic kind of climbing frames :)
algorithmic punch!
We have one exactly the same in one of our local parks in the UK my kids were on it this weekend along with the talest metle slide I have ever seen
I don't think I've ever seen a jungle gym like this. The ones I've seen are half domes, and since they are made of triangular sections of steel, inherently very stable.
Who remembers Johnny Weissmuller as "Jungle Jim"?
Wait did Tom Scott just claim he was in his 30s?! I could have sworn he was older, he is like a vampire, I swear he must not age like us mere mortals
Wow the one at our local park in a tiny town in the USA looked incredibly similar to that one. It was removed long ago though and replaced by one of the plastic things with slides.
You've got a lot of courage to enter an active war zone like Chicago.
Brilliant theory for teaching the fourth dimension. Great video and surprisingly cool topic
u
It's so cool that they were invented to teach kids the fourth dimension! That's so interesting!
Has anyone checked the health of Tom's back and knees since he made this video? 😂😂
I have never seen or heard of anything like this, I don't think it was ever done around here at all. So I'm not convinced it was so inevitable that this design must have been invented.
I read the title as hack, like with a machete and was majorly confused.  Now i feel quite relieved
What the hell is a jungle gym?
Wow i've played on those so much as a kid growing up but i would never imagine it had ties with the fourth dimension
Nice.
I love that the text box in the thumbnail goes in between the bars of the frame, being in front of some and behind others.  Just small little details :D
this prototype looks like bamboo scaffolding
"Kids go play on the Jungle Gym" >okay mama "Kids, come out its time to go." >Mother, I have developed insight into the fourth dimension.
We had a jungle gym very much like this at my Primary School in rural New Zealand in the 70s. I assume, judging by the similarity in its design, it was an authentic one.
I was born in 1963 in the UK and climbing frames like the one show were a common feature in playgrounds of my youth - although they were usually made from galvanised tubes and elbow joints screwed into eachother to avoid those sharp bolts on the clamps. I and my friends played on them all the time and got no injury worse than gravel rash from falling onto the gravel at the bottom (no softy rubber mats for 60's child!) - the roundabouts and slides were far more hazardous and we actually learned to take care when using them, almost everyone having been thrown off a roundabout sideways or shot off a slide and immense velocity where some wag had waxed the brass surface- although we heard stories and warning about kids that broke arms and legs (something of an occupational hazard of childhood in those days - I broke my foot tripping on a step and a lot of kids at school turned up from time to time with plaster castes on that you were required to sign with a rude message). Nowadays play equipment I have seen in parks is thankfully more imaginative and much safer than in my childhood, and I consider that to be a good thing.
Well, that was something I might now have known.
We used to call them monkey bars and yes we played tag on them, lots of fun.  Had the wind knocked out of me a few times.
We had one of these in the playground where I grew up. I feel like it was a bit bigger than this one, maybe not much, but I was small. It was fantastic. I can't imagine it is still there now but I loved it when I was 5.
I'm 31 and still don't understand the forth dimensions. I have fallen of a considerable number of playgrounds tough, which may or not be related.
HA Jokes on him, when I was 7yo I falled from one of these and hit my head
Surely a gunpowder-powered pitching machine is just a weak cannon?
These days playground equipment for parks, schools etc are so expensive.
everything at school is part of the prussian indoctrination system
I am a physical education student, who has previously studied engineering. It's needless to say I love this, but I'm saying it anyway: I love this.
Not just this unit, but the idea stayed in play for years. I'm 67 & remember these things in use at not just schools but public playgrounds.
Carl Sagan said there's no way for us to see a tesseract, but we can see its shadow.
Very cool!
Look up "Rope Net Pyramid". I played on one that was 40 foot tall when I was a kid. It used the same idea that a kid could not make it to the ground from the top without getting caught on a rope.
We had one in my elementary school ! Kids were just sitting on the top usually
Interesting biography is just scratching the surface, there ^^
"My Dad made something like this out of bamboo when I was a child" Sound like admitted prior art to me -The USPTO probably
I love how you can make the most simple things incredibly interesting and provide the story behind it
There's a dinosaur-themed one like this in a park in my area! They have a slide, swings and a jungle gym that are all shaped like dinosaurs and it's so cool! :D
Please be all reminded that Tom did parkour. Now watch him move around the jungle gym. So much agility!
So glad I can now walk up to strangers on the street and scream "the jungle gym was invented to teach kids about the fourth dimension! Open your eyes sheeple!"
Looks very small to be a climbing frame
Tom Scott in Illinois? Should visit the Bahai house of worship. Lots of material for a video
I loved playing on these in the 80's. It's too bad that we were not tought the way it was intended to be played on.
I loved when the climbing frames were wheeled out at school and we played tag. One of the rules were that feet were not allowed to touch the floor.
That's great! Just sent me the length, depth, width and height of your 4d jungle gym and I'll have my construction team install it at the school playground.
interesting... (my friends are gonna be so annoyed once I start talking about it)
I once did one of those indoor skydiving tunnels.  One thing I noticed was that humans are very used to navigating their bodies in 2 dimensions since gravity holds us firmly to whatever is under us. In the tunnel you essentially take gravity away. So while controlling your body in the  left/right, forward/back axis was fairly straightforward,  up/down did not come naturally and required a significant increase in mental power.  So I think he was on to something with the learning in 3D..
I'm sorry, I didn't hear anything after the shock of learning what "Jungle Gym" means. All my life I've been picturing something grand and a bit jungly, and now I learn that it's just a bloody climbing frame?!
us medical insurance may be difficult to get and expensive, but it would, in fact, cover you if you fell off the jungle gym
I was always hesitant to use these because even as a kid it seemed inevitable to me that you're going to hit your head at some point, no matter how careful you are.
why do i have never seen such a playground object?
I remeber seeing one several years ago that was well over 12ft tall, the kids LOVED it. Had a massive web of bungee cords in the dead space, and several warning signs too. Even the kids want a little danger
So if his dad published a paper on that and described the equipment used in the experiment wouldn't that has constituted prior art 🤔  And made the probably now expired patent invalid from the get go 🤔
Raised climbing monkey bars and got 750 on my math SAT- enough said.
I'm going to buy my son a climbing frame in the hope it will help shape his brain for inventing a time machine when he grows up
Our family’s backyard monkey bars (that’s what we called them) were on a different plan. But we spent countless hours on them and made up games involving them. Unbelievable how few injuries came of it.
How would your medical insurance know you got hurt climbing on the Jungle Gym?
How very fun looking - I'll climb it!!! 😉😀🚂🚂🚂
Now _that_ is an interesting twist. I see the logic- we are usually only moving around across two dimensions- but it is also flawed- we do look up and down across the sky and into trees, witnessing the third dimension. Getting kids moving around intuitively through three dimensions won't really allow them to see into a fourth dimension, unfortunately, as we don't have that many dimensions on hand to have kids looking into...
I think that human brains comprehend 3D navigation as layers of 3D planes. So that doesn't really translate into understanding 4 dimensions.
We had one of these in my school. We used to call this "squirrel cage"
Awesome video! As I’m pushing 60, I am old enough to have used playground equipment like that. Back in the day, play came with a certain risk of injury. I’d like to think we had the opportunity to learn from our mistakes, as we fell off of equipment, flew off of swing sets, burned ourselves on metal slides that had been in the sun all day. There was no such thing as a resilient surface… It was all concrete or asphalt. Those were the days.
Very interesting background for a playground climbing structure.
this was so much fun as a kid we had one with a dome at the top and a pole to slide down in the middle. i still have blisters on my hands from dangling on this and monkey bars im almost 40
I remember my Primary School having had one of a similar design back in 80s UK.  It wasnt bound together with scaffolding clamps though.  It had the same cuboid shape with a 'hat' on top.  This is crazy.
This was my jungle gym when I was at Crow Island in Winnetka in the 1990s. Never thought it was odd or notable until now, but we were taught about its history and significant and just kept climbing it!
How did I never know that was there? I've been by there probably hundreds of times as a kid?
THERE IS A 30FT TALL PYRAMID ROPE VERSIONOF THIS NEAR ME, INSTALLED IN THE LAST 3 YEARS.
1:20 well, the jungle gym was definitely dangerous to the compression algorithm at this point. Look what it did to your face.
Thus turned out to be even more of a Tom Scott video than I expected
🤩 looks fun They should make adult version of this
I never imagined I'd hear about my home town in a Tom Scott video
Is that a picture of Charles Hinton himself? That looks like Graham Chapman in disguise
Definitely an awesome backstory behind it!
I remember one being installed at RAF Odiham when I was 7 in 1952. It was not very safe and had a concrete base.
Charles Hinton was a bit too optimistic. When humans walk in 2 dimensions, we usually don't think about it on mathematical coordinates.
Funnily enough, I do have a fairly intuitive grasp of visualising 4D space. I wouldn’t attribute that to climbing frames and trees though!
At my elementary school maybe around 1978, we had a hollow half dome about 5 feet high, constructed of tubular steel triangles and some shredded bark underneath that would not offer too much cushioning.
Well, if we just redefine the fourth dimension as "pain", then maybe it wasn't a failure.  In my elementary school, I think I knew someone at each grade level who broke their arm on some variant of this thing.
Awesomeness
I can testify that the "little less geometric" part is true. I've seen many of these "pyramid" shaped ones made of rope in my days. At Folkets Park in Malmo there was a giant one... at least I think so, or at least it looked giant from an eight-year-old's perspective. Didn't get to climb it much, and I think it got removed. Didn't see any for a long time until I saw one get erected just a few years ago close by. I think it is three times my height. I climbed it one autumn/winter day when the weather wasn't the best, which is definitely the time to do so when there are no other kids occupying it. ;D
That's the primer for a short sci-fi story right there...
As featured in the start of every episode of the Simpson's as a view of the Springfield Elementary School.
I remember my nursery school(UK)  having a wooden version of a climbing frame in the class room. That was about 1965, it was old a rickety then. Were wooden ones a commercial product or was my school's a knock-off by somebody's who saw it in a picture?
Not all playing can be perfectly safe, and they're fun to climb on. I did so as a kid, though we didn't have a "full" one like that at my school.
No clickbait here. Thank you Tom
Great video!
neat!
Good god the YouTube encoder hates this video. This must be done kind of hitherto unknown torture test for motion vectors in compression
That’s a mad history
why should you not be allowed to climb a climbing frame? its excerice your insurance is dumb.
Wait, you are only in your 30's?
He’s in his 30s? Wow. Wouldn’t have guessed that
I have one of those in my city park, didn't even know what they're called untill novw
Huh, well these aren’t around much anymore but when I was 12 they were everywhere and I played on them a lot. Never knew their purpose.
Months off being 40, Tom!
My grade school (back in the 70's) had the very same thing.  I'll have to see if it's still there though I doubt it.
There is something missing in this video: Tom yelling "one take!" at the end of the video. This may well be one of the few videos taken in one take :)
I fell from the top of one while hanging by my knees and broke my front tooth out. Lucky I didn’t break my neck.
I loved these as a kid. Yes, there are many opportunities to catch bars... with your head. Bonked my head so many times on these. Still remember them fondly.
We all thought you were in your 40s who knew.
He's only in his 30s?!
Almost like the one I climbed on at my elementary school in Baltimore, Maryland, but it’s missing the hard asphalt pavement beneath.
OH HE HINTED AT HIS AGE
Most climbing frames now days were fun and dangerous before health and safety came into affect. And many kids playgrounds do need health and safety as there has been lots of accidents.
All of our playground equipment was built over asphalt. It gave us a marvelous incentive to develop our skills.
I grew up with one of those in my elementary school playground - it was phenomenally fun, but incredibly dangerous when it rained! And forget having it over a soft material like they do now, no sir, it was on blacktop! 😂
Amazing that was considered the safest design at the time. Just looking at it I can imagine 10 different ways to break my spine
I liked it because it was dangerous.
I loved that when I was in school ... and I became a mathematician ...
"So many opportunities for a child to catch a bar..." With their teeth
this would never be a viable product today too many parents think they need to envelop their children in bubblewrap
*tries to teach them 4 dimensional maths* *kis use it as a climbing frame*  Yea... in the image of god... It seems god might be a monkey himself tbh... I mean those instincts must have come from somewhere, right?
anyone else couldn't take their eyes off tom's package????
The fact that we have directional terms for the fourth dimension is honestly the most surprising thing out of all of this. And that it was thought about such a long time ago. Well done!
That’s not how medical insurance works. Of course they would cover it.
It took me a bit to realize that the "hack kids' brains" in the title meant "trick" and not the violent option.
Huh, this is neat! Who knew!
I give directions in four dimensions all the time. "If the door is locked, just come on in. Just go two steps ana, two steps forward, and then two kata. The umbrella will be right next to you as you take the second step kata. Please don't knock it over."  And yes, this works on bank safes too. 🤑
very intresting!
Those were fun. Hitting every bar on your head and chest, falling was fun.
We still have one in our local park.  Slightly different configuration, though.  The top has a single cube in the center of one side, which has a platform on it, so you stand at the level of the primary top, but are surrounded by bars-- except for the side facing out.  That has a fireman's pole to slide down!   :D
Lets be real, american health care coverage is an oxymoron.
My elementary school had a jungle gym of this exact design. I remember the double-tall openings on the side. I also remember us racing through and swinging under the horizontal bar that cut across the straight path through the middle. IIRC, there were also some side paths inside that were double-tall making a mix of through and under / over to move around the interior. This was in the southern US in the 1980s.
This feels like it was originally meant to be an episode of Citation Needed.. 😅
I'd rather fall on the dirt than hitting a wooden beam with my had... but nonetheless am interested invention!
Charles Howard Hinton invented a system of coloured cubes known as “Hinton’s Cubes” which when used over and over were supposed to give the user “a dim, intuitive view of the fourth dimension”.
in germany we have ones from rope and not as boxy they look like bog spider webs
My city has a multilevel like jungle gym building, so there’s no roof, but stair and slide and holes so you can play tag and the options become unlimited. So fun
I know it was just a throwaway line, but I’m near certain your medical insurance would cover jungle gym injuries.
Anyone else get Frank Reynolds vibes from Tom this video?
I have actually climbed on one of those. It's boring, you climb it and then what? Each bit is just like all the other bits. Now those dodecahedral one made of tensioned rope are much more interesting.
Your 30s is an excellent age to be climbing on jungle gyms.
These were very popular in the Eastern Bloc
Now I need to call my insurance company...
I can't believe he's just 39 he's looked 40 ever since I've known of his existence at least I thought he was pushing 50
How many chipped teeth? I miss the monkey bars on tarmac playgrounds of my youth.
someone in his thirties...? sorry Tom, nobody's buying it. you cant be that wonderfully silver, even at 39 surely.
How old is Tom Scott he can't be in his thirties
Always entertaining, sometimes intriguing.  This time,,, both, plus amusing , watching you maneuver the jungle gym without climbing on it.
A really fancy climbing frame is to be called a "Rainforest James"
"I HAVE REDUCED THE DANGER!"
The idea of multi-dimensional toys remind me of a scifi story called Mimsy Were The Borogoves where a scientist in another dimension sends his kid’s “basic” 5D toys through a wormhole to test it, and they end up with some contemporary Earth kids, who play with them so much they learn to travel in the other dimensions.
German here: I've never seen a jungle gym in person. I think they straight up don't exist here
Wow
0:47 "Someone in his thirties" - Wait, what?
I remember climbing about on one of those back in my child hood, was great fun back then.
How on earth was that last shot created?!
2:04 up to this moment, Tom correctly pronounced "patent". From this moment on, he says "pattent". And he was doing so well.
My grade school had one (1970s Brooklyn, NY). I climbed up it a few times.
are you are only in you 30s, gosh i thought 40s.
Ok, ok, ok, i admit. That's cool.
Ooh, a scaffolding
World Chase Tag...?
at the apartments where I grew up they had a mid sized metal jungle gym and I fell off and hit my head so many times they they had to take it down. I will never forget seeing the big claw crane just pulling it out of the ground 😭
Welcome to Chicago!
A baseball machine powered by gunpowder. Peak 'Murica moment
3:43 fin.
Youtube's compression really screwed up that shot in the end, unless you watch it in 4k.
Aah so this is why Tom became mayor of hell
Aah so this is why Tom became mayor of hell
The amount of heat that this particule jungle gym looks like it would conduct looks horrifying.
Crazy Family. imagine your father named THE 4 dimensional object
The (very well deserved) shade towards the US insurance industry 🤣🤣🤣
4rth spacial dimention is easier to grasp thanks for people making sandboxes and video games were you can manipulate the 4rth dimension as a 3d individual
As a child, we’d hang upside down - the number of head wounds was significant!
Putting the fourth dimension in the title would have been more clickable to me than “hack kid’s brains”
I played on these in the late 70s. What fun! Lot's of kids did fall, including me, but nobody was seriously injured. But I look back and wonder how we didn't have more broken bones...
its not really dangerous at all heare in germany we have something like this with ropes and different shapes many of them are 8 to 10 meters tall. if you fall you fall not a big problem you land on sand or something maybee you can brake a bone but thats something kids need to learn
cool
We had one of these in the playground by where I grew up in west London in the 70s
0:47 But the real question is: would his US medical insurance cover someone hurting his back when crawling under a bar (3:00)?
I remember these were fun, taller ones than this, but i would mostly climb straight to the top and then sit on top and watch the world
Thinking that humans understand three dimensions because we move in two dimensions and get a "plus one," ignoring the fact that we very clearly move in three dimensions from birth, may be one of the silliest things I've heard
Hubbard Woods school was a pioneer with classroom design, having doors that led outside.
0:48 someone in his 30's? Tom you're 40 in November bro, I think you should have said "someone who is nearly 40" which would have been more accurate.
Kewl 😮❤
We called them monkey bars where I lived in New York City. And they weren't complete unless they were fastened to a concrete or asphalt floor, just to make them that much more dangerous.
So for this Tom was in Chicago and then went to Hell Michigan
KEEPING KIDS IN BOXES 🤣 CONDITIONING THEM FOR LIFE UNTIL THEY END UP IN A BOX  Served its purpose - Does the end justify the means.
I always knew them as monkey bars
That right there was a Canon Event
Safer than a tree
My elementary school had one that my memory says is identical to that original into the late 1980s, until it was replaced by a more modern one that also replaced other playground toys at the same time.
When I was a child in the American Deep South, these things on the school playground were called "monkey bars," never "jungle gyms" or "climbing frames."  The term "monkey bars," in the larger culture today, seems to be restricted to a linear horizontal ladder-like device from which children hang by the upper extremities.
Today it's a situationship; back then it was "bigamy"
Imagine if those kids accidentally invented time travel though
Of course Tom knows that an effective method to teach children to think intuitively about three dimensional movement would be to give them all jetpacks like he has.
Why exactly is the insurance policy on people in their 30s relevant?
Thank you.
"*I* have reduced the danger"
They were really fun to play on
There's also like a hundred places and way to casually sit or hang on any given frame so that's a plus.
That was interesting, the only times I've seen a structure like that was in Korean TV-shows. When I was a kid, play structures were in wood and metal, no plastic in sight. We got metal half spheres made out of triangles, not anything like that.
So, uhhh, did the kids get tetanus shots back in the day? Just out of curiosity...
My kindergarten and elementary school both had "jungle gyms" in the form of an open dome. Imagine two tall walls of verticle pipe standing perpendicular to each other, each bent over to touch the ground, and the pipes welded together where they crossed (except of course, there was actually only one plane of welded pipe. It stood maybe 5 feet tall over hard-packed clay, tall enough a kindergartener could get seriously hurt, especially as some of the pipes were removed at the top, leaving a rectangular opening kids invariable sat around dangling their legs. An injury-producing fall was not something anyone feared, it was just life and you watched out for it. The merry-go-rounds, on the other hand, they were deathtraps banner a few years later.
I beleive climbing things like this, help children understand simple physics.  Not nessicerrally the actual laws and everything, but understanding, if I swing with this rate of speed, i can let go and grab another bar, and so on, and falling is part of it.  I fell and bumped my head and what not.  Wrapping everyting in bublewrap and tape and ensuring a kid is never hurt, or can get, thats not good IMO....  kids need to get hurt sometimes.  Yes bad ones where a kid can get impailed or something severe, yes that is very bad, but a couple bumps and bruises, it teaches the kids important lessons on physics...  Child of the 80's/90's here.  The last great generation...  before my generation screwed it be pussifying the new generations now in their 20's....  ugh...
Did anyone mention that he is related to Geoffrey Hinton?
I loved the JungleGyms as a kid, even though an accident on one when I was 7 resulted in the loss of a tooth when I was 32... I still have the scar on my lower lip from that day.
@TomScottGo Interestingly as well, Hinton's contemporary relatives also includes Geoffrey Hinton modern, Godfather of Deep Learning.
I grew up playing on the Jungle Jims, and I never knew ANYONE who got hurt playing on them. Even you hint and falling through and banging heads. Today’s society is so pampered, protected from every bump and bruise ,is it any wonder boys are being confused with girls ?  This made kids use their brains and bodies .
Thank you Tom, obviously demands a longer video on the pater... 😊
Never thought I'd see you visit my hometown!
He looks so old, very sad
I've played regular tag on jungle gym like devices before, never knew that was what they were created for !
Maybe it's just me but I fail to see the "hack kids' brains" part. Can anyone help me?
I always had fun on those.  Even that one time I actually did rag-doll all the way from the top to the ground.
Had so much fun playing on these while growing up. These days if it isnt covered in safety foam and requires installing a cell phone apt. Kids will not even mess with it.
There was a wooden one in a park across the street from my parents house, but it got removed when I was around 7 or 8 and replaced with a straight tube slide, a swing set, a pair of spring mounted riding toys and an abstracted steam locomotive and tender climbing set.  The jungle gym was more fun according to every kid in the town.
The fourth dimension is not to ram into some other kids with timely calculations
I read Flatland by Edwin Abbott as a child, and many times since, and it has given me whatever tenuous grasp of four dimensional geometry that i possess. I also liked playing on a Jungle Gym, but never thought the two might have anything to do with each other.
Hey! I played on those as a kid since I lived in the Chicago area. I don't recall any of us kids getting injured on these. Maybe a bruise or a bump on the head but nothing serious. I grew up in a time when parents told kids to be careful rather than calling lawyers at the slightest opportunity.
This reminds me that my contribution to mankind is still zero
It may well have been more dangerous, but I have to admit that nothing in my childhood was quite as much fun as climbing trees!
"I really don't think my US medical insurance would cover [...] falling off a jungle gym."  Why does every European & brit seem to subscribe to these idiotic myths about the US healthcare system?   Of course you would be covered. Accidents and diseases are the two main reasons US healthcare insurance exists, FFS.
Hi, im Tom Scott, and ive traveled 4000 miles to Chicago to record a 3 minute video.
Hi Tom!  I wish I had been a more active child.
You are only hours away from the Mississippi River.  Come play on our WIDE Houseboats!
Tom, I live 4 blocks from the WHS. This is the jungle gym I played on as a kid.
Now I want to see a sci-fi series based upon the tiny percentage of children who really did learn fourth-dimensional geometry from jungle gyms, and gained strange new dimension-hopping powers as a result.
So in a sense, the jungle gym is the child of the tesseract.
When I was a kid in school a million years ago we call them Monkey Bars.
I love how you said medical insurance wouldn't cover you climbing it but you proceed to anyhow and potentially get stuck in there. Having to get the fire brigade to remove you from an historic structure
Cool. Of course, at that time no one appreciated the value of straight "play" in the development of children's minds and bodies. My 62 year-old self was chuckling at the stiffness of your 30 odd year-old body working its way through the jungle gym.  Its starting to catch up with you Tom.
Heh; that looks like the one that was on the playground when I was growing up. Installed on solid blacktop playground. Good times.
this video contained a slew of interesting facts to recount at parties. thank you tom o7
I’ve  ifeo
The fourth dimension? Didn't they sing baby I want your love?
We finally have an estimate on how old Tom is.
The city park in my hometown had one of those, and it may still be there. The only difference I can see is that ours had a zigzag path from corner to corner through the lower two tiers.
The public playing fields near me had one when I was little. I fondly remember the cheap concrete floor it was secured in made of sharp stones, the magical sparkles of the carpet of broken glass and the throb of the head injuries from misjudged movements and slips.
This isn't far from my house, yet I never knew this was here!
As someone who works in patents, I'm going to be real: the inventor probably DID understand that there might be disadvantages to the setup 😂 However, the drafting attorney would be MAD to mention that in the patent (unless there was another embodiment that dealt with that disadvantage) -- it can only be used against you!  Patents (patent applications) also aim to cover the widest ground possible for the idea, so it's not surprising that the claim didn't cover any particular shape but something closer to "any arrangement of pipes".  P.S. Congrats on actually correctly referring to the document as a "patent" -- often people say "patent" when they mean "patent application", which can lead to some wildly misleading headlines and takes, a la "I can't believe someone patented a bottle of water, how is this the world we live in?" when really all that's happened is someone has told you they WANT to patent a bottle of water -- no guarantee that they actually get to!
My class did our senior class picture on one of those and collapsed it. We chose that pic for the yearbook. Priceless memories.
"thirties" ... what?
Must admit I spent more time loosening the bolts with my dad’s adjustable spanner than actually playing on it at our local park 😅
I recal watching a kid durring my kindergarden falling inside and bouncing on the frame until he smashed his face on the ground. The bouncing did slowed down his fall, but his head was full of bumps.  The kid came back a couple of days latter and they've had already dismantled  the "jumgle gym". Although we all knew why is face looked like that, nobody ever spoke of that incident again.
30s?
That digression about Charles Hinton sounded like the solution to an episode of "Citation Needed"
I loved the one we had in out primary school in the 90s. About 1 1/2 stories high and the only protection between you and the very hard floor was the barely 2 inch gym mats. That thing was fun.
I played alot of Tag in a Jungle Gym at our school in the 80s It was fun! As boys, you get hurt sometimes, but not so bad. Thank you for your video ✌️
It's only bigamy in 3 dimensions.
It’s so cool to see that you were in Winnetka, IL.  My mother worked for several years in Winnetka. We had dealings with the Historical Society, in fact.
I really disagree that It's one of those inventions that "had to happen." For simplistic things like this, people always say "it would have happened eventually" "someone was bound to come up with this" but I really don't think so. In the time it takes for the world to end, there's going to have been an infinite number of things humans could have - but did not come up with. In our time, something is either here or it isn't and there's no inevitability to anything we create or achieve. Maybe something SIMILAR would have replaced it, maybe, but I don't think you could definitively say this would have always existed, and I don't think we should discredit the historical importance of people behind rudimentary or simplistic inventions with these claims, as if to not only downplay their contributions, but their entire existence. We have the Jungle Gym because of Sebastian Hinton and Charles Hinton. Anyway, Great insightful and interesting video, but I did feel the need to call out that one assertion.
great video scott, didnt know a climbing frame had so much history behind it :)
Cops and robbers on a dome jungle gym is one of the greatest games alive
Let's build it over some cinders and muddy puddles so that it will break their fall.
How many injured kids in the history of that?
Is tom Scott a scot?
See guys, engineers can be inspired by random things such as childhood climbing frames to design new stuff to help society.
Quite Interresting
Growing up in the 70s you weren’t a player unless you had a few scars on your head from these climbing frames. I was at the hospital every other week getting my head stitched up.
I played on a climbing frame just like that one in an English playground back in the 1980s.  My memory is of it being quite a bit larger, but I was quite a bit smaller.  I have a scar on my hand from falling off of it and landing on glass.
As a police officer in Winnetka for 3 decades I responded to several kids who were hurt playing on this at Crow Island School over the years. Thankfully none were hurt badly, just some scrapes, bruises and a broken finger here and there. Crow Island School was always an innovative place, as was Winnetka as a whole,  both still are and I am blessed to have made a career there.
We used to call them monkey bars and they were in every park, except the Lion's Club park, and the Central communal park near my grandparents' house, to my knowledge had the largest one of these. Fun times!
There's a giant 50 feet jungle gym in a playground somewhere. It uses rope in hexagon shapes with platforms and little houses. I wonder if anyone fell from it.
30s? Jesus. What happened?
2:34 I wonder if non-monogamy is more common among outside-the-box thinkers? Eg. This guy and Einstein.
0:50 Excuse me? I know the US medical system is dumb, but the insurance won't even pay if you do something childish? How can people even live over there?🙃
Me "you cant make a bit of steel bar interesting" Tom Scott "Hold my Tesseract..."
Ragdolling , means to slip or fall from  one horizontal bar in such a way that the child slips down to a lower bar down in a prone position  . Hitting their stomachs in a painful way on a bar below  and repeating all the way down to the ground.
On my city there was a 3 meters height one. Undoubtedly unsecure, I don't even know how people thought that was a good idea for children but dang, I loved that thing, by far one of my favorites things on the parks.
"someone in his 30's..." - citation needed?
THIRTIES??????????
Tom is in his 30s?? I guess it makes sense, given he looks 20 and 40
...as portrayed on the SNL skit with Nicole Kidman and Mike Myers many years ago in the Hyper Hypo playground schene, albeit more colorfully painted of course  ;)
Baseball pitching with gunpowder is something for Smarter Everyday.
Crazy to see this, I used to play on that ( the exact one ) when it was located at the Crow Island Scool in Winnetka. There was also the coolest playground at that school callled “the Mungus”.
I do not like looking at jungle gyms. Something about open, repeating, geometric patterns in 3 dimensions really messes with my brain like a short circuit. I wonder if that's a common thing.
Spkin of these bein replaced more and more... I actually have a park near me with a much more modern take on a jungle gym that feels wayyyyy safer than those all metal ones ever felt heh  Its thick rope with like plastic ball joints thruout to create the structure. I thoroughly enjoy on and within that thing, tho the ropes are rougher on my hands; i feel less afraid of dmg from bein thrust into the rope for example than i did with metal jungle gyms which totes caused more than a few minor injuries for me as a child
The concept of the fourth dimension pass me by and I think children would ignore any adult try to explain it. :) Thank you and have a good day.
Great video, Tom, but I wish you wouldn’t use clickbait.
Ana?  No, Kata, your other Ana!
As a European, Jungle Gyms are something I've only ever seen on TV.  We had some climbing structures, but they we'rent standardised and had all different shapes and structures.
incredible video, this is wild!!!
When I saw the thumbnail I assumed Tom was about to take on The Great Kahli in a Punjabi Prison match.
After playing DBD for almost 4 years, I'll never see the word "jungle gym" the same
wonder if Charles Hinton theorized that monkeys could think in the fourth dimension
When I woke up this morning, I wasn't expecting that I was about to take a 3 minute crash course on the history of the jungle gym. Thanks, Tom!
That was the perfect amount of time to pack a cone.
I used to have one in the backyard. best used as, 1. a cubby.  cover in tarps and cover with planks perfect for backyard camping. 2. climbing 3.hanging out  4. Jumping off it onto a wet soapy trampoline with springs and no safety mats
Jungle Jim's were fantastic, I've spent hundreds of hours as a kid and some as an adult with my kids Playing on them, it's a shame so many have been removed on the spurious grounds of health and safety.
Wondering if anyone else had the steam train climbing frame anywhere near them I spent an ungodly amount of time on one of those
I feel hurt just looking at those exposed nuts. Yeras ago such pierced my arm, sticking out of handle in the bus. Every climbing frame I've seen here in Poland used welded construction. Most dangerous part were sheet joints on slide that could slice your butt or at least trousers.
Very small compared to the one I used to play on
Cool!  You brought back fond memories.  We had one in our backyard in Tulsa when I was about 6 (7 decades ago).
Tom is most definitely not in his thirties. He is an immortal being that was born at the same time Zeus, tasked with teaching us mere mortals of the 21st century.
I played a lot with one like this in my school when I was 6. But it was colorful, it had like 5 or 6 colors. And it was installed in a sandbox
A jungle gym for the body and a tesseract gym for the mind.  Quite the origin story for the humble jungle gym.
1:12 omitting a word from a quote is completely acceptable when that word is “practicable”.  Tom made a good call on that one.
🤗: Jungle Gym 🧐: Climbing Frame
This tickled my inner nerd brain in the best way! As an adult now, I think 3D tag would be fun though! I could see a bunch of nerdy college students doing that.
Any kid who didn't grow up with these is weaker by comparison.  You also have the opportunity for more brain cells.
Those scaffolding connectors don't strike me as particularly safe. In fact, if they did strike one of my kids, I would be engaging a lawyer - just as soon as we got home from A&E... Surprised also that he didn't specify that these things should be constructed on a soft base. And lastly - back in the 60s, my sister did actually fall from one of these, and broke her arm!
Old Rusty hits differently than I remember
It’s alright, we got smart phones to do that now
Charles just married in a dimension higher than most people.
It would be interesting to run an experiment whrere a house (or apartment, either/or) is fully filled with climbing frames so that the whole interior space is just a climbing frame space. Then, let experiment participants live in that space for, let's say a week? a month?  That could generate meaningful changes in movement / space perception, if the whole living space is navigable like this, and a long enough time is spent in to allow for truly exploring and adapting to navigating it.
Hey, they hacked brains ok. I'm old enough that my elementary school still had one because of "lack of funds for playground updates." It definitely gave me a "brain hack" when i was hanging from a top center bar and someone tickled my armpits making me slip and go pinball style down the bars to the bottom.
Wait I'm sorry, shouldn't health insurance cover you regardless of how you hurt yourself?! It can't be true that they would deny you coverage because you hurt yourself in the wrong way...!
I would've loved to have one of this as a kid. Now I am constrained to the second dimension.
neat!
Calling it a climbing frame feels like a a trick to see if the Americans will question it
Pure Tom Scott. That moment when a really interesting video on climbing frames segues from securing it so it doesn't wibble and wobble to all wibbly wobbly hyper-dimensional physics.  👏👏👏
Tom scott just revealed his age to us
When I was a kid in very rural Catskill mountains, we had something similar.  We called them trees.  And hitting the ground if that one branch broke, well, that was semi-educational.  Our small minds performed tremendous analysis, performing load bearing computations, and made damn sure we knew last year's safe branch ain't gunna hold this year's bigger kid.  We often took the risk anyway because scars are cool.
Enjoyable video, but based on a nonsense premise. This is such a simple idea that I can't accept the idea of someone "inventing it" or there being enough reason to patent it. I guarantee that people built things like these for up to millenia ago, for as long as they've had the skill to tie some sturdy 3D cube together out of wood and string.
How many times do you think Tom bonked his head on one of the bars of the jungle gym?
Here in the UK, a 'Jungle Jim' was defo not a climbing frame 🤣💩
I fell from the top, down middle to the ground, and broke my arm. Loved those things.
The SCP Foundation contained Tom Scott inside 4D jungle gym hell... It didn't work.
Tom apparently has a US medical insurance even though he lives in the UK
I expected a jungle themed fitness studio and now I kinda want that. 😂
Oh, the bone breaker.
I'm a British Forces child and in Fallingbostel, Germany, back in 1976 while I was at 'Scott School' (coincidence?.... yep... named after Captain Robert Falcon Scott (the Antarctic explorer)... the adjoining school was called 'Shackleton School' btw)... I 'ragdolled' through one of these frames, banging my head and biting nearly clear through my tongue which, after a fair bit of hospital work healed nicely. Never forget it.  Shame I didn't fall a bit to the 'ana' or 'kata' but then I might've ended up mirror-reversed.
“We built a 3D structure to help kids understand the fourth dimension” Meanwhile, living in a 3 dimensional world, which often requires vertical movement to navigate a space. (Stairs, ladders, climbing)
Only in your 30s? :P
There actually is professional tag that uses big climbing frames. It's not something I'd have ever figured I'd enjoy, but it pops up in my recommended every now and then and it's probably a more intense sport than football or baseball just because of the athleticism required...
If Newton had a jungle gym as a kid he probably would have discovered gravity sooner
I've never heard of a jungle gym
The biggest takeaway in this video is that Tom is "someone in his 30's"
I agree with the newsletter, that's a risky title to use in 2023, the age of "WELL, ACKSCHUALLY--".
That's really cool!
From what I understand from the parks classes I've taken, ragdolling to the floor is the point of structures like these even today! The idea is that every time a child hits something on the way down it slows them down, and their injuries aren't as severe as say falling straight to the ground from a tree. Kids will hurt themselves playing, it's part of growing up. The goal is to prevent life changing injuries.
These videos where you don't interview anybody are the best!
I loved those types of jungle gyms. I only ragdolled all the way to the bottom once.
In the Eastern Europe , those are/was welded :D
that looks like fun
The "*bang* ow" was just *chef's kiss*  Hope you're okay, Tom.
I think the idea that it’s not safe enough for children is a little irrational. I think building confidence with a climbing frame like this is perfect for children even if it comes with its own risks. I remember growing up, I loved to play around on these sorts of things and especially climbing trees. It’s natural.
You just unlocked a childhood memory about playing tag on one of the more modern versions of this.  In Germany we have often cone shaped structures with sturdy ropes instead of bars. But the geometric design is probably based on this idea. Absolutely love these things!
Loved the dome shaped ones I used to play on as a kid! These things toughened us up. Only the strong survived the playground!
r/therewasanattempt
Interesting. We had one like that on a playground in my hometown in Germany two..three decades ago, but it has since been removed as well. Didn't know that was an international design.
"Us Medical Insurance"? Wait, what? I thought you are British?
how long have you been in your 30s?
0:47 Tom is in his thirties??! Damnn
2:18 Does that mean that analog and katalog in 4D mean leftlog and rightlog in 3D?
Piece of art.
Had one of those in my town while growing up right next to where I lived Honestly I was kinda sad when one day I saw them replacing them with some dumb slides
Safety third, rag doll all the way.
Oh wow, I did not expect that to be the reason!
I didn't know that Tom is in his 30s at the time of this video
wow what a cool story
Played a lot on them when I was a toddler. No clue if it helped me get familiar with 4 dimensional spaces. Still amazed it didn't break any of my bones, gave me brain damage or knocked out any teeth...  To be fair, the trees we were climbing were as dangerous. As ragdolling down a couple meters from them did happen a few times... ending with just scratches and bruises. :p
All of the jungle jims that I played on had beach sand covering the bottoms. We'd pretend they were spaceships or mountains.Who made it to the top, became "King" of the mountain. Others would pull you crashing down so they'd become king. Fights would break out but no mass murders like kids do today. We learned from our bumps, scrapes and bruises on how to be tought and not to hurt someone the same ways we got hurt.  Today's kids are soft with smooth brains.
I don't know about safe, I reckon I fell out of every one I ever tried climbing. I'm still here though so maybe they are safe.
The fact that I never broke a bone on one of these things is a minor miracle. I remember leaping from the top down to the sand with wild abandon.
In the park I played around at as a kid had a geodesic dome style jungle gym.
Every New York City play ground had a "Jungle Gym" in the '50's and 60's.  In my extensive personal experience, I don't recall a single child ever getting hurt on one.
Yoh in your 30's 😮
Idk if anyone is wondering but Charles Hinton is related to Geoffrey Hinton
Another fun fact about that family: Sebastian's maternal grandfather was George Boole, who founded math logic and after whom "boolean" is named.
Hey teacher, hack this 🖕🏼
I used to love those old climbing frames in the UK. The safety nuts have done away with this sort of thing and, with it, fun and adventure.
This isn't a train...
30s!?
Sebastion hinton my bro fr fr
I think if a climbing frame like this was actually effective at teaching kids how to operate in different dimensions, then I wouldn’t have managed to get so tangled and stuck in one of these as a seven-year-old, and the fire brigade wouldn’t have had to end up, uh, being called to free me
i preferred this rather than the more popular swings and slides.
That's because it makes mathematical sense for there to be four dimensions. The average person cannot think outside of three due to spatial awareness.
Wait you are in your 30s?
This exact design was in my schoolyard when I grew up too. Even the "doors" on the front there are the same. Weird to see this as ours has been gone for something like 20 years now.
I read "hack kids' brains" and thought you meant it would "hack off" their brains
You have US medical insurance?
Broke: Humans can't intuitively understand 4D because they live in 3D space Woke: Humans can't intuitively understand 4D because they move on a 2D surface and perception=movement+1
Tom has US medical insurance
Tom has US medical insurance
Our park had one, we called it 'monkey bars' or 'monkey frame'. It was just concrete at the base, usually some broken glass as well so no-one ever played on it.
Oh I'm sure it hacked a few brains. Just, manually, and only if you fell in the right (read: wrong) manner while using it.
US medical insurance is a freaking joke
Clearly the children just needed a 4D climbing frame
Wait  Tom is in his 30’s??? How does he look older AND younger than that at the same time??????
I love the idea that since everything was inherently dangerous in the 1920's, the selling point at the time was always "this is marginally less dangerous than it could be"
30's? And some.
Youre in your 30's?? Wow
One take Tom putting us all to shame. I half expect him to be narrating his own heart surgery 40 years from now.
TOM'S STILL IN HIS THIRTIES?!
3:00 Thank me later
Hack my brain and make it play Tetris.
Wasn't the thing his father made prior art, thus invalidating the patent?
Yet another instance of someone whose only innovation was to file a patent.
Bigamy huh? No wonder he was looking for the fourth dimension.
When I was younger I loved playing 3 dimensional tag! But the playground we used was a little… less scary
Bro you look atleast 45 😢😢😢
If you want to try to hack your brain to understand fourth dimension, there is a game called 4D Toys where you can play with 4d objects in a visual way, which is itself inspired by a science fiction short story Mimsy Were the Borogoves. I think it's really in much the same spirit as the jungle gym, only that we now have the digital technology to actually simulate what Hinton could only dream of.
Imagine living in a country where you're a slave to medical insurance... 😂  "Land of the free - dom to fleece the population"... 🤣
I didnt realize they all looked the same. I remember playing on something like this, nearly identical if not identical
The taker of teeth 😂
Not sure if you were joking or serious, but you wouldn't be denied by your US medical insurance because of what you did. The gaps exist on the treatment side. For example - your doctor decides you need screws put in your broken arm. Insurance will review the x-rays, and say "No, that treatment was excessive. We're not paying for it. All that was needed was a plaster cast, so that's all we'll pay for". Then the doctor sends you a bill for $10,000 because that's how much they billed that insurance refused to pay. So now you get to haggle with the doctor (trying to get a lower bill) and the insurance (trying to get them to pay more).  It's a broken, screwed-up system. But it's screwed up in a different way than your video implied.
I remember playing in things called jungle gyms, though i don't recall then being as rigidly "geometrical" as this.
Maybe sebastian just liked to watch kids suffer
When you fall from the top you have many oppotunities to hurt yourself before you find out just how hard the concrete base can be.........been there, done that !
1:37 anyone else think of Pachinko? 😂
We call them 'monkey bars' .
At my primary school in the late 70's/early 80's we had a metal geodesic dome, a couple of metres tall at the centre, embedded into the playground tarmac. No soft material underneath, nothing other than bare tarmac. I don't recall anyone falling off and hurting themselves, but in hindsight it was a deathtrap. I visited the school not so long ago, and thankfully it has been removed in the intervening 40 years.
Sure kids could get hurt, but mostly they don't, and the health insurance covers it here anyways.
I grew up climbing trees. Like a normal kid.
This would've made an awesome one-off return of Citation Needed.
I would like to thank Charles Hinton for developing something that my neighborhood could afford while I was a kid that would then go on to make me love climbing and not breaking my arm.
Gym 2: Hypergym
As soon as I saw the jungle gym you were in, it brought me back to my childhood in the small town I grew up in North of Montreal. We must’ve had a jungle gym in every park in the town. And yes we got hurt sometimes. You just learned how to hang on tighter as you move through it. Thanks for bringing back the memories, be they good or bad. always love your videos and your weekly email always has at least one or two links that are interesting. Keep up the good work. Mike from Montreal.
In my part of the NW US we knew them as Monkey Bars.
While I like the story I'm really annoyed about the safety part. It's that just an American thing now to be that risk averse?   Kids might slip and hurt themselves? That thing is 2m high. If your not racing in it in pouring rain worst outcome would be some bruises. Would be more afraid of burning my hands on the summer but climbing and playing on it is safe .  Same goes for a 30yo ish adult. Insurance won't cover that because it's reckless? I'm not bold or strong but come on why is no one allowed to have fun over there?
I don't think I ever fell off one but I've wrenched my bloody arms hanging from them a few times.
i love that every time a Mathematician tries to invent something to convince people that Math is great it ends up becoming something everyone uses to do anything BUT math
We had one exactly like this when I was a kid in the 80’s! And I’ve just given away my age 😆
In Poland we have health insurance included in the monthly income and a free health service
I think a more fundamental point was missed,  and it's that of worrying so much about safety that these are no longer in use,  along with swings and big slides. What kids should be learning is wisdom and self-preservation AMONG risky situations.
We had one of those in our building back when I was a kid. There were exactly zero accidents in the 8 years I lived there
He was American, so he'd call out "zee-4,", not "zed-4."
Absolutely fascinating stuff Tom. Thank you for making me think about this!
When we were kids and we hit our heads, we kept on playing
Always interesting how different objects get a descriptive or genericized(cised) term between US and UK. Climbing frame and jungle gym, apparently. Or vacuum cleaner and hoover in the reverse.
We had a geodesic one at my school, with loose sand under it.
They were very common growing up never knew it was patented just thought Jungle Gym was a Trade Mark issue had no blue it was to educate kids into being able to think 4 dimensionally but it makes sense when you learn the inventor was the son of a Mathematics professor.
I miss playgrounds that have a minimum of 3 safety hazards
Can't wait for the "Timmy experienced kinetic energy" to show up in my chat.
I realize that the US healthcare system needs an overhaul, but yes, Tom, your US health insurance will cover injuries from a fall while climbing.
Only humans who grew up in completely artificial environments (aka cities) could view a jungle gym as inherently dangerous.
Your US medical insurance would've covered you.   "How did it you get hurt?" is not a reason to reject a claim.
Legend. Please don't retire. You are the new Attenborough
A pitching machine powered by gunpowder? A regular Stuff Made Here!
2:18 Ana and cat(h)a for left and right?  Why am I thinking of anode and cathode, does it come from those words somehow?
When I watch Tom's videos stoned I always ending up telling Tom how interesting the video is and thanking him at the end.
Having literally watched a three-year-old "ragdoll down to the floor" on a jungle gym almost exactly like the one shown in this video, it astonishes me that the inventor hadn't conceived of it. It's also a terrifying thing to watch and I'm really glad the kid I was babysitting for at the time was largely unharmed!
I love how Tom not only switches between the different UK/US terms "climbing frame" and "jungle gym", but also between the pronunciations of "patent"
I thought they were to prepare kids for working on tall building scaffoldings and walking sky scraper beams.
0:48 Someone in his 30s?!
Well I never did!
3 Dimensional tag? Really wish someone provided that game/concept to me and my peers as a kid.
Need that Aussie playground inspector to take a look at that!
Fascinating that the original intention of these was to encourage kids to play 3D tag, shame that aspect never caught on as it never occurred to me as a kid to do that.  I feel like colour coding sections would also help to teach where a specific section is in relation to your current location.
passionant !
Modern ( well, post modern...post reason, post truth, post common sense) carbon based life forms giggle incredulously at the "dangerous" ways our ancestors did things. Children blimbed metal scaffolds for fun, without harnesses and helmets; they used gun powder to throw a baseball, they cooked corn in lye to make hominy...and thought and experimented so expansively as to create the things that led to stuff that we now think of as necessary to our techno-lives.  Super duper sophisticated modern life-forms will never be that recklessly brilliant. We don't have the capacity.
We called them monkey bars.
I had a friend who said "the goal is to let the kids hurt themself in a safe way, so they learn a lesson" Well, it worked for generations before, why wouldn't it work now.
You and your videos (and subjects) are always interesting and informative. Don't ever stop exploring. Greetings from Sweden 🇸🇪.
Only a mathematician would reduce walking down to a two dimensional activity.
30years ago as a child i ised it with friends for everything he said it is for including climbing trees an eating from them.
Cool beans!
Your US insurance would cover it. They do not cover you if you are dying and need serious medical assistance. You should be good to climb. Thanks for the video guys
When will the fourth dimensional jungle gym be made?
That's what we had when I was a kid. It was a blast! Imagine all the physical conditioning I was getting as a child without ever knowing it? It was just fun! Children crave that sort of physical play and absolutely need it. Our obsession with safety is destroying the development of generations of children now. It's heartbreaking.
Reminds me loosely of the history of this little game called infiminer, by Zachtronics.
Your 30s? Are you sure 😋
30s 😂
The jungle gyms of the parks i went were roped based with hexagonal shapes and i love them
Its not even 4 minutes long, but I feel like I learned a dozen new things.
there are 2 of these within 5km of my house
Tom could literally start any video with 'the title is strange, but hear me out!' and it would be worth the watch every single time.
Thanks to this invention for my earliest hospital memories, a few stitches and an afternoon playing with my father.
The one my friends and I played on back in the day was the same geometry as this one but all welded steel with rounded corners. There was lower likelihood of nasty gashes from pipe ends and bolt heads. By age eight, we had exhausted the supply of interesting things to do on it, so we switched to climbing the nearby A-frame swing set, also welded steel, which offered a much more challenging climb, more altitude and fewer obstacles on the way from the top to the floor. 😁 Never fell off of either rig.
Playing is taking controlled injuries. Many kids that fell from one of these things, "ragdolling down to the floor" (as you do), understood that they should not climb roofs or trees The ones that didn't?  Natural selection
I used to try to take a running dive as deep through one "tube" as I could. It never did turn out well.
Can't believe you were in my hometown and I didn't know! Hope you had a good time in Winnetka!
one thing i noticed when my son and daughter were growing up was the lack of grazes on the knees and elbows of all the kids at their school. when i was a kid i seem to remember having a graze more often than not.
Gonna go patent the tesseract climbing frame just in case...
I grew up with the half spear juggle Jyms.
Your insurance doesn't allow for accidents during child-like acts of exploration? That seems like a really bad insurance policy ...
Climbable tetanus
I remember loving these as a kid ngl, but now a lot of them have been replaced with way less fun alternatives
We had one in our schoolyard in the 60s. At least one kid a year fell & got hurt. Usually doing something really stupid. I think it got pulled sometime in the 70s for a more geodesic shaped climbing frame.
Kinda poetic considering its an origin story for a climbing frame within a school... it itself represents a case of the overpushing of educative authority hehe
It may not have inspired 4 dimensional thinking in a scientific sense, but it did transcend time, in some fashion.
There may be/used to be one of these in a town in Worcestershire, I don't know if it still is but it probably is knowing the town, it has been/was there for at least twenty five years and I have spent many hours as a child climbing it!
30s? I thought you were hitting 50.
Climbing on one of these as a child in the 70s I slipped, luckily not banging my head and "rag-dolling", but not catching a bar either (unless you count bashing my forearm on one and breaking my arm in a "green-stick" fracture)
Neat
for me, this is up there with stories of nasa inventions making it to everyday life.  great example of how pushing boundaries can lead to unexpected discoveries - even flawed ones.
I get the "US insurance" dig, but you're certainly insured for falling off the structure. Just make sure you go somewhere in-network .😉
All those expised U-bolt ends.  Reminds me of my youth.  What a cheese grater.
We have one near us and my children love playing on it and yes, do fall at hit all the bars on their way down.
Excellent and very interesting
I grew up with one.  Lots of meaningful conversations at the top like which was the best gaming console (Atari VCS, Intellivision, it was Colecovision) or the best Transformer (Megatron or Optimus Prime - It was Starscream).
Ok the most shocking part fir me was that he us apparently in his 30s
he's really trying to squeeze that "someone in his 30s" while he can
"You see, in the fourth dimension my two wives are actually the same." - C. H. Hinton
When I was growing up, jungle gyms were on top of concrete or asphalt in playgrounds. The falls into the ground were worse than anything that happened on the gym itself. We used to play a lot of 3D tag on those. Good times. Now they have different designs and also are using bark or shredded tires, which are a lot safer for falls.
Truly interesting. I played on these as a kid, there were plenty of things you could do.  As for not hurting yourself falling - I think Hinton meant a child was unlikely to make one straight fall to the ground, as might happen from a tree or simple structure. Hitting a few bars on the way down is preferable.
Reminiscent of a young Olga Corbett is our Tom
Time flies…not climbs. 😂
I taguht the titel sai hak cildrens brains 🪓
This would be the video he recorded before going to Hell, Michigan. Probably. Just guessing.
Imagine how easy it would be for your step-sister to get stuck in here.
great vid.
Petition for Tom Scott to do a video on the father.
hack kids' brains?? smash kids brains, more like. How many kids went to the hospital falling off them. 🤣😂 Interesting video 2x👍
The funniest part to me is watching him as a middle aged guy struggling to manoeuvre through a child's climbing frame
We had EXACTLY this jungle gym in the playground! Late 1970s. I was watching this video and remembering.... that's where I scraped my knee, that's where Joel slipped off and banged his head so hard he got sent home, that's where Krista tried to jump off and landed wrong and twisted both ankles.....  There was macadam under there, kids. Nothing to catch our fall. So if we all seem a little loopy, maybe it just comes from multiple small concussions from falling off ridiculously unsafe playground equipment.....
maybe the idea for 'a wrinkle in time' was hide whilst swinging through the third dimension
:3
In my local park in the uk there is a 2 story tall climbing frame
I climbed these as a child in the 60s. Never fell through one, nor saw anyone fall through, but the concept was something I comprehended could happen to me then (I was a cautious child). My grandkids play on similar devices - but the metal tubes have been replaced by tightly bound ropes. And the ones they play on today are vastly more complicated (to me) than the simple, cubic geometries I was conquering back in 1967. And safer, thanks to the ropes being much more forgiving of a small head or arm falling onto it than a piece of iron. Oh, and the play surface of hard cement (1967) has been replaced with a shock absorbing, 3 inches of rubber.
What an interesting history of an object that seems so normal! Bigamy and the fourth dimension was not a connection that I would have made to climbing frames!
I love the idea of a game combining thinking in 3D and climbing. Sadly it never took off
We now have those made out of rope and some pillars. There is a huge one with a sled built in near to where i live. Its placed in a sand box but if a child where to fall it would still be very dangerous. To give you a perspective on how tall it is: Its about has high as a 2 story building with the tip being just about another story high.
We called them "monkey bars", and they were fun.
cool
Back when they had ideas in America
1:54 BONKK
Here at 74,878 views.
Charles fukked!
Being 52 i remember the big metal ones as a kid and yes they were death traps but that was what made them fun.
Your American insurance would cover an emergency like falling off of a jungle gym.  You might need referrals for specialists but they would most likely be covered too depending on your plan.  Most hospitals also have financial assistance programs if you have trouble paying any uncovered bills where they pay up to 100% of your balance depending on your income bracket.
Soyjack Charles: Nooooo! Use it to expand your understandings of 4d space! Stop having fuuun! Chad children: wee!
A hint of Tom's age at last!
Can you imagine if it worked though? Come home Timmy, it's dinner time! Those words mean nothing to me mother. What is dinner time when I have reality unraveled in front of my eyes every instant of my existence? I made dino nuggies!  Aw yiss.
Sandman was the best game to play on those for me and my friends in Grade School in the 80's here in California.(When California was the shinning beacon of the world.)
I knew a few schoolyard bullies who wanted to use the jungle gym to send me to the fourth dimension.
hack their brains and steal their passwords
Ragdolling to the floor after hitting the head is still safer that just falling.
They were also very instructive of thermal transfer.
7³
I hate thinking about Tom Scott's age for some reason. He's not in his thirties, he's a timeless being.
Charles Hinton: "Hey, if you can have 4 dimensions, then surely you can have at least 2 wives, right?"
wow
the design is too simple; anyone could have come up with it as a toy. but his original insight is the important part: he then just used something versatile to teach what he wanted; making it more complex would have been a waste. didnt work but its actually something noble unlike patenting a gun mousetrap.
We called them monkey bars and if we fell or got hurt, we’d ignore it. Everything is so safe today. Why  not just climb a tree? Plenty of dimensions there
Tom would make the best tour guide
I remember a climbing frame like this in my childhood. Love those things.
He will always be known to me as Mr. Jungle Gym
It helps increase spatial awareness which in turn would help understand 4d.
naiCE
Welp, it's official: Tom Scott is going to be "in his thirties" in perpetuity. <3
"As someone in his 30s..." no way, bruh. My 50 year old dad looks younger than you
All this talk about safety aside, I am guaranteed to have found this jungle gym way more fun and challenging to play in than the jungle gyms we had in our school.  Children learn through play and challenges, to develop motor skills, intuition, spacial awareness, risk taking, pain endurance, balance; and sometimes our relentless quest for safety might not always be worth it in the long run.
what fascinates me the most about this: - that he mentioned playing 3D tag... It really reminds me of the structures in Chase Tag championships - that a thing like this can even be patented. It's a freaking scaffolding. Sure, you can construct it and sell it.. but patent it?
So many memories came flooding back from the one in my primary school in England. It was removed 1990 in my last year there. Much to our consternation.
Phun phact: jungle gyms used to be called happy hardcore gyms in certain area's of London.
You said "around the world"... did it actually ever leave the USA? Because I don't remember having ever seen one of those here in germany and the only reason I know about these are from US television (most notably Simpson where you can see that on the school yard).
Who would know a climbing frame would have so much history.
These really need to come back i mean the truth is hes right id much rather have my kid have a climbing accident in that thing than up a tree because kids love to climb stuff. even if you did wack your head and rag doll down i dont hink you would sever any more harm than bruises. cause you'd just keep htting bars before the ground.
very nice, Tom. good job, tom.
There used to be one of these in my primary school. It ended up being used as a makeshift goal and viewing platform when the older kids were playing football. Looking back, it's quite surprising none of the kids on the frame got smacked in the face by a ball and knocked to the concrete below, but I guess Health and Safety wasn't such a big issue in those days, especially at that age.
Seems a lot safer than the full sized trees I'd climb to the top of as a child.
we had one at my old grade school, it was kinda dome shaped.....suffice to say it's primary usage came from those of us who sat on its outside.... very rarely did anyone go in,and usually it was someone being bullied or something that caused that.
wait, did Scott move to the US? lately he's been covering US quite a lot
He could talk about historical significance of an ant hill, I’d still be fascinated.
When I was 11 I fell off the top of a jungle gym and snapped my ankle. Fantastic fun.
You could say it didn't Work out
I remember playing on a climbing frame much like this when I was a child. it really is a shame that they don't have these types of things anymore.
Growing up in the Midland's we had a memorial park with two play area's on for five ish year olds and on for older kids, it was all concrete and we had a jungle Jim that was about 20 foot high and three foot gap's we also had a slide that was over 20 foot high, we all got gravel rash due to shooting of the end of the slide but once a fortnight a ambulance would turn up for the unfortunate ones would manage to find concrete after falling.
Loved jungle gyms as a kid.  Truth be told,  I'd like an adult sized one today.  :)
0:44 hilarios to me that you have to buy medical insurance and live as an American when you are visiting.
These days they are made of rope, hung off a high frame, and likely installed over sand or other soft flooring. It's also laid out irregularly, without straight paths down directly to the ground like this stacked cube design. Safety net layers are easily blended in, allowing them to get extremely tall while still staying safe. It's an almost perfect upgrade.
I remember seeing some of the geodesic dome type climbing ones around at some point and I wondered how bad some of the injuries would be if a kid fell from the top to the bottom. xDD
In his 30's?
This is amazing! I'm surprised it was regularly used..
The bumps of knowledge taught me to keep my head down.
We had one of those but bigger near where I grew up in Devon. Loved it!
HOW ARE U IN UR THIRTIES
How many kids, ahead of the time, had the 4D understanding ragdolled out of them?
Another way to help understand spatial reasoning in 3 dimensions: Pittsburgh.
this is the most classic of tom scott videos i can imagine
love these shorter vids, you always manage to pack so much information into a short time frame while keeping it entertaining :)
Ah, that's the thing Tom was near Chicago for which allowed him to do a detour to Hell for a day.
I wouldn't say he 'invented' 4d directions. Named? Maybe, since 'ana' and 'kata' are just ancient Greek prefixes for 'over' and 'under', respectively.
I had something exactly like that at my school when I was a kid.    Same basic design, just the pipes were held together differently.  Then you say Winnetka, and I went to school 10 miles over in Arlington Heights.     What made these utterly safe is that they were mounted into a asphalt base, so if you fell off you knew it was going to hurt which made you more careful. :-)
Didn't work, we got flat earthers instead.
tom how come you say patent like an american??
I used to hang off the top bars by my knees... climb to the top and then dangle. I had good core strength back then.
When I was a kid in the mid 60s, our playground jungle gym, tall slide, etc were all over concrete.  Plenty of broken bones.  But back then, the survival of the family was ensured by having lots of children, not in having just a few coupled with onerous safety regulations.
If the kids were capable of finding the fastest rout to the given coordinates without bumping in to each other, they DID understand 4D natively!
Salvador Dali had his approach to teaching 4D also, with Corpus Christi.
Oh yes, we definitely had two smaller variants of this original one in my kindergarten in the 90s! And even when I visited it again being 6 or 7 years old I worried to get knocked out if I had been falling through it. But hey, dont get my talking about the weird and dangerous play equipment my elementary school had 😂
Arr the good old days, when children's playgrounds not only helped develop social skills, but gave them a crash course in Darwinism.
To be fair, there are a number of people who developed extraordinary skills - including amazing insights into Maths - after hitting their head hard. And while that might not be the sequence of events Hinton sought to provoke, it could've worked.  EDIT: To those of you who are asking "who": Jason Padgett, Neelakantha Bhanu Prakash, Leigh Erceg
So in summary, a pioneer in studying the fourth dimension, let his kids play in three dimensions and gave his marriage a second dimension?
10/10 American accents.
30s???? Damn you just made me feel old!
I never saw a jungle Jim like this growing up. All the ones I've ever played on were domes made of pentagonal or hexagonal frames.
The real lesson here is that Tom is in his 30s
I love that one of the safety ideas was to build it around a swimming pool, what could possibly go wrong?
Interestingly, if you look at professional tag players today, their arenas don't look too dissimilar to this.
Insurance would cover it or if you didn't have insurance and can't afford to pay, the state either writes it off or you get a $10/month payment plan
TOM IS IN HIS THIRTYS MY GAWD
I've not heard of health insurance companies denying claims on account of how an accident happened. But that said, I have relatively good insurance and I've not had anything to silly happen. But idk if they cover medical expenses for attempted suicide I can't imagine they would hassle you for falling off a jungle gym.
Actually we used to call them monkey bars when I was a kid. Because we'd climb up and down and hang on them like monkeys.
My grade school had one of these. 😮
Am I the only one who is shocked at how small they are? Yes I know I was smaller then, but still, they seemed so big when standing on the top
my goodness we gotta have a drink sometime
I have never seen a jungle gym in my life. I'm way more familiar with a climbing tree (in german "kletter baum"? Which are big metal structures which have a single highest point at the top and multiple plattforms connected by rope
Not being able to climb something that's barely as high as yourself because of your medical insurance really is a testament to how stupid the US medical system is
"the idea that a child could hit their head and then ragdoll to the floor ... doest seems to have occured to him " :3
In Denmark we have lots of these types of climbing structures. Many of them quite tall. Sure kids could get hurt, but mostly they don't, and the health insurance covers it here anyways.
What is the longest stick? Its only a couple meters right?! 😉
Would have been more concerned with it not holding your weight, than falling off. Looks like it would just about hold an average ten year olds weight nowadays😂
hey
Wow 😂
Tom, you're only in your 30s?
Thats cool
Every single thing in this video is just incredible
Indiana Scott and the Lost Playground
I used to climb a virtually identical climbing frame to that in a park near Hall Barn Lane in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire over 40 years ago and I remember really enjoying it.  It never did me any harm, and I was told after doing an IQ test that I had strong spatial reasoning, so maybe it did teach me something 😂🤔
Perfect 👍
“Three-dimensional tag”….. soooo….. just tag? What an odd naming sense
I thought you learned to parkour and wrestle, Tom. Where did all that go?
just missing how many kids was seriously injured using that in particular jungle gym
Bring back the jungle gym! Modern "playgrounds" are so absolutely boring and the kids learn nothing from it. Lame af.
I agree that the original Jungle Gyms are designed sub-optimally for safety, but I think the modern "spiderweb" climbing structures are darn near perfect. Sadly, I don't see them in playgrounds nearly as often as I wish, but when I do they make me smile. Climbing around on those giant pyramid-shaped rope structures was always a highlight of my playground trips as a kid. I think climbing structures are a fantastic way for kids to learn muscle coordination and to conquer their fears of heights in a safe environment.
What a legend
interesting
Never thought I'd hear Tom talk about a child "ragdolling down to the floor" but here we are.
I wanna climb it 😅
Interesting
I loved these as a kid🙌
I love you, Mr Scott 🌈
I love how Tom's pronunciation of "patent" changes through the video. Accents and language is so fun!
I'm not allowed to use it proceeds to use it I loved when he said ow
cool, i much prefer your microwaving hamsters typs of videos though
I don't know if I've ever been to Winnetka, but now I want to see this in person.
Kids would definitely catch themselves ... teeth, head, arms, knees ... etc.
I loooved these as a child.
Weird how the biggest takeaway I got from this video was that Tom was in his thirties.
Well now I'm curious about that gunpowder powered baseball pitching machine
and now you are hacking kid's brains
I had no idea that was actually supposed to be used to teach about the fourth dimension
This is one of the most chaotic Tom Scott videos I’ve seen in a while
Congratulations on 6 million
Thanks Tom
Those things were the catalyst for the event that made me tear my tongue through a bite. Memories of a lifetime.   Edit: And I did fall right through to the ground.
Hello
My school had a dome-shaped one that kinda freaked me out tbh
Your US insurance would cover it but the deductible would probably bankrupt you.
Love your videos
what an intriguing title
Jungle gym was bussin in elementary
cool you were in Chicagoland.  I'll have to go to Winnetka some time to see this.
We know you're in your 30s which ruins the theories you're either an old looking 24 or great looking 48
i think they taught me great 3d thinking skills while maintaining my motor skills!
I'm impressed it stayed in active use for that long. There's something quaint about what some might consider a historical artifact continuing to be used for its intended purpose
France.
Bro now I feel like I was brainwashed 💀
Nice
weeee
Old school Tom Scott
mraow :3
Hey Tom! Hows things?
FARTBAGS
Uploaded as I came to check for my weekly Tom time 🥹
Wow 😲
oh really?
Hello tom
FARTBAGS
Cool
This feels like a video I'd have made years ago! Just me, a GoPro, and an Interesting Thing. (And speaking of interesting things: I've got a podcast about interesting questions! You can listen for free here: https://lateralcast.com )
