The Holy Shit chant during the water pour gets me every time.
I just love the Bucks sneaker game 🔥🔥🔥
i know the vlog showed snippets of the match that was one hell of a match
Kenny’s new nickname is chewbacca
42:10
Where i's cm punk
1:10 Why Nick Whyyyyy😭😭
Where is Brisco  bro s.  You need that  tag team  u can’t  do it with out them.   And abadon. With house of black and  let blond betray  house of black
What a match. I don’t know much about wrestling but the Elite’s return and that match was super entertaining. I was jumping up and down in my living room. Thanks for bringing some happiness into my Saturday night. Welcome Back!!❤
Coming up next....Episode 323 of °Being The Elite: A 30 minute special on *The Hammer* ! Watch as Nick, Matt and Kenny display the 'various uses' of an age-old tool (not Brandon Cutler) including -CheatingToRetainAEWTriosTitles- building things... °All copyright material belongs to BTE and its holders the GREATEST of ALL TIME! Ca~Caw🐓🐔
I hope We get BTE tomorrow
Here’s hoping for a new episode tomorrow.
Are you bringing this show back?
*Taps watch*
New episode?
now we wait…
They are back!!!
Can’t wait for the episode coning after the PPV! We been waiting! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 See y’all on Saturday!
The Ellite returns at  Full Gear
It’s sad their wrestling is better then wwe
Why is the Young Bucks ring attire always so bad?
Wtf y'all at?
You guys when are you coming back.
At this point even if cm punk came to my house and apologized to me personally I’d tell him to READ IT AND FN WEEP
Bro I'm late. Why haven't they posted in 2 months??
Where Is The Elite?
Was 322 this the last episode of BTE ?
2 months without an episode 😔 Can’t wait for the Elite Return of the Elite: Rise of Elite
Thanks a lot CM punk. Go back to the ufc
The Elite is pretty much all I still watch for, hope you guys return very soon!
Yoooo ya'll left out the part where you got your asses kicked!
okay brandon back? he the film where the videos
What the hell happened to you guys
2 months. Craziness. I think we can all agree... SHUT UP BRANDON!
Young buckda we miss you! Get the issue resolved and come back soon.
Wrestling needs the Bucks and Omega, Brandon just returned on dark, hope you return soon! BTE4LIFE
this dude sounds like mr.garrison from south park lmao
🥀 gonna just leave this here till next time 😢
I miss BTE
Bring them back and CM PUNK and settle that shit in a landmine death match
Damn I miss you guys. Come back soon
u kick my dog? I make fuk on u. lmao
You guys can't draw for shit. 56 year old punk is better than you ever will be. Also I wish I could find the guy who stole your Jordans. I'd buy him a beer.
We want the elite!  Clapclapclap we want the elite! Clapclapclap  Also nana na na Nana na na! Oh hell yea, goodbye punk!
I NEED BTE
It feels way longer the a month.  Damn
Tonight would have been the annual Halloween episode.
Still nothing I need my BTE
New episode when?
Kicked a dog you pieces of crap. Whoever did this deserves jail time. I’ll break the young bucks in half with my own hands scum
So we’re getting #BTE Monday right?
Miss you guys!!!!
8:53
BTE 😢
Hangman Page standing across from Moxley, Death Triangle and their leader with his maingy dog:  CM Punk wearing a stupid tin foil glove....Adam's fists raised ~(Light from behind him): "Cowboy....on your left" *cue BTE song*
Still no BTE?
Congrats on being erased
Welcome back boys BTE LFG
Wednesday night no Elite no BTE on Monday it's a sad time...
This next video is going to be the best video ever
Ughh please even if it's only 1 minute long give us something we miss you all
I guess this video title is indeed, All Out 2022.
How sad that there's even a discussion of a CM Punk buyout. He's a legend, and the only good wrestler that was involved in this melee. He was a massive ratings draw and ticket sales generator. None of these clowns have ever put a single butt in the seats and no one, literally NO ONE has ever tuned into an episode of Dynamite to watch these spoiled children. I thought no one could bungle the handling of talent like Vince, but i'll be damned if Tony is the worst executive and booker in the history of sports entertainment. Simply choosing these midget bobbleheads over CM Punk might singlehandedly be the worst decision ever made in wrestling. Good luck with watching those ratings keep going down due to how superior the product is in WWE under HHH. I'm going to LOL when Punk shows up on Raw.
I miss BTE so much 💔
Dude, f CM Punk for messing everything up!!!!
WE WANT THE ELITE BACK!!!! it was my favorite part of mondays, fuck CM Punk
Missin the elite bte so bad . i check every week for a new episode ):
Come back #BTE
I wonder if they put their gargantuan egos in their carry on while travelling or do they pay Brandon to carry them everywhere?
I remember a time when there were always fights backstage..  it usually didn't come out for a while because the people involved had their fight and then kept their mouths shut afterwards instead of snitching and getting everyone in trouble.  Why couldn't they just have their fight and get it over with without effecting the product?
The suspension even stopped the long running weekly uploads? Damn that sux
Hellllo... WELLNESS CHECK
Being The Dark Order or we riot!
I've been a young bucks fan since day 1. I stopped watching BTE and AEW bc CM PUNK was brought in.....u guys don't need that. You guys were different.....get back to basics boys
Meltzer is in AEW meltdown, since you guys left, yall playing Dave like a puppet.  Honestly, comeback EVPs or go join Cody for some entertainment. AEW will still have a great roster.  CM Punk = Poison, but he does have a point.
These dudes ran and hid like little cowards! It's pretty pathetic, supposed to be these tough guy "heels". They're just as much of a rooty poo as their homie cornball Kenny! At least show face for the fans that actually like you, that's what real professionals would do!
I miss you guys
I had such high hopes we were gonna get an episode this week because Cutler is back! Maybe a teaser episode or just a small 30 second teaser for a return would be amazing!
Still waiting to see my favorite elite
crazy to think this is the final BTE ever.
Wtf happened to the series
So that’s it? No more BTE? This show was before AEW and it should be beyond AEW! What gives?
Come back! 😔
guys please comeback
Ready for the welcome back chants. really been missing  bte every week been watching since before aew started.
Bucks. We miss you. We miss BTE! Hurry back soon please
I think it’s hilarious the 3 stooges haven’t come out with another episode, since they all act like fucking clown shows lol .
Hey Bucks and Omega you could always follow Cody and become Divas in the wwe? LMFAO! Take CM SKUNK WITH YOU!
Here they are, the most self important, self indulgent, narcissistic jerks other than Punk that exist in AEW! I used to have major respect for you guys, now your like 5 year old girls whining about Cee Cee being mean to you! Awww! Grow up! WTF!? Yes Punk was an @ss! However Omega playing the Target revenge game? Really? How old are you girls? 5? 10? 12? EVP? Elite? Shrink your heads a bit! It's a honorary title. Tony Khan OWNS, RUNS, AND IS THE KING OF AEW! NOT YOU! I've lost every ounce of respect for you clowns. I'm just glad Hangman Page wasn't there for your childish crap! The Elite? Elite my rear end.😢😭😢😭😢😭😢😭😢😭😢😭 Boo hoo cry some more. If Punk had a Channel I'd blast him too! All of you are children! Grow up!
I hoped and prayed that we were going to see an episode but I have a lot of faith for next week since we saw Brandon Cutler back this week! He can do his own episode worst case
Weak little boys still butthurt and thus depriving their fans of the content that made them, via the tool that made them, via BTE.  Could come up with content during the covid lockdowns, but not during this?  Sell out little bishboys
You guys gotta take the oc out the intro huh😢
The world needs more BTE.
Well… still no BTE. Man I wish y’all never hired Punk.
Come back guys...
You guys are AEW and i fucking miss you. :(
When the new episode drops it’s gonna have over 500k views I bet !
Respect!🙏
Hiring CM Punk was a mistake , what a cancer.
But when did they lost to Death Triangle?
I hope their faces heal up quick so they can film again ,,the wait for new episodes is killing me!
Still burning your shoes today
No Bucks no BTE I guess 🤷🏼‍♂️
The world needs more BTE right now. Give the people what they want!
Week 3 of no BTE, Thanks Phil, you jerk
Are y'all coming back or what?
Man what’s going on
When are you lazy bums coming back to work?????
I love how silver immediately took a big sniff of the shoes, shoved his face into it
How’s the suspension
They haven't made a video in a while
#bringbackBTE  Idc if its not aew jus show me the bucks goin shoe shopping, show me kenny in Japan. JUST GIVE ME SOMETHING
Ok can we come out with the new episode already please!!!!! 😫🙏🙏🙏
Not gunna lie I stop watching being the elite when Brodie died RIP goat
I hate the Young Bucks
MISS YOU YOUNG BUCKS 👏👏👏👏👏 MISS YOU KENNY👏👏👏👏👏 MISS YOU ELITE👏👏👏👏👏
I’m posting every week multiple time maybe….COME BACK IN SEATTLE PLZ ELITE! All 3 of ya! We will cause an earthquake cutler so read it and realize how great it will be! Push the bucks plz 🐉
This BTE drought is a real downer
I miss BTE!  BTE saved my life and gave me something to look forward to each week after losing my father in 2017.  And being diagnosed with ALL Leukemia in 2018...  Not having BTE the last few weeks is hurting me so much.  I wish Punk never returned none of the highlights of his return have been worth losing Cody and now weeks of BTE.  Or dividing the locker room.  Or keeping Omega and the Bucks off TV.  I waited eight long months with everyone waiting for Omega to return.  Eight months that felt far longer than Punks seven years missing because he’s ten times the wrestler and entertainer as Punk. His trilogy alone far surpasses CM Muffins entire career.  The Revolution tag team match with the Bucks and Hangman surpasses CM Muffins entire career as well.  I was a fan but he’s hurt the company and people I’ve loved the most in 37 years of watching wrestling.   I just want him gone and to fade into obscurity already and to bring back the people that put The Elite in All Elite Wrestling and Being The Elite already.  Punk screwed Punk.  The Elite > CM Muffins  He’s bad for business.   This type of drama didn’t exist before him.  He came into their home took a shit on their floor and starting spreading it all over the walls and has the audacity to point fingers at them for stomping his shit covered boots all over the carpet of the house they built.  He’s a delusional, hypocritical narcissistic, revisionist little child.  Acting like he was responsible for AEW existing and he was running it and was the only one that could put it on his back when he can’t even be happy winning the title either time or stay healthy after winning the title either time.  Goes into business for himself complaining about other people going into business for themselves and hurting the company when they didn’t even do it directly or call out names but merely hinted at it in a promo to build up their match.  He does it openly in front of the media and the boss calling out the EVPs  Whose success before AEW and proving a new promotion was financially viable...selling out 10000 seats for All In in three minutes... you know in CM Muffins hometown of Chicago that Punk boasts about to selling out his return on a rumor... They sold it out in 3 minutes without him.  Without the success they built and their momentum AEW does not hit the ground running or reach the success it has or give The Muffin Pepsi man a company to come back to and wrestle at all.  He demands respect and yet gives none to the people that gave him a job and made a company that he could come back to.  It’s truly amazing the maniacal level of delusion, narcissism and hypocrisy that man lives his life with.  Good riddance.  Let’s get this over with and cut him loose, show him the door and bring back the heart and soul of the company back.  Waited 8 months for the best wrestler in the world to come back and introduce the trios titles for the best trio of all time.  And we have to ruin it for an old stale muffin eating self centered cookie puss’ punk.   The muffins cooked.  Bring back The Elite.  Bring back BTE.  This hurts too much. And is stirring my PTSD remembering just how many dark days it got me through and how far I’ve come just looking forward to each week and new episode and now not having it for the first time in over five years.  In short  I miss BTE.  At least let Dark Order and other wrestlers keep it going with Brandon until the legal garbage and investigation into the muffin man that assaulted them and verbally started all this with his media scrum tirades wrapped up so the The Real Elite can go on being the Elite.
It’s been almost a month since the Elite have been gone tbh miss them all
PLS COME BACK!!!!!!!!
SO WHERE HAVE THESE COWARDS BEEN? ID LIKE TO CONTINUE LAUGHING AT THESE GUYS
PLEASE COME BACK!!!!!!!!! I NEED MY BTE FIXXXXXXXXXXXXX!
It could just be me.. but all of this is just odd or something. I wouldn't be surprised that when they come back, they're going to just pop up and post an hour-long episide on what went down... And I'm here for it! 🙌🏽
Let it be known that this is the 2nd week of no BTE, because Phil had to be a asshole. Thanks Phil.
I am so sad that Tony Khan is telling not to do this show. He shouldn't be telling guys what to do on their time
Come back please
Truly miss you guys! Hope all is well and I can't wait to pick up a pair of your new shoes!
Ready for this hiatus to be over guys!
Mannn i miss young bucks and kenny come soon
I love WWE championship and iWatch very 24 it's
Those cursed sneakers.
The very infamous, unprofessionalism on both sides of the childish bitch fight fiasco has absolutely destroyed any and all momentum that AEW had built up over the last few years. Sadly, there were very unprofessional children on both sides of this wannabe fight. The unnecessary post-fight hype was more than the fight itself. Not really a real fight from everything I've read. I've heard of first graders putting on a more violent and effective fight. Sadly, it has overshadowed everything else in the company, and will leave a massive stain for years to come. I say this as a die hard AEW fan since day one. I also say that it was a completely stupid decision to hire CM Punk to begin with. There is only ONE wrestling promotion deserving of my time these days. That company is the NWA. Corgan has really been building it up in a very professional way. Far more professional thatn the management at AEW.
The Kukamunga Kids actually wear the Jordans they wrestle in good to see as a sneaker head myself
I never I'm my days would have ever thought or expected the christian bucks to be or get really mad enough to want too confront nd fight someone especially since they are EVPs.... Wait I forgot that it means Extremely Violent People nevermind lmao. But for real tho I never In a million years would expect the bucks to be the violent type tryna fight someone in real life.
Unpopular opinion but I'm on cm punk's side on that. They did exactly what wwe would do if they dont like someone. Spread false information, never correct themselves, and so power hungry they will ruin aew into the ground if it's not fixed soon
We miss you guys 😢 I hope you guys are back by the time you all hit Seattle but if you guys are not with the company I will not go to that show
@bte Where The F are y'all at?
Is this vlog sponsored by Tony? If not, where are you matt, nick and kenny?
Which dunks is Matt wearing in the beginning does anyone know?
God I miss this
No one cares about crybaby Punk… give us The Elite back 😩
Are you going to wwe
young buck, adam hangman page, kenny omega all the AEW wrestler is the reason why i started wacthing wrestling again. Thanks for all the amazing entertainment show you done so far for AEW and wrestling world 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Thaís antecipation was excelente.
BTE canceled
Dats wat happens wen u wear white shoes they get dirty easy
Team Punk
The at ring video footage made the match even better
Bring Flip back!
Nice
I was once a big fan of the elite.   After this nonsense and all the stories coming out……not anymore.  Clowns.
Will there still uploads since the Suspensions of the bucks and Omega?
Biggest cornballs on tv
The Elite lost to Glass bones punk , Ace jobber and larry the dog lmao😂😂😂 you dorks wouldnt last against the Blood Line .
Man, I hate CM Punk, but if it's between you guys and him... I love CM Punk
Osprey & co. did their best at making an obviously preplanned, choreographed, gym/dance recital look like someone's actually getting their ass kicked.  This whole thing feels and looks like a parody tribute of an actual wrestling tag team at a MegaCon convention. Lol  Also, I now know why Matt Hardy and Christopher Daniels fell the f*ck off. They used to be HUGE stars and now this. Smh AJ Styles and Jeff Hardy actually became world champions everywhere they wrestled.
We wont be getting another episode for a while
Eat the Elite, Eat Eat, the Elite
So.. no bte for a while?
6:23 Damn, that looked like a very painful botch by Kenny. Dropped him right on the back of his head. Didn't realize it was that bad when watching the show.
These guys couldn't stretch a rubber band ! A blow up doll maybe 🤔
BTE is on a indefinite hiatus :(
The Elite 👍
so i can say that there will be no video this week ...
Where is episode 323??
I demand an interim BTE. Get it done TK!
Tragedy plus time equals comedy
Why don't you all just F off to Wwe?
Crowd chanting "Fight Forever!" Cutler: "They talking about the video game!?" That's why Cutler gets paid the big bucks
Are those Diadora's on sale yet??
Just like Gotch, Hackenshmidt, Brisco, Funk,  Race, Flair and Hogan....C.M. Punk is an *insect* next to the wrestling GOD that is your former Triple -AAA- MEGA CHAMPION, IMPACT WRESTLING WORLD CHAMPION, NEW JAPAN PRO WRESTLING WORLD CHAMPION and ALL ELITE WRESTLING WORLD CHAMPION Kenny BY GOOOOOOD Omega
Next video?
Vacant took over the show.😅😅😅
I Googled 'How not to run a Target' and ended up here
What really happen that night?
Let Brandon do the BTE episode and get your issues with Punk solved! You're better than this!
BTE is cancelled for the foreseeable future .
Cm punk sucks
Buy ReShoevi8tor or Cleanin your sneakers 👟 🧼🧽☝🏾®
I forgot which buck did it but I miss when one of them sign a autograph for a fan and stop and look at them and keep signing and stop and kept signing lol
Anyone else waiting for the new upload? Lol 😂🤦🏻‍♂️
FUCK THE ELITE U SCREWED CODY,  LAX, U SCREWED FTR TWICE NOW PUNK???? KARMA BACK AT U LOL
Where is BTE 323???
London Kentucky loves ya
U may have the worst shoes was u not in charge
The last BTE show...
Maybe with the hiatus and suspension time, they can take a few days to self-reflect as the investigation gets underway.  Or, you know...NOT.
leak the damn fight! 🤣
Probably a dumb question but where do you find these sneaker stores that sell all these different Jordan's? There's a few Nike stores in Boston where I'm from and I don't think they have this many. If anyone knows please hit me up. Thanks.
👍
Dear Elite. Ya'll made AEW. Please don't leave. I stopped watching that Monday and Friday night nonsense for true wrestling and talent at AEW. Please don't leave and patch things up or something. Idk man...
Oh so take it out on the fans who tune in religiously to support you guys. Cool move guys
Ill just put it like this unprofessional i stand with punk all the way
Rip being the elite miss you already hope you make a comeback soon😭
I see this is the last one posted
Damn it guys, you went to Rivers Casino without me (I don't really gamble but I been there and know it was that one)
Two words......CM PUNK.🤣🤣🤣
Interim BTE cracked me up 🤣🤣🤣 John Silver you are a giant entertaining meat man
Can't wait to see BTE on Peacock soon.
Unnfortunate news, guys. An hour ago, The Elite posted on Twitter that there's no BTE this week. And BTE is going on hiatus until further notice.
Para mi AEW representa toda una forma de pensar THE ELITE para mi siempre fue esa representación de una visión revolucionaria que va más allá de la lucha libre sino también una lucha contra lo injusto de un sistema capitalista que todo lo arruina como en WWE no es parte de la esencia de los Bucks ni de Omega, Heart Of AEW=THE ELITE >> f$uck system WWE
where is the latest episode ???
I’m commenting on the missing bte’s we’re going to have miss y’all
Much love to all you guys! Forget the haters, you guys changed wrestling for the better. So many fell in love with it again because you guys did your style. Don't give up and don't change.
So there will be no more BTE episodes ....
welp, there it is, no episode for today.............
Bucks are off the charts talented. But Nick is gifted. My goodness all the stuff he does is amazing.
The shoe thing is weird. Especially when you talk about how much you miss your kids. I'm sure the parents of the kids who died making those ridiculous things miss them too. Sponsor or not, you're hypocrites and Nike should be boycotted. But, you're good little commies, so I doubt you feel any shame at all.
What happened to the next episode? I’ve been living under a rock for the last 7 days!
“A Punk’d Suspension - Being The Elite - Ep. 323”
Hogan's bucks lmfao
Fuck off to WWE 🤡 ,the tag division would be so much better,ftr,lucha bros , acclaimed,hell any other tag team
dang this has to be the first monday that we dont have a new episode
I wonder how many weeks will go by after this before we get another episode? :(
The young cucks and Karen Omega
I'm guessing the next episode is suspended?
No bte today ..???? doesn't it come out on monday ..???
When someone asks the Bucks if they are going to do a BTE episode this week ... to quote Spinal Tap ... "NO, we're not gonna fucking do 'Stonehenge'!".
NGL... for me, the 3v3 was match of the year. I know my tastes aren't the same as everyones.. but my god.. the amount of flipping around etc.. was wild
Holy shit no new episode? 😳 😮
Miss you guys. Doesn’t feel like a Monday without BTE.
So no BTE this week lol
We can agree there are reasons Punk is a douche canoe and reasons Bucks are douche canoes.
So going out on a limb here and probably calling that we don't get a new episode of BTE this week. :(
hope you guys become wwe tag champs soon. raw tag champs smackdown sucks. also it woudint be bad kenny as us and universal champ.
Wonder if we'll get a new BTE on the 12th....I'm guessing NO lol.
Will there be one today
So is safe to say there's no bte today???
Can we get this weeks video already?
It's Monday week, you know what that means...
Support The Elite, without them AEW would not be here.  This is all Punks doing, hope he doesn’t come back
Fuck the Elite.
First and shortest reign as trios champs and also punks shortest reign. No one can top that.
All that and yall ain't saying nothing ??? Because its heading to court ??? What a bunch of #anks
come to wwe
I was hoping to see the CM Punk fight lol .
Interesting episode
When u get to a position u gotta learn to adapt and mature to it, it's so disappointing what happened that too from u people
The way The Dark Order reacted to the Bucks coming in their locker room, even after losing to them, is the right way to go. Thank you so much for keeping BTE and the AEW movement alive. It has legitimately changed my life and I believe it has and still can Change The World. Never, ever lose sight of that.
It's like something huge is missing from this episode
Lmao Brandon's reactions are the best.
Dang, can't believed that The Bucks would just burst into the locker room like that to confront The Dark Order.
Waiting for tomorrow bte episode to come out. Anticipating it to be juicy 😋 😜 🤪 😉  Will probably be lame though. 😒
R.I.P  this channel . wont be months until we see a new video
Where’s the part where that ass gets kicked 🤣
You should’ve just called this episode “Calm Before The Storm”.
8:18 He could have stopped the interference!
didnt even show what everyone wanted to watch..boring, over hearing cutler yelling oooohhh every match
We all were waiting for the brawl with Punk
Are they still going to be selling the Young Bucks shoes? I can't find it anywhere online.
CHICAGO IS THE AIDS OF THE WORLD
Daddy kids won’t be home for a while. 24 hours later.. Dad you’re home!
Wonder what next weeks BTE will be like
I hope the next episode is Kenny Omega playing Elden Ring or Street Fighter for an hour.
Next episode please.... Fast.... Today only.......
Three boring buffoons
Can't believe I just watched that. It was horrendous.
Stopped watching when backstreet boy concert and signing arm n arm. Would give my left bollock to hear Harley race's or Brocks views.
Bucks fucking suck, Should be fired and out as EVPS, WHAT A JOKE.
If you don't like Kenny and the Bucks, don't watch, don't comment.  It's a whiny five year-old's mentality, to pick fights with strangers on the internet.
Where is the part The Elite & PG Diva & Ace Steel fight for real? I need to watch that part.🔥🔥🔥
Hope this is not the last elite episode  Because aew need these man
Where is the Part where you get youre ass kicked Backstage?😂
a bunch of people "who call themselves EVPs"...
I so hope there’s brawl footage in here & styled like the show “Cops”
Seriously does f****** Cutler commentate like that throughout every match pretty f****** annoying.
Didn't release the whole video I see lol 😂 missing a part with a fight n bite and a dog being taken out a lockerroom
Atleast they don't need to be away from their kids for the 10 day circuit
Sucks that nothing was really in there
I hope CM Punk just goes away. Forever this time.
Cutler is pathetic, how about instead of riding your friends coattails, you go and work on your own career?
Which one of these grommets were knocked out?
surprised you didnt show what happened backstage after all out all for a shot someone took on a mic months back
“Hey, daddy’s not gonna be home for a while.”  * cue Curb you Enthusiasm theme*
CM punk✌️
ok, let's bet: how do you guys think the next episode of BTE is going to be like? 🤔
What is up with Kenny back
The Bucks are great wrestlers but they are so corny
Love you guys, be strong
Because of Punk being a dick, no BTE episode next week.
Last episode for months till their back in WWE
Did they eat pizza before or after the locker room royal rumble 😭?
Elite busting into the Dark Orders locker, typical EVP behaviour....
Unsanctioned Lights Out Hardcore Backstage Stampede Brawl?
we love ace steel
Is anyone curious as to what the BTE next video would be like after what happened?
Look at these pretentious clowns
Rumour has it It wasn't Punk who threw the first punch ,,no it was LARRY THE DOG 🐕 that tHrEW the first 🐾 PAW.😬
Wherever The Elite end up going. Your fans will follow. But I selfishly hope you rebuild AEW and stay for a long time.  CM Punk was poison. Wish Tony Khan could have seen that
If this is a angle on a bigger story, i think espn or Fox would follow this! Hell maybe even HBO
1:30 “Daddy’s not gonna be home for a while.”  Wellllllllll…😬
“There was spitting, there was swallowing, fuck you dude.” Johnny Hungie will never ever not make me laugh
If your looking for any CM Punk action or mention... It's not here don't waste your time.
Finally Kip Sabian have won a belt.
The water challenge should be a new game that’s always played for round 2 for the bte title ALSO KIP IS UNDERRRRRATED HE KILLED THAT CHALLENGE
Nowt on the punk incident, pretty boring episode tbf
My boy Omega is back!!
No sneak peak of backstage brawl?
Haven't been watching in a while. Gotta say no matter what people wanna make of what's going on you guys have more attention on you than ever before...by a country mile...a few of em. Don't screw this up. Come together as much as possible and take us on a ride we never saw coming. We never dreamt of. There's countless possibilities in front of you. Take whatever negative energy you have and use that to your benefit. I haven't been this intrigued in what's gonna happen going forward since mid to late 96 early 97. There's a buzz not seen in 25 years. Drop the ball because of no long term vision and a steady dose of division and you'll go the route of WCW and people will look back in another 25 & say "what if". Unite to the best of your abilities and put the company's long term success over personal gain & we could be in store for the greatest decade this great sport has ever seen. Because WWE has a rocket up their ass and will be on the rise for years to come...the question is will those 2 companies push each other to unimaginable levels?
Had no idea Nick was a fkn hypebeast
Where is the footage of the backstage fight with Punk😁?
Got to say, Kenny’s shoulder cupping was worse than mine 😮 can you get those trainers in the UK ? Size 3 /36 ?
I hope the young bucks and Kenny never come back
I’m not really a fan of the bucks and Kenny. But they shouldn’t be suspended rn. And punk should be fired. They’ve done so much to build AEW. And punk can’t be professional to save his life.
BTE made the new wrestling, the heads of this table produced match of the night EVERY DAMN TIME
#FireCMPunk
Can't wait for the BTE All suspended edition next week
Cm chump was right! He does work with children
Seeing it outside of the TV cameras feels that much different
The Elite vs United Empire was incredible
Guess you don’t have to do 10 days now.
I will Not Watch dynamte until the Elite will Come back, the Elite are the true Trios Champions
I can't wait for next week episode
Hey can I be y'all friend? If I could be y'all friend I could become a successful wrestler regardless of anything.
#KipTouchedTheTip
Kenny - When times were fun"  Fu*K Cm Punk, Tk should fire his ass. AEW wasn't ever this toxic until Puke showed up.
Looks like someone at BTE is a Game Grumps fan
See you in 2024
Haven't watched since " Marty and skip take Japan "
Cm punk is one of the greatest wrestlers of all time but you guys are nonames #facts
Yo I see Magic Olmos!
#justicefortheelite
The elite is here in a vlog
Young bucks are lame now they were cool 5 years ago but I'm officially sick of them
And I want to add that the Young bucks are sneakerheads like myself that's another awesome thing about it .
Yeah we all clicked this shit fast as fuck, huh?
I think it's amazing that these guys have the most awesome chemistry in and out the ring.
out of all of the vloggers in aew no one got the fight on camera 🤦‍♂️
Welp, they're making up for those 10 days away now...
Nice box Cody
CM Punk
I remember when we could have nice things.
So many good vibes going into this weekend, then DO loses, Acclaimed doest get an audible, Hayter doesnt get over, and then the gripebomb, then the backstage incident.  It's GCW Hammerstein ballroom tripping over your own dick level.  We got to give the people what they want.  The People: we did not get it...
Is it me or are the days until next week's video dragging 🤔
So who got punched? Who did the biting? And who was sitting on the chair that got thrown?
So this is before they assaulted Punk? And got beat up lol
The young bucks are nothing but children
36:52 aged well
Absolute trash
Where ever the elite go my sub will follow. You guys only acted like men to punk. He ran you down live to the media then challenged you to come find him backstage. He got what he asked for. You guys never said a word in public. Stayed professional until he pushed it to far. Imagine he tried that with the Steiner's . He'd be in hospital or 6feet under
…..Work
Did the bite make them footage?
Hope to see you guys back on TV soon. The Trio's tag coronation match was totally flawless, one of the best I've ever seen in 25 years of watching wrestling. Also Kenny looked totally like a Street Fighter character at All Out, Physique was insane, I wanna see him (as "Kenny Omega") in Street Fighter 6. Would be perfect. Sadly I skipped almost half of the Dynamite after All Out. With all the changes in AEW these past 18 months or so (since all the WWE guys came in and Kahn started pushing all his favorites and hitting popular demographics/markets ignoring the "family" locker room dynamic that made AEW great) I was like "At least Kenny's back. All the possibilities of the Trio's championship run to look forward to"....  Gotta say too, Sorry about CD's eye but it looks so F'ing awesome. Always love when he gets back in the ring and puts 95% of the roster to shame once every 2 months or so. Make the most of the time off, guys. Congrats on being the first ever and true deserving Trio's tag champs.
The elite forever 🤟🏻🤟🏻cm shit since day 1
The amount of people coming on here thinking they'll see the fight! haha Welcome back to Being the Elite. Those of us who watch every week will welcome you back.
Lol hey how did it feel to go in on someone 3 on 1 and still get your asses kicked? Real nice evp work there guys. Always good for business when management decides it's ok to get physical.
Bunch of dorks
Should have uploaded the " Backstage Brawl " also....
CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK
Can't wait for next week's all new, all suspended edition of EVP dipshits.
aww man was hoping to see some of the fight with punk and ace lol
from Being the Elite to BEATING THE ELITE real quick
So???? Brandon didn't got ot camera the fight with CM Punk 😞
phenomenal to see the One Winged Angel again.
Hard to imagine being suspended by a company you started because someone's ego is more of a priority
Can't wait for the media scum follow up.... CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK
Probably the last we're going to see of these videos in a while...
wheres the fight?
Being the Delete.
The... suspended... the the ... suspended...  The... suspended... the the... suspended...  New song from the beginning (that's what I was singing anyway...)  Fucking hell they are rich already and then win fucking $6,000 on the casino? damn!
Cm punk cm punk cm. Punk cm punk
why was the BTE title vacated tho?
My current theory is this situation is the result of a powerful Danhausen curse to rid the company of the elite and Punk so as to clear the way for OJ Cassidy and the Best Friends to take over.
Never trust a man who wears eyeliner
Post the part where Nick gets knocked out.
Will this be the last week Fo BTE for a minute?
Shout out in the next vid I bought your book it’s cool how had your own ring in your backyard I am a subscriber
Wow another fantastic amazing super great video info and analysis from absolutely the best channel on YouTube.  Being the elite does it mean you can attack a Co worker and destroy a company all at one time. Congratulations on the way you conducted yourself s . Evps making a complete fools out of them selfs and should have been terminated on the spot .c m punk pointed out just a few of many flaws you have . As leaders in the company you should have congratulate your new world champion and took the simple cm punk motivational suggestion in stride to make your selfs  better people. It's  time the Cowboy and the elite  need to go get some sensitivity training and full psych work ups for the utter stupidity you showed early Monday Morning  after the ppv. Thank you and keep up the great videos coming
Brandon on commentary in gold.
Anyone know the name of the song at 33:02
Spoiler: This video does not contain footage/discussion about the fight.  We can move along now.
Wow bro I definitely don’t watch enough wrestling but the young bucks and everyone else in in the first match with will osprey are so talented that was amazing wrestling everyone is so talented it’s definitely different watching this on tv, this was totally awsome
I think Smokey said it best! https://youtu.be/J8ss4_z246s
nice work and all this marks eat it. if this brawl was real we would not know it. the awe can keep secrets!
✊I stand with the Elite.
also Will Ospreay is fucking amazing
Being DELETE😆
i take with you lot being suspended theres not gonna be any BTE for a while?
A BTE ask us anything,  right now   would probably hit over a million views
Man the more I listen to Cornette the more I think he’s right about these fools
Why the elite relese the trio chmpions!?
Man, for documenting EVERY thing they do, short of taking shits and I'm sure they'll get to that. Find it interesting that no cameras were running when they were "calmly" going to discuss Punks words with Punk, and not THE BOSS. LOL Rest assured that next week will probably be shot after shot at CM Punk, but who can blame them. Took Punk 15 minutes to do what they couldnt for 3 years. Move the f@ckin needle. Get EVERYBODY talking about what he said, around the water cooler. Is it real, was it fake, who is....Scott Colton...........I'll take Punk's pipebombs over these guys just creating belts for themselves. Thought we got rid of that shit with Mr. AEW Cody Rhodes. LOL Maybe these 3 guys should go and not move the needle in WWE. Hell, even this show, we tune into it to see EVERYBODY but, The Bucks and Omega. LOL I just got the balls to say, what everyone is thinking. Much like Punk just said, what we were ALL thinking. LOL
Lets Go bRANDON
now let's see your vlog from the night yall "stormed" punks locker room lol
The last few minutes felt so weird knowing what happened after
They need fire CM Punk it's sucks when he came AEW and Young Bucks need to get more belt's then just tag team belt's
F CM BOTCH!  THE ELITE RULES THE WORLD!  Hope you guys can overcome all the drama and come back stronger than ever! If not in AEW (which would be total BS!), you know SoCal will forever love and support the Bucks and Kenneth!
The... Elite... Suspended... Elite...!
Will this still go on now that they're suspended?
Fuck CM Punk. If you go to WWE we'll follow you there.
Where’s the back stage scrum 👀👀👀👀
It’s not very elite for a gang of company executives to kick in an employee’s door and start a physical confrontation because the employee spit straight fire and truth about how they were acting like children. At a minimum they need to have their position/titles stripped for being so far out of their depth in a leadership role, constantly using the dirt sheets to do their bidding, like beta male wrestling CosPlayers. Punk is a legend and a legit tough guy… not just one who plays one on the internet. If one punch was the only thing these kids got from that that exchange, they’re lucky.
Coincidentally sitting here drinking a pure life while watching the BTE title challenge
All titles vacated, even the BTE Championship? John Silver is a prophet.   Also, Kip is definately a water-bender
#CMPunkyellsatcloudsthencomes
Where's the footage of them busting into Punk's locker room I waited that whole video for nothing
41:08 this is what all the hooplah was about?
All that $ spent on shitty looking shoes that my 14 year old wants.
Note so elite now boys. Are you going to change the song to The Suspended, the suspended, the the suspended. How did it feel to get your arse kicked.
where's the backstage fight footage?
Love you guys, hope to see you back soon 😢
Was hoping for some BTS locker room brawl footage.
Real talk you guys Elite went from Christian AF to the Devils Advocate. Nicely done boys. Cutler caught a bullet just being associated with you all. Hope you're happy.   P.S. go buy another Jordan's. 😅😭
Bite the Elite Bite Bite the Elite
RIP  Never wear Danhausen's boots.
I bet the next episode will be  titled being the suspended
Shortest trios title reign ever!  Nice job falling for Punk's trap.
sooooo..... are you missing anything that happened at All Out or are we not talking about that?
BTE and Omega: what you get if Triple H was a tag team by himself, with Shawn Michaels (or Shane McDouche, same difference) was his sidekick.
Shortest title reign in AEW history good job Elite
Man, I'm gonna miss these
It just occured to me this will be the last BTE in a while
Are they gonna show Punk and Steel slapping them around backstage?? Lol
The wildest part of this is learning that, all these months later, STILL no one on BTE knows how Blackjack is actually played.
Bad times in the past... We are fans, I LOVE AEW, and i'm very sad for all the Bad things in All out, i'm crying... I pray for all this be only a bad day. Only that, a bad day in the work.
Lost all respect for Kenny, Bucks and Hangman.
Honestly, you guys losing those trios titles is the most dissappointing news that absolutely spoiled my morning! I just hope you get it back real soon.
Punk's a dick. But leadership needs to be better. The standard is always higher for those in charge and it has to be. Like Mox said, let the ugly side of the business die with the last generation.
Being The Elite 323 is going to be VERY INTERESTING....
Sept 6, my B Day!
Waste of time ugh
Welp
"All Out" Literally
28:56 why does that guy say is this a British thing? I'm British and I have NO fucking clue what they are doing with the water bottles lol
This video lasted longer than their title reign.
I feel like there is some really important footage missing.....
#TeamBucks
CM Punk owns the elite... The death of AEW...
lol hows that 10 day loop going
Lets go Punk, Fuck the Bucks
"But in the end, we fucked it all up." - Nicky Santoro (Casino)
CM PUNK ✊✊✊
Super kicked right out of AEW
"good news kids! Daddy gets to come home early and stay for awhile...just because"
Cutler can never have an episode when someone’s not telling him to shut the hell up😭😭😭😭😭😭
Wonder what next week's storyline will be.
You guys are lame AF
Join WWE / kill aew, you guys started it , you can end it
Shortest trios title reign in any company. Kudos.
Who else is here after the news?
This won't age well. XD
If punk gets fired, then the same should be done to the bucks and associate monkey cutler and everybody else involved. Cody shouldn't have gotten away with assaulting Jericho 3 years ago and the bucks and kenny shouldn't get away with it either.
Well the next BTE will be interesting, whenever that will be
Three pukes Abusing their power
Tony khan did the right thing Everyone should remember he is the real boss of AEW
Where is the chair shot?!?
We the people are you with you guys. Good on you for standing up for yourselves!
Both young bucks and Kenny are soft. Grow up you're grown men getting upset about some comments CM punk made. Now you lost your titles. Karam is all I have to say
The elite at getting a chair thrown at you lmao
The elite needs to go too wwe AEW don’t deserve you guys. Kahn can’t book to save his life it’s is no longer the show you guys wanted it to be. Tonight’s dynamite has been a travesty with out you guys.
are you guys suspended? anyways BTE FOREVER suspended or not \m/ !!!!
They probably won’t see this but I just wanted to say how much I appreciate y’all for not only this show but for what you guys to in the ring. Thank you Young Bucks, Kenny Omega and Brandon Cutler. I know you guys are going through a rough stretch but myself and a lot of others are on your side and fully support you. Keep your heads up and when you get back from your suspension, we’ll be welcoming you back ✊🏼
Bring in Mike Jackson as your cousin, the reason CM Punk hates jacksons.
I wonder if Triple H will let them keep the Youtube show...
#isupporttheelite
Who is watching this because of the backstage altercation
Things that aged poorly....
Fuck the elites
Fuck the elite
Kenny looks amazing respect
I guess if you get rid of the main title for the offense you have to do the trios too.
Y’all built this not Punk… AEW never needed him. Everybody else on the roster gets a great home town pop too 🙄
Punk was right
I wish y'all would figure out how blackjack works.
This was clearly filmed before the fight so I don't expect to see much
Dude that aussie open match my god
I’m betting they have it on film and don’t want show it because they know what will be seen will put them in a bad light lol 😂
this dynamite feels like it was months ago
Why nick look like he tryna get a hollywood hulk hogan beard
Best story tellers in the business.
Gonna miss you guys until Full Gear
Don’t know why I feel like Kenny omega smells good
For all those hating that the elite won, now we know one reason why. Alex got hurt in the match. Also just like with the AEW Championship to establish the trio titles and give them credibility.
What happened to the Elite coming out with there theme song? They come out separately now!
Young bucks and Omega should be fired.........
Kip and Penelope needs to be back on Dynamite. Mixed Tag Champs!
I support The Elite.
Great Episode.  I Hope  none of these guys get Punished
So where's punks locker room mr evps
did you cut out the fight????
Where is the backstage fight?
IDK why anyone is expecting to see any sort of All Out backstage aftermath, TK has told the entire roster to zip it.
Taking down comments on here but sure as hell got a LOT of your own...Bitches.. August 7 4:17ET...See if this one stays up.
AHH HAA HAHA you dorks got your effin' butts kicked lol.
Damn they were still able to eat pizza after the beating CMPUNK gave them right after his press conference..
Please get Hangman back and get rid of that has been arrogant prick, Phil.  I've known he was a cancer to this business the moment he took his ball and went home b/c he didn't get his way in WWE.
The situation sucks, i wish you could all get along but I know what its like to work with people who you just cant gel with because of silly shit.  I was a fan of AEW from the beginning, which means, I liked the Elite and although I like Punk - there is no way he should have said what he did publically without first trying to go through correct and decent channels, even if he thought there was some sly stuff coming from you guys - but - you guys are my generation, were still young and this is how we talk and cope with issues - we comment to ease the tension - we dont mean much harm, but it gets us into trouble thats for sure! BUT why oh why isnt there a way for your guys to all talk about this sort of stuff.  I actually think WWE back in the day ,may have had it right with things like Wrestlers Court.  I want all you guys to be happy, but its sad to see AEW, that youve built so hard with sweat and blood and tears, look fractured dangerously.  As others have said, Brandon is the MVP here - how have you managed this for us all with all that went on?  Brandon you're a saint - clearly putting the fans first.  Ill say one more thing - i dont see Punk's life, we doesnt show it front and centre like your guys, but it feels like you guys have more fun, and I refuse to believe anything  you've said was intended to hurt Punk, its just how our generation vocalises shit, to get it out, keeping us from blowing up...
who pissed off CM Punk.. am looking at you elite douches
I support THE ELITE
Yall need to get your shit straight with cm punk for real for real this shit is getting old
Watching this again makes me dislike CM Punk a bit and the guy who brought up Colt Cabana
The. Suspended. The. The. Suspended.
Khans an Idiot for suspending the foundation, The Elite.
"Hey kids, back home for a bit!"
The Elite ❤️
We have irresponsible people who call themselves EVPs but couldn't manage a single target..
Brandon, did you include the clash between cm punk, ace steel and young bucks?
THE SUSPEND-SUS-SUS-PENDED THE SUSPEND-SUS-SUS-PENDED  NICK TOOK A CHAIRRRRR SSSSHOT KENNNNYYYYY'S BADDDDDDDDD!!!
welcome to wwe soon!
FTE, F’k the Elite
I stand with The Elite
The paper view was FIRE guys :D Loved it!!!!
Welcome to WWE, guys 👀
Good news to their families, i believe their 10 day road trip ended early 🤣🤣🤣
Where's CM PUNK
I stand with punk f*** the elite
Where is the cm punk part?
You do it for the fans. Many fans want CM punk so think about it. Be the EVPs and swallow your pride.
You guys always have addressed the hottest drama you guys got going on .. nothing on this episode bummer... not even a peep...guess it's only funny when it happens to other promotions.
Elite love party in the comments.  Hope The Elite and Brandon know their fan base will follow them to any place, through the good, the bad and the great.
There should always be an Elite Superkick Parttttttaayyy, and that Parttttttaayyy should never end bay bay!! 🎶🎶
I love watching the entrance from u guyd
As much as I love Ospreay (and Omega), Justin Roberts intro for Kenny in that tag match made me laugh so much that I had to re-watch it multiple times before I even got to the match itself since I had to watch it on replay. Also, I want a singles match between Ospreay and Omega
CM PUNK!
The series finale
Example of Long term booking=Matt's lower back seeing that Trios match from the #CulterCam is an EXPERIENCE...this should be a CAM in AEW Fight for Forever  Macho Brandon respect for the episode
Wonder what will happen next episode with the elite and Brandon being suspended.
Elite are real losers now. All got knocked out, fr.
How do you choose your beliefs, dreams, desires, or even favorite color?? 🔴🟥
If they ever make a new Street Fighter Game Kenny and The Young Bucks should be DLC.
This says it's 23 hours old? Looked for the bte and couldn't find it
CM Punk!! CM Punk!! CM Punk!!!😄
That at the end says a lot.. How buyck are and how the locker room is with them.
so was cuttler rollin when the chair went fyling? loving the drama hahaha
https://youtu.be/beyrcf0vDRw
Now I know why Kip lost to Pac, because he already has a title.
❤️😞❤️❤️❤️❤️
I want those Young Bucks shoes!
https://youtu.be/ZvkNHdm95zg lets go
So why would you stay with a company who’s owner sat beside cm punk nodding his head at everything he said. He is obviously playing y’all get out now.
Well look at the bright side, you got to take a quick nap and you got suspended so you will get to go home early.
🗣THE ÉLITE. SUPERKICK PARTTTTTY!🤙🤪
Cutler's ringside videos are the reason I watch these. So cool thanks!
Crowd chanting "Fight Forever!" Cutler: "They talking about the video game!?" That's why Cutler gets paid the big bucks
Hangman adam page should return to the elite and the dark order and the elite could align themselves and call each other the elite order
HEY!  Bucks. Hangman. Kenny.  And the other guy you currently hate right now...  Man up. Make up. And focus on writing great wrestling shows.   Colt is gone. Shit happens. This is a business and not everyone gets the spotlight they think they deserve, when they think they deserve it.   I thank you all for ur sacrifices and hardships.   Kiss and make up. For the business. For the company. For your careers, and for us.   Yall have the brains, the braun, (not Braun though) and the opportunity.   *BE* Elite. *BE* The Elite.     no hate. More like a Fatherly Talk.   AEW is supposed to last, and mean something.  Don't crumple under the pressure. You got this!
The casino part was awesome
How come we didn't get shots of the, Unsanctioned Lights Out Hardcore Backstage Stampede Brawl?   😔
Gotta get that cutler figure for sure
all I got to say boy WTF are ya'll doing ... don't let the company slip on bs... wake up fools HHH gonna molly wop you guys watch....you already lost CODY now Hangman wtf...shape up... love #1 Fan...
Having Kenny back makes all the difference....
Amazing wrestling match 💯💯
Gotta try those trippy Glasses 😂
Cm Punk paved the way and competed in WrestleMania"s . the biggest stage of them all for wrestling .. He came to AEW for the Fans. ..and to help Build the Brand and to Make wrestling more interesting. To throw hate at him for that is wrong. Brings bad Karma . Everyone should be planning the Greatest Wrestling Event's the world will forever remember ..not bickering or fighting like children. .it's not befitting of champions like everyone involved. Except that Mark azz Mark ... Brandon Cutler. lol
Seems like there’s a lot of footage missing from the backstage/behind the scenes going on this week
Guess who really didn’t need to win the trios titles…the elite. Guess who really needed a big win…The Dark Order…
This show was a complete mess. Terrible endings to half the matches and the refs were horrible all night.
Where’s the footage of the locker room fight?????
Have y'all ever noticed that Young Bucks always have issues with anyone who is really really close to Tony Khan? Like Cody Rhodes? Then FTR? Now CM Punk??
Bad asss
I LOVE Cutler's commentary during matches
Thank you guys for amazing content. This isn't drama for sales or going into business, this is what wrestling and not focusing on what "sports entertainment" is about.
AEW should do more stadium shows
These are very very bland....
Release the Cutler cut
is Brandon going to be DLC on the game?
8:27 - 8:49 Look familiar? 😁
I came here for the gambling.
i still get strong Robert Patrick in the Double Dragon movie vibes from Kip Sabian and that is a big compliment :D
what a bunch of man children everyone knows cm punk is the star, they didn't draw a dime. every time they were on tv 200,000 people switched. they aern't stars they are merely online geeks.
🙌🏾🔥🙌🏾
Landon's commentary is straight out of my brain.
The Elite, Dark order and hangman put on an awesome match.
i was looking for cm punk and young bucks backstage fight... so sad that is not in this vlog
Anyone notice how Jacked Kenny got? 💪🏻💪🏻
I think this is a good time to remind everyone that it wasnt punk who started this revolution. It was The Elite who started this revolution. It was the bucks, it was Kenny, it was Cody, and it was hangman. These are the guys that are responsible for the show that we love today and these are the guys whose matches are the best at every damn show. So whatever controversy may happen, and whatever may happen with AEW in the upcoming days, I just wanna say the Elite are the bedrock of this movement, and I love and respect them for that.
I guess we're getting a Cuttler Cut next ep...If there is one. Kenny Omega for Street Fighter 6
Has Ace Steel bitten off more than he can chew? Find out in the next episode of BTE
I imagine they stormed out of that locker room once they finished all the pizza and then tracked down Punk 😄
Love the shot at the end of the crowd sitting on their hands while the EVP’s gave themselves the Trio’s titles.
Boomega and the Cucks booking themselves to win the trios title and spreading lies to Meltzer. TK should sack these over rated fools before they destroy his company. Good on Cody for getting away from these idiots.
*WE STAND WITH THE ELITE*
Cant believe Hangman parted w/ AEW. Wow.
Tony should fire the EVPs
Now show us when Punk rocked these guys in the locker room 😂🎉
PLEAZE  dont put music when the match on  , we want to hear The audience
Looks like Harpo and his handymen got their asses handed to them 🤣
.if I had known how much of this video was multiple games of blackjack...
The only think the bucks are elite at is storming punks locker room and getting knocked out
thanks for starting AEW, I've been watching for day one and have seen some excellent wrestling.  Also, I'm so disappointed that you ruined it after ALL OUT.  Executives should never, ever confront employees when they are upset and ready to fight.  3 on 1?  Are you children?  That is the most infantile thing I've heard adults doing all year.  Tony won't fire you, and I don't think you should be fired, but the days of acting like whiny little children who have the nerve to insult the people who have bought your stupid shoes and afforded you the lifestyle your family lives while feeling the power to step up and challenge anyone you feel fit to should have been over the day you accepted the VP position.  For Kenny, I'm not a kitten pissing and shitting in your house - I'm a man who kills himself 5-6 days a week at a REAL job to buy your crap for my kids.  But rest easy, Omega, you won't see another penny from me.  Despite who I like or dislike, any men that goes around and tries to pick fights with their employees are children that shouldn't be in management.  Mr Khan has 2 choices to make - either strip you of your VP status or pack up AEW and air it on youtube next to NWA and Memphis Championship Wrestling.  Maybe that would work great - you can wrestle next to all your friends that couldn't make it on TV. I pray and hope that you step up[, become adults, and be men that you said you would be during Tony's meeting.  Otherwise you are mean girls that ruined something great because your egos were too fragile.  Remember, finishing messing up the AEW and your friends like the Dark Order and Page will be left with no where to work.
BTW, loved the bucks' gear at the ppv.
John Silver is a national treasure
Unprofessional self loving twts, I hope you can re-sell your shoes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QCkBL2DfVg       Gods Chisel Remastered
ELITE TRENDING #12 ON YOUTUBE
I never clicked so fast in my life
If this Drama isn't some elaborated work, if it's real. Then CM Punk crossed a serious line, I get that he has a problem with the Elite and Hangman but he could have argued with them backstage but he shouldn't have said what he said in the media scrum. Not only he insulted the EVPs in the media scrum he had the audacity to swing at the EVPs at first! He may not appreciate the fact that there will be no AEW without the Elite but we do. I hope everything will be fine but you all will always have our support.
Woah! Nice action figures #bichote
You can hear Miro's theme in the background! The Redeemer is BACK! FLAWLESS!! 40:00
I’m so sad that one individual is nearly ruining the only true alternative to WWE that has existed in nearly 20 years.  I hope things get straightened out.  I don’t want to go back to one monopolistic company again.  The elite and Bryan Danielson brought me back into wrestling.  I hope things get fixed.
This videos is not latest becuase in latest show he gets Altercation with cm punk backstage where is fight altercation video truth will come out in video
The anticipation for this was killing me
I literally watched this to see if they showed a clip of them confronting cry baby punk lol the Next episode of BTE I hope ya show something cause um Fuck Cry baby punk lol
This video has more views than almost ever video they have put out in the last two months because of everything going on in the first 15 hours it was uploaded same with Sammy’s video. Saw what you want this cm punk drama definitely a draw
KIP FINALLY GETS A TITLE IN AEW!!!!
The Elite always be my favorite trios in AEW.
We still hate u Brandon from bar wrestling !!!
Damn the video ends just before everything goes down! 😢
Amazing episode, I got goosebumps seeing you back with Kenny and Hangman in the ring.
You got ko by cm punk lol
Before....
What a disgrace that the young bucks and Kenny won  , up till now I was all for young bucks and Kenny but after this pure ego centred booking I lost alot of respect  for them .   This was a chance for them to help promote and let others shine but sadly creative either is still been run by closed minded people or they have no faith on their roster .  The bucks and Kenny are amazing but sadly instead of been remembered for the fantastic wrestlers they are , they are creating a self absorbed history, that will be remembered as AEW been their platform to make yen selves shine and bury others
crowd: :"Fight Forever" Brandon: "Are ya talking about the video game?" LMFAOOOOO
Oof…. 42 mins of this?
Much respect for this one Brandon! What a huge episode! Really do hope Nick, and everyone else is doing okay! You guys are AEW & are 100% the reason I got back into wrestling again!!
We wanna see Punk in these videos? ✋️  hold up! This has been a success and Punk would only destroy it and turn people away! Punk is destroying AEW and he'll run the heart ❤️ and soul outta AEW to only leave when he's board or people just don't care.
My respect for punk is through the roof after watching this
Ohhhh i was like hmmm maybe this took a holiday too yesterday lol oh well I guess I just thought they didn't post bte cause cm shoots hard of them 🤣🤣🤣
"Get your dick outta here!" I don't know what I was expecting but I imagine that they're keeping "the incident" off of YouTube.  That false ending got my attention though. 🤣
Imagine growing up and thinking you wanted to be like shawn michaels and his little kliq. The bucks have had xpac heat for almost a year.
YOU GOT KTFO HAHAHAHA
AND THE NOTHING ELSE HAPPENEND AFTERWARDS. NOTHING.
DID CM PUNK KO'D NICK JACKSON BACKSTAGE????????
Please keep us updated when we can buy the new design diadoras! Thanks Kenny I'll size down a half size
And no insight or bite marks.....lame
Well this episode was a bummer lol
Quiz Guess 30 Captains From The Flag (VERY EASY FOR ONE PIECE FANS): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vHWwP4NTsw&ab_channel=KuroWolf
Dark Order and Hangman should have won those titles.
Damn this the first time I seen bte hit the trending page
I'm just gonna say in retrospect maybe Punk should have kept some particular comments off the record and took it on a more personal level because he stole a lot of attention away from other people who deserve to be talked about. MJF's return, HOOK, Trio tag title, Kip Sabina's return to action..all kinds of good/fun wrestling happend but all I hear about is Punk shooting on the company he claimed to be happy to be with??
where’s the cm punk segment where he kicked the whole elites ass
the "cannon-end" to AEW
The Elite are the best
Will the backstage melee be featured in the next episode?
cm junk needs to be gone fast that was something a kid would do
We need a young bucks slot machine guide. Teach me your ways!!! 😂😂
Would it be awkward if Ace Steel bought the pizza.
Kip Sabian is the BTE champion... Now it makes sense why he didn't win the Mid Atlantic title!
Lol for those wondering, no they don't show it.
Thank God for the Elite.  The REAL AEW
Lmao to many soft fairy comments
I want one of those autographed championships
I was expecting a Ferris Bueller style ending on this one!
What do you call a Young Buck with 1 black eye?  An ambulance.
Okey but can we talk about how great Kenny´s introductions are, silly and all, they make him feel big, and he´s already a big star!
Young Bucks & Omega > Punk.  Just saying.
There's something special about watching Brandon and the Elite. You can just feel that every involved are friends who respect and admire each other's dedication to their shared craft. It's probably the only wrestling I've watched where the -cameraman- is such an important part of the quality of the show. Obviously Brandon does more than that, but still.
You got your asses handed to you
MY BOYS MADE IT #12 TRENDING
Silver was intoxicated as hell. Them eyes don't lie, lolol.
matt’s been selling the back since wrestle kingdom 12
It’s an honor making my debut in the crowd for the BTE Championship in 18:22 , 3rd person to the left. Congratulations to Kip Sabian for becoming the champ!
Cutler the highest paid stooge 😭
Strip punk of the title
Brandon you're great to listen to
U got knocked out bro
So no media scrum info? No reaction or just waiting for dynamite?  I'll wait....
Congratulations guys you are very cool
. . . Were those lantern shades??  Love it
500,000 in this weak?? I can't imaginé the ranting AEW dynamite this Wednesday
Being The Kliq 2: On this episode Matt douchebag Jackson screws everything up for Tony Khan and causes CM Punk to leave the company. Good job Little Kevin Nash aka Matt Jackson.
The ending tho … don’t believe everyone on Twitter and dumbass reports on what “happened” after all out… Clearly nothing happened yall no fight, no chair throwing, no black eye, just bros eating pizza.
Figured the views would be through the roof even though we knew there wouldn’t be anything. I’m here.
you three along with will ospreay idc single handle made me fall back in love with wrestling in the hardest time of my life last and this year.
Losers, screw the YB and Kenny
"I lost my smile" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Love Kenny "facts" before matches.
FIRST EVER
We all came for the chisme but we got a sick highlight reel of the trios match
I love these guys.  They've had a positive impact on the industry and brought back my interest in wrestling.  This has been a great vehicle for lesser known wrestlers to show off their personalities.  They're confidence is what got them here and they have sold in more ways than one.  The past few days have been nuts.  It's intriguing and worrying.  I hope they can find a way to have everyone come out the other side together but no matter what I'm grateful for the amazing work they've done.  To me they're legends in this business for they're trailblazing and match quality.  Stay safe gentlemen
Where's the backstage footage of CM Punk getting jumped by The Elite? 🤣
Where'd you get those ladies head crap with the beads hanging how gay. I wish young duck had his eye taken out with that chair. And Ken loses a ear or nose. Haaa Haaa.
LMAOOOO ITS TRENDINGGGG
Wait! No Hollywood Hunk presence in this episode? That's not fair! 😔  Kip Sabian becoming the new BTE champion is the best of this video! 😃 🙌
how are your black eyes Matt and Nick
Pizza > Muffins.
i say this everytime but brandons commentary during his filming cracks me up everytime haha
Damn ospreay a beast
My god these three are dorks
i wonder if they got the fight with punk on camera
Which part is when Matt and Nick are beaten up by CM Punk?
Fire Punk
Wasn't sure if we were getting this today or not...🙆‍♂️
where's the part when Nick gets doinked with a chair
The Young Bucks did nothing wrong.
Now I want those young bucks shoes.
Im here to see the damage my boy did
Brandon do you have a clip of the Backstage altercation? lol
The Elite!!!
So, you gor punched by Punk?
the Schwarma-esque bit at the end after winning the titles was legendary
Where's the fake cm punk beef?
i heard the boys tried to jump punk after the press junckit
MJF !!! MJF!!! MJF !!! MJF!!! MJF !!!
The new clique.
Even with all the heat and the BS i support BTE, PUNK, And AEW. Thank you for making pro wrestling interesting again. Dirt sheets and all sign me the f up !
Kenny only needs the tnt title to be the very first and probably last grand slam champion
One of those chairs is infamous.
Kenny, Matt & Nick. I love you guys, you three encapsulate everything I love about pro wrestling. You guys are loved.
It’s Waneeda Wrestling Ya’ll
Awww... They left all the good parts out. I guess they yelled at Cutler to shut the camera off too soon
Stop being shit heads. I don't care who said it, started it, wtf ever. Pick up your balls, wherever you all left them laying and apologize to each other then move on. Stop acting like damn children.
rather have the literal best friends in the elite than a bitter old fart like punk getting grumpier as he continues to get older
And… nothing else happened that night at all.
Such a shame that the Punk bulls!@# trumped and overshadowed  an amazing ppv card, to which no one is talking about. Settle your bulls@# fellas.
I definitely want those young bunks shoes
CM Punk stinks.
Like mussolini
I know its been part of the storyline that Kenny is still slowly coming back to form, but at 33:08, he looks amazing
These Diadora shoes look 🔥
So where’s the real fight we all want to see at
you forgot the fight Brandon.
Where fight scene against CM Punk after media scrum?
How do I get those action figures. Street fighter and the elite are literally my favorites. Well, and tekken. I'll whoop anyone with hwoarang. That includes you Kenny 😉😂🤣
I’ll say it while the ads are still running, we see the fight right? WE SEE THE FIGHT BABY……
Thought cutler would’ve filmed the fight…. Haha
So anyone who appears on BTE or anything Elite related are a bunch of EVP circle jerkers going forward. They all can't admit that Punk exposed and buried these jackoffs.
Elite is great talent. After this week. UTTERLY REGARDLESS of CM Punk being great or toxic. Being their highest earner or not. They have proven they do not have the tempermant IN THE SLIGHTEST. To be professional executives. An EVP does not go and incite a fight, injure their highet currently earning talent after a mega important main event title holder. An EVP does not engage in middle school drama to the point of inciting a fight.   Talent might do that sometimes? EVP's CAN NOT BE DOING THAT. AEW has LIKELY LOST its highest earning talent temporarily or permanently and they themselves apparently threatened to walk out over it too.  Great talent. They need to step down from evp roles to save the company from themselves. Like bottom line. There is no other industry or company in the nation that would allow this behavior REGARDLESS OF IF THEY ARE RIGHT OR WRONG OR ANYWHERE IN BETWEEN would it be allowed. For good solid reasons.
When AEW started we wondered why there was casino things all over the place like casino battle royal, double or nothing, the joker.... Now we know that it came from Nick Jackson 😂
Cm punk vs the elite   backstage
10:08 Throwback to the Undisputed era turning on the Bucks xD
SoCal Uncensored.... Bring them back now that there's a Trios Championship
Why every group winds up breaking up eventually and then maybe getting back together,
A whole 40+? #ThankYouCutler
Only 500000 subscriber's... And these guys are suppose to up ratings jesus
Nick Jackson is fkn fire.
#12 on trending  drama makes money, I hope Tony Khan can cash in on this, and I hope Punk and the Elite know what's best for business
Nothing about the incident from what I can tell. Pass.
The Elite brought real pro wrestling back to the USA. Not Punk. Cody was right in his last promo.
Nick biting the plate not knowing in about 10 minutes kennys gonna have a bite taken out of him
Let's go Young Bucks and KENNY freaking OMEGA!!!!
#elitedidnothingwrong
Fans should chant "Colt Cabana" to troll Punk.
Nicks blonde stache had me dieing sunday
You guys are the best.
After everything that has been going on, this is the most excited i ever was for a BTE episode. Seriously tho, hope all of you Bucks, Kenny and Hangman are doing fine. Yall worked too hard to build this brand for someone to disrespect you like that. You did not deserve it. Keep pushing, we got you. After all you are all ELITE wrestling's being the ELITE.
Smacking some JB Albertos from Rogers Park boyssssss
reynolds looks dope with the beard
🇲🇽
Don’t bust a cody and quit on AEW, cuz of Phil 😩🥺
Would of been nice to see dark order just for a change win either way good shit
They do the SAME moves! Lol these guys are huge marks for themselves!!!
What these dudes are capable of in the ring is absolutely incredible. That includes osprey and united empire
Ja... La escena final mordiendo el plato..
Yea maybe these guys will finally , I mean finally understand that they are not as popular as they thought. Dynamite ratings taking a decline when the elite come on!!
Im unrealistically excited for the matt hardy is a distant dad that knows he messed up but deserves a second chance storyline
puck cm funk
Punk and FTR vs The Elite …. Hell yeah!
How does he win like that on slot machines 🤣😅 his luck is next level
There's a huge elephant in the room
Wow even the video is trending   Real fight or not, an AEW Civil War type storyline would be very interesting.
I'm just glad the wingmen are getting more screen time
Hope next week's episode is about Tony Khan growing a set.of stones and firing that piece.of crap, locker room cancer CM Punk.  If he doesn't he risks losing the locker room.
Hope Nick’s Ok
Unfollowed punk.
Show the fight..
“You can still kiss though, right?” -10
I forgot how awesome that match vs ospreay and aussie open was
Holy shit, trending??? I hope ratings get popped too.
Cm punk! Cm punk! Cm punk!
Hey. Whatever intern has to read all these. This whole backstage drama shit is very unimpressive. If you guys are working us. Its not having the desired effect. Cm Punk and the Elitr all need to put on their big boy pants and put thr company first. Stop the drama. I quit WWE in a heartbeat to support you guys. And I've been watching them since the 90s. I can quit you too if you dont grow the fuck up.
AEW doesn't need cm punk hes clearly a detriment to the company
After all of the news with Punk and the media scrum tainting an otherwise excellent PPV, it’s so awesome to watch The Elite have fun and celebrate such an amazing week of performances! Kenny and the Bucks are the greatest and real class acts! Instead of dwelling on the drama, let’s all congratulate the new champs—all of them—and the best wrestling promotion on the planet for an excellent show!
Officially made it into BTE, life is complete 😂   33:47 holding up Two Sweet
at 40:00 you acn hear something in background.
This is too good.....just subscribed to this guys, have no idea they do this types of vlogs
Is this episode up late because there was so much to edit ot because there was so much to edit out from the fighting back stage?
Came here just to say I unsubbed and disliked. We stand with CM Punk.
Same we didn’t see CM cut that ass
I support The Elite
always ride or die for y'all, appreciate everything you guys have done and will always support what you continue to do. F the haters 🖕
I'm commenting before having watched anything. I'm so looking forward to this episode.
Will Ospreay is the white British Ricochet
And dissapointment cause no footage of the incident that everyone clicked for lol
Brandon Cutler is the best in the world.
Does cm punk got superkick party?
I heard one of the Young Buckies got KTFO by Old Man Punky....🤣
Sorry to hear you three gentlemen were fired.
I want to see The Elite in WWE
The Elite rule the world
I’m 100% supporting Kip Sabian if he keeps coming out with the box head. I love a good silly gimmick
I stopped watching these a long time ago, so there ain't nothing bout after all out?
i was hoping to see ACE Steel bite kenny omega and cm punk fight the Bucks
"what the heck? he kicked them with the feet!"
Thanks Brandon, you're killing it with these
Gymnastics 🤸
Hey guys please 🙏don't leave the company I beg you 🙏 please don't  leave 😢
20:27 I just watched the DX Biography episode last night.
Shape it up fellas, we need you.
The elite order
Will Ospreay is a fucking BEAST! took a snap dragon outside on the padding from omega then a reversed ddt in the same spot later on from nick! BE SAFE MY GUY!
How come the bucks have familys but kenny dont?? Oh thats right 2 men cant make a baby
#firepunk
To succeed in life, you need three things, a wishbone, a backbone and Brandon bone . 🙌
The whole BTE crew brought me back to wrestling aging. You guys have my full support.
Don Callis eating pizza 😂
Someone please teach the hardly boys how to slap thigh without everyone seeing
Next episode should be the elite hanging out at Target.
Maybe "The Bucks" were just going to Give their new Designer Shoes to CM Punk... However it did'nt turn out that way...
I was shocked not to see punches thrown and chairs flying when The Bucks went to the Dark Order's locker room after their title match. I thought that's what the dirtsheets said happened. Not even some biting. What a letdown.
Gotta say I am having a lot of thoughts and feelings since yesterday about what transpired. However, let me start by giving massive praise to Alex, John, and Hangman for giving us such an amazing match. We expect the Bucks and Kenny to have 5 star matches but their opponents really elevated themselves during the match. A special shout out to Kenny for working so hard to return; he looked liked a beast. Plus, those wrestling boots he wore during All Out were FIRE!!! I really liked that the episode ended the way it did with everyone happy and enjoying themselves. That is what I want for these guys who give up time away from family and put their health at risk to give us such high quality wrestling. Lastly, we do not know the specifics of the altercation that took place in Punk's locker room but hearing that Nick's eye was hit by a chair and Kenny was BIT along with having his hair pulled is deeply upsetting. I really hate that someone intentionally wanted to do them harm.
come on brandon!!! you suppose to have secretly film the backstage fight!! You had one job!!
Kenny eating cake at the end !!💀😂
Why is there no rules when the elete have matches?? Its a disgrace to pro wrestling
Where is the cm bitch backstage fight
Nick with that Hogan stache tells us something
3 year watcher here fuck cm punk glad yall won the trios titles get him out of the company asap
Of course these dorks wouldnt put what happend with cry baby punk.. i wish the bucks twinkle toes an punk would leave an never come back.. aew would be so much better off
How we all stood up at 38:36 after the legal tag was like a symphony following their music conductor
Omega and the YB book themselves on top and the marks are happy.
These guys are such dorks
Where's the back stage brawl?  Sheeesh
I was really hoping to see you in a target at the beginning.
Was hoping to see the fallout after C.M.Punks teary eye in the scrum after All Out.....🤷‍♂️🤔😁
Y'all thought it was 45 minutes because of drama.. well you were right; BTE championship drama!
Let me save ya some time... They don't talk about all the real drama afterwards. You're welcome.
"I'm watching intently."
heard you guys spread rumors about cm punk getting people fired
Can I also get shout out for my birthday on September 21st please 🙏
Love them all, but nobody sells this better than Brandon.
Arguably THE most anticipated BTE episode... bit we need the Cutler Cut.  #ReleaseTheCutlerCut
what minute of the video is the black eye from a chair?
The 6 man tag match was great.
bucks the whole crew bringing me up when I going through a down time  I deal with depression and bypolar,and enxiety
Please walk out of AEW. Thank you.
I absolutely agree with Cutler, it was 100% Hangman's fault. Hangman screwed the Dark Order.
This company died with Brodie
Nothing Punk
U guys need to be removed as evp's
CM Punk was right - he’s working with children!
Every single time, I'm proud to have been born in NORTH CAROLINA
I hope all parties are doing ok, I am a fan of everyone involved ☹️. Aew fan since day one
show the knockout scene
I normally don’t ever comment on videos, but Matt, Nick, Kenny thank you guys for getting me back into wrestling. Irregardless of its a work or shoot I’m a huge fan of you guys and hope to see you wrestle many more years. God bless.
PETER AVALON 🐰🥕😄
Kick punks ass
I stand with Danhausen's boots
Save the drama for yo mama, I’m here for Don Callis eating pizza in a pair of shorts.
how much money was that in slots winnings 11:34
Love Bucks, Omega Punk , Hangman. You Guys are making wrestling great again. Keep fighting!   Bring in Russo for a Night and give him a super kick party!!!
Where the backstage fight footage lol
the elite🖤
Ain't nobody talkin bout Reigns or the WWE...They ALL talkin bout the Civil War in AEW, and the "Thanos" holding the Trump card....M...J...F...!!
That's Punk's voice from the post media scrum in the background when the Bucks were filming the end segment with the Dark Order, the irony...
I don't exactly understand why punk is so pissed at hangman just because he said he doesn't need advice and he was gonna save aew from him in a promo?
Where do they sell those posters you guys signed? Those are dope
I NEED TO KNOW HOW TO GET THESE SHOES!!!!!
Can’t wait for tomorrow 🥶
Ouch at Will Ospreay's head at 6:24 🤕
I love Nick’s Hollywood beard
Let’s Go Young Bucks, Fxck C M Punk 💥 Ps, those shoes are FIRE!
These guys are too good for AEW. Go to Wwe and do your thing over there you don't need to stay in a toxic place with delusional morons like that unathletic ufc jobber and his gargoyle looking dog.
I thought CM Punk guest starred this week
Wonder how Nick is feeling after being cracked with a chair supposedly
Holy fuck rewatching Omega n bucks,osprey is on Kenny's level.Tony needs to sign him up when his contract is up
Congrats on the championship victory! Y’all make it look fun! I haven’t watched wrestling since the early 90s. AEW brought me back in. Ohh btw, If any of you decide to kick CM Punk in the teeth, I’m here for that.
These guys are boring af and untalented to boot
Kip Sabian is a Legend
Meltzer said they did a shoot more bang to punk in the locker room
Just want to say thanks for getting me back in to wrestling. You guys are by far the best group/stable in wrestling. Omega is the best single in ring performer and the young bucks are the best tag team preforming today aside from maybe FTR.
I heard Punk’s dog Larry was involved in the fight with the young bucks
TEAM ELITE
and here i thought this video would actually be interesting   MY BAD  . lol  . CMON  show the Punk footage already .  WE ALL wanna see it and see who did what . VIDEO doesn't lie !!!!!   SHOW  US THE  DAMN FOOTAGE !!!!!  Pretty PLS !!!! lol
Let's see if these dudes man up and talk about the real shit that's going on, like Nick getting knocked tf out🤷🏼‍♂️ should be interesting 🤔
Can someone explain to me the post credits scene?   Here's what I got:  In the post credits (if you will)  1.) Kenny throwing something down frustrated  2.) Them stuffing their faces like Punk was in the scrum  3.) Nick biting the plate   But this was right after their match..... What does it mean?!?!!
Soo… about those rumors you spread?! 🤔
You guys are just incredible. You have a gift and don't let the world snd circumstances get you down. You've all done incredible things and returned me to watching wrestling. Hold onto what you love, man.  There are cynics out there, don't let them get to you. Now that you're top dogs, many will try and take you down. We admire your maturity and grace under pressure.  Hold onto all that. And hold onto who your real friends are. I can tell you love wrestling with your friends. What you have is something truly special. Cheers and more power!
Was hoping to see MJF
Jim Cornettes video about the media scrum has over 250k views 😂 meanwhile these geeks are actually involved and got less views
man i have to watch this shit.. fuck they better mention it..
This is the company you guys started F**K PG PUNK@$$ and Ace Steel. Biting and assaulting the Elite?!? Rumors flying. TK needs conflict mediation and getting Punk and Steel removed FROM AEW. Get those violent animals out of AEW. Go team Elite. Elite for life.3
you guys ok ppl tryna stay relevant stay up indies
Chris Daniels is so good on the mic. Future Introduction Guy yo. In this corner, some guy I use to kick the shit out offfffff
Why is The Jackle walking out the Face entrance, if he's Kennys manager isn't Kenny a heel? Oh wait another little thing that Tony can't keep on top of.
Good episode
When Pretty Peter falls down, his friends pick him up again
Need to change the ending. “Now that we are not heels…”
Great episode, Kip is back full force!
They didn’t show footage of CM Punk whoopin the snot out of them. Good show bad move for your lies guys.
Just a carny bitch- JD Drake 😂
I love that moment at the end, just some bros chillin eating some zza!
Where's the fight between punk and elite
15:51 Wow!!!! I want them!!!! Where can I get them?
DAYUM KIP
💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
I want a pair
"Hangman's the only one with any sense around here" lol
great video❤
Nothing about Nick getting hit with a thrown chair by Ace Steel, Punk punching Matt Jackson as the Elite entered his dressing room nor Omega getting bit and his hair pulled by Ace Steel?
Make millions off this Punk stuff or go sell insurance
NEVER LOSE SIGHT OF WHY AEW EVEN EXISTS. OFF THE BACK OF THE ELITE. SHOW YOUR RESPECT, ACKNOWLEDGE THEM.
Get your _ick out of here! lol
Ok but why isn’t the episode called “throwing chairs”?
Those shoes look slick but they are doing a tad too much for my fashion style. I might buy em as a gift for my son though
The work continues… my favorite storyline in all of wrestling right now. 👏👏🤓
CM Punk is a trouble-maker, I was glad to see him come back, but he's a total asshole.
So… who got hit in the eye with a chair?
"So.... what do you guys wanna talk about?" ~Some guy whose name I don't remember.
17:36 Who would've thought that Leva Bates also had to separate The Elites and CM Punk during the brawl.
Young bucks and Kenny built AEW, not CMJunk.
Pres10 rubbing John's head killed me
Ohio State’s quarterback CJ Stoud is from Rancho Cucamonga just like The Young Bucks
Here’s what’s going to end up happening if the EVPs aren’t careful. TK is losing his shit. He’s going down a spiral and losing control. I wouldn’t be surprised if he has a mental breakdown soon. We’ve seen Tony go crazy before with his darting crazy eyes and cussing a storm about who’s richer etc. This is a business. If The Elite keeps pushing buttons and trying to rouse the Locker room for support to go up against Punk who’s clearly the face of the company and is driving any big financial metric driving this company, is a dumb fucking move. If Kenny, Bucks or Hangman walk out or threaten to, or if he releases them for real, he will simply kill AEW which is a shame, and simply relaunch ROH instead. Better brand name recognition and a legit name in pro wrestling for 15 plus years. Then where will they go? Start another promotion? Go to WWE? HA! Not with Hunter in charge. At least for now until Cody has his ear.
Which casino was that? Rivers in des plains?
No footage of the after AFTER All Out events, eh? Hehehehe....
Kip cheated he kept his eyes closed lmao DQ
Ace Steel just BIT THE ELITE,  BIT - BIT - THE ELITE
Old school BTE vibes with this one! That's what's up!
It’s Tuesday, Ive no idea what that means.
F punk !
The most overrated group ever
I hope this all ends well for the Bucks, Hangers, and Omega. Punk didn't have a YouTube show that brought me back to wrestling in 2016. He didn't kickstart his own company and bring legitimate competition to the Fed, providing income to dozens and dozens of pro wrestlers. He didn't headline 2 Jericho Cruises that led me to cross the country twice for the best vacations of my life during which my father was dying of cancer ( needed those more than they know). Wrestling was better without Phil.
Where’s the CM Punk fight?
Where is the black eye
Guys. Hey guys! A big story is about to break…
It’s Tuesday, you know what that means!
As someone who is a catholic but has Christian beliefs i have to eay i still havent gotten use to the idea that nick likes gambling now  Whatever hes a young wealthy man how he spends his money is on him, i just hope he doesnt let it take control of his life because thats what addiction does  No matter what though the young bucks will always be some good ol christian boys
😴💤💤💤
I don’t see punk KO’ing Matt Jackson, or Nick being busted by a chair tossed by ace steel! Did it happen or not guys Gheesh jk lol it sounds like he punked you!   Get it!? His name is punk..punked you? No? ok haha Maybe he should be limited to no backstage interviews, limit his freedom on interviews or when he’s got the mic cuz it’s the only time he ever acts tough! Haha uhh tough guy with a microphone 🎤c.m punkey
maybe theyll get kicked out of aew so we can take things seriously
That was awesome 😎, thank you 🙏🏼.  Are you guys going to address the elephant in the room ie. Punks shit afterwards?
Was hoping to see a black eye
well they didn't address what happened with CM Punk, if Brendan would just keep the camera on for just a little bit further after that pizza eating thing they did...
We gotta get nick some help. Money means nothing to him. When he says gambling problem he’s probably talking about a normal persons mortgage for a year
Thank you Matt, Nick, Kenny and Brandon for giving us BTE this week even though you didn’t need to after the events that happened on Sunday night. Hope you are all doing ok, physically and mentally..
Cutler should make himself useful and cold spray those Off-Whites.
But lets be honest, Kenny AND the Bucks are wrestling gods. Kenny is Beerus and Bucks are Goku & Vegeta.
Kenny is the wrestling god. Will Osprey is just a church goer.
I agree with Leva why do those goggles exist haha
Wonder if nick was wear those diadoras when he got sent to the shadow realm.
The scene in the locker room with Matt apologizing to Reynolds (with a broken foot) for “things getting crazy out there with spitting and fistfights” and the scene with Nick biting on the plate are the two scenes worth really paying attention to.
I am convinced Kip Sabina and 3rd eye sight
CM punk gonna make this the highest viewed episode
I wanted backstage brawl footage
Oh! I’ve missed the Young Bucks and the Elite lately. Needed this!!! Thank you, and keep up the outstanding work!!!
I want those goggles..😄
I’m here for one thing
Will osprey is a dope wrestler
Kenny omega looks awesome
When do the Young Bucks graduate 6th grade?
where is the bawl malee that happen with bte and trash cm punk
31:32 “Space Jizz ones” 😂 wtf Kenny
I knew they were in Rivers casino and then I saw my old co-worker lmao
People coming here to see the biggest work since the MJF thing though😂
AEW 1st Trios Champions… The Elite!!! Congrats, to the 3 best workers and innovators in the biz! The Dark Order shined and did not get buried but instead got elevated as the stars that they are for their work and craft. Keep it going and you guys were the match of the night, by far!  Hangman, you are still the man with the heart and talent. Cowboys are forever!
this match was so insane! Thank you for being awesome! IMA FKN MARK!
Really shows how dead the crowd is with the cam footage sometimes
Holding up a stack of bills* For the love of God, why is this so difficult?!
CM Punk
I want to see The Bucks vs Punk brawl in the locker room
Y’all need a deal with Nike & Jordan
Kip looks like a super villain lol
Fuck ace steel, flexin in front of his wife by biting and throwing a chair wtf.
I love Johnny Hungie but man, Johnny Angry is nice to see too.  Been wanting to see Dark Order find that next level since Mr Brodie Lee and maybe this is the jump start.  Hope all is well with everyone after the post show stuff, I'd hate to see backstage politic nonsense bring down or set back the one thing that's restored my love of wrestling these last few years.  Thanks Bucks, Kenny, Cody, TK for making all that happen.
I love heel elite
One minute you're enjoying pizza with the boys. The next you're getting a chair thrown at you
They need to capitilize on this.   The Young bucks should hire Micki Gall and Mike Jackson as inforcers/Body Guards
We all know why we’re here. We want the scuffle video. We want chairs flying and men biting men.
Think just before punk beat up nick he shouted "It's clobbering time!!"?
Im just here for the shit that happened at all out. Damn this elite show is still as stupid as it was years ago. Still dumb af.   Punk rulez.
What’s with The Jem truly outrageous ear rings lol
I do not give a fuck what u say, Brandon is the most entertaining part of these videos.
Kenny and Osprey was so cool to see live!  And seeing the elite back together... Perfection.
Much love to the Elite in All Elite Wrestling
Best match of the All out, and would say all 3 way tag match made the pay-per-view.  The rest of the match all fell short,  robbed the fans on the joker ladder match, mjf should put in some work.  Still a fan for now. 😎♎️🐉
holy shit u guys are so good.... but like Kenny and Will.... a whole nother LEVEL
THE ELITE, THE ELITE, THE THE ELITE, THE ELITE, THE THE ELITE, SUPERKICK PAAAARTYYYYY SUPERKIIIIIICK, SUPER KICK PAAAAARTY SUPERKIIIICK
Cm punk knew y'all wasn't gonna fight him y'all wasn't gonna fight him he wanted to prove a point he had just said he was ready to fight anyone. He wanted to look tough  . He hit y'all first and had his hoodlum trainer jump in it was all unexpected and that what he want to be a victim all the time it's always gonna be controversy that he has to uncover and save people from the guy live in his own legend. Y'all had a meeting he had no business even bringing it to the media then he got cabana out of the company the guy is never happy . Why is Tony Khan allowing him to talk to the media anyway . He didn't defend the guys who was there with him when cm punk turned down aew to work for fox talking about a company he said he wants no part of and wwe cancelled that show now he wants to be available to come to aew after he made y'all look bad to the media when he said y'all was unprofessional for texting him. Why he mad at hangman for saying he wants to do his own thing when he himself talked disrespectful to Tony atlas guy wwe called down to talk to him younger talent. Cm punk is a walking contradiction . Why is ace steel not fired you don't throw chairs and bite people . Cm punk and ace steel needs to leave they been toxic ever since he got there
Its insane they probably filmed this, turned around, heard stupid CM Punk's comments and then went to kick his ass
Thanks Brandon and the team at AEW. Keep fighting the good fight for pro wrestling.
2:30 these fucking animals are barely even speaking english
2:01 Ngl thought that was elias at first.
osprey is one of the very few that hangs with kenny
Fire the young buck from aew they suck and fire the young buck girlfriend  Kenny  they just suck
No skit about getting rocked with a chair and omega getting bit smfh
Love it!!!!!  BTE is the Hottest show in wrestling!  Keep ‘em coming!  The Buc-KO’s are triple nipple tag team champs and there ain’t a damn thang the world can do about it!  I’m truly happy to see Kenny healthy and back to slangin dem cottage knees to some faces!  The GREATEST TRIO to lace up a pair of boots…..EVER!!!!!  Thank you for sharing your lives behind the curtain!  Can’t wait until the next one!  As for Brandon….you’re the greatest!  1.) Jimmy Hart 2.) Bobby Henan 3.) Brandon!!!!!  Young Bucks, “The” Kenny Omega and Brandon = LEGENDS!!!!!
You can hear punk talking shit in the background
They didn't add CM punk hitting Matt
Imagine approaching someone and still getting yalls ass beat 🤡🤡🤡
Remember that time you guys tried to be kayfabe and couldn't take the crap that you dished out?  Pepperidge Farms remembers
but could they run a Target
The Elite! The people who really put butts in seats! Screw Straight edge complaining punk
6:36 Damn it Brandon 🤣🤣🤣 11:24 Kenny's face though
'These stupid guys think they are in reseda'
Always appreciate your guys, making my days so much better. Congrats Elite on becoming the FIRST EVER AEW WORLD TRIOS CHAMPIONS‼️Still got love for you too Brandon, the content is 🔥 as always man. Much respect BTE 🫡 ✊🏼.
Where the hell is Punk and Steel with chair
I thought 10 was hurt and Uno was gonna be out of town?
These guys are talented, fun and entertaining. I don't care what Punk or Cornette says.
It is Mark central all through this channel
The Elite > CM Pussy
release the Cutler cut!!!!!
if I flip the glasses upside down are they regular glasses?
RELEASE THE BACKSTAGE FOOTAGE!!!!
Where is the fight with punk? 😭
It's Tuesday????? Oh well, It's Tuesday, and U know what that means.....more backstage bs leaked out.
The only reason I watch AEW is because of the years I've Invested in BTE.  Thank you to The Elite and Elite Support.... And Dark Order of course
got a feelig watching this dark order will turn on hangman  specially silver
Great video today
THANK F'N GOD. NO RYAN NEMETH FR FR
11:26 Landlord when it’s rent time.
#TeamAEW #TeamElite
Weren't people saying a week ago that Kenny came back too early and fat?.... 🧐🤨🧐🤔
Can’t we all just get along!!!!
Guess it would be legally dangerous to show you storming Punk's dressing room lol
They didn't show the part where they got their asses kicked, go figure
I'm never going to get used to them not being mean to Brandon all the time since they're currently face
Are we getting the cm punk fight with one of the bucks soon
Did anyone else think that Brandon caught what Kenny didn't?... Yelling out that his 🧦 were SPACE JIZZ!!!😂🤣😂🤣😮😮😂🤣
I know this is a biased place to say so, but I watch AEW for the Elite, not someone who made their name in WWE.
Such backstage drama!
#CMPunkOUT #releaseCMPunk
The fans DEMAND that CM Suck be released from his contract. Get that Chicago diva out of AEW. Since WWE and Triple H don’t want him back, he csn go join his wife at WOW. 🤣🤣🤣
Punk was right. Every word he said about you hacks was 100% correct.
Wowww just will ospreay performance on day 2 dynamite was incredible 🔥 really sucks he is overseas in Japan doing that, but def copping the young bucks shoes wattt ‼️😳
why is the Cutler cam always my favorite lol
What? We don’t get to see the bucks with black eyes after having their asses handed to them by Punk?  Disappointing. This is the first and last BTE podcast I’ll be watching!
How does Cm Punk's fist taste?
The alternative angles this series provides are unmatched
No matter what I'm with the elite all the way. These guys have helped change the landscape of pro wrestling for the better. These guys helped build a company we all love and they helped so many ppl get jobs in the process. Having met them all on 3 different occasions I can say they are the kindest ppl to their fans and appreciate everything. With saying that I would like to tell CM punk to eat a dick. What he did was the most unprofessional thing I've ever seen in professional wrestling. Punk went into business for himself 100%. He can say hangman did it 1st but all hangman said was punk was fake and he was saving aew from him. How the fk is that bad? Punk has always been a selfish person and this goes all the way back to his roh days. Tony Khan should be ashamed of himself letting punk pull that shit. TK sat there like a fkn CM punk fanboy and not the fkn boss of the company, absolutely embarrassing on so many levels
Your audacity at posting this and pretending nothing happend with punk is mind boggling. You 3 are executive vice presidents of a multi million dollars company but still thought it was appropriate to engage in a public brawl with an employee. If the comments he made in front of the man who pays your wages offended you, use the HR resources of the company. You should all be ashamed of yourselves and grow up.
No filming the fight ? Also I had no clue who the young bucks were and now I’m glad I do you guys are amazing but will still stole my love too
Now this is must see VOD
Love you guys! Elite for life! Fck punk and steel!
That was a great Trios match at All Out. It combined both amazing high flying hard hitting action as well as great story telling about the relationship of the elite and hangman. As for the shows aftermath I have never seen someone be so unprofessional in front of the press. Punk is upset at a vague line in a promo from back in May. He already got his "receipt". Punk embarrassed Tony and every single member of the wrestling press that was there. Now I understand there are 2 sides to every story but the way Punk behaved alone deserves some sort of punishment. I hope that the 2 sides can work things out and things can get back to normal. That said it is all ElITE wrestling and it better fucking stay Elite.
Guess it would've been too embarrassing for you clowns to post a video of Punk knocking you out
Hope Kenny’s bite is ok…
Damn I was hoping the fight would have made it on here lol
Cm punk selfie Ego fckin RUINED AEW COMPANY RIGHT NOW
fuck cmpunk
Can’t you see why the united empire left it’s because of omega obv is the  issue and wants everything for himself it would be great to see them in the aew but nope sorry
Kenny’s  Ring Entrance is the Greatest 👑
Is Leva, Peters road wife? Awe.
you can see that kenny is pissed about something. throwing that packet down hard and the sarcasm. cm punk must be under his skin. kenny your not a young talent anymore. youre much more significant than those you keep around you. youre the undertaker of the indy wrestlers. you could literally go anywhere and sell tickets. my point being , do you really need to travel with entourage? please go be solo and bless us all with the real you again. we all know you have an 8 star match in you. we are with you tyson. much love
Sabian tip touched with the camera zoomed in, she deserves a rematch
Great job being the new Kevin Nash's. Pencil yourself in to win it all. Thanks for making Cody Leave.
Long live the Cult of Cornette
"Say your prayers, take your vitamins, and boot Punk's overrated ass out of AEW, Brother!" - Hulk Hogan
I hope Punk leaves
Another 5 stars for the elite🔥🖤
Who runs the Target!
Love you guys!!! 💕
Forget punk, make John Silver the face of AEW.
Phil won
Did Punk attack the Bucks before or after the post-match pizza party inquiring minds want to know
It’s Awesome to see Kip Sabian Healthy Again 👍
Wishing I was a fly on the wall for the backstage fight that happened Sunday night. Also I support hangman and the elite🤷‍♂️
Everyone Watching To See The Brawl…
JUANITA! JUANITA! JUANITA!
These guys blow.  Hangman wears butterfly pants
Best angle of the night
Man I am going to say, whatever the hell is going on, God bless all of you men and women in AEW! AEW Is the damn best wrestling promotion in the world. Sometimes we go through ups and downs in life, in business, in careers, but damn it, I hope all in AEW gets together and keep doing what AEW been doing since day 1, ruling the entire wrestling world! keep up the great work all of you!
WHO ELSE WATCHING THIS TO SEE IF THEY FILMED THE FIGHT WITH MR BROOKS BACKSTAGE? ✋ 😂
We wanna see Nick Jackson getting knocked out and Kenny omega getting bit… maybe that’s in the next episode 🌚
Screw cm punk. He deserves to be fired.
I bet the fight was filmed released it. Well only if there's no charges getting pressed  No mention on the fight ... 🤔 Hmm 🤔🤔😏😏😏😏
I could be wrong but there was a bte when the bullet club had a civil war with the elite and someone threw a chair in the locker room n as it was about to hit nick the video paused..it could be a work or not and Im Really  hoping it is but the irony...
please dont leave AEW guys......thats yours....
Well at last Kip Sabian has won a championship from AEW. Kip you’re new BTE champion.
Y’all though you was gonna see footage of the fight, right?
#ReleaseTheCutlerCut
Cm punk will be the death of aew. Dude is a cancer everywhere he goes. Everywhere he goes there are issues and he blames everyone else but never him
Don’t fire no one, defend yourself better are don’t use fighting words.
Its almost unfair to give yall MOTN for sunday, Since im an ELITE stan, but all 6 men put on a story driven classic Hope Renolds heals quick
AEW doesnt need CM punk
No, they did not speak on the media conference fight
Can you guys make sure removed CM punk from AEW
I don't even like you guys but you have my full support regarding the sjw indy shitter
These guys so would run a target with record profits. I mean sold out shirts at hot topic!
when they were looking at their street fighter figs, did Kenny say, "when things used to be fun"?
"Fight forever!" "You talking bout the video game???"  Never change guys
Dark Order turns on Hangman and The Elite make the save? Since Hangman came to The Bucks rescue
Loved these videos for years and enjoy the work, but the EVPs need to be just wrestlers. The cliques and gossip to dirt sheets aren’t helping the company succeed. Punk’s comments  aren’t the problem, they’re a symptom
We all watching this like If CM Punk would  beat them up at every cut 😂😂
oh shit its here
No they didn’t mention it, wonder why.
do we get a vid of punk cracking yalls???
boy oh boy, whats gonna happen next??
It wasn’t hangman’s fault BC - it absolutely was Hangman’s fault. Shut up Brandon!
Thanks guys :)
The elite are beta NWO.
We need the cm punk vs elite match on dynamite. Would make for good tv.
30:00 is it a clue for CM punk/Elite situation? 🤔
Ok guys know everyone only wants to see the incident that happened in the locker room don’t worry it’s at 41:00
Shorty paying out Nick was a baddie😍
I guess even the chairs went...   *All Out*   Ba dum tss
Around @38:12 is when Hangman and Omega do the spot where they drag their opponents to the corner, tag themselves in, and then face off. What I love about Cutler's angle is that when Kenny and Hangman face off, you can see Adam Page's huge grin for having done that spot and getting the crowd on their feet.
😍 I WANT ONE AEW BELT TOO! Oh my gosh....
Why wasent this posted yesterday
Was this filmed at TARGET
Kenny and The Bucks  vs Will Ospreay  and Aussie Open was Amazing 🔥👍👍🙏
Is Punk on there? 😂
Release The Cutler Cut
Congratulations on becoming the first Trios champions👑
Thank you Brandon!
Wish you guys all the best on whatever is truly happening back stage. Hope you’re all okay and thank you again for bringing us AEW, you guys are AEW 👍🏻
I come in peace as a regular cornette viewer, had to come and watch this one
What!!! No media scum fight footage
I've never watched one of these.  I'm just a bit more curious today... for some reason.
Look, I know what most of people are here for, but frankly I'm exhausted by all this backstage reports and 'chaos' and shit. I just want to enjoy the show.  He didn't win the All-Atlantic but at least the Bombastic Box Man got gold this week, that's some nice water pouring boy  Ooh if you got Street Fighter gear figures maybe you can push for the other crossover gears; Ghostbusters Elite (and Stay Puft Hangman), Rick and Morty Best Friends, Jade as Jade, Storm and She-Hulk, Shida's Tifa gear already made it maybe get the Dr Strange Gear next  Boys don't be sowing them seeds to turn DO on Hangman
Wonder if they gonna show them getting their asses kicked by punk and steel lol
All Out was Awesome! Sorry about the press conference fiasco, you guys are the greatest! Thank you 👍👍🙏
Not enough Ryan Nemeth
BiTE
Come on guys, release the footage after the media scrum. We know brandon got the tape. I'm trying to see if Ace Steel really did bite Kenny Omega. 😂
The the elite! 🔥❤️
Even if aew management doesn't appreciate the elite we do.
Where can I see the fight with CM PUNK on backstage?
So we aren’t gonna address what CM Punk said about all of you guys?
Thank you Brandon, The youngbucks, and Kenny Omega. You are all the absolute best.  Congratulations on your trios titles!
Not one comment in the comments about anything that I remotely want to see, give these guys a show on G4 and call it a day, gimme Kingston for 45 minutes
8:28   This was an actually good shot of that exchange.  Someone teach these guys to work to the hard cam!!
One books himself to lose a week ago just to win the title back in his hometown and the others book themselves to become the first trios champions 🤦‍♂️ meanwhile the owner is deaf and can’t hear the whole arena exploding for the acclaimed to call an audible and change the outcome, its like watching WCW again
Punk fears Teddy Hart
I am watching this vlog and hoping to see CM Punk get his ass kick by the EVPs , let's do it.
I kinda knew it wasn’t gonna show up
Why is Ryan NUMNUTZ even on BTE AT EFINNG ALL... JUST ASKING
What kind of pussies egg a dude into an altercation through subliminal shade in the media yet don’t show the fight #stillinReseda
I don't see evidence of this "altercation" and no PD actually showed up post match. We're getting worked BROTHER
I love this show
Brandon... you couldn't of given us at least 10 seconds of that "CM Punk vs The Bucks Brawl" backstage 😭  But besides that awesome episode 🙌
No video of them getting their ass beat?
How do I get one of those signed AEW 	title belts?
You see that Brandon usually has the BEST CAMERA VIEWPOINTS..
C'mon guys. As a sincere AEW and pro wrestling fan, I hope whatever is happening behind the scenes gets fixed fast before it's too late. This shouldn't be about an individual, take stern steps if situation demands. While All Out was pretty good with some unpredictable outcomes, I want to see the locker room harmonize and settle all the issues forthwith.   AEW has almost always entertained me. It has served its purpose as an alternative I was so desperately looking forward to for years. And I have absolutely zero interest in watching the industry get dominated and monopolized by one solitary company again. Great episode btw.
The dark order must be disbanded. A majority fired.
I was literally counting down the minutes and seconds for this one.
Screw it,I'll address the elephant in the room Fu*k CM Punk! I'm a Kenny Omega guy,which in turn makes me a "the Elite" guy! Oh yeah, and fu*k Cornette too!
"I feel like Hickenbottom right now." Popped huge for that 😂😂😂
Fire punk
Really hope we can get the young bucks trainers in the UK as I want a pair!
dude! brandon's wife with them gears!
Love your wardrobe for finals.Kip Was on point with the pouring of the water into the bottle.
And cm punk?
This should be called the - lawyered edition
Regardless of how big cm punk is he should be released from aew he is toxic for the lockerroom anyone who's ever worked with him says so.
Get your house in order, you fucks! 🤦‍♂
I just glad nothing happened or sad in this episode
I love you guys ❤️
Ngl I popped when kip started pouring the bottle.. dude said "is that like a British thing?" 💀
ELITE 4 LIFE. Love you guys, keep on rocking.
being knoc ked The F Out
40:00 for the full fight
The elite Rocks 🔥 AEW Rocks 🔥
How does one get one of those posters.
CM punk punching Matt wasn't caught on video?
I appreciate Kenny's pitchman skills- "if you don't know where to find them, I don't either!"
My local target is hiring if your guys are looking but it's not management positions
All out
Wait y’all didn’t record the brawl with Ace Steel and Punk? Boooooooo
Hopefully Kenny Omega VS CM Punk happens one day . . .
Best way to start the week. BTE. Sets the mood for the whole week
38:26 this is a great callback to tag team fiasco last time where wrestler didn't tag correctly and people blaming ref being dump.
I love that Private Party and Kenny are back on BTE
Clickbait at it´s best...XD
I love these guys. I will never choose anyone over them. They didn't complain about how wrestling sucked. They didn't sit on their couch for 7 years and do nothing to change it. They fucking changed it. The elite are the reason we have AEW. They are the BEST IN THE WORLD.
Which one of you guys are going to Fight CM Punk outside the ring? Settle your issues one on one. Aren't you guys EVPs? Set a cage on Dynamite  present Phil the idea I'm sure he would be game and have Tony sign off on it. If the state says something say it's part of a storyline.  I doubt you guys step up.
punk is a dink with a ego the size of nick and mats combined and they both have some egos. #teambucks
It's a good thing the video ended where it did since we all know the rest of the night was completely uneventful and boring.
Announcers have changed John silver to Johnny hungy
Brandon: it was absolutely Hangmans fault.  Dark order: shut the fuck up!
35:52 is that Byran Alvares?
Hey EVP's, Make up & make money with your Top Star.
Thank you Brandon!!
Go away.
We stand with the elite 😤🤘you guys are the best!
Punk is delusional. He claimed hangman went into business for himself when punk is the one guilty of that. He also said say it to my face, when hangman did say it to his face while punk is the one guilty of saying something behind hangmans back and hid behind the live cameras to protect him from having to confront page face to face
Where is the backstage fight?
Hows that eye Nick ;)
I love the Matt Hardy/Private party storyline lol.
1:40 LoL 10 days?  My Dad worked overseas in North Africa for 20 years.  He was over there 4 weeks at a time and 3 weeks home (including travel time).  And this is in the 80's where they only communication there was a thin static filled phone line.   I sympathize but you can literally video chat with them every night.
DID I MISS THE PART WHERE CM PUNK PUNCHED YOU GUYS AFTER THE MEDIA SCRUM? OR WILL IT BE IN ANOTHER EPISODE?
Damn I saw the rewind at the end and thought maybe they would give a statement or say some thing. Still a good episode. Just wanted to hear from them
NEXT WEEK it will be the most anticipated BTE ever!
Yes. Nothing else of interest happened on Sunday.
Team Elite
Congratulations trios champions! Stay healthy, we’re rooting for you guys ❤
I want to see ace biting kenny
Ooooohh shit
Probably shouldn't have ambushed Punk after the press scrum.
Aww I wanted to see balding buck get knocked out
Same old shit. Gambling and shoe buying. Wouldn’t expect anything less from guys that cry when they don’t get their way.
go lose to FTR already.
Yawn
Why no mention of over 200,000 people grabbing their remote and changing the channel when you come on the screen?
Steel cage match with the upside down goggles stipulation. LFG!
Well they didn't bury Punk which by rights they could have.
All about the Merch huh? This is gonna back fire.
Sincere question - if they do the scans for action figures based off of living people, what do they do if it's someone who's deceased? Do they just work from photo reference? Genuinely curious now.
I got that pizza for you guys!  Yessss I'm set for lifeeee 4 LIIIFEEEEE
Cm punk is killing AEW
👀👀 cm punk? Is that you?
Atleast flim the part where there was a fight between Cm Punk & The Young Bucks
I wanted to see bite marks.
Or see Kenny with bite Mark's or Matt with fat upper lips 😂😂😂
Congratulations to Kip Sabian!!!
Thank you to the elite for bringing me back to pro wrestling after 18 years in 2019, i'll follow you guys anywhere
Thank you guys for everything you've done for pro wrestling and rekindling my love for it. I would've been long gone if it wasn't for The Elite so thank you!
so wheres the black eye and the biting :c?
I was hoping to see Nick Jackson with a black eye lol
Well we know that this is NOT a work because they are not addressing it.
Holy shit Kip deserves a push just for that lmao
So was the original plan for the Finals of the Trios tourney to be The Elite vs The Undisputed Elite/Era?  Really, really bummed that we never got that due to injuries...and with Fish gone it'll be one of the biggest missed opportunities of the modern era.  It's basically like having an opportunity at the nWo vs DX in their prime.   Speedy recovery to Cole and Kyle!
You guys dissapointed me so hard. Same goes for Punk.
WHO BIT KENNY!!!?
CM PUNK sent your ass back to reality ! BEST IN THE WORLD !!! CM PUNK ! CM PUNK!  CM PUNK!
We know how runs AEW (and it isn’t cm punk)
Congratulations on trios titles, pity you guys got beaten by two old man straight after tho 😂
NOW this is the BTE we have ALL been waiting for!
Knew from the start that the elite was gonna win the belts. Kind of ruins it when you already know whos going to win them.
Shout out to Brandon’s wife for making badass gear!
It slightly annoys me every time they make me laugh xD (I will never pretend something that is funny isn't, just because I don't like the people as people, not as wrestlers, especially Kenny and nick, but as people
I’d rather be the Elite than a punk.
Kip is awesome
Sounds like CM Punk whipped some ass 😭😭
I hate to say it…. You guys should NOT have won the trios title first.  You’ve just proven right and fed into a lot of the criticism of AEW.  It’s the first time I’ve really called bullshit on anything you guys specifically have done.  Didn’t have to be Dark Order, I don’t really care who it would have been, but it shouldn’t have been the Elite.
Shit maybe it wasn't a work. All I know is if young bucks walk away from aew I will too.
Screw CM Punk
Something tells me Kip was cheating... idk what tho
The Bucks got their asses kicked and Omega got fucking bit by a man and this is the lame shit they put out?
Awesome episode. So pleased Cutler has an action figure. Great and insane work on this one. BTE makes my week
I'm getting those shoes 🔥 if they wanna send me a 9.5 that will be awesome also
It cannot be overestimated how much I fucking love these guys. Hilarious, genius story tellers and elite wrestlers. Oh and Kenny looking this jacked is NSFW and should be for Only Fans.
Literally the calm before the storm, That happen after the press conference
The answer we’ve all been waiting for I wonder if the anticipation will be worth it…
Hangman didn't mean it Hungie...don't be mad at the cow boy
I can't get enough of Kenny
Where's the footage of CM punk's trainer biting Omega?
Pretty standard stuff here lol. Never thought I’d get exhausted of these guys. The infighting, the clique bs, everyone on both sides right now look like immature children in tights bickering over position
I almost was thinking they were gonna skip this week.
Who's here to see the "fight" between Punk and The Elite
❤️
F*ck CM Punk, We love you guys and we wish you well
Bitched by Punk lolololol
Where’s the fight?
Nothing makes me want pizza like seeing others eating pizza.
How did CMPunk make me like the Elite? (Honest answer is I'm a Hangman mark)  I'm just saying....... Phil Brooks should've been blacklisted from ALL wrestling companies A LONG long time ago!  But that IDIOTTONYKHAN is fktarded
I was really hoping someone would be sporting a black eye! Oh well maybe next week. 😂😂🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
BTE ON TUESDAY
JFC, so many people trying to take sides in something that doesn't even remotely fucking involve them.  I like everyone involved and hope that they get it all sorted, anyone having an opinion beyond that needs to back the fuck up, maybe go outside or something.
I wouldn't be surprised if the Punk controversy ends up on the Dark Side of The Ring someday
You guys couldn't show any of that backstage brawl with Punk and Steel?? That's one of the most intriguing things that happened this weekend
The Bucks and Kenny need to walk into every Target on the road and ask to see the Mangers...
Damn Kip, just damn.
No one at all: John silver: 😤👟 they smell like shit 🤬😡
BTE has fell off over time, so I’m just here for the comments on this one
CM Punk owns the "elite"...
After all that played out on screen, behind the camera, and the dirt sheets. I'm glad this episode showed us the truth... MATT HARDY AND PRIVATE PARTY TOGETHER AGAIN MAYBE!!!!
After watching this, I'm starting to think it's all a work. Lmao
But disappointed to be honest, towing the company line
Wow
Matt Jackson should have a lot of patience to contain himself and keep going with the mood for another episode of BTE, even since he was knocked out after this PPV...damn.
It’s not hangman fault😁 O it’s true it’s damn true
Mrs Cutler never ceases to amaze me with just how loud and obnoxious she can make gear. For this reason alone, I forgive her for using pre-made pasta sauces.
I've been front row ringside for Ospreay and this video gives you a bit of that feeling of being right there for it. He is amazing and I can't wait for Ospreay/Omega (hopefully in NJPW at Wrestle Kingdom 17)
Release the Cutler Cut
What's with the comments about the episode being late? It's only a day and it must have been a busy weekend. We don't know what little things may have led to a delay so I say cut them all some slack.
Kip touched tips! DQ!
all elite cringe
I hope the Young Bucks and Kenny are ok and are able to wrestle on dinamite
cutler is a plus
Diadora though 🤷🏼‍♂️ where them Jordan’s at!!??
I love Kenny's new long coat mann
Hope everyone's okay. No All Elite Wrestling without the Elite. Whatever the situation is, I hope everyone involved resolve their issues and continue to give us the best wrestling I've ever seen. We're rooting for you.
His name is Phillip Brooks. His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.His name is Phillip Brooks.
So that picture at 14:50 of the Unmatched Series 9 confirms the departure of Bobby Fish from the Elite and AEW all together.
Hmmmmm, was hoping to see a different match/fight...lol
Where the cm punk fight backstage
Looks like they had a nice weekend… I wonder if anything else of note happened… lol
I appreciate all that you guys do on and off the screen. Keep up the great shit!
The Elite forever. I've always loved punk but these three guys gave my love for pro wrestling back. Back in japan or the roh days. Or the countless amounts of days i got up at 6 am to see their shows live here in Bangladesh. I LOVE THE BUCKS AND KENNY AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT THEM
Support The Young Bucks, Kenny Omega, Colt Cabana, and Hangman Adam Page!!!  I stand with these men!!!
Didn't show what we all come for this week
#fukpunk
Kenny going hard with his hentai fetish. He is even trying to recreate tentacle porn in his real life.
The Elite vs. Punk is going to be a hell of an angle brother.
Yes I like the video Young Bucks especially when the dark artist says shut the Brandon
BTE 322: The Elite Apply to Target.
Best seat in the house, Cutler!
God I'd love to know how much they spend at the casino to always be hitting jackpots hahaha.
Congrats on the cleaners/the best bout machines comeback. And the elite winning the trios titles. I hope you guys don't leave  AEW(what go back to NJPW or the WWE?) You guys, AJ styles, Adam Cole, and other great wrestlers got me back to watching wrestling(I had stopped watching for almost a decade and more). Especially NJPW, r.o.h and of course B.T.E. keep up the great work and content. It's unfortunate what happen after the media scrum smh.
Seems like the evp's are to busy gambling and buying shoes!!!
Where is the thing?
Shout out to Cutler as always for getting BTE out into the world
The moment I saw Nick win all that money… he’s going shoe shopping.
Can you preorder the shoes
Matt, Nick and Kenny you guys make my day happy congrats for the tag team championships and being the elite is the best team to all company peace guys ✌️❤️
"You can still kiss though, right?"
broke- its all a work for dynamite ratings broke- its a shoot woke- its a work for BTE ratings
The Acclaimed had the best match in the PPV
As much as Omega (returning) and the Bucks deserve the trios championship, I still think it was the wrong decision and the Dark Order should have been given the opportunity.
we love you guys
Bye Felicia
Many also thought that this issue will be CM Punk ?
I was at all out and it was amazing to see you guys live. The trios title match was my personal match of the night. Love all you guys, behind you 100%. Thank you for everything you’ve done for wrestling ❤️
If they don’t show them  getting beat up no one cares
I love how the cartoon Bucks at the end of the video are actually way bigger and buffed than the real ones. Tells you a lot. Also congrats on the Trios Championship win! Cant wait to see the viewership drop everytime you guys are on TV!
Do you guys miss Cody?
Who can confirm that Vince Russo is booking AEW now?
You guys missed the boiler room brawl match you had with Crusty Phil. Where's that footage?
ITS HAPPENENING EVERYBODY STAY F'ING CALM!
Thank you Matt and Nick I know without you guys and Kenny,Hangman,and Cody there would not be an AEW so thank you guys f the haters and f that cancer in the locker room. You guys have my support keep up the work IE boyz 😁
those sneakers are hideous
If The Exalted One would still be around, Punk wouldn't even dare to touch Cabana,  is up to you EVP's to put that guy in his place
Cant believe they showed the infamous bite at 43:35  AEW is the house The Elite built and i’ll forever be grateful
The elite versus the United empire has to be matched of the year Nick don't get a lot of credit but that dude got some moves
I want that jacket
CM Punk did nothing wrong
Something tells me that we will never see CM Punk on BTE videos ever again...
Now that Brandon is a master of cheating... I dream of the day that The Initiative return. Come back to the ring!
i’m gonna get grilled for this but anyone involved or related to allowing CM Punk to continue in this company he has clearly taken advantage of and continues to disrespect is at fault. the whole image of that man is pretentious and overcompensating for a lack of what he can’t produce anymore. his in ring ability has diminished and the matches are stale, his mouth and Scott Colten’s name are the only thing he continues to use to keep himself relevant.     KENNY SIGNING THE BELTS BEST BE FORESHADOWING.
Kenny, the Bucks, Hangman and Punk are all on another level right now. Throw in MJF on top of it all. AEW Civil War is shaping up as the new golden age of wrestling and I'm here for it.
This is my first time watching in nearly two years. I guess I should wait until the next one to get the juicy stuff (maybe), but this got my attention.
Whataburger is better than in and out
Finally seein the SFxAEW figures boxed was amazing! Can't wait 4 my reserves 2 come n!!! GameStop exclusive BAY-BAY
Maybe The Bucks and Kenny just went to Punk's locker room to give him some shoes so he wouldn't have to wear Danhausen's anymore and Ace Steel got mad because they forgot to bring him some pizza. 🫢🙊🤐 I hope Kenny got his rabies shots. 😳😰🫣🙈  Life really is stranger than fiction. (And chairs are for sitting not throwing... unless you're Sabu.)🤘💪
release the cutler cut
Cutler... these angles.. these camera shots... YOU ARE A NATIONAL TREASURE!!! SHYT!!!!
I love bte
Of course they don’t add the part where they got butt hurt CM Punk told the truth about them
Who else was just waiting for a random chair to come flying into the frame at the end!😂
brandon where the vidéo of punk get jump by the elite ? :) EVP kids
AEW Civil War: Team Punk or Team Elite?
Yeah we all came for the backstage heat brother ha
INFAMOUS PRESS CONFERENCE - BTE  EP. 322
wonderful episode. hope you guys are okay <3
Silver took some shots huh
Many subliminal messages they did at the end lol.. love it
The funny fact about Diadora is that in Italy is considered a low brand.
Freaking Brandon  Crowd: "fight forever!"  Brandon: "they talking about the videogame?"
Punk vs Elite heat has my full attention! Hoping everyone can set aside the beef and make this the biggest money making program in AEW's short history.
Call me Ace Steel because I can almost taste it...
How do u guys get handed EVP but not have a clue how to conduct yourselves like businessmen. Someone said mean things about us lets wait in the dressing room to jump him that will show we are real EVP's but out numbered & still got they ass whipped great. Taking the Jeff Hardy road & making great life choices
Super Cringe Party.
10 days gone😐.. wow
So did nick get knock out?
Knew they wouldn’t show anything that we actually wanted to see
The Elite vs Osprey & Aussie Open 10 star match! The young bucks looking at each other and smiling at Kenny's Entrance, from Nooooorth Carolinaa! The feels. Long live AEW can't wait for Fight Forever.
I went to buy my “live love superkick” shirt a week or two ago and it was gone 😢
john throwing down the sneaks box was the funniest thing on BTE this year 🤣🤣🤣
Got my popcorn ready for this!
“Never done anything” yet have sold out arenas, created an entire promotion & have shined a spotlight on new/unused talent. Just hope y’all are trying to fix all this negative news surrounding AEW as of late. Don’t let the bad eggs, or internet rumors kill the business. That’s supposed to be your job! 😉
Bunch of clowns
The ❤️ of AEW.
This shit gonna get so many views
Always a good time when I can catch BTE. In the almost year he was gone, Kenny didn't miss a step. Which is more than can be said about someone who "pulverized" their foot. They lost every step in a few months. Enjoyed All Out. Loved the Trios match. Different end than I thought, outcome was the same. Didn't watch the Scrum. Tuned in, saw Punk was running his mouth. I don't like Punk. Not for everything going on, just, don't like the guy. Never been big on him.
Kip Al Snow Head Sabian --- HEAD
Without the Elite and Cody, there’d be no All Elite Wrestling.   Even if the current toxicity could be turned into a storyline, it’s made AEW and its owner look bad. I want the original AEW back! And I support the original AEW wrestlers, including those who’ve left.
Despite all the drama it’s great to see Kenny back!
i know brandon got footage of the cm punk elite scuffle ????🎅🏿
oh come on brandon we wanted to see the fight with Punk.. this.. is.. BULL.. SHI*!
You guys give me something to look forward too.Ive lost more n the last yr and a half than I want to say.not going to submit the commenters to that but I have condensed my expectations down to a point so Lil things can give me happiness and reason to not give up.That said I'm so happy to be able to enjoy wrestling like I used to as a kid..never stop please.You guys mean more to many people then you could imagine.👍
How did I not notice there was a butterfly on their new gear???
Love y’all !!
Don't think we don't see Nick at the end... without a Black Eye.... BITING :D  you worked everybody into believing the first real backstage brawl :D :D
Hi, please cut out all of the dark order stuff (it’s dumb!) and instead show Punk and Ace knocking Kenny and The Bucks out.
Always curious about the decisions when people that high up win gold
So which one of u idiots did Punk knock the fuck out?
Why ya threw CM punk under the bus tho  Why ya left ftr out the game tho  Why ya ain't drop the belts to ftr tho...
Oh damn, I see why kip lost at all out now this is a huge win!
OMG CUTLER BIT LARRY THE DOG
seriously that match had way to many super kicks
I'm so happy BTE still aired this week. Got nervous when Monday ended and no episode  Now BTE can compete with Sammy's Vlog this week  Today's edition of Cutler-cam was well worth the wait especially after seeing the shots Brandon got on the TV shows and on the ppv. Brandon once again showing why he's the best ringside cameraman  Dang, ANOTHER casino?? Why you guys feeding into Nick's gambling addiction? He's gonna become a great tragedy at this rate losing everything 😆  Lmao poor Peter. How dare the backstage fight affect the relationship with Peter and Leva by causing Leva to be needed to meditate instead of comforting her Vegas husband  Lmao Silver with the "lost my smile" joke and the vacating 😆  Lmao omg INTERIM BTE Champion  Ah so Kip Sabian is only interim champion. That's lame but at least he has a belt since he lost his All Atlantic title match  Very interesting blackjack style, all cards visible to both players  Dang, Christopher Daniels has a great talent for announcing and a good voice. He should consider that after his wrestling career is over  Lol that game Kip and Leva played for the first BTE defense was great. Upside down goggles must be so intense  Brandon's excitement and enthusiasm is so funny and wholesome  Whoah, is Matt and Nick trying to manipulate Dark Order against Hangman? 3-D chess to get Hangman back in the elite  Dark Order yelling at Brandon to shut up 😆  I still feel like the bite on the pizza plate had to show this took place after the backstage fight and everyone was cooling off while eating pizza. No way that wasn't intentional. So Bucks are gonna make subtle jokes about it. Probably smart. Let Punk be the irrational one
Colt F tier entertainment in aew Bucks D tier entertainment thus far in aew Punk D tier entertainment thus far in aew Paige C tier entertainment thus far in aew   Gaggle of clowns honking.  Kenny is the only true professional of the bunch.
Screw cm punk
11:56 what store is this? I see a lot of heat!
Always remember, without the elite Punky Brewster wouldn’t have a job.
I myself have gotten some heat with coworkers before. And it has gone physical too, I know a little bit of the stress your all in, the drama and that unsettling feeling going to work. I wish you three all the support we the fans can muster.  And! Please, please always remember. When you wrestle pigs in the mud they end up being happy and you end up covered in their shit.
let's try to change all this negative energy in something positive and fun!
So adam page realy leave AEW because of cm punk
I loved every second of this BTE episode and you guys are awesome as always and I will always love guys no matter what happens. Again this episode is awesome.
The best evp idc what the what cm diva says
That was a Botch! hahahahahahaha
Where's the part were you guys fought Punk and his boy? Heard somebody threw a chair at someone. Hilarious!
Wtf where the aew champ at cm punk kicked their asses
Well that was a let down
Most anticipated episode.Im all behind all in all out all elite.4 life.
Ace Steele brought me here.
Damn 35k views in an hour lol the nosiness is real americans love drama n bullshit lol cringe
when can we get a t shirt saying "Shut Up Brandon!"
I’m here for the comments
We're an episode too early.....
I love you and always will! The Elite Forever!
No more fights guys. You guys and punk should sit down and figure out how you can make money off this hectic situation. You guys fought said shit it’s time to make money and turn this shit into revenue. If vince can do it you guys can too I believe in you guys.
Kenny and hangman’s face offs, the bucks fits and John countering the one winged angel were the highlights of the match for me. We all need a little positivity right now
Who else skipped to the end to see if they show it? Lol
Well, Cm Punk is fired
Very special thanks to Brandon for bringing us BTE weekly. 🤩💛🤍🖤
#TIMEFORPUNKTOGO
Y’all gotta figure your shit out with CM Punk. I’m not taking sides, I’d tell him the same.  Also I still think it’s a work.
I can't wait to see what you guys look like on Wednesday hopefully Tony fired your asses by then.
high spot, high spot, super kicks; seen one Bucks match, seen em all...
Disgrace to pro wrestling
The fight they caused with punk better better be on here. If not the bucks and omega are the bitches they pretended not to be.
this youtube shit just reinforces everything Punk said at the scrum lol
If it's y'all or punk I'm with y'all every time, Kenny Omega and hangman are AEW to me
You probably can't show the footage. Could y'all do a reenactment of what went down next week?
322, that's how you know it's fixed
Whatever the case, a civil war angle would be absolute $$$$$
Cody had issues with the elite then left AEW, now Punk has issues with the elite. Good job EVP's, keep on being toxic backstage
Why don't you show us the black eye Or the bite mark!!
props!
That clothesline into Power Bomb was the craziest thing I've ever seen. WTF
On the next BTE I wanna see them walk around a Target with a clipboard acting like they run the place
Shout out to Bobby the Fish. Who knows how to throw a real head kick without getting injured
Camera cut Kenny: "From when times were fun" Another camera cut...  Brandon you tease
Nick, I heard you were KO’d by Punk 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🎉
Anyone watching in hoping they added something about the cm punk situation
shame It didn’t show CM punk whooping these’s mark’s asses  #cosplaysuperstars
Will should come to AEW once his contract up with NJPW. Dude's a beast, and I enjoyed this match
Not what I expected
John silver losing his smile and vacating the BTE belt was heart breaking 😢
If you listen carefully the Punk scrum was playing in the background while the skit with the Dark order was on hmmm 🤔
Why didn't u show the bucks and omega getting potatoed by the wwe guys
“My low back is aggravated.” - Matt Jackson for the past 50 years.🤣
Small chance they will actually see this, but you can call that bottle game, The Australian Bottle Fill.
"It's all hangman's fault"
Awesome episode! Those mirror glasses were trippy AF and the Dark Order/Hangman/Elite storyline is the best in wrestling 👏 PS: I need more Private Party  🎉
No juice damn you know Brandon got it
Where is the part where cm punk's lawyer comes in and stone cold stuns all of the elite......
That United Empire vs Elite match was pure magic! And man, I want Ospreay and Kenny in a singles match.
31:00 poor Keny's figure doesn't look as cool because his outfit got lost in travel.... big sad.
Finally 👀🖤
The more I look at them the more I 10000% agree with Jim Cornette. These guys have done nothing for the business except pander too there smark niche fan base
WHERE'S THE FOOTAGE CUTLER
Punk went all out on the elite omega and the bucks backstage. Brandon should of posted that on BTE. 😅😭
Cm punk owns the young bucks and Kenny omega and If they got issues with it they can leave AEW anytime.
I hate punk with a passion but ngl this will prolly be the most viewed episode of bte and it’s cuz of cm botch
AEW NO TIENE Q SEPARARSE
Punk is gonna preempt next weeks show
You guys will never get the credit for saving wrestling you deserve. Ill always appreciate what you 2 and kenny started. F the haters
Please fried c.m.punk he did same shit with WWE didn't get his way he has baby fite
Never been more excited for BTE and Dynamite
Cm punk sucks!
I hope CM Punk beat the shit out of them.
It's great seeing Leva, Kip, and Penelope back in the swing of things!
"Fight forever!" "Are you talking about the video game??"
love you guys
how tf you not gonna come out to the “be elite” theme song at all out 2022 smh
Release the Cutler Cut !
Drama aside, after seeing the match from a different angle, Will Ospreay is f*cking amazing
Before you watch, theres ZERO references to Punk or the incident
That triples match against Ospreay gand Aussie Open was absolutely incredible!! Glad your back Kenny, now when is the singles match against Ospreay? I need it!!!
Dark Order: It wasn't Hangman's fault. Brandon: Yes it was. DO: SHUT UP BRANDON! :P
What's the timestamp for the  superkick party in CM Punk's dressing room?
Can we see the outtake where CM Punk kicks Matt in the head #GTS
Was hoping for at least a few jabs at punk be added in at the end, ah well. I would of watched this anyway even without the current drama 🤷‍♀️😂
OK I know I'm not the only one who was hoping to see video of the fights as stupid as that sounds
This little boys club has to be broken up. It's not how you run a business. Tony fucked up by aligning himself with children.
I hope they fire Excalibur. Because he sucks and looks so flipping unprofessional wearing a gosh dam lucha mask while at the announce desk.    And if we're lucky.  He will fire all of the Cali kids.  Or pwg chumps.  Wanted to be big time wrestling company. Fire these chump's.  And your already there.  Book your stars and run off all these neck beards in the crowd. Get some woman and children like a normal wrestling co
Hangman superkick party
Well that was just an average episode of BTE. I'm guessing it was just delayed because it was 40 minutes long. If you're expecting some drama there isn't any of that. Cutler films everything and somehow he didn't get a fight on tape between the bucks and punk or they are choosing not to release it becuse it was a shoot fight.
Great job as usual.
Cm punk outed you for the children you are and this corny being elite is everything that’s wrong with wrestling today
Lol these guys are just the worst. The sooner tony sacks them the sooner his product becomes watchable.
I hope all of this drama back stage is a work..AEW is really fun to watch and everyone in that locker room brings something to the table.
CM Junk is a bum. The Elite I stand by!!
This is clearly before the Media Scrum, both of them look ok in the face. I hope their ok.
40:18 you can hear Punks doing the media scrum
Absolutely want to chime in and echo the (surprisingly, but very well deserved) positive comments here. Restores some faith in humanity to see that so many people are behind the Bucks and Kenny on this situation. You guys have absolutely changed the world of Professional Wrestling for the better, rekindled the love of wrestling for many fans including myself, and you will continue to have my support through thick and thin.
You guys dress like you were poor in HS so you don’t know what to wear when you have money now
Elite> CM Cuck the bitch of the bitchless
So the Sheets get it wrong again The altercation was with the Dark Order 😉😉
Is Ace Steel on this episode?
Cm Punk is a beeach...... no wonder no one wanted to hire him
You guys are the GOATs!
Huge thank you to Brandon for giving us a full 40+ minute BTE after a long week.
Tuesday!? Come on Brandon do your job!!!
Just to express my support to you guys. Keep going! Thanks from italy
If THE ELITE happens to be the ones to leave... AEW is done...
... Also is this admission from Nick that they are now officially faces? The outro doesn't have the "now that we're heels" part? ☺️
We love both sides in this issue. I hope you are all sent to a yoga retreat to sort things out.
Nick Jackson is the greatest wrestler alive.
Chicago pizza was so good that you beat the shit out of Ace and Punk?
Are you friends with Scott Colton?
The elite > CM Botch
The Elite are the reason why I love wrestling.  The fact that AEW is a shitshow right now is proof that all this new 'talent' isn't needed or good for business.
And you got your ass kicked by CM PUNK
Came hoping to see Punk addressed, 5 mins in, forgot all about the clusterf*ck of a situation and enjoyed the 40 minutes of fun... Thanks guys and thanks Brandon... Loved the new PIP transition you added... Appreciate you constantly adding new things... Like the bte transition you added a while back...
please let this all be work oh god
Why Is BTE On A Tuesday This Time Around?
Shout out to Brandon's wife that gear looks amazing! I love all the hidden stuff, great job!
no video real fight with cm punk 🥱
...so, what are you guys gonna talk about?
Another great episode!  Thanks for putting it all together Brandon!
Is this the episode where they talk about cm punk and ace Steele whipping they ass?
Fight with CM Punk >>>>> 40:55
Just here to say eff CM Punk tony needs to do something.
We're we supposed to pay for it or see it for free?
They left out the most interesting part.
The Elite are goats and did alot for AEW. Don’t get the hate tbh 😵‍💫
I'm glad Dark Order didn't at all blame Hangman for the loss, and shut Brandon up for saying that it was Hangman's fault. They are Hangman's true friends in real sense, love their bond. Still want the Hung Bucks😢
Cutler commentary is the best
Never watched an episode of this but come on now, you know what we wanna see lmao 🤣
YES THE WHATABURGER SOCKS
that splatoon gear, perfect timing
Well crap. All that anticipation, and we got a 40 minute commercial for The Bucks new shoe.   I'll take 2 pair. Size 11 😁
You had one job Brandon.
and so what going on with Punk? does he believe he did something for wrestling?
I know why we are all here.  And we are totally disappointed we didn't get what we wanted to see.  And that is a John Hungy title defense.
The peaches and roses era of AEW is over. Now Tony khan has to do the real work of managing huge egos
Nicks gotta give dude a receipt for that chair shot
Thank you Brandon, Matt, Nick, Kenny and everyone who do this to deliver BTE to us weekly without fail. We love and appreciate you all for this. I’m with #theELITE
I wish ace steel luck in his future endeavors.    Luck that hes never brought back into wrestling again.
Save yourself 40 minutes, there's nothing involving what happened backstage in this episode
I thought i would see the backstage brawl with Cm punk
Hands if you were looking forward to this: ✋
John Silver double booking himself was hilarious, now there has to be an Interim BTE champion lol
Dark Order saying "shut up Brandon" got me.
Shoe game is crazy 🔥🔥🔥 I miss y'all uploading pics of your outfits matching the shoes
OMG !! It’s arrived, I was waiting for this yesterday
Did anything happen last night after All Out?
EVPS = Children with a niche audience
And here is where I speak from my heart as an AEW fan to my core... I love you guys.  I want you guys to do business.  That's all that matters.
Dammit Brandon, you cut the ending before Punk and Ace walked in!
Cm Punk is toxic 💀 get him tf out
Why is the audio always so bad? I’m gonna have to wait until I get home later on today 😩
If it doesn't contain the footage that people are here for, resign Brandon
Amazing work as always Brandon 🙏
We all Came for the Punk vs Elite Brawl ! Main event unfortunately not out yet
There was no run-in with CM punk, boredom.
I had a panic there wasn’t gonna be one! FREAKING LOVE YOU GUYS!!!You’re phenomenal 💚 The truth will out! Xxx
An hour long woah ok
You guys are all class acts dealing with things the way you have. Well done.
There’s no way they show anything with Punk right?
The anticipation for this was killing me. Now that I have seen this I can go about with my life normally.
please get punk out his once genius in the ring is gone he is like small pox now, he is like a cornette/Hogan baby.
So where's the part in which punk miserably fails to throw punches on the bucks
It was talks of Kenny Omega being this awesome wrestler outside of WWE that got me interested in wrestling again. I started with scouring dark for Kennys matches and it was good. Then I eventually got fite tv to check out AEW wtih friends. Been subscribed since spring 2021 now and while Kenny got me in Bucks, Brandon, Dark order and many others kept me subscribed. Nowadays me and my GF watch AEW together and she's a huge fan of Bucks and many others.
I want a AEW Street Fighter style game...
But seriously…. No Ace Steel CM Phil fight? 😔
Im happy that the dark order still has hangman’s back for the most part.
I wish one day to make a aew fan fest in person to get the opportunity to meet my favorites all elite wrestling wrestlers I love & like so far.
People expecting to see footage of something that DIDN'T HAPPEN!!!... Get worked, marks.
How about backstage fight? 👊👊👊🤘🤘🤘👊👊👊🤟🤟🤟🤝🤝🤝🤝
"Get your dick OUTTA HERE!"  funny shit.
kip sabian is the man. great match sunday.
get punk out of the company
Kenny should have used the shoulder thing then rip it off halfway through the match
Kenny should have used the shoulder thing then rip it off halfway through the match
imagine getting paid to be a bootleg camera man at ring side. holy crap what a gig
5:25 "He kicked em with the feet!" 🤣🤣🤣
That slow-mo they do 33:01 should’ve been of them getting their asses beat. Imagine a bloody Punk and an enraged Ace Steel throwing fist at the Spot Bucks in slow-mo with the music playing in the background 🤣
Kip lives his life upside down 😆
Anyone else dropped what they were doing when they saw this go up just to see if any footage of the fight was included? 😅👀
Make some money off of this BS situation guys. Chicken salad out of chicken shit and all that.
The Elite goats
Shoes look great
FUCK PG PUNK  THE ELITE, THE THE ELITE!
I liked BTE better when half the episode wasn't the Young Bucks bragging about their sweatshop shoe collection.
Who else came here to see if they hopefully recorded the fight backstage with CM Punk 👀
Forever a Younguck Guy 🤘🏼Hope you guys are ok, sending positive energy.
Remember that they hang with the dork order… lame lame
I pop every time I hear the rewind sound at the end
So nothing about the scrum.   Lame o boys.
So....where do I go again for those Young Bucks shoes?
Passive aggressive men are pussies
I'd love to get a pair of YB shoes but I have high arches. Nike is totally uncomfortable and the quality is pretty terrible too. 😆
kip touched tips
Brawl 4 All but each competitor is wearing the upside down goggles
https://youtu.be/mtx4vSBBJkc
Johnny no turn jones
Seen hangman?
This is just like the first Chris Rock show after The Slap
Thanks a lot, Brandon!
NAKAZAWA quit botching!!
#FirePhilNow
Kip: " So what game are we playing? "  CD: " YOU WANNA PLAY 21? "
👀👀👀
In light of all the recent drama with AEW. I am with The Elite. Phil can go home.
To Brandon Cutler:  Please don't release the footage!!!  Please don't!!!
We tuned into BTE every week because of The Elite.   We helped sell out All In because of The Elite.   We loyally followed AEW because of The Elite.   CM Karen is not what we signed up for. Good riddance.
You guys are amazing! I almost thank you for give me such chill like that, in time a little bit bitter! #beigntheELITE
That’s crazy cuz I’m a size 13 shoe too. John Silver needs his own HBK theme & entrance. Like I’m a  Hungie Boy 🎸🎶 Anywhoyonder Thanks Elite Family for everything you’ve done for the business and everything yet to come. The Fans appreciate it more than you know. All the pain & sacrifice is just incredible. Thank you thank you 🙏
Christopher Daniels vs Kip Sabian has to be be the funniest thing I have seen this week! Ty for the 😆🤣 gents! Y'all rock!!!
Maybe they address things next week.
A few things I enjoyed from All Out and one of them involves the Elite becoming champs! Congrats on the win!  And Brandon... great work on editing this!
Intense game damn
Where is ACE STEEL  ?
Hope you guys are alright after that fight btw with Punk just hope you’re doing well great vid
Match was so kinetic and top shelf!
Release the Cutler Cut! 😂
Oh boy
Glad Kip got to compete for the BTE title. Did he win??? Gues you will have to watch
You guys need to leave AEW.
Cornette is right.
Please don’t leave aew idc who is at fault this is y’alls company at the end of the day
Kip Sabian touched tips. He cheated, he should relinquish the title
Kenny Omega thinks hes an actual star in the USA.  Being generous, maybe 1/500 Americans could pick him out of a lineup.  The dude is a niche, within a niche
What happened at All Out, stays at All Out.. RESPECT!!! Great ppv and awesome BTE!!!
Nobody cared about your trios win at all
Love or Hate The Elite they rule the World and CM Punk is the Best in The World. AEW needs both for so many reason as on screen personalities and Wrestlers. Behind the scenes drama aside hopefully everything is settled legally and fairly for all parties involved. #WrestlingIsAliveAndWell
The Elite>>>Karen Punk!
You guys MADE AEW!  I want to continue to support the product, and I'm hoping things get better for all of you. 🙏
Future Target managers
YOU CANT SILENCE US. WE STAND WITH THE ELITE. FUCK CM PUNK
I love the match montages man
CM Punk is a washed up hack and Tony should fire his ass. Elite Forever! Tony Khan acting just like a spoiled trust fund kid now, he played the whole humble card early on, but he's so full of shit. He's also on drugs 100%, the dude doesn't blink in interviews for up to 3-5 minutes. It's scary. Tony get help and let the EVPs help fix your mistakes. Cody was right to leave.
It seems Punk caused a cancer in the locker room. If anyone besides Punk can back up his version of events, do tell. Otherwise it seems his comments and actions were out of nowhere.
To anyone going Dynamite this week, please start a “Colt Cabanna” chant!!!
Glad to see that "THE ELITE " are still with US!!!! THANK YOU BUCKS,KENNY,HANGMAN
Not sure what's going on backstage but much love to you guys
Imagine what would've happened if hangman didn't intervene..
Single most anticipated video and we got trolled without a Punk reference...
I'm glad I sparked an idea for that bte title
I cant get over how magnificent the beard on Alex Reynolds is.
They pressing charges for sure
I hope whatever beef you guys and Punk have gets resolved. At the end of the day I’m sure you all want the same thing and that’s to bring eyes to AEW and Professional wrestling.
A million clicks
Uneventful night I guess
#fireCMpunk
#fireCMpunk
Who's here after viewing the CM Punk metldown,hoping it's addressed?
CM Punk was right
Lol John silver lost his smile
i saw this and said “brandon you better have been there”
Looks like Nick was carrying a huge brick with those dollar bills
Yes
Punk slapped this episode into the next day. If he was a heavy weight this would have been a week later.
Where Nick black eye tho
this still comes together alot in the levels of non intelligence and at least minor douchebaggery, between the "leaks" and probably being bad at anything evp related, the lame shoe obsession plus guys who are likely millionaires (there's no way as talent AND evps they aren't paid at least 1 mil or more a year)  butt hey still get excited over winning at slots lmao...I bet they find a dirty dollar bill on the sidewalk and actually pick it up too.
Fire Punk. That is all.
TLDR: They don't mention the brawl at all.
They usually never show their match at ppv, only photos. Hmmm
I understand.
The Bucks smiling at the North Carolina is just as spectacular!   Love all this!
What do I search for on the website for those shoes
Hope everything is all good in y’all situation boys
😳 I was waiting for this
No fight footage! noooooooo!!!! I love Kenny but it would have been funny to see a grown man literally biting him haha
Bro that is genuinely some of the sickest gear I've ever seen man
SO NICK WAS THE BITER!
Praying for you guys, guidance, wisdom and faith.  Much love, and thankful for you all.
Waste of my time
Are these guys supposed to be babyfaces? Because they're coming off like heels right now. Half of AEW's roster should be flipping burgers at McDonalds. They have the best wrestlers in the world and the worst, most entitled wrestlers in the world. When these guys actually draw like the top guys in the business, then they can talk back to people like Phil Brooks. The moment his segment is over, the show loses half its TV viewers. Mark Calloway wouldn't put up with this. AEW wasn't considered a big league wrestling company until Punk and Danielson arrived. Now they're getting a ton of exposure and making more money than they're drawing for the promotion and they're upset because they've been exposed for being big fish in a small pond. Now it's a big pond and they're getting lost. These kids all think they don't need the veterans to teach them. Yeah, that's why the ratings drop significantly once Brooks' segment is over. At this rate, his promo should always be at the end of the show, because if you book it at the beginning, everyone knows they can turn the channel after that. It would be nice if there was a bit of humility and appreciation for the fact that these guys have a great opportunity to learn from one of the top guys for the last 15 years and get better themselves. Why wouldn't they want to take that? Tony needs to get some control over his locker room and recognize who's drawing money for him and who isn't. If someone doesn't like it, they'd better figure out how to start drawing big money or there's the door. It's a business, not a charity.
Kenny and the shoulder thing...spectacular!
Legends in their own mind
Best tag team ever and best trio ever
One vlog title that hasn't been seen in a while and is somewhat MIA is The Pizza Championship belt once held by Charlie
Colt > Punk
Will Osprey the one who started it. He sent the reported to CM Punk
Lmao, who is disappointed? I knew they were not going to talk about it. But I still was hoping they will
The Elite 4 life! Will Osprey is a legit bad ass!
Bro those direct fighter figures are absolutely sick
Good Episode, most excited for Cutler wrestling figure and all the gimmicks!  Who Else?
Live cm punk altercation footage???
These EVPs can't hit a target 🎯
Is this the final episode? Since Tony is CUCKED by cm punk I expect the elite to be gone soon
I was a fan up until i noticed u guys booking yourselves out of the ftr rubber match... Glad punk exposed u lot
If only that was how it ended
I love when wrestling makes me smile.
I'm shocked they put out an episode
If 40:50 isn't on the next episode from  PromoJoe, I'll be VERY disappointed.
There's no All Elite Wrestling without The Elite, I hope Tony realizes that
Glad kenny n crew are back in business.... let's go 🤘
Damn, not the locker room we wanted to see you guys go into.  (I get a kick out of Kenny doing a Stan Hansen imitation and nobody in the crowd understanding it. )
Fire punk
I love that they tried to do a sketch with Dark Order and the Bucks after the show, but you could tell it was off
ELITE FOREVER
As someone who like all the people involved in the "event" after the ppv can we all just agree everyone was wrong one way or another?
I hope Punk gets fired and sued for assault.
Anyone else watch this video to see if the fight was on it.
Kip brain
No post media scrum
and here's the schedule for this month for AEW: 7-Buffalo NY 14-Albany NY 21-Queens NY GRAND SLAM 28-Philly
I thought you were going to skip a week, cause you didn't posted yesterday Brandon. This is going to be great!
The casino has to be the real work. No way they that  lucky.  Stop giving that money to child abuse nike 😱
Much love, guys. Hope everyone is doing better
Kip is godlike man
banger
Look it was hangman fault: Brandon it was totally his fault
SHOW US THE BITE MARKS ON KENNY
CM Punk was right.
I wanna know if Brandon Cutler has footage of the backstage fight between CM Punk and Ace Steel vs The Elite
CM Punk!! CM Punk!!
Bullshit aside, still love you guys! THE ELITE FOREVER!
You get what you deserved. Next time don't talk behind everybody's back. How was that chair for dinner?
Hope all is well boys
THE ELITE = AEW
If Punk goes doesn't bother me too much, if Hangman and the Elite go, I'm not watching AEW anymore
Bucks ran off Cody now trying to run off Punk. They can’t stand it whenever someone is more over and outshines them.
I knew it was brewing when it didn’t get released yesterday   #cmpunkistoxic
40+ minutes and no footage of the scrum. I was hopeful ☺️ Still fun content!
you have to put a heavy hand, and if it is necessary to fire Punk, I see no other solution since this can heat things up and it is necessary to generate a sanction so that this episode cannot be repeated, and more so in a company that was positioned with a healthy and respectful work environment.  Conflicts are going to exist, that's for sure, but throwing garbage at your colleagues, coming to blows, and tarnishing a show for a press conference was not what motivated me to follow this company fervently, that's not what fell in love, that's not what generated such a genuine passion for t-shirts in me.  Although this entire episode will serve to attract a lot of attention, it also leaves the image that they have constituted on the ground and the project that was truly sought with AEW: a solid alternative that attracted attention for its quality than for questions unrelated to the product.  I don't think The Elite have sacrificed that much to get to this point; making an analogy is like Bioshock 1 where the idea of ​​building a utopia led to a civil war, which ended up destroying the search for a new place to live, a place where freedom and other concepts were the order of the day.
It was hangman’s fault popped me
35:52 Bryan Alvarez in a calm moment BEFORE the storm arrived 😲
If Tony Khan could terminate someone I would terminate Punk and Steel because Punk is causing too much crap in AEW now. He starts out great and after a while he begins to start letting his mouth run to much and takes away from the product. Punk is a really good wrestler but once he starts trying to make it all about him then I'm done with him
Dark Order deserves better 🔥
42:10 videos taken moments before disaster
F CM Punk. Cancer
"He kicked them with the feet." lol It would have been a big time move if he would have kicked him with his fist.
🙄😒
Trios title match by far best of the show. Hey boys in the back, try to follow that!! 🤣
Can we just Acknowledge the Elite. ❤️❤️❤️
The last episode before they are all fired
that incredible Elite vs United Empire match feels like it happened a year ago at this point
CM PUNK !!! CM PUNK !! CM PUNK !! like it or not, you are here because of CM Punk.
CM PUNK CM PUNK CM PUNK
The ELITE resurrected my love for Pro Wrestling and Wrestling itself. Despite the apparent turmoil, the constant naysayers and lifeless trolls, you guys always rise above everything and do an excellent work while staying genuine and kindhearted. I hope you're all doing OK.  My week begins, correctly when I'm #BeingTheElite!! 🙌🏼 🔥
Something tells me a few ppl are going to tune in this week.
#TeamPunk
Don Callis is in the Best Shape of his Life eating that Pizza.
My brother who hasn't watched wrestling in years guessed the Joker behind the mask the other night was Christopher Daniels. Honestly when he said that I realised how much I miss the Fallen Angel!
The way I inhaled when the rewind happened. Oh well. I guess it’s what you expect
How that chair taste?
Two good things at all out mjf and the elite hope full gear mjf defeats punk for the title ue vs elite for trios title
I just want to tell you, that i appreciate everything you did for the business. You're the E in AEW and without AEW my love for professional wrestling wouldn't have been revived. Thank You!
I can really sunk my teeth into this one
Something tells me Kip is going to be an extremely dominant champion..
It makes me happy that Kenny and Hangman seem to have so much fun when they're in the ring together or against each other.
My brother was glad you brought the bright colors back.
It's crazy how the elite got no response from the crowd winning the trios title. It should have been a big deal but if was flat, obvious that really hurts bucks and omega but I don't think they realise
You guys and Bullet Club brought me back to wrestling after 10 years in 2016. Awesome to have Kenny and the Elite back!!
The best Trio match I've ever seen. Hats off to the Elite and the United Empire, but my money's on The Elite. 🤘😎
Thank you for being the best wrestlers in the world, and doing so much for us fans. I'm sorry you guys are having to go through all that toxic bullshit backstage.
edrones wanting the bucks an omega to come wwe now is the funniest thing ever. lol
We go wherever you are.
Just started watching will we show the part where you Adelanto boys get cracked by a chair?
Please get rid of CM Punk, he is a toxic person and doesn't play well with others.
Even though The Elite won The AEW Trios Tag Team Championship, they still got some unfinished business to attend too and it's a potential feud with Budge(Adam Cole) and Redragon and that John Silver should be the special guest referee for their matches
You All worried about this and not corrupt Ukraine, Hunter Biden or Blm, Antifa satanic thugs 🤷😂😳
Thank you Brandon I know 💩 hit the fan & I want you & the Elite to know we love & appreciate you .
42:35 Just before Ace Steel & Punk called you all out. Do business, don’t walk
22 mins dropped and I’m here anticipated 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
Tf Kenny's a 13?
Hope we get the footage of Punk and Ace bitchslapping the Hardly boys!!!
35:53 Brian Alvarez makes a quick cameo
It would be hilarious if Ace Steele bought the pizza.
Nick's gambling addiction is compelling viewing.
The main take away from this episode that I am getting is that Cutler should be a champion of some sort.
Best start to my morning love BTE 💫👆💙  🇦🇺
Hope Cutler recorded Matt getting punched by PUNK
I hope y’all can all work this out. Don’t let the egos ruin a good thing please!
They "haven't done anything." Bitchass the company you work for as the word "Elite" in the name. Punk talks about MJF shitting where he eats while he does the very fucking thing. Maybe HHH was right about Punk all along.
You boys revolutionized the business I have always loved u guys and will always ❤️
It's all about the interims rn lmao
Silly johnny double booking himself lmao
I said I didn't want MJF on TV so goodbye
I hope you are all safe.
The Elite is the best thing in wrestling.  Awesome quality matches, long term booking storylines, best overall pro-wrestlers, and entertaining af.
the pizza party monuments from disaster
That is not what i wanted to see in this episode
Still think it's a work?
Feels good to book yourself as champs lol
Congratulations on winning the Trios titles boys.
i don't usually write comments and i hope you understand everything because my english is not the best. but i want to thank you three and brandon for getting me back into wrestling and rekindling my love for the great sport through BTE and AEW. it's unbelievable what you guys go through to entertain us and give us a phenomenal show. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for everything you give to the people and you have done for this sport. I hope you don't let yourself get carried away and don't lose the joy of the whole thing. I wish you all the best from the bottom of my heart stay healthy and sound. love you guys
Active wrestlers shouldnt be EVPs
I’m more interested on what’s gonna happen tomorrow on dynamite.
Much respect to Nick Jackson, Matt Jackson and Kenny Omega. We support you guys. Sorry for the drama you guys are going through.
Let's go kip!
Dang I was hoping for the Kevin Nash's favorite wrestler line lol. Nvm!
Fuck PuNK ….. We support you The Elite, suspend Punk and give tv time to wrestlers who deserve it
There is virtually zero chance of any of the Elite seeing this, but I'm sure we're all in agreement when I say: We love you guys. We hope you're doing well. Best we can do as fans is just rally around them, try to spread a little positivity, and hope for the best. Much love to everyone, man.
Waiting for Nick to do captain Jack sparrow cosplay with black eyes 😂😂😂😂
where is the backstage fight?
43:11 is what everyone was waiting for
Matt’s shoes >>> cm punk 🤡🤡
Punk was right tony is not the only guy to controll the locker room these 3 guys were made evp's for a reason that was to keep everyone happy and not lose controll but these fuckwats don't know what they're doing just my opinon
For anyone wondering and impatient, there is no media scrum stuff
fight forever! are they talking about the video game?😂😂😂😂😂😂
Dark order not going over was a mistake IMO.
Cm punk is🤡🤡🤡
A day late because of labor day and travel or something else? That's what everyone wants to know 😂 and won't get a answer 😝
Booked themselves to win the belts again. NWO wannabes.
The HEAT. Top BTE episode of all time
I been waiting for the knock out, the chair shot and finally the bit
ima need 2 pairs of those diadoras
2:15 what's up with kenny's back, man!!
Can't wait to get worked even more
BTE,  HELP!! A puzzled Colt Cabana needs assistance in opening a bank account.
The gear tho 😍😍😍😍😍
nothing interesting
Kenny making fun of the TV watching segments killed me bro "I can see it all" 🤣
Eating too much pizza can slow down reaction times! Couldn’t dodge a chair with too much of that Chicago town pizza.
Those 75 ppl at fan fest looked like they had a great time
I don’t wanna see Private Party with Matt Hardy anymore
Damn Nick really bit that plate. Wonder why
not finished watching but i'm expecting a black eye
Just a head's up, if you came in to watch this episode expecting something about the "media scrum" there is nothing.
Did I see Masa?!?!
I have never in my life been so nervous to see a new episode of BTE, as a wrestling fan I just want to say that I hope that whatever is going on gets sorted out like the grown men that everyone involved is not only for the good of the company but for the good of the fans that love them. I send a lot of good energy to each of you guys, we love you guys. ❤
Believe it's time to freshen the BTE cast....Get rid of Dork Order, PP, Cutler.....they're not funny, they never have been........Which tbh BTE ever since AEW started has been dogshit
When it comes to bte I always look forward to Brandon’s commentary and the dark order skits
Feel free to stop by my target in Rochester on your way to Buffalo to prove you guys could manage one, definitely better than the clowns we have there now 🤣
Love you guys
Young bucks and Kenny omega have worked so hard to build AEW from the ground up. Hopefully they’re doing alright after the chaos that happened.
Amazing!!
THANK YOU BUCKS AND KENNY.   AEW/BTE MEANS SO MUCH TO SO MANY OF US.
AEW triple threat Trios tag team dream feud for The AEW Trios Tag Team Championship and it's The Elite vs The Undisputed Era vs The United Empire
Brian Alvares cameo!  35:52!
It's called All *ELITE* Wrestling. Kinda hard to think these guys "never accomplished anything".
43 minute of nothing.
I Stand with CM Punk.
I would also like to see omega win the tnt an alantic championship.
#ReleasetheCutlerCut
Team Punk!
Another exciting episode of Sammy's Vlo- hey waitaminute...
I guess it was real then bunch of unprofessional suckers
Clickbait. Lol I do hope you all work out your issues. AEW ain’t Jack without CM Punk or the Elite.
Brandon your wife is super talented with the gear she makes, those fits were sick.
Show where punk punches matt in the face and steel slams a chair over some1s head please
Bro those shoes r fn sick
Can't wait to see CM punk in BTE episode 🤣😂😂
can someone tell me whH is going in in backstage AEW 😢?
I wish I was friends with these dudes
"There was spitting, there was swallowing. Fuck you."
Matt got his with a chair. At the scrum.   Wow.   Hope u guys all of the aew family can make this mess and find a way to do big things.   Punk ftr vs bucks omaga   shoot fight baby !
This is the most anticipated BTE episode in history
Cutler !! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Punk knocked that azz OUT!
it's a work the problems with cm Punk don't worry, the same thing happened with MJF and if it was a work
Bro this new set lookin sick
Cosplay "Wrestlers" 🤮
The hardly boys
I see you @F4WOnlinetv Bryan Alvarez at 35:52
Hiding in the washroom at work to watch this shit! So hyped lool
“ No Tip Touching.” Words to live by
Oh $hit... not even read tha Komment$ yet or $tarted tha video but... tha anti$ipation iz next level. I'm a punK fan. But long live the Elite genuinely good people who put over other people without i$$ue. 💯  Bring baKK $OUR BOY!
Team Elite
I imagine this episode is going to do NUMBERS
Come on guy you know what we wanted to see
LMAO Y'all really thought they were gonna address the fight on a BTE episode ? it was pretty obvious they weren't going to
Where the time stamp of punk knocking out nick and hitting Matt ?!
Did Nick Buck get KWABed in the late summer of '22?
TURTLE POWER! KENNY AND NICK AND MATT AND BRANDON....THE NEW ERA OF NINJA TURTLES!!!
Here hoping everything resolves eacefully. I loved the PPV. ❤️❤️
Without the bucks I wouldn’t watch AEW simple as that so they better have CM Punk get on his knees and slurp! All of us original AEW fans feel that way
*Christopher Daniels vs Kip Sabian* for the BTE Championship is what I never expected to receive on #BTE 322. This is great, late than never. Thank you, Brandon Cutler.
The Entitled. Punk has a huge ego, bucks and omega feel slighted now that they hold no power. khan needs to put his foot down and stop letting the talent bully him
Moral of the story: "It was absolutely Hangman's fault."
Punk loses or we riot
All out was awesome and BTE being the elite two sweet
Damn you labor day
If none of the crazy shit that happened was a work, then Punk and Ace are psychotic. The Elite and TK have given Punk EVERYTHING, and he has the nerve to talk shit about them behind their back AND assault them. Throwing chairs, biting people, what the actual hell is wrong with them.   If all of it was real, I'm hoping that it either gets resolved and that everyone becomes closer because of it, or Punk and Ace get fired, and everyone becomes closer because of it.
I am now more confused than I was before  Wednesday can't come soon enough
Hg
I would be surprised if this didn’t get a million views.
Hopefully they fire CM Prick in this episode. Nobody wanted him in the company in the first place, he sucks so bad in the ring that I laugh my ass off everytime he calls himself "bEsT iN tHe WoRlD" and had proven he can't give an entertaining promo that isn't either scripted or unnecessarily trashing people that's not involved with his current program. He's a waste money, a waste of time and he seems to have single handedly ruined the backstage environment all to feed his massive ego. Hey Phil, there's a reason you never main evented Wrestlemania and a reason why WWE didn't want you back. You're an overrated piece of shit. Oh btw, it's super punk rock to keep calling yourself punk. You're about as punk rock as Good Charlotte. #FireCMPrick
I have a sudden itch to hit the casino.
This will hit over a million views
My brandon figure bouta steal the whole ring
Why is this a day late? Jk calm down.
👀
Omega and Hangman are so good together that even their reanimated corpses could put on a 5 star match
Congratulations👏
Damn, almost 20k views on the first 20 minutes. Talk about highly anticipated
Hangman is rejoins the elite I’m calling it !!!
Well we all now know the fight backstage was legit and not a work 😅 hope they patch it up and make a good match out of it for the ratings
Nothing to see here.
PUT ASIDE YOUR PERSONAL ISSUES AND MAKE MONEY WITH WHAT IS GOING ON! F**k Bret/Shawn, this could be even bigger
Footage of the brawl out at All out. 😂👀👀
Was that CM Punks scrum going on in the background with the Dark Order bit at the end there?
I can not believe we actually got to see the bite...of pizza
The Elite! The the Elite! Trios champions!
I heard that the bucks and Kenny had an altercation with punk and steel and Nick hurt his eye I just hope that it's false news or its a work  If not get well soon Nick ❤️
Well, you are not going to find what you are looking for
soooooo, no post media scrum ehhhhhhhhhh??????????????????????????????
There’s literally nothing about the “altercation” here, so you know, if that’s all you’re here for, bye
Johnny Hungee double booking himself is such a Dark Order thing to do
This show on YouTube is actually one of the big reasons AEW was created, i mean the promotion is basically named after those guys ( bucks and omega ), then comes CM CUNT to ruin everything
It's a normal episode guys. There's nothing regarding the scrum.
Where can I get that Matt Jackson Super Mario shirt?
oh esta sucio, lo limpiare con mi mano.. jajaja
Im sure brandon was editing this while sh!t was going down. Hope theres something clever on next week's.
Those shoes are Dope
Crowd- FIGHT FOREVER Cutler- They talking abt the video game??? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣lmao brandon
I can't tell I osprey brings out the best in these guys or if they bring out the best for him. Either way total insanity. Great freaking match
made a company so you are getting beaten by ur employes
Disappointed on the episode..
I love u guys but leave Phil alone
Who all skipped to after All Out on timeline  ? Part 2 please guys 👌
Bro kenny and matt's faces when nick was getting his money absolutely killed me man
Nick BITING the pizza plate in the end was a nice touch that also confirms this is a Work.
NEXT WEEK is the most anticipated…well done BTE, well done
Don't get beat by cm punk guys
So the plate biting has to be a rib to the fake story that "leaked" every single small detail right?
I swear nick's gonna be the one to get me addicted to gambling man lmao
Lol...
Work or a shoot people are talking. That’s the bottom line to the real bottom line.🤑🤑🤑🤑
Young Bucks and Kenny Omega, please release some information about this mess that involved you and the garbage of Cm Punk and Steele, I hope you are well, if the case takes these two turds in court, but if it's work, it will be a great rivalry between Omega x Punk, Bucks and possibly FTR, good recovery The Elite, congratulations on the trios title.
There is no way this will have any answers lol but I am still gonna enjoy it :D
Shame, Was hoping to see Nick get a chair to his face.
Not gonna lie, this episode ending on Nick Jackson biting the pizza plate savagely (before the fact) is creative irony writ large
Okay okay...... Next week for the AEW "Fall Out".  Tee Hee 😂😂😂 hope Nick is alright
The Elite 👏🏼THE THE Elite 👏🏼 let’s go
Nicks gambling addiction returns!
You know why I'm here.
Why is it always a sleeper on nick lmao
There is nothing to see here.
Hope Nick's eye is ok.I like nick.
Have u recorded the backstage melle?
Aaaaaand nothing happened in this video. Did all the marks think the Bucks/Punk altercation would be on here?😅🙄
oh damn 45 minutes. strap yourself in for this epic
Just sped through. Don’t look like anything I was looking for lol
Let’s gooo
Strap in baby jesus it's about get bumpyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
Kennys faces got me dead 💀
nothing to see here, move along...
I'm a CM Punk Guy
I don't think we'll see what everyone is expecting....especially if they're actually hurt in any way
If cooler heads don’t prevail and AEW doesn’t turn this into a Civil War type storyline, it’ll be a huge missed opportunity.
First BTE episode I ever clicked on, and skipped through and there appears to be zero content on what we all wanted to see.  Boo.   P.S. The Bucks are losers.
BEAT THE ELITE BEAT BEAT THE ELITE -Cm Punk
Wow. No cold open. That's weird already!
The look of joy on Hangman and Kenny’s face when they get into the ring together is why I love this. They love what they do and one another
Man all these grown men on the internet  looking for drama  like a bunch of hoes. I hope y’all sort all of this drama out like men and get the ship back on track because y’all got something special in AEW. Shout out to the Elite and Punk.
this one is gonna be remembered
Reading comments checking whether there's any Punk stuff on it, and if not, deciding not to watch 39 minutes of fucking awful online content
Most anticipated = Doesn't mention it.  Look, y'all are quality wrestlers, damn good in fact, but regardless of that, none of you need those belts, none of you.
F' yeah!!!! Buckaaaaaaaawwww!!
Give me a CM Punk Bulet Club! 😁
Next Dark Side of the Ring Episode “Punk’s Muffin Crumbs”
Damn I wish has Nick's Luck at the Casino...
please release the cutler cut version of when punk was acting like a little bitch towards you all. World needs to see!
Spoiler:  no fight footage.
Spoiler: nothing
🤣🤣🤣 It's absolutely Hangman's fault
I really hope aew lasts a long time
You know Brandon Cutler has footage of what we all came here to see.  RELEASE THE FOOTAGE, BRANDON.
bte b b te
Don't we all just LOVE the BTE's after a major PPV?!
Thank you for all you do!
For people coming for the backstage issues with Punk, let me save you the time. It’s not in the video.
#TeamPunk
Punk and Steele owns you
OH THIS ONES GUNNA HIT 🤣🤣
Oh boy
nothing about backstage fight ? :(
The Elite 4 ever
What's all the anticipation for? Something happen after the ppv or something? 😆
It's all a work and AEW has officially bought back kayfabe. Can't wait for Wednesday
I really want one of those belts Kenny was signing
I thought there would be no video this week since they claim they’d quit. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Nick biting the plate took me out
Theres nothing about cm punk. They wont comment on it since the bucks are buttercups and are probably going to press legal actions lol
Why do you all think theyre going to bring the drama into the show? What planets do you live on lmao
Well I guess NEXT WEEK Will be “the most anticipated bte ever” because this had NOTHING TO DO WITH ALL OUT
stay strong lads, yall built this shit
Congratulations to kenny omega and the young bucks for winning the trios tag team titles
So... business as usual eh fellas??? SMH
Nicely done, Elite! All the best for AEW!
couldnt even slip 1 joke in?
(in the tune of the bte song) cm punk f*ck cm punk
We love you, boys.
More excited for this then better call Saul series finale
The fight everyone was waiting for starts at 40:53 you're welcome
i can't wait to watch this video from my favorite stable of all time about a totally normal ppv that went exactly as planned with zero issues whatsoever :D
Team Elite 4 life love and respect you guys keep up the great work you guys love BTE
I hope everything get's dealt with and AEW will be less chaotic backstage again😭😭 Love you all
Gonna shoot straight here…. CM Punk suuuuucks 😘
Team ELITE
What you're looking for is not here. Yes, I'm talking to you.
Should I fast forward to the ending 🤔 lol
God!! Finally 🥹
Shout out to Brandon for putting this out despite the hectic news coming out Hope Nick is okay in all seriousness
This is my first time watching Being the Elite Episode😂 and it's a waste of time because i want to see something else i want to see the young bucks doing some real wrestling backstage with punk and Ace steel because the young bucks sucks in the ring..
43 minutes of BTE goodness!
Bitting the elite
Spoilers they don’t mention the thing
time to watch a new drama free episode of BTE!!!!!!...
Biting the plate like steel bit Kenny?
This gotta get at least 800k views b4 the end of the day.
🍿
Come on the show young bucks
I had dreams about this waiting to see it
Where's the footage we all want? Was Cutler not filming the confrontation? Did he get knocked out too?
FYI GUYS NO CM PUNK CONTENT
If you're here for BTE you'll probably love it. If you're here hoping for any details, prepare to be disappointed.
Where is that Backstage fight???
Hope you are okay nick
You know its seriojs when brandon wasnt there to film
support you guys 100% if you leave we understand. punk is toxic everywhere he goes.
I think you are all great.
damn where the cm punk fight lol
So we ain’t gon to talk about how good Nick Jackson is a gambling 🐐
Cutler Cam ringside is the legit best part of these.
Lol its absolutely Hangman's fault 😂🤣
This episode about to get 1M+ views. 0.7 18-35
Of course nothing we wanted to see just dark Oder trash
CM Punk
It's not on here guys
You guys had us worried, only 1 missed episode in history before this and we were told about it ahead of time. Hope you guys are Good and God Bless You!
love the elite long live the elite
No post scrum fight? Lol
There’s no AEW without you guys. The crap that was pulled during the scrum isn’t what any of us signed up for (at least I hope not). I hope everyone is ok.
Spoiler alert nothing was shown
Please tell me Punk is fucking off so I can watch AEW again... I miss it.
I really hope that CM Punk gets fired!!!! and that the elite stay forever!!!!  that being said  DARK ORDER HAVE BEEN ROBBED EVERY YEAR AND I HOPE THEY LEAVE AEW THEY ARE UNDERUTILIZED AND UNDERAPPRECIATED!!!!
No Backstage brawl reenactment? I’m slightly surprised 😂
I better see a flying chair
Yay you guys rock ! Happy your almost complete. Just missing hanger, I am sure it’s coming soon. Thanks Brandon !
Thanks Brandon!
As always, I appreciate the hard work you do, Brandon. You're the best!
Team Elite since day 1. ♥️
#FCMP
Team Elite 100%
Congratulations to The Bucks & Kenny for becoming the Trios Champs!!! Thanks for another great BTE episode as always!!! #BeingTheElite
hope you guys are doing good 💓
I feel like when my parents got divorced. Please, work it out. I know it's hard. But you all changed the world. You are still doing it. The size of the challenge is because the size of the blessing. This is not just because. There's a reason. Even if we don't see it.
Salute omega and young bucks omega is now first ever wrestler to have held 3 aew championships
I feel like you've all gotten your hopes up for something that was never going to be addressed in this BTE episode. What if it affected any potential legal proceedings that may go to court?
At some point someone’s gonna have to address what CM Punk said and what happened at the media scrum backstage. This is not a good luck for AEW at all! Tony Khan really needs to get his shit together and so do you guys. I want to see you guys and the company succeed but this is not the right way to do it
Stay strong! Stay up!
Ppl watching this like they're actually going to post all that stuff lol. Yalls crazy .
Who here came to see if Nick Jackson actually got knocked out actually better then all out lol
Brandon, did u forgot to add the footage everyones want to know?
CM Punk & Ace Steel new trios champs baby!
None of this covers what happened in the media scrum and it end with the Elite eating pizza in the locker room
Let down episode
Thank you Brandon!
Holy fuck, 43 minutes! Let’s goooooo! Views gunna be through the roof for this one
*grabs popcorn*
We love you Boys.
Spoilers: there's nothing
Nothing
Never commented before. Seems like the right time.  You guys are amazing and deserve all the respect. No one can take anything from you. Revolutionised the business.
You didn’t miss anything
There's nothing in it about the scrum. Thank me later.
Been watching since the beginning. You guys are awesome! Don't let bullshit wrestling fans ruin things.
Any publicity is good publicity.. LFG 😂
Been waiting for this the moment all out ended
You talking bout the video game lmao
It's ok guys, I brought the popcorn and Z-packs.
I say walk out and start another new promotion
Man where was all the action at smh
The Elite <3
43 minutes... This should be interesting.
247 comments in 7 minutes. I think people were waiting for this to drop
Shoe game crazy
Well let's see if they address what's on everyone's mind.
I'm definitely a CM Punk guy.
All the best guys, the elite forever, got me through so many hard times.
Great 30 minutes of Ryan Nemeth
7.5 k views in 7 minutes lol
There's no mention of the presser marks.
Take y'alls brand of so called wrestling on Broadway so kenny can actually be a real success. Fuckn children 😆
Grab your popcorn 🍿 this is going to be a good episode today
Elite EVPs!
If all this drama isn't a work, much love and respect to Kenny and the Bucks. Don't let that garbage get in the way of you guys being THE elite. Hope you're alright.
THE ELITE 4 LIFE!!!!!
We stand with Elite. I started watching wrestling bcz of The Elite .
The Elite is AEW , AEW is  the house that The Elite built.
I love brandon being suprised by the opponents athleticism, kills me every time man
Elite > Punk
Cutler - "What the heck?! He kicked him with the feet!"  Yes Brandon... That's how kicking works.
Lmaoooo the most anticipated episode like a mf! 😎
If anything I will always be team Elite #teamElite
Soooooooo
Huh? The Bucks and Omega aren't spending the entire episode pissing their pants and screaming at everyone like a child.  Because I thoughts that what champs were supposed to do. Act like little babies whenever their feelings get hurt and embarrass the company they work for, right next to their boss who does nothing to stop the said egomaniac.
Change intro to getting smacked around by punk and ace 🎶  chair shot chair shot getting my hair pulled by ace 🤣
Garbage.
Well.. this was awfully boring and mundane...
Before watching: I don’t think this is gonna be what we think it’s gonna be… *edit* lol yup I was right
Thank you Matt, Nick, Kenny, Adam and Brandon for all you do. Y'all are Elite in more ways than one and we appreciate what you've built for wrestling. Lets keep doing it, no matter where.
Anticipating this to be a knockout episode!
What's going on? Is this a work?
Well, what do you wanna talk about?😂
I had to take a deep breath before I pressed play…
Bucks and Omega should have beat the hell of CM Punk. That guy deserves it. Wherever he goes does bad things. We don't need him in Wrestling anymore.
Where is punk punching  one the young bucks
did cutler film the fight?
Ftr is better. Talk about cm punk beating you up
All my homies hate that Judas, CM Splunk
Nothing mentioned about Punk or anything on here 😩
I knew you could do it guys well done >:3 i stand with the Elite <3
CM PUNK IS RIGHT
big yikes
So this is going to be interesting
2:14 Kenny looking like he was recently part of some kinda GiantTentaclePorn. BTR (BigTentacleErotica)
This is the most anticipated episode ever
Never clicked a video quicker.
Bro im absolutely loving the new confetti lol
43 minutes Holy sh...
Punk chants forever
I just want Sour boy back....
Can’t wait to see the elite bury that trash CM punk. Was a fan before but he just feels like the most arrogant piece of trash now. And the disrespect he showed Tony during the media scrum is just unacceptable
*Michael Jackson eating popcorn gif*
No chairs or bite?? Disappointing...
If none of the EVPs do a skit about applying for an EVP job @ Tarzhey I'm going to be a sad 🐼
The elite are what got me into wrestling and for that I’m grateful, There’s is no aew without the elite. Period.
whole lot of nothing.
Trying to explain to my beautiful fiancee It's a "work" but a "work" I'm totally invested in is interesting lol
I just wanna say I FUCKING LOVE YOU GUYS !!!!!!
Man kenny is one of the goats
Most watched ep incoming.....Elite >punk  ❤
Release the footage, Cutler, you coward!
Before this starts I’m on The Bucks & Omega Side fully , Fucc Cm Junk ‼️
Everyone tuning in thinking they would put Punk or The Elite getting at it, fucking grow up people.
Kip, the AND NEWWWW Bte champion!
As much as I love aew, without you guys I don't give a shit about pro wrestling
Thank you Brandon for all your hard work! Denise did a fantastic job with the ring gear.   Congrats to our new trios champs ♥️  And damn Nick how you so good at slots 😆
Can sometime timestamp if there's any actual post scrum drama in this? I'm not sitting through 43 minutes of this lol.
DUD.  nothing about the fight.  Move on
Ima save you some time. No fight mentioned or shown
We're all Team Elite. The industry needs another big player in Pro Wrestling and you all have been a god-send in that regard. Things aren't cool backstage and we get it but understand everyone goes through dark times. You all will come out tougher in the end. Just hang tight. Much love, guys!!!
This right here is history my friends.  Edit: Still a good episode.
Private party is so cool man can't wait for them to break away from andrade!
Na. No fight
Hope you guys are ok ❤️
everything started to fall when that baby crying arrived, so you know what to do, love you guys, hope y'all are fine💖
W
TK Wise up man. Punk will be the downfall of AEW. AEW doesnt need Punk. Punk needs AEW.  I hope we go back to the old ways when everyone got along... and you can call me a mark but if the Elite leaves thats it for me.
Those private party shirts are fire
Where is CM Punk? XD
For fucks sake i just hope everyone in AEW CAN GET PAST THIS BULLSHIT AND GET BACK TO BEING  THE BEST DAMN WRESTLING ON TV. THIS IS THE REASON WE STOPPED WATCHING WWE BECAUSE OF ALL THE BACKSTAGE BS , WHICH LED TO HORRIBLE TV. GET IT TOGETHER AEW. YOUR STRONGER TOGETHER THAN APART!
#theELITE is the reason I'm once again a Wrestling fan, and they're the reason why punk from Chicago is champion otherwise he be getting his 7th loss at UFC 💯
Would have understood based on how busy the schedule was alone to wait a week. Thank you for uploading!
Nothing to see here. Glad I skipped through all that dumb shit
Here it comes hahaha
Wish we all would stop leaking shit when nobody has a clue.  CMPunk wouldn't have even reacted how he did the other night.  AEW is like a school playground
Nothing happens at the end.
I saw cm punk and Kenny omega making babies in a closet and the baby looked at me!
shout out to brandon cutler for scrambling to make bte after busy ppv weekends! love you brandon!
A lot of people grew up without kayfabe. It's not too surprising that a lot of this is going over their heads
Yall got knocked out
#TeamEVP #TeamBTE
We all know why we are here
The beginning of the end it seems....
Virgil’s are fake 100%.   That’s fine tho. Reps fam 4 life
10 days away from your kids man.. sounds absolutely terrible
Here for the comments
👀👀👀👀
The Elite > CM Punk
One day late guys, but it's all good with everything going on. Thanks for the upload!
I have never clicked on a video so fast 😂😂😂
Accidentally clicked the Notification. That’s how early I am
Despite all the supposed drama going on hopefully all can be worked out and AEW can continue being the alternative "Pro Wrestling" we all love and enjoy. Love AEW and Respect the Elite ❤️ 🙌
well HERE WE GO
Wow this will be one long insane episode of bte I Hope they show the backstage fight from all out Edit: well i guess there was no backstage fight at all out.
Wtf going on in aew. Hope it doesn’t end
Brandon slacking on uploading he is a day late LOL JK love you
Pretty fucked up spreading rumors about Punk. All over Colt Cabana too, so Stupid.
The last time I came this fast my son was conceive
Hopefully you the Elite will sort out your issues with CM Punk and be at peace. I read everything!
I'm hoping that this is the greatest storyline in wrestling history and we're all worked.
Weird intro
Mr Punk is silly boy
Straight to the intro.
Now this is gonna be interesting
Fuck Phil !! This company is ALL ELITE!!!
FIRE PUNK!
Awww shit here we go!!!!!!
Got my popcorn and Capri Sun ready
I'm with ya Bucks!!
Do you have footage of CM Punk kickin ur ass?
Cutler better have filmed the fight
Team ELITE! Let’s go!
Nothing about the "situation"
Aw geez
We know what you came for 🥹🤞
About the be probably the most watched BTE ever.
Here we go....did cutler catch the fight?
LETS GO GUYS>>>>>I AM WITH YOU NO MATTER WHAT!!!!!  LETS FN GO!!!!!!
43:11... Still skipping the intro. I have shit to do.
They didn’t talk about punk
When you wonder whether Brandon had the camera on backstage at the right moment......
So nothing about the fight?
Cm punk vs Matt Jackson before 2022 is over
I don’t watch BTE much anymore….but I’ve been waiting for this episode lol
Oh yes!! Brandon again with another classic within a day of the ppv!!!!
Been waiting for this one
Finally it drops. Please be juicy.
Bruh comments just fucking spammed in.  😭😭😭
Hangman vs Punk at Full Gear.
i await the day you finally get to beat up the new day when all is said and done
i hate when my friends fight
it was all Cutler's fault
Here we go I guess, ought to be an…interesting one.
O.O
There's no chance they even mention punk lol
Let's see if they recorded the fight    This is gonna be the episode which lets us know if its a shoot or a work
Ready for the gossiping to start! Thanks Brandon
Waited so long. Finally! Mad Respect, Bucks and Omega, for all the things you've accomplished. Stay Determined and strong, bros, don't let those single dimensional blown out of proportions comments derail you.
Oh this should be GOOOOOOOOOD
This came out while I'm at work  Ehh they can wait 43mins 👍
Interesting video. No reference to the controversy. That's interesting 🤔
🫣
💥
It's here!
TEAM ELITE!!! Love you guys and behind you!! Hope all is as well as can be!!!
So what you wanna talk about !? 🤨
The elite is worth more than punk
Probably the single most anticipated episode of BTE ever
If it isnt a work, much love to you guys. Hope you're okay.
Black eye watch time stamp: ????
ALWAYS ALL ELITE WRESTLING
Get well soon Nick. Fuck Punk.
Love the bucks, kenny and Adam ❤  Fvck Ace and Punk.
Despite all of the backstage issues I just want to say, Congrats to Omega and The Bucks on becoming the first AEW Trios champions
BTE so good it picked a fight with chicago
Have fun guys
Holy shit here we go!!!
Oooooohhhhhhh boy…. Do they give us what we want to see?! That’s the question.  EDIT:  …..nope!!
Punk, Ace and Larry bout to go for the trios titles
Never clicked on a video so fast
Not a regular viewer. For some odd reason I've been counting down to noon...
Niche Fanbase on the Internet represent!
Glad Matt Jackson finally woke up from being knocked out by CM Punk so he could upload the new episode.
I clicked moment this popped up I have to know what’s good
I'm team Elite all day every day
Thank you Brandon! All the love to the Elite!!!!!
This is gonna be saucy
Crazy things are going on backstage…..
Watching BTE for the first time LOL
It’s just ridiculous at this point how they book themselves to win every belt there is and even make belts just to have more. Embarrassing
What do you think about the verbal abuse by cm punk
F Punk
It’s Tuesday you know what that means
Wonder what needed to be edited out yesterday...
The most anticipated episode of The Elite
On your side forever and always 🤘
Here we go
Well we all know why here
Keep fighting the good fight boys
Holy shittttt
🍿
I've been waiting for this.
AEW IS FINE
This is going to be an intense episode of BTE
Well this is sure to be a very normal episode of BTE.
BTE time
This should be interesting
Love that Danhausen
HERE WE GO ! ! ! ! !
This episode should be uhhh interesting.
Let's get ready to rumble
This is gonna be cinematic.
I never clicked so damn fast LOL
Here we go!!!
love y'all
We love you guys we have you guys back and you guys deserve love and deserve the world to. I hope you guys is okay
I'm here for nemeth
cm punk owns you all
We love you guys ❤️
ONE OF THE MOST ANTICIPATED BTEs EVER. LETS GOOOO!
So, ummm... What do you guys wanna talk about?
👀
Here solely for drama
Let’s go!
The ones everyone’s been waiting for
This will be interesting
Longer than a VOD version of Rampage! LFG!
Any footage from the Punk vs Bucks fight?
This should be good!
Oh boy
Oh boy
This should be good
LETS SEE WHAT HAPPENS
OH WE BEEN WAITING FORTHIS ONE
Been waiting for this one today
Oh boy
Clicked on this shit hella fast
Here. We. Go.
43 minutes....wow. let's see what this is about.  Hoping for the best, expecting the worst
Clicked on the second the noti came in
Lets hope everything and everyone is okay
I really hope everything is ok  You guys are my favorite promotion  Sending all the love towards you guys and hangman
And here we go…
First viewer!
1st
5th?
This should interesting
Grabs popcorn
This is what I have been waiting for. I bet this breaks viewing records.
Here we go...
Let’s fucking go
This will be interesting  Edit: Nvm this is all the calm before the storm.
This is gonna be a trip lmaoo
Here we gooo
hmmmmm
First
First
First!
