not this white man thinking he’s a better director than coogler
MSheU really failed to capitalize on Chadwick’s real life death, Angela Bassett’s Oscar loss frown was bad sportsmanship…!!!
Sirens are the best in this one
Woke review...cant be honest and say it sucked because THEY will come for u...I get it Chris
They messed up namor's character
I am almost relieved that the actual actor of the Black Panther died, because they will not be temped to give us AGAIN another ressurection!
The movie imo handled grief and the process of dealing with ppl close to u dying was what made this movie
This movie sucked
Where can I buy the Metroid shirt?
I watched 20 minutes of this movie and turned it off.  It's absolute garbage.  Marvel should be ashamed at themselves for the dog shit movies they've been putting out lately.  For anyone curious dont bother watching this crappy movie unless your life is super boring.  I recommend making an egg salad sandiwch and hurling it at the TV instead.
i liked PB2 "BETTER" than the 1st one actually....but over all a fair review
So we’re gonna continue acting like the original people were Afro American?
Derp. As a human being. I really identified and feel the human beings being human beings and going through human being struggles herp a derppppp
I have to disagree with you on several points. Primarily Michael B Jordan was the worst part of the first movie. He is a terrible actor and his "performance" completely took me out of the movie. His cameo in the sequel infuriated me. I figured that we would be free of his cheesy character with the cornball name since he died in part one. He is such a bad actor that he ruins movies that he is not even in.
Yikes as Stuckmann gets fatter he might be getting dumber. I do not care the writer had to change everything due to someone's death... they did a bad job.  This film sucked! it was slow and boring and their were so many plot holes.   I just do not care about the characters.
The biggest flaw of this film was making Riri the catalyst for the rivalry between the two cultures.
After over a minute worth of advertisements I switch off. Blah
I think the movie is just ridiculous.  The Namor people have tech and the water to help protect their people and they can easily protect the Vibranium near their civilization. They could easily resist the french and american armies. But instead they decide to risk an all out war with the Wakandans who are just as advance and even willing to leave their advantage "Water" "Oceans" for revenge?  If people in our world did what this Namor did us humans would be extinct by now.
U were right about Bassett getting an oscar nom
As a purple titan myself. I empathise with Thanos and approve of his genocide.
What I found wrong with this Movie ? If the actor playing Black Panther in the first movie dies in real life. You get a replacement. You don't just kill the Black Panther.
This is like making a Batman film, and then Batman isn't even in the film. NO THANKS.
I just got round to watching it, and I've got to say I'm pleasantly surprised, it had a lot to cram in so I think the writers did about as good as they could, yeah it could have been tightened up in certain parts, but I'm not even exactly sure what I would cut and move around.  I think the movies going to get hate just due to the general quality of phase 4 so far, but I'd actually put it at second after Spiderman NWH ( and that movie was helped so heavily by having a connection to 3 different Spidermen)
2/10 movie actual garbage 🗑 😒
Back after watching this on Disney+ and the final score is fantastic. Every note to me felt weaved in delicately to tackle such a difficult subject matter. I nearly teared up thinking of ones I’ve lost myself. For me it was about the mental journey Shuri endured rather than restoring Wakanda. We all have our demons in some way or another so Ryan Coogler did a fantastic job on portraying the process.
Good review.  I don't watch movies like you seem to in that, I don't have predetermined inputs from characters.  I just watch how the story plays out.  Namor's backstory is very compelling.  Still, I found your rationale interesting and yes, Angela Bassett was phenomenal.
Just got the courage to watch the movie... Well, IT FRICKIN SUCKED, every minute of it. I want my three hours back, marvel is dunsky. After endgame, it just went to shit. I'm done with marvel.
I loved parts of this film but the final fight was way too big and undercut the emotional elements, I would have taken a fight between Namor and Suri. The dialogue is where this film succeeded, dealing with loss and now each character dealt with it was pulled off so well. The CGI was underwhelming with iron heart and the suits for the Dora milage looking cheap and out of place in Wakanda.
Idk how you can related to black or latino pain. Tenoch was levels better than MBJ and it was relatable. This movie expanded on the wakanda universe in the correct way and it is way better then the first movie.
Stupid movie 🙄 ironman suits, avatar wannabe tribe, bollywood actors and the whole tech-advance amazon tribe story just sucks. I watched it for FREE and want my money back 🤬
Tell that to zods snapped neck
Thr performances were fantastic. If you take out the American characters. That MCU stuff didn't really work and  I appreciate the camera work and letting scenes breath but I definitely didn't like this as much. The movie seems a bit too long and I Rarely complain about that.
I thought the story was going to be about Namor and Wakanda fighting against the "others" trying to steal the secret sauce.  That's how it started.  I thought those two worlds were going to come together for the good of mankind and instead they fought against each other.  Didn't see Queen Mother's death coming AT ALL.  So appreciate EVERYONE not giving any information about the movie on my social medias and I saw it for the first time on TV.
The movie really wasnt that bad until the end, the ending didnt make any sense. They both had their people go to war and die just to be like actually me and namor are friends now.
You can't support a character who mudrers individuals with the siren song. That was brilliantly nightmarish. Should'been a political movie ut they goon by the end so it just Blah blah blah and means nothing.
She was impaled but 10 seconds later she was just ok
Could have been much better. Ironheart cannot come close to replacing ironman. Suri cannot replace t'chala by any stretch. Whats with them replacing male characters with female replacements?? Also, I guess you can't kill Suri, she gets a moral spear wound and acts like nothing happened.
wakanda forever is definitley better than the first black panther. the action, the villian, and the cast were a lot better and everything else. everybody has there own opinions.. so yeah
I didnt want to see this without Chawick but boy was I sorry I waited! Saw it last night and it WAS THE BOMB on soooo many levels. I really felt for Namor, his beautiful people and culture. Shuri did her thang! This movie moved me, and I was pleasantly surprised and its depth and beauty
wakanda forever, well honestlt i got bored, my family got bored. for a family who loves movies, well for us it sucks. The actions sequence lacks quantity. I would rather watch this at home rather than going to the big screen and it is something you only watch ones. Overall this movie was just a hype but did not live to the expectation.
Shuri should have killed him. I hate when the villain is not killed and they end up being friends its just not realistic. Disney ruins everything
What the fuck kind of review was this?  Your body language and tone tells me you didn't believe a damn thing you just said. The movie was garbage. As of late, all new Marvel movies after End Game is garbage, a money grab. That includes Thor: Love and Thunder and Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
It was really bad movie
Movie was dogshit. Easily the worst marvel movie yet.
its boring thats what. Corporate shit.
A bit lacking for me...the Director just want to push the movie since its already planned with unfortunate loss of main actor
Because it is the film made after the tragic death of the unforgettable Chadwick Boseman, because they managed to do high quality work in the face of a difficult project, because they thought of placing unexpected messages and really very strong (like the family name of Queen Ramonda which moved me directly, so much this name is loaded for any African), and for several other reasons, I say thank you and respect for life to Marvel Studio.  Definitely, only one thing has always bothered me in Black Panther: the concept of a nation which is the most powerful on earth but defended by a single superhero and an army composed only of women. I think it's to be faithful to the original comics but they should have changed the story a bit by adding men in this army. You have to say things clearly. In the field of combat, a woman will never be a better option than a man. It's just nature and physiology saying so. This is the only real flaw of this saga. This idea of an army composed only of women and protecting the most powerful of nations is neither credible, nor relevant, nor coherent. With men inside it would be much better because it's completely coherent and it wouldn't prevent women from shining.  Men are systematically better than women for certain things, but the reverse is also true; women are systematically better than men for certain important and vital things. But as soon as we talk about fighting, it is the man who has the advantage.  When I think I read a review saying that this film had no soul... damn it! another person who does not control his internal urges. The film is great, everyone's acting is incredible (especially Letitia Wright who blew my mind), and the villain's movements through the air are a treat (it made me think of Channing Tatum in Jupiter Ascending). It is true that it is not perfect; for example the young genius of MIT could for example have been a beautiful young white girl; It would have been a very nice message, but it's not that bad. Black people are still so hurt by the terrible injustices they have suffered (and still continue to suffer) that this kind of fault is understandable. Brief! Marvel Studio, the black African that I am, says thank you and respect for life.
Fool me twice.
I am taking that shirt!
If you're a Marvel fan don't waste your time watching this.  The action is generic like a DC movie and the politics being played out in the movie is a total joke.  In the source material, that's the comics, Namor is white, not how he's depicted in this poor effort.  I give the movie a 2 at best.
Just terrible what a bad film!!
BS biggest waste of 2.43 in my life
Ok gotta get this out Namor is a great villan I like the kinda craziness of him
To me this movies is turned into a feminism empowerment movie I wouldn't have minded if they chose any of the spear ladies to be black panther at least it would make sense for them they're all mighty warriors and actually have combat experience where as the princess is a sheltered spoiled scientist who hasn't fought a day in her life
Wasted the plant on someone who isn't even a warrior/fighter should've at least been given to someone who grew up their whole life training to be a fighter/warrior/protector like the spear ladies or m'baku
Mbaku should have been the new black panther but instead they make it a spoiled princess scientist who has zero knowledge and experience in combat she's the worst choice for black panther she's just a sheltered princess who's never fought in her life and now she supposed to protect them mabaku should have become black panther or if it had to be a woman atheist make it the spear ladies atheist they are warriors and know how to fight princess is just a scientist princess not a warrior
I loved this movie it was phenomenal
I know you have to suspend some logic in any Marvel movie but there were some things that just didn't make any sense to me.  The water bombs, why only some of the characters blue and not others, the tiny ass wings that somehow gave Namor the speed at unfathomable speeds, characters abilities to instantly pick up any new technology instantly and know how to fully operate every function at an elite level, etc just really took me out of the film. Also whenever they cut to anything related to the us government it seemed to drag the whole movie down and all could have been eliminated as they didn't add anything valuable to the plot other than the initial opening scene which I thought was well done.
I connected more with Namor than Kilmonger personally. I honestly felt Kilmonger was a bit flat and one dimensional as a villain. Namor was pretty hardcore, and made Aquaman look like weak lol. I can't wait to see more of him later.
Angela Bassett has played a mother all her career  the Jackson movie boyz in the hood Tina Turner I knew shed knock it out the park. Mcu and me stopped after end game that was my end game
Namor literally shouldbe dead in the movie lol he can’t breathe.
This movie was meh cgi terrible gif that boat scene was awful namor a straight up murderer typical ending just bad  phase 4 is awful
bad movie
If you take away the tribut to Chadwick this movie was bad. Action was bad, story was bad, everything felt very forced.
nice to hear about this movie from Chris
I understand grief generates that feeling of being lost, but I wish the women had been portrayed as a more supportive, unified force. Rather than everyone off on their own journeys...letting them be more of a team...lifting each other up through the struggle...experiencing moments of joy (we always can through grief) would've been a more human, connecting experience. In tragic loss, we can overcome and heal by going through it together.
For me it was just OK. They never really explained how the Talocans came to find Vibranium or how they went from an ancient primitive people to having all this tech and all created underwater? They explained their power and long life breathing underwater but not the rest. Felt like an AquaMan copy. Did not fly for me.
by far my favorite marvel movie
I thought it WAS kind of dull and boring and too long (and I watched it at home).
Coming from a country with colonization history, I see Namor's motives as truly solid, on par with killmonger's, looking forward to see what's next for Namor and the Talokaniles.
I made it to the college scene. Dumb, and done.
A lot of praise for the hot mess that this movie is. The review does not feel genuine at all. I am sorry.
I finally saw BP:WF on Disney+ (the trailers just didn't get me excited to see it in theaters). And I am so glad I didn't waste my money on tickets. This movie was terrible. I rank it near the bottom of MCU movies (only above Eternals--the absolute worst MCU film). This movie suffered from so many issues:  1. Lack of Black Panther: Granted, they lost Chadwick Boseman, but it shows they made the worst decision to not recast T'Challa or have the mantle taken up by M'Baku. To have Shuri take over as the Panther was a terrible choice. She does not have the presence to lead this franchise. And I didn't buy her abilities when she was Black Panther. They should have just left her in her lab. Heck, I would have taken a CGI T'Challa over Shuri.  2. Editing: I rarely notice editing in a movie. However, it was so bad in this film that I couldn't help but notice how choppy and jarring it was--that's how bad it is. There were fight scenes where the motion of swing would get cut short to switch to another angle which would also get cut short. It completely took away from the energy of the action. And then, during the climax, it would jump back and forth between the two fights in such a jarring way as to completely undercut both fights. And, of course, there is no excuse for a movie like this to have a run time of 2:41:00. It is way too long. I was just so bored. I checked the time a few times, and I couldn't believe how much was still left. We watched it over two days, and it still felt like it dragged on forever.  3. Lighting: It was just too dark. I could hardly see what was going on in the night scenes. And I heard this same complaint from people who saw it in theaters, so I know it wasn't just me watching it at home.  4. Music: The song choices were terrible. And they just did not fit into the scenes they were placed over. It was like they just chose music they liked and plopped it in random scenes. Again, when music pulls you out of the movie, you know you've failed. The score itself was nothing to write home about. Very bland.  5. Acting/Characters: Angela Bassett was fine. Everyone is talking her up for awards, but I don't feel it was at that level. To me, she can just get loud and angry. Letitia Wright went from playing an annoying little sister in the first one to just being uninteresting in this one. Dominique Thorne (Riri) was bland and annoying (her use in this movie was clearly to prop up her character for her upcoming Disney+ series). It only made me not want to watch it completely. But the worst performance, hands down, was Tenoch Huerta as Namor. His delivery was just abysmal. There were times I couldn't even understand him (thankfully, we had subtitles). He has now taken the top rank as the worst MCU villain of all time.  6. CGI/Design: Not great. Some of the composite shots were just embarrassing. And the design of the tech suits was laughable. When your characters mention how bad things look, that doesn't endear the audience--it just points out how bad it really is, and how you felt it was too hard to make it look good, so you just make a joke about it. The MCU has done better.  7. Plot: Totally illogical. This felt like a 1st draft. I know that they had to redo things when Chadwick passed. But this is what they came up with? There are just many problems with the story that it would take too long to list.   I know there are many people who like this movie. Could for them. They talk about how emotional it was. I didn't get choked up once. It was just bland, boring, annoying, empty-calorie tribble. I doubt I will ever watch this movie again. What a disgrace to the memory of Chadwick Boseman. He never got a movie of his own that lived up to his level. If only they could have achieved what the Russo Brothers did for him in Civil War. Oh, how far we have fallen. Just another example of how Phase 4 is the worst MCU phase of all.
in other words it sucked
For me, the runtime really dragged on with this film. Too many scenes where characters were having conversations really dragged out.
"El niño sin amòr" becoming "Namòr" is probably one of the goofiest fucking thing I've ever heard. It's stupid even by this carny franchise's standards.
Your White that's why you don't understand Namor back story. Colonizer
Why is everyone happy about the movie? Its a bad story
Be brave enough to admit this movie is trash. The only thing it has is wokeness. If it didn't have that, no one would hesitate to trash it.
Namor origin story was weak af, should've subtituted the Riri's screen time with Tolukan civilization background.
Boring movie 😂😂😂
Worst Marvel movie 🍿 😂😂😂😂 the down fall marvel world worst actors 😂😂😂 iron heart what a joke
Typical woke movies. I don't like it. Its not worth to spend money on this crap. It bored me to death watching this slow, overstretch movie. Trust me, the third black panter movie will be a flop. Nobody is going to watch skinny women in a costume to be a superhero. Cat women came into mind.
I think we have watched different movies... it was so boring!  edit: I don't even like "punchy stuff". It was just plain boring and depressing with no resolution. I mean there was some good stuff throuout but it never became something whole.
This was a terrible movie.
I think this movie is easily the best of phase 4 marvel
For me...instead of the girls who is has the iron man suit...she is just a normal  scientiest And she died during the CIA raid... So happen all the notes of the vibranium detector is in a hard disk... Her screen time can use on namor
long and booooooooring
It should have been called Deep Sea Mexicans
Snooze fest. Incredibly boring and full of propaganda
White person "I felt nothjng for the mexicans backstory"  Mexicans " I loved it and felt the rawness of his character"
They should've recasted, it was Chadwick's last wish for this movie
I loved the movie myself and loved watching Shuri develop into the Black Panther. You see her struggles and worries throughout the film and the part with Killmonger is really powerful. Not just that, but they gave Shuri a genuine threat and defeating Namor didn't come easily. It took three tries but Marvel finally managed to get a superhero movie starring a woman right.
Boring movie.
What a suckfest of a movie.. incoherrent and badly cut together. And the plot… jesus a 6 year old could have written this mess. Happy I waited till it was on D+.
I hate the movie suppose to be about all blacks not this mermaid shit... boring asf waste of damn time... whole movie was about a darn rescue ugh.. tired ..after the king died ..rip the movie is trash now! I won't watch wankada stuff no more.. big disappointment
Wasn’t a fan of the movie, you know you didn’t like it when the movie feels so long. Movies that long are great when time flies by, this movie definitely didn’t fly by
So, when Sirie escaped, Namor used that as an excuse, saying it's an unacceptable offense to their country. It's as though they never suffered any setbacks at all. Did they somehow mysticaly get avoided by the Snap/Blip? He also called Seri the Strongest? Does he not know about literally averyone else?
I still think the first movie was better, but considering the massive change they had to do to their story considering Chadwick’s death I think they did it perfectly, as well as setting up the beginning for the next movie.
One person died in the entire film
I like how he completely ignored riri Williams and i can't blame him either 😐
BLM,WOK,LGBT propaganda!Where are you Stan Lee?Marvel is kaputt!Shame!
No disrespect to Chadwick but I hate it when movie companies capitalized on the death of the main actor. Just like how they overstrectched the Fast and the Furious franchise. Never watch a single movie in that franchise after that. It just destroys it
Wakanda forever was trash
I hated this movie so much, it's so dumb, i think I'm ready to let go the MCU, phase 4 is a big pass for me. The CGI was so, so bad, i could not get over it. And the story makes no sense, iron heart looked like a PS3 cutscene.
Just watched the movie and I must say that I am very upset with how the story unfolded and ended. This story makes no sense at all🤷‍♀️.
I liked it but it didn't really solve the Marvel villain problem. Namor was a stupid villain with a terrible motive. Ironheart was shoehorned in as well.
I think this is the first marvel movie that made me and my older brother (who is a harsh critic than me) agree together that we didn't like this movie. We both hated the ending and the ending after the credits. The first half of the movie was good and the second half was just fine and than garbage towards the end. Now my personal problem that only I had is the Namor's actor. I don't like him and I think Luke Evans would have been way better choice. I did enjoy how powerful he looked in a movie through actions scenes and his personality and origin story, but I didn't like the actor choice at all and he is my favorite anti-hero. New costume designs were cool but at the same time I didn't like it. Mostly about Okoye because she was my only favorite Wakandian hero besides original Black Panther. She looks more badass in her orange suit. I wish this movie ended it all, but they are making the third movie in which I think they are going to make it worse. Sorry and not sorry for my rant.
Meh! It's mids. There's a lot I like, and a lot that suuuuuucks. Didn't like the music, didn't like how they handled bps death (he got his powers back. Shouldn't have been able to die of decease. They needed to explain it better and not attach a real world tragedy to the story. It didn't make sense), didn't like all the changes to namor(they do it to avoid paying royalties btw. It's not noble in any way), and I didn't like that it ended a phase with barely any connection or furthering of the story as a whole. This was a perfect opportunity to introduce Dr doom. In the comics Doom causes the war between these two nations. He should have been in a post credit scene. Apparently he was? And they fucking removed it! I still like it. Wasn't a dumpster fire like love and thunder or she hulk. Actually it's one of the best phase 4 projects imo. But that's not great still. I'm an MCU fanboy. Love it! Same with comics in general. But I'm beginning to get irritated at the MCU slow rolling fans. It's like 1 character intro a project. This easily could have laid strands for the future. Dooms intro would have been perfect in this. They give us as little as possible, almost always. There's all these interesting "leak" vids. And the MCU always waaaaaaay under delivers compared to whats in the leaks. I guess I should just stop watching that shit. Just Disappoints me lol they really do seem to be trying to milk the MCU for all it's worth. That's probably why they are slow rolling us
Dumb movie, may I offer you an egg in these trying times
Found it a bit...meh. Been looking forward to seeing this for a while...and it was a bit of a let down to be honest.  - Straight out of the bat when they lifted the coffin you could tell it was empty and light. I mean really...how hard is it to make it seem real...or fill it up so they actually have to strain a bit if they can't act. Tractor beams? Hand technique when putting it down too. Just OMG. Act!!! It's a coffin...with a person in it. it's heavy for crying out loud. - We are now doing tractor beams? - Mary Sues everywhere. Princess whatsherface and the 19yo superwiz can suddenly fight better than the seasoned warriors? Seriously? You can't be good at everything. If you are a warrior you aren't good at academic stuff...and vice versa. - We are now copying Ironman. Ok. Sure. Why not at this point. - We are now copying Aquaman....ok....sure...I mean...heck....why get creative. Another hidden civilization in the waters of earth ffs lol. Seriously?  - The story is jumpy and sluggish all at once.  - The strongest most tech advantage nation in the world are easily invaded and beaten by a handful of mysterious water people. Really? And no reason to how they got in...they just got in. Twice. The same way. Coz they couldn't work out how the first time and fix it? - Goes out of its way to be a sister movie. I'm all for female power...but apparently everyone needs to be a women cept for the villain and a few bits from the big Wakanda guy. - Princess can ride motorbikes better than anyone...just coz. - It's messy. And not really as deep and powerful emotionally as everyone is saying. Maybe I wasn't in the right frame of mind? Or maybe it just wasn't. - Princess yelling out 'Wakanda Forever' after feather feet says something seems a bit arrogant and ill used. No words of solidarity or peace...just...Wakanda Forever. Again....ok. - So much more. I'm not watching it again just to pick out all the stuff.
Without Chideock no movie he was the perfect role why have they gave a female his role wtf
of course a white person does not understand what Namor stood for. ironic
Why couldn’t they just commit to a anti-hero route? She’s angry, the world killed her entire family. Let her fuck some shit up and killed some bluey
Then who is aquraman?
I thought namor character was bad ass
I think the movie is boring. And the character who played Iron Heart was not introduced well. In fact, the kid from Iron Man 3 should have been playing Iron Heart as there is a continuation. Additionally, they over played their characters which made the movie exhausting and dry.
Smallpox had me in anger. 😔 so much pain in the world. Past, present, future. Everywhere is pain.
I think the reviews on this film are way too kind. Not a good movie at all , had to hold my nose just to make it to the end👎 And as powerful as the Sub-Mariner is supposed to be this is ridiculous he used to fight with the Hulk. What a joke 🍭😂🤣🥶
Just watched this movie. One of the worst films I've ever seen hands down. Over acting, under acting, stupid scenes, hard to believe this movie is so bad when the first one was so good
This movie is like going to a funeral.
Trash movie and trash review
It is extremely sad but not surprising how positive comments excited about Latin/Mesoamerican/Indigenous etc representation are immediately bombarded w/criticism. If POC happy about seeing themselves on film makes you angry and vitriolic, you really need help. Y’all are the default, overrepresented in everything and still mad that POC have this ONE movie of thousands that y’all have. Sit down.
It has come to a point where I have to watch a review for a Marvel to see if it's worth watching and that's saying something
The movie was trash
The waffle house has found its new host..
Actually the throne sequence is practical
This movie didn't have that spark that the 1st has, It's utterly boring... I didn't enjoy it at all..
Why is Wakanda praised for keeping hold of tech that could help the world? Doesn't that make them selfish?
Black panther two was very disappointing for me as a young black man there’s very little representation for a battery on a beach day level and if you pay attention to black panther all of the strong male black characters are being removed honestly I would never take my son  to see that at this point I really feel like people guys don’t truly care about the struggle the black man going through you can see it in the media in and everything but when I eat on something like this I will be needing to get angry black but this movie was very Disappointment
Great review… but off topic. I’m a screen printer and as much as I love that Metroid tee, but I’m so distracted by how uneven that design is on that shirt…
This movie feels like a lot was left on the cutting floor, it seems to be the case of pretty much all of the marvel films this time.
Boring... Plot start great then just collapsed..... I think your review was very subjective, you usually criticise everything, CGI... Technicalities... Speaking in water... Etc. This is a movie not a documentary, the plot is supposed to send a message or solve something.... The technology used by Toklan make no sense...in fact this is worse than the aquaman plot, I think the story was rushed and I'll give it a 1 star
There aren't enough diversity in this movie, and not all the boxes are checked,  lol
Just because I miss Chadwick Boseman doesn't mean I am going to pretend this movie was good
This guy is trying really hard to avoid saying that this movie is terrible! He has 2 disadvantages with today's woke society: he's a male and he's white! Say it like it is! It sucked ass!
I loved Shuri’s character in this movie. The scenes in the beginning and the end broke my heart and made me weep, especially as someone who has also dealt with tragic loss in their lifetime. While I do agree with you that it wasn’t as good as the first one, I still think it was a solid sequel. I just love the world building of Wakanda. I did miss that from the first movie but the underwater stuff was cool too
Namor was the best character. The Q becomes 007 thing wasn't necessary
I wish superhero movies would try to follow in this movies footsteps and actually try to be more than just superhero movies
I think Kill monger’s character struggle is more timeless as we all understand family politics and social economics struggles. Namor’s pain came from colonialism which happened hundreds of years ago. Many colonized countries has already back to independence…or otherwise accepted and live harmoniously with the colonization…so it’s harder for people to relate…
There were many points in movie I thought you could solve this with words, why are you fighting? Nemor tried to reach out twice and both times wakanda did not reach back! As Nemor said they are gonna regret it soon and ask for help
One of the characters looked very Metroid just like the top you picked to wear for the video
[Spoilers]      One of my nitpicks is Shuri saying she wanted the world to burn because.. T'Challa died?? I don't understand why she would feel that way. He died from a terrible disease, not killed by someone.  It annoyed me that she just dismissed what her mom would feel when she would sit by the fire and feel T'Challa with her. She just told her mom that she's just seeing & feeling things because her brain wants a way to cope with the loss. That was pretty mean. I get that Shuri's grieving and she doesn't like following tradition, but I didn't like hearing her saying that. It makes sense though so, I'm ok with it.
The movie was horrible
I actually liked it better than the first.
I think Namor's portrayal was pretty accurate to the comics. Everytime you see him, you're never sure what kind of shenanigans he'll get into because you know he's only loyal to himself. A wild card.
We can hear it in your voice you dont really believe what you are saying lol 🤣🤣😂😁😀😋
The movie was great. We lost a frat brother who was part of the makeup crew. May he rest in heaven. Namor Attuma Okoye and Shurri were excellent. Angela Bassett was Phenomenal.
disliked.  No me gusta. meehh
As a Latino this movie made me cringe
U mean to tell me Namor can summon water?!? Srsly?!?
I just remember wanting the movie to end it felt way to long.
BLM!!!!
As a Mexican I do understand his backstory . I loved the movie and I’m not into this movies
Just saw it today. Very happy. Beautifully done
Superhero movies are aimed towards the lowest common denominator.
I thought the movie was good the first one was better tho
Wow; this is the first time I've ever known Chris to give me nothing but "word salad" on a movie. When trying to say something "good" becomes telling. 🤔
a truly dreadful film. one more for the woke pantheon.
Let's not pretend that we were all not oogling at Angela Bassett's assets. :)
As a Black Panther Fan 1st was a 8 out 10 BUT the second barely gets a passing grade 5 or 6 .Very weak movie Hope 3rd can be way better.
I was not sure at the beginning of the film who was going to be Wakanda's enemy, so it was a surprise to see a story dealing with another culture that had been subjugated and enslaved by Europeans. Though the Mayans were long gone before the Spaniards got there. I liked Namor as a antagonist. I liked the portrayal of his civilization and his desire to kill for his people. I do not think the film was intended to display the Mayans. I would love to get a movie about him as an American of Latino descent and have Alfonso Cuaron, Guillermo del Toro or Alejandro Inarritu Gonzalez write and direct it.
"The things that namor went through didn't feel as real and painful".... Yeah I guess slavery and genocide of the indigenous Aztec , Incas , Mayans at the hands of Europeans don't mean much to Americans because only the African slave trade matters right ???🤦
The final act is weak a.f as per all marvel movies. Idk how shuri was able to beat namor. He's literally hundreds of years older and was naturally born with the powers of that vibranium plant thing where shuri ingested it in 1 hour and suddenly has all these martial skills especially in hand to hand combat
I GUESS I GOT WHAT I DESERVED
Saw this movie today in IMAX now is a laser not  projector! This movie was kick a**. Where were you? This movie was awesome.
I thought it was amazing. Perfect amount of humor thread throughout. It captured how black ppl can draw from laughter even in our dark moments. Leticia was incredible. Oscar nom for sure.  My only critique was that weird opening graphic transition that paid homage to Chadwick. It looked unfinished and amateur.
This pile of shit is so bad that when my man Chadwick Boseman read the script he chose to get cancer and die than be part of any of it…
Will not recomend this movie. Did not like the movie at all.
This is why I love you! You were so honest! I just wish they could've focused LESS on iron heart and more on building Namor. Nothing annoyed me the most than when the Queen died too! There was so much fucking loss, did she really have to die too!? She couldn't go to a near-death coma!? 😒
Just gives me that women when in power can't make rational or smart decisions because thier emotions will cloud thier judgement and they should listen to the men in thier lives who are trying to gently guide them
I’m sorry, but this movie was pure ass. You mean to tell me that whole war was caused by NOT WANTING to kill the scientist? Also, why even send her back to Chicago because regardless of anything you say to the CIA.. of course they are gonna question her! Then that must means Wakanda is at risk again. Just a major plot hole that I couldn’t ignore.
The amazing Wakanda people lost a hero & immediately saw new heroes pop up like She-Hulk & cried twice
I Did Not Know Attuma Was In Black Panther Wakanda Forever
Black panther 2 was so bad they should’ve just called it Black Panocha 🤣
I have a lot of issues with the movie, the main one being that the more I think about it the less I like it  it sits in a weird place where I can't enjoy it mindlessly as pure fun because it wants to introduce social justice themes and real world problems and the plot is not absent of complexity. at the same time I can't enjoy it while thinking about what is happening because the plot isn't great and is predictable and has tangents that don't matter
Movie was not that great and it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to know why it’s made so much money….
Oscar? 😂you are delusional
Another bending knee for minorities... Chris became promoter for Hollywood narrative. Movie industry is dead at this point
This film was kinda racist tho
I liked it but its predecessor is definitely the better movie.  Phase 4 had a bunch of ups and downs.  I'll still argue No Way Home was the best movie from that phase.  Hopefully Phase 5 is a return to form for the MCU.
White dude giving review on WF fk that I ain’t havin it stay in ya lane lame
I watched this on accident, it was absolutely horrible. I mean you could not get this worse.
If they can portray the X-Men as well as Namor they we are in for a goated XMen movie
I love Marvel but this movie was not good 4/10
The Sequel didn't surpass the prequel. The movie is just average.
This movie was bullshit they fuxked it up
You are kind, the movie sucked
Powerful and brave
Great movie
You’re so wrong, Namor’s story is way better, more fleshed and a better villain. Black Panther has the best villains because of Coogler’s writing that makes the villains right!
I just saw the movie and honestly didn't go in with any expectations. I didn't really connect with the first one but my gf wanted to watch the new one. I cam honestly say it blew away I enjoyed the movie alot. Probably my favorite marvel film.
I haven't watched you for a long time and now I see why. There's nothing about this that doesn't work if you even have a basic notion of what Marvel comics and the subsequent cinematic universe means or represents.
The emotional ride of Shuri was great, but the story made no sense.    Namor clearly destroyed the CIA expedition that was trying to find the vibranium and could do it again and again.  It would have made more sense if it was the CIA asking Wakanda for help to find who is attacking them and that is how we get a Wakanda vs Namor confrontation.  But instead we get Namor revealing his presence to Wakanda to demand that they find and kill a 20 year old scientist so that the CIA stops looking for Vibranium around his kingdom or he would attack Wakanda and the world.  That would have made the entire world know about him and get a lot of his people killed, especially if the avengers get involved.    Eventually he captures the scientists but does not kill her nor does he accept the offer to keep the girl in Wakanda away from the CIA.  Then he somehow invades Wakanda and kick their butts but retrieves without getting the scientist back.    Then Wakanda has the bright idea of attacking him in the middle of the ocean, on his own turf.  His people kick the butts of Wakanda again but eventually say never mind, shake hands and war is over.   All that nonsense to trigger the emotional ride of Shuri.
I’d rather have acid diarrhea then to watch wakanda forever trash
Why are there Mexicans swimming underwater? This is so stupid.
I liked Namor and wanted him to win, that sums up the movie, terrible on all fronts. On par with the Thor film as worst of 2022.
I appreciated the tribute to Chadwick. My only disappoint was it felt like this was more of a Shuri story than a ‘Black Panther’ story. I just wish there was more of Shuri becoming black panther and overcoming her grief, instead of being saved by a vision.
Namor's backstory is Latin America's backstory. The pain is in the history pages of continued colonization, blood, shame and violence of a lot of countries that are still being enslaved by empires. Loved the Mayan adaptation of water and tech. The mayans were wiped away by colonizers, raped, enslaved and killed until they dissapeared.
I love that T-Shirt of METORID DREAD, Chris! I did a reverse search and found the source. Placing an order soon. YES!
As a Mexican American who's taken many Chicano and Ethnic Studies courses on Mexico, I can definitely say that Namor's backstory worked for me, but I can understand why it wouldn't work for everyone.
Speaking from action. There were too many cuts when we shouldn’t seen more long shots of the fight choreo itself or even one shot. For some reason American cinema seems to think shaky cameras and cuts makes a scene more “intense”
The movie is long boring and woke. 3/10 at best.
Maybe it has do with where I am currently but this movie made me fucking cry like 3 times. I NEVER expected an MCU movie to do that. Believe me. This movie or at least that first cinematic experience was special. I'll never forget it.
For me I feel as if Talokan is what Wakanda use to be so protective and secretive. Namor really meant what he said in regards to keeping his people safe I feel as if he’s more an Anti hero than a villain. so in those regards I don’t feel you can relate him to Killmonger entirely.
I think it’s because you’re white no shade. But as a Latina his backstory hit because I related in all sense of what happened to our people with the Spaniard. My favorite part was actually his backstory and how they showed that they were colonized and namor was afraid that it was going to happen again hence why he is so protective of his ppl.
I liked the movie better than doctor strange 2 eternals black widow and Shang Chi. But I enjoyed No Way Home and Love and Thunder better in phase 4, but this movie is my third favorite phase 4 film but it’s not as good as the first one
namor and ramona saved the movie also killmonger cameo was dope
This was an awful movie that does not make any recollection ot connection of the first. The fact you can get so many views without honestly critiquing the film is astonishing
I wish Michael b Jordan had more to the scene
I think with Namor, I don't feel the movie was trying to make us sympathize with him, it was just telling a story. Remember, hes over 500 years old. Hes a god, he just cares about his people. He also HATES humans. And the most beautiful moment of the movie in my opinion is when Shuri visits Talocan. So the movie doesn't necessarily wants us to connect with Namor, more to think about the people, about our abandones roots. The mesoamerican ambience and history surrounding Talocan and Namor is the key to sympathize with Namor. He came from exiled people on a land that later was burned by invadors. I mean...Granted, not everyone is fully aware of the Spanish Conquista to Mesoamerica. But those who are, they can see the struggle, they can relate. Loved the movie.
I have a Quetzalcoatl tattoo (The Aztec version of the Mayan K'uk'ulkan feathered serpent) so I got all kinds of giddy when he was the antagonist of the film. Also I've never given a film a perfect score but this one did it for me. I think the way they handled the film and the homage to Chadwick was done impeccably. I can't wait to see it again and own this one for the collection.
Hands down one of the WORST final battle in MCU behind Thor LAT. Stuckman wants so bad to be noticed as a legit film maker by saying he likes their terrible movies just so they notice him. He used to be the absolute BEST and HONEST movie reviewer, but his ambitions to be a film maker makes him a complete fraud, especially when he came out as "Bi-sexual" 😂😂😂 Thats the biggest BS hollywood trope these days. I am so embarrassed that a dude I thought was so legit ended up being a dude thats like the Kardashians (say absolutely anything and everything because you're desperate to be famous"
Seems like nobody can’t stand up to Disney
I think if you know the history of the treatment of indigenous people by the Spanish those scene hit. I can see how if you don't, they may not be as impactful and require that backstory
I feel this movie is just the first movie, but Killmonger is Aquaman's brother
Honestly these films seem kinda…. Racist?
Making shuri the villain and namor the hero would have been a better twist..🤔
This is basically a superhero movie without it's superhero.  It's a movie full of secondary characters (on the Black Panther side of the story.. I thought Namor was done really well).  I just didn't feel a sense of connection nor was I excited when Shuri became a version of Black panther.  It was like when Captain America handed his shield to Sam and asked him how it felt..and Sam said "like it belongs to someone else".  I didn't buy Shuri becoming black panther, not one bit... it felt as though she was a secondary character that was borrowing the suit. It also felt rushed, when it didn't have to be.. I understand that because Chadwick passed away, they had to figure out a replacement. But I honestly think recasting black panther would have been the better move.  Something Chadwick's own family thought was the best course of action..
This movie ,,,SUCKSSSS !!!
My girl was crying for most of the movie and I was just kind of getting rubbed off the story was good but not really where I wanted
Yeah. This movie is a huge L. Totally all over the place. Too many characters. Not enough focus on shuri. Horrible pacing. Namor is cool. The person who becomes black panther is a terrible choice when you have multiple others who would make more logical choices. Redeeming quality is the costumes. The sombre ending. The more slow 1 on 1 fight near the end without big spectacle and cgi characters. I also thought the acting and a lot of the scenes were over indulgent, and un earned for how "dramatic" the performance was.
I do agree about namors backstory, it was as emotional as killmongers, like if they had the surface world kill his mother and his people with him having to watch. This would have made his hate for the humans more believable as he wanted riri dead but he didn’t exactly have a tragic enough or yesh enough back story for him to want to set war on the surface world, other than that I have no issues with this film other than not being able to see much of talokan as I found the place confusing. Also ironhearts suit is absolutely shit
A movie has never made me genuinely cry as much as this movie did. Even though he wasn’t there Physically, his presence was still there and guiding his sister as tchalla and the audience as himself throughout the whole movie. Rest in Power and Wakanda forever🕊
I don't know about "boring" and "too long", yesterday I watched the film in the theater, and after that I realized I haven't looked at my watch at all, not one single time. Normally the opposite happens to me too oft in the recent time, sometimes I just look at the watch and beg it to run faster 😂
I have to beg the differ I don't think Namor what set up to be the villain but more so an anti-hero! Namor is 100% a hero to his people and their cause  and people currently can identify with that versus the simplicity of  good vs Evil! The Evil In The movie is set up to be the government's of the world!
2 main issues. 1. Too many unnecessary add ons. Ironheart and Ross shouldnt be in the movie. Remove them and nothing change. Ironheart is also very forcefully added so she's underdeveloped and such a bad character right now. General was trying to be funny, but not. Blue owl looking suits were there for no reason. Things like this really ruin the tone of the movie, shift the focus and drag the story. 2. Atlantis is so boring. They only have whales and water bombs. Nemor was great. But his city and the people have nothing interesting beside looking like avatar. They pretty much live in a slum and are blue.
Well said Chris. I think it's a B- as a standalone and an A+ as a sequel with an impossible story to tell. Wherever the BO lands what Coogler has achieved here is extraordinary.
I know movies are made for all people but if your black this movie does something to your soul ...this movie was so amazing  on so many levels... I thought the 1st movie was good but this movie was better on so many levels..my take away . shuri as a lead role was amazing 👏🏽!!! You really felt the emotions for Chadwick boseman
Dude the movie was bad and Chadwick was just a actor not even one that was in a lot of movies or played a beloved characters  so
The movie was better than I expected given that Chadwich had passed away. It was a good pace, I think it felt cohesive and I didn't expect the death of another character when Black Panther had already died. It added to the weight and felt like the stakes were up. There were real consequences but in spite of that I'm not sure how I feel about the queen's death. She was such a powerful character. Other than that I wasn't impressed with the lady iron man thing, it felt like a bad imitation of tony but minus the charisma. But, everything else in it stellar
This guy is bought and paid for
It’s a really bad movie and it is flopping at the box office for a reason.
It was better than the first one
Naa... I had to stop the movie half way through as it got so boring and so full of american politics
I personally didn’t find the movie to be very good. However, I’m glad other people seem to enjoy it.
What is this mysterious metroid movie Chris seams to endorse silently!?
I would have liked to see Ross, a few avengers and Daniel kaluuya's character come back for this one, would have been epic
Hard to put yourself in somebody else’s shoes if your feet are not the same size. As a non-white dude from a country that was cruelly colonized by Europeans, I felt Namor. And the Wakandans.
This is unrelated to this fantastic movie.  Please do a review of Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter.
I thought it sucked
Great review Chris. I also liked the first movie better than this one. The performances were strong once again but I didn't connect much with the story or villain here either.
Isn’t this gender war again ? Make antagonist and female hero !! Why the f the Hollywood is so feminist sexist brainwashing ?
Kinda wild  I really loved it  And as a comic book purist. I actually preferred this origin for Namor'a Atlanteans. Cause frankly in the comics they're just mermaid cavemen with an ego problem.  But to see them actually have character? Man that really worked for me
Movie Is trash
Just watched it, I really enjoyed the movie and the main plot point but I kinda feel it’s a bit too long and I was waining around the 1 hour part until the capital city attack scene.  I enjoyed the protagonist and Shuri’s difference in dealing with grief and how it shaped their character. Plus the tribute to Chadwick was remarkable and with the decision not to recast was a great move as it payed respect to the character that made black panther black panther.
NOT a good movie :(
Just watched it, it's better than the 1st. Better cinematography, story line and villain.
the movie was incredibly good when i watched it.👍
Bro this movie was shit… black people tell the truth that this movie is garbage
I thought this movie was really poorly done, the dialogue was poor, the jokes sucked, the side character iron man lite was annoying, the editing was so god awful, when they slow mo Basset getting blown by a water bomb I laughed. I genuinely believe the somber tributes to Boseman were the best parts of the movie. When the silent marvel logo tribute came on I really thought I was going to be in for a ride, but unfortunately a let down.
Bp2 was phenomenal
It kinda felt like a black panther movie without black panther... they din't have to kill him off just because Chadwick died.
WELL BLACK PEOPLE SAY IT SUCKS .IM LISTENING TOO THEM OK .
You probably didn’t feel Namors pain because you would never understand the pain of your land being invaded and your people enslaved.
I watched most of it yesterday and unfortunately you can feel the runtime. It was super long. Still a good movie just a tad too long  The reason I didn’t watch the entire movie was because my 5 year old didn’t want to stay for the rest of the film so make sure you leave your young kids at home for this one
Woke woke woke.  It’s just getting too much with these narratives on every walk of life.  Boorish and predicable. Women are stronger and smarter than men. Weird that they would make men look incapable in a black society
shuri did very good for black panther but she’ll keep continuing and one day the prince becomes next black panther black panther isnt about tchalla its about legacy
How is calling someone a colonizers mother a racial slur. Its a negative term to describe the white men settlers.. but because its in line with woke liberals its ok?  Its a racial slur that movies and shows like wakanda forever is making it seem ok to say...if I called a black person a spear thrower I would get attacked for making a racial comment . Even tho spear thrower is just a description...but saying colonizer in a negative way is ok .....way to go. Going backwards creating more divide between race..its ok as long as its a "minority" creating the divide such bullsh!t
This movie sucks. Sorry guys.
I disagree. I liked the movie more then the first. Only a few things I didn't like about the film. I thought the college student was kinda useless. Allot of scenes, especially in the beginning in the dark. And every movie like this will suffer from "well why didn't you just call the Avengers" Overall I thought the movie was better then the first. And I enjoyed myself.
Great review, Chris. I seem to agree with a great many of your collective opinions on films, and this is no exception. My wife and I just watched it tonight, and it was indeed a very good movie. Not as good as the first, but yes, given what they had to deal with and mourn over, it was exceptional and touching in all the right ways. Wakanda forever!
I cried in the first minutes and at the end too. I loved Wakanda Forever. And Namor is cool, I liked him, I don't consider him a villain.
Black panther 2 sucks black panther not in the movie marvel should have recast Black panther namor not Mexican Aztec submariner is atlantean the whole movie is a disappointment
A woke mess.  A racist movie against whites.
The movie sounds borings as hell. And it seems it have some racism.
When
The next sequel, Black Panther:  BLM edition.
Thank you for this review, I believe you absolutely hit the nail on the head. 🙂 I too thought that the acting in this movie was great and that given the hand they were dealt with, they truly did a tremendous job. They treated the passing of Chadwick in such a respectful way and they deserve a lot of credit for that. The script felt a little all over the place or at least not focused enough. It felt very draggy for me and didn't seem to lead anywhere, at least not in a focused enough way. While I'm happy we didn't have a blue sky beam at the end of the movie, some of the action pieces felt underwhelming, especially when comparing them to the excellent action pieces in the first movie. There was simply no scene that compared to the car chase in Seoul (?) in the first movie and that was something that happened rather early in the first movie... Overall, the movie was fine, but it didn't make me feel like the MCU is on an upswing. It's certainly better than Dr. Strange in the Multiverse of Madness or the awful Thor: Love and Thunder; at least it had a consistent tone that was also fitting for the movie, but at the end of the day, this entire phase is so far extremely underwhelming and probably the worst in the history of the MCU. 😞
Just watched it, and thought it was not only easily the best of Phase 4, but one of the best in the entire MCU, better even than the original Black Panther. It felt mature, dealt with some great themes, and delivered one of the best villains we’ve seen in series. Absolutely loved it.
I'm always skeptic when Chris reviews Disney productions. His wife loves Beauty and The Beast among other things and Stuckman values his wife's opinion above making an honest unbiased review. His wife is adorable & for the record THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH PRIORITIZING YOUR WIFE...but I get a little nervous. That is all. God bless.
Angela Bassett is brilliant as always, but can we stop pretending this movie is some masterpiece because of the diversity? It’s a fitting end to the MCU disastrous phase 4. There’s a reason No Way Home did so well.  Also I’m supposed to believe Wakandans are good people when they literally don’t give a shit about the rest of the continents starving people and human rights violations.
And... There's go the Magic
Movie was boring. Didn’t care for “Na-mor”.  No respect for the source material. BP should have been recasted.
Straight garbage and hard to "Believe".
Wokanda Forever! It is the Woman King on steroids.
This movie is max 2 out of 10...Sorry the best thing was Kukulkan's water tribe
Awful move but it's not just this movie it's most movies. Hollywood has a huge talent problem not actors but writers and directors just suck.
Angela Bassett has the single best acting scene of any marvel movie. You all know the scene.  The movie was a bit long. My favorite bit of Namor was when he says his trademark phrase. In a sense I thought this was a better “movie” than the first one.
Definitely don't agree with some of the things said. First imo killing off T'challa was a BIG mistake. Kill the whole vibe of the movie. T'Challa/Black Panther is a fictional character created long before Chadwick (R.I.P) or any of us were born. Imagine back then when Health Ledger played Joker. Health Ledger unfortunately died, then you killed off Joker character for good. MADNESS! Just recast T'Challa/Black Panther with another black actor. Allow the audience to fall in love with him just like they did with Chadwick.
That girl in the "Iron man suit" together with including the CIA guy and all that stuff was grossly unnecessary. But I guess Hollywood must always Hollywood? It was so unconnected to the rest of the  story. Like why was she there?
Going in without a bias, the movie fails in many places including not enough character development, forced scenes and characters, and stale ending   Part 1 def better
lool an MCU actor will never receive an oscar nomination for an MCU role. The only Oscar the MCU has a sliver of a chance in winning is for visual effects
Mate the movies wank just like the 1st one
Chris became a shill... big time.
It is extremely racist the way the colleges and opening weekend are promoting segregation and hate. So sad I will not bother with this movie that has encouraged so much division
Of course you won't feel the Namor character You're white 😂 😂
... Sorry the story is bad... Really bad. And the all movies struggles with inconsistencies and weak acting
I agree with you 100%, the acting performances carried this film. This film was good not great. Losing Chadwick was a huge loss. I do believe they did the best they could given the circumstances. RIP Chadwick
This wasn’t a good movie. The first was.
So no one's going to bring up the fact that they disrespected Aztec culture along with Mexicans they basically just said that Mexicans are wet facts portraying they came out of water this is a racist assassin and where all the men at not going to talk about that when you go from White critics to the black critics the different movie
They will get rid of a black man no matter what?
Its in my bottom 3 marvel fims 😅
That your cuck ass would give this POS overrated movie a glowing review.......color me surprised.
My only gripe is the role of Ironheart in the story. It felt shallow. Namor even said that "she doesn't matter anymore" during the buildup in the final confrontation. She could have been integrated better.
Do people really liked this movie? It's even worse than the first one, and that one was pretty generic...
This movie make black men look weak the film sucks
Can't relate to a monkey relating movie that pays retarded omige  to a crap face... and changing the comic book style.
As many had already said, Namor’s story works best if you’re familiar with the historical context of Mexico, how people were displaced and the Spanish crown brought death and disease... really strong stuff, it connected to me immediately
The james Cameron bit was super funny to me because the avatar trailer played before the movie 😭
I saw it last night and loved it💖💖💖💖
I loved the whole movie I cried I cheered I laughed it got more emotion out of then any of the big marvel movies in my opinion it’s my favorite movie of the year followed with Nope and Top Gun
I couldn’t disagree more with the Killmonger Namor comparison. I actively disliked Killmonger, for the most part. His takeover happens too quickly and the fact that Wakanda goes through a CIVIL WAR is brushed over too easily.  Namor was a perfect “villain” for this movie imo. He loves his people wants to keep them safe, Killmonger was mad at the world for keeping down black people and wanted to rule them all? Weird motive
no one is gonna be honest because its in memory of chadwick. this woke movie was ass
Villains made right. I loved this one
Terrible movie..
Well Chris first off I'm disappointed I thought as a former JW you'd at least tell the truth, then I started reading the comments and noticed your audience is mostly made up of the "message" people and you don't want to loss your 2million viewers, this movie stunk (kinda like the first one which was average at best)  it was too long (I feel asleep at one point) having no Black Panther in a Black Panther movie (they should have recast) and I'm sick and tired of giving Disney my money just to be told as a man I useless and unimportant by men that look just like me, the list goes on and on, Disney is going to lose a ton of money on a very forgettable movie which is all they can seem to make lately, Disney I'm out if I'm not important see how you do without our money
It would be really hard to say that Killmonger wasn't a more compelling character than Namor. But, there were some things I liked much more in this film than the first. One thing that stands out is that it has an overall more serious tone than a lot of Marvel movies, and well it should, but I definitely think that serves as a serious breath of fresh air considering some recent Marvel content. Also Wakanda Forever imo has a much more original story than the first (see Hamlet). That is not to say this one is without its problems..... looking at you whoever designed the dorae milaje "iron man" suits
Same old woke shit….this reviewer is not technically knowledgeable to do a proper review.  He tells you what you want to hear and that’s all.
Hi, I have already watched this movie and I liked this movie !!!
Definitely my favorite phase 4 movie. Powerful performances across the board. Kudos to the director, cast, and everyone involved in making this movie!
I personally enjoyed this one a bit more than the first. I really liked the serious tone. Although that very well may be just because of the contrast to the other awful phase 4 entries. Also, it wasn’t overhyped like the 1st one, which probably helped.
The fight in spider man 3 looked better than black panther, you shill
Of course you like it. You're scared to dislike major cultural films because if you do, the support for your movie will dwindle. You have sold out.
i thought it was good but nothing special. i liked it more than the first.
Thought it was better than the first , Michael B Jordan ruined the first one for me his acting as that character just didn’t do it for me
I really value your opinions
I loved it
Its crazy how u become a sell out for movies stuckman…..  And i get it you wanna make your movies so u have to suck up……  Kind of sad though  At least now we know u cant be trusted
I was right, movie suuucked. 👎👎
I'll never understand this obsession people have with seeing themselves on screen, I'm Mexican and i would've rather seen a comic accurate Namor over this bastardized Aztec/Mayan character that was NOT Namor 🤦
Just stop you fake ass coward. The movie was a complete flop. You’re just pandering to black community.
Just stop it. It was a garbage film stained with WOKE-ISM nonsense.
I just came out of seeing it tonight. I thought it was brilliant. The opening attack from the " villains" had some almost horror vibes to it. They felt threatening. They dealt with chadwicks death with respect and dignity.  They didn't over use jokes like they often do in marvel films. The sound track was bad ass. The appearance of certain characters was fantastic. It really dealt with grief and responsibility in clever way. I loved that it was slower paced and left more time to think about things. Shuris character development was brilliant. The ending specifically ( no spoilers ) really had me and most the cinema in tears. A solid 8.5 for me. Deffo in my top 5 marvel movies.
WACKanda....This Willie Lynch movie sucked....always making black men look weak and having black women being romantic in some way with other races...smh
this is a stupid movie
Man this movie was so good, better than the first overall.
Choosing your word VERY carefully 💀 the movie sucked
It sucked
Couldn't disagree more. You don't kill your heroes. You recast them. If Tom Holland suddenly died tragically, are you going to kill Spiderman in the next movie? No! And I'm sick and tired of the white man bad colonizer trope. This movie was a hard pass for me.
Man this film was amazing.... Its not your regular action/adventure marvel film. At times it was a thriller, drama, horror, & comedy. Yet stayed comic book accurate while giving an amazing tribute to the Late Great Chadwick Boseman 10/10
garbage...
I wish you would have gave us an opinion about ironheart
The Semi-Antagonist Namor was more likable and stole the show for me in Wakanda Forever. Audience were able to connect and feel the emotions of Namor than the Karen Ranting of Shuri. The Actor playing the role of Namor did a perfect job, he bough life to the character and acted as if he was living the role of Namor.  Shuri is not for Serious type roles, it didn't suit her at all and felt forced and fake, her acting felt like acting and not more than that.  The Gorilla General M'Baku was the best wingman comic relief character in the movie, the movie would've been super boring if not for our Gorilla General of Wakanda and Namor.
as an African American, I’ve realized other people of color relate to the trauma in this movie, yet many Caucasian people feel nothing…
Love the film but too long  for me.
Just like the last Fast and Furious this one too will pass me by.  Fot the Swarm!
I’m Mexican and I thought this movie absolutely sucked and I’m so tired of this woke shit.
I agree
The Black Panther films are neoliberal revisionist propaganda aimed at the legacy of, among others, the great Patrice Lumumba. Probably assassinated by the CIA (by proxy, of course), which makes Freeman's Agent Ross - one of the "good ones" - a legit slap in the face to African anti-colonial, leftist struggles of the 20thC.  In the first film, the meeting between Claw and Ross would have been more believable if they both drooled over vibranium (cobolt mining, anyone?) together while proclaiming in unison:   "Precioussssss...."
Great review. I feel the same. My son was falling asleep during the film and he found it boring.
Why ?? A female black panther? Goddd
Interesting, this movie was miles better than the first one
they shoudl have gone with the og script and recast another Black Panther The movie sucked, i walked out half way through.
Why would you feel Namor's past pain I doubt your ancestors experienced that...
I think he saw a completely different movie...the movie I`ve seen is much worse.
Surprised. I thought the story was great and Namur had very good motivations
Just because you miss Chadwick don’t let it distract you from how terrible this movie is.
So we have a super power that has a forcefield around their land to keep the unwanted out, but the LATINX bad guys invade this barrier by crossing through a river to breach the "Greatest nation in the world"?   And the way to defeat these LATINX bad guys is to dry them out because they are wet... and to defeat the leader LATINX bad guy, they hurt him by drying off his back? So his back is wet? And he's from where? So... his... back...is...wet?
your reviews are excellent bro overall the first film was better
Awful review lol
What a shitty review 😂
I honestly thought it was mid ngl..but thts just my opinion
Shuri is just so itty bitty it's hard to imagine her beating anyone in a fight lol
First black panther is better but still a good made movie
Yes, the movie was more serious than other marvel productions but it was also a boring movie with a script that didn't make any sense. The number of nonsensical decisions and plotholes are just mindboggling. One of the worst Marvel movies I've seen.
This was not a superhero movie
I'm waiting to see if there's a backlash because of a racial slur that's played out in the movie. Something about drying Namors back.
Movie was terrible and this guy can't be honest about it.
are you doing Andor?
Thanks for being truthful
For me, it was a very "meh" movie... Didn't feel like a Marvel movie... The rithm too slow and over contemplating, for what I expected... The first BP was a nice movie, but this WF just didn't excited me... Not once I gasped in aw... I wanted to, tho... Maybe next time will enjoy more... But not enticed for a 2nd view, honestly.
Shuri’s acting is meh 😢
Love lupita’s performance in the movie so much❤really really love her. Yet I don’t appreciate the run time tho.
Too many unnecessary characters and an ending so lame to the point I was rolling my eyes and laughing. With that being said, Angela basset was a shining light in an otherwise poorly scripted movie.
They should’ve recasted T’Challa.
Let me guess, yt dude talking about BP2, he's gonna say it's an awesome movie , he loves all the movies made about blk people by the movie director and he's a great ally. Watched the first 30s and oh boy was I right .
How can you look seriously at MCU movie? They are just fun popcorn flick. Mindless fun. Is just like to watch porn for the plot.
It wasn’t that good K
I agree that many narrative points didn't connect but i know many Latinos can connect with the namor storyline since it's about him losing everything, remember we didn't lose land, we lost riches, famine was brought to the land, etc. And his fear of being robbed of his vibranium is justified.
Still no rings or power review Chris? Amazon paid you to keep silent?
no way B Jordan played it better than the guy who played Namor, a much better villain.
This was a bad movie that craps on the previous phases for example in the eternals a giant being came out of the ocean yet no namor there to complain about it and they also forget a white man ironman saved the black panther from the thanos snap and also if shiri really wanted to save her brother with the cure she made she could have gotten the time travel watches that still existed according to the Hawkeye show and she would have if she was that determined like she acted and it was just a crap on men movie especially white men
Wokenda Forever??
This movie is complete garbage. Everything woke turns to 💩.
Out of all of the reviews I've watched for WF I think yours is the one I agree with the most. Well done.
I didn't like the film, it was way to slow pace and was not as good as the first! But the acting was first class.
I have give upp on MCU....
The music is the best part....♡
If Chris didn't understand or felt empathy for Namor backstory, it has a lot to do with how you feel about culture. Namor's story is real, not even a fiction. Chris is the conqueror and Namor is the conquered. That's the way many of us Mexicans feel about the Conquista and the subsequent struggle in the world. The fact that we finally have a latino presence that is not a comedy relief or the underdog really impacted our community. Of course, as Chris says, because Latinos have never been represented as such, he doesn't immediately connect with his story or his character but I can tell you right now he was actually the best part of the film because he was a genuine character, not a token. If you can't understand his struggle, it really tells how white culture downplays Latinos and indigenous cultures.
Sometimes the struggles with political plot points are, who you're attempting to reach with the portrayal... this film is one of those opportunities to showcase ethnicity and culture on a mainstream platform...definitely hit the mark...maybe even surpassed it...to be honest, it didn't even feel like a "Black Panther" movie, more or less it was liken to a Namor origins story
And i expected a real review. Ahh well. Everyone is scared to be honest these days.
I wish we could at least get ONE movie with a character that somewhat resembles the comic book. Then after that, have fun with them. Looking at you namor. Panther could have been recasted like we’ve done so many times with other characters , so what the difference here? If Chris reeves would have died earlier, you do t think they would have casted supermanagain ?  They could of had a tribute to Bozeman still at the beginning and end to respect the man but all this did was kill black panther in the universe now. Black panther is dead. Everyone happy now? This movie Turning a separate character into the black panther only proves that that’s what marvel wanted to do all along whether Boseman died or not. I’m sorry but I’m not being disrespectful
Lol 🤣 funny what today's culture done to the movie here,this movie really let me down
You used to be a good critic bro, WTH happened to you? Go watch critical drinker's critique. 😂
Rest in Peace .. Chadwick They gave him a honor to this movie.. But i dont like is they killed t'challa in this movie.. It supposed to be t'challa is black Panther.. They choose another actor..just to play t'challa Not to killed it the character..i hate it.. Marvels Sucks now
I loved the first movie and I miss Chadwick terribly, so I went into this movie with some skepticism when I saw it last night, but it did a great job of sitting with grief of losing Chadwick/T'Challa. I totally felt Namor's story, the parallels between Wakanda and Talokan and Namor and Kilmonger, and the nod to Lupita Nyong'o being born in Mexico. The costume design was again fabulous and brings out the beauty of black and brown peoples. Dare I say that I actually think I liked it better than the first one. Maybe I do.
I went to see this movie alone because I wanted to enjoy it with no distractions. Earliest view time in a small town so it wasn't even halfway full. Black panther gets me emotional multiple times and Ryan Coogler had to deal with alot. Having said that this movie felt incomplete. Immediately after it was over I said "that's it?" I almost was confused as to why they fought in the first place if they were gonna end it like that. It was definitely different than the first movie but it felt incomplete. I'll get the digital version to watch it in my home and get more clarification.
Well you failed  You didn't mention the Mexican wetback  But Jehovah still loves you.
I'm waiting for you to say movie of the year
Your shilling so far
As a Latino we ain't all Mexicans!!! Mayans are Guatemala, Mexico,  el Salvador,  Honduras and NICARAGUA 💯 Just letting Mexican people know they ain't the only ones 🙄 🤣🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Thankfully Chris is being really balanced with his review. Black Panther really hits hard now, and though I kind of like this movie more than the last one,  Chris didn't resort to bashing this movie as other online reviewers are resorting to.
Chris. It was shite. WTF.
I want that shirt you have on.
I think the parallelism between this and the first Black Panther movie was the most impressive part of the whole narrative. In the first one, we have two ritual combat scenes that drive or flip character motivations. In this, we have two funerals that do the same thing. Namor mirrors Killmonger's vision, but Shuri mirrors Killmonger's ruthlessness. You wanted a villain at the same level of Killmonger, that was Shuri. It wasn't until the final fight she decided to choose against that violence. Black Panther 2 was a brilliant movie
I disagree with you, Chris.  ***Spoiler warning***  As compelling as Kilmonger was in the first film, I think Namor, while less threatening, is also more interesting, partly because he doesn't want only war and pain, but is prepared for it anyway.  He has a bit more ambivalence as a character, largely because he's not just a villain.  I like what Shuri goes through after his warnings, and how much anger she deals with.  I actually think this is the better film.
It didn't surprise the producers atleast not that he was sick I read somewhere that they knew he was sick and that he was already sick in the first one the only surprise was the timing
Im gonna have to agree with the family on this one, a recast would have been better I feel empty a little, and dying off screen is one of the worst ways to write a character off. being a black man its almost needed, but I dont own it and I'm not the director.
You couldn't relate because you white. Don't sweat it, colonizer.
I don't understand, if this was a movie about white people, everybody would have raged at the movie, but the fact that this is a movie with black actors means everybody is neutral about it. I just don't understand it.
Damn I wish I liked this movie.  There were way too many problems in it for me sadly
I personally came into this movie thinking that it could never top the first and that it would be a disappointment but I was happily proven wrong this movie has not only topped the first Movie It has soared up to become my new number one favourite movie ever created right above Entergalactic and Avatar (the James Cameron one)
The movie was dedicated to Chadwick.. so I understand why the movie was changed in the manner it was. I honestly feel like Michael b should’ve returned as black panther and they could’ve given him a change of heart for the people of wakanda but all in all the movie was solid.
Must not tell the truth... Must not say mean things about the movie... Must praise the movie and bow down to our PC overlords because I have no integrity or spine or backbone... Must bite my tongue so I don't get cancelled
I just watched the movie and it's one of the worst marvel movies nothing makes sense the bad guys are ready stupid black panther it's almost now where to be find and the ending of the movie is more like iron Man contest 😂🤣
Had a problem with the main plot of Namor has to kill scientist over a machine that detects Vibranium and wants Wakanda not only to help him but to take the blame for all the attacks and they can't tell the outside world about Namor's existence, or he will "wipe them off the face of the earth". In the end after he loses, he completely reverses this and now thinks they will become his ally.  That's just stupid, No country behaves this way, especially when the same leader is still in power.
You say things, Chris, and then never elaborate. This review is 6 and a half minutes of nothing.
The movie was terrible. The only good part was Namor. The rest was pointless mess.
You know that this movie is dull and forgetable when Chris completely overlooks a character like Riri, which was only there to be the mcguffin that makes the plot move forward. It was not a worthy sequal to the vastly superior first BP, and falls in line with the mediocrity that has been phase 4
Just saw this movie...being from 🇰🇪....I'd say....tell this people to stop pretending to celebrate African culture when all they are interested in is making money.  This is just what they fantasise about African culture to be nd they have no connection or can't even relate to African culture. Let's call it what it is...another way to make money from the delusional black people in the name of culture...I'd rather rewatch Blood Diamonds.
I thought this movie was phenomenal. Loved it more than the first movie even. The weight of Boseman’s death just put everything into perspective.
it was pretty good until the ending, yet another "revenge bad" story like, what?? this guy killed the queen of your nation unprovoked and he wasnt atleast imprisoned?  also, for such a powerful country, is the best they could do really one boat?
A white person who can’t connect with a native man’s back story and tragedy? It didn’t feel real? As expected. I’m a Latin American person, very much connected with my Mayan native past, and to me Namor was the best part of this movie. Aside from Angela Bassett, Namor commanded the screen. Leticia Right was the one who to me, felt like a side character that was bumped up Because of a leading character was missing. And honestly Namor was way more interesting than her. Lupita Ngoyo was great. But to say that Namor’s story wasn’t as good as the rest, it’s a gross misunderstanding of the character and of the character’s background, and white people tend to not understand minorities. Shit I think Ryan Coogler did a marvelous job at getting into Namor’s background and culture, he understood it.
it amazes me how black community seem to love black panther movie... as if its the most amazing thing ever... while when i look at it from sideline to me its an extreme stereotypical protrayal of how a non african or nonafrican america imagines what such a societity as wakanda looks like, we are taking about a secret country/society that is more advanced and hides because they find us morally very shortcoming. yet this morally superior technologically advanced society has a leader that gets not elected but is leader via hand to hand combat?????? the fighters still run around in tribal gear holding spears????? one group actually barks like dogs when they chant (woof woof woof)??????? leader surrounds himself by female guards (something that was done centuries ago by tribes whose king wanted to show of how many women(and wives in name) fought in his ranks)  they ride rhinos in their military????? this vision is created imho by either non black writers or by black people who thrive on being african heratige by dressing like africans (real africans laugh at this btw) btw black panter was created as a comic inn the 60 by 2 white men (good creative minds btw, but views of that time) yet it seems the whole black  community seemed to view this movie / story as some holy biblical story...in my eyes it is a very stereotipical protrayal of a "futuristic afrcican society" i would think a real moral and technological advanced african nation would not look like that. and be more impressive. it would be like if we portrait in a movie far in the future an asian outpost on mars that we claim was more advanced and had super high moral standards yet the ruler was a emperor ming like character from flash gordon, who got in power via kungfu fights and their defense army consist of women wearing kimonos brandishing samurai swords and the troops were deployed on riksjas. that woud be the same stereotypical nonsense as we saw in black panther and in wakanda forever right now. but i would bet the asian commuity would not have heralded such a movie as the best thing on screen for them ever....
They should have recast the role.
Movie because of the sentimental moments get a 7.7/10... Without them is a 5/10. Script allover the place, and forced new introductions for Disney+ that are rediculus. Like someone said soon kids 2-3 y old will build ironman suits in a garage in the MCU 😂
I did like the shift this movie took, it seemed more dark and dramatic, it did it well and introduced a new character pretty well. I think Ross was wasted though and Riri had too much time. From what I understand she is gonna be an important character going forward.
It was terrible. The theater was silent when it ended.
One of the best movies of this year.
As a mexican of Mayan descent  i feel 100 % conected to Namors motive for being defensive about the surface world. i understand many white people won't totally get it but it is a big deal even the way he talks about the "other countrys" trying to find the resources that they have, he is our Killmonger
I thought the movie was long and boring .hated it!!
I'll also add that maybe they could have trimmed some of the fat to streamline the story, but I'll be real, I genuinely enjoyed Namor's Backstory. Given that most of phase 4's films have been relatively short. It felt necessary here. Also props to Tenoch huerta for such an engaging performance. The man has some amazing acting chops.
that was the most...forgiving...review hes ever done
I think they had to sacrifice Namor's backstory to be more relatable or make the movie even longer. But they had to focus on the loss aspect of the movie, so a slow burn was a good choice to give you the right mood. Having said that, I think his motives were extreme and unrelatable. If we had the humans attack them like they did to wakanda then maybe his reasons would have made more sense, rather than a 500 year old grudge against conquistadors and take it on modern civilization... That would have also made the CIA story more relevant, I think they were basically useless in the movie and their story went nowhere, they would have killed 2 birds with one stone. Anyway, the movie theme was grief and loss, and it was successful in delivering that sentiment, it was emotional and it fulfilled my expectations.
No they should have recast black Panther instead of killing of his character in a way that mirrored his real life death!
The other death in the movie felt pointless and didn't help rally the characters any furthermore. Some characters from the get go didn't have to trust each other but already did, so the death did nothing more to bring the squad together to band against the bad guy which made that whole arc pointless. The new black panther did not earn her stripes in my opinion either in taking the heroes journey, and ultimately the female empowerment theme was over the top excessive for me.
This movie was trash utter trash . How much were you paid to give this review?
Marvel has lost me.  I just don't care about anything they do anymore.  I haven't even seen Dr. Strange 2 yet.  I feel like after End Game it's just gone downhill.  I guess I have super hero fatigue as well.
Instead of a teenage girl with the physique of an ant they should have let Angela Basset play Black Panther. That woman could and would look the part!
I cried in the theater. That’s all.
TBH this movie is so flawed but cuz it is a Marvel movie it gets a pass, Chadwick Boseman was great as OG Black Panther and I personally think that they should have CGI his face for a small scene to give him an honorable death on-screen instead of killing him of some disease offscreen that Wakanda being the most advanced region of the world couldn't figure out cure of. Also, he should have been recast, they could bring in another black panther from a different universe because this phase is more based on multiverse than any before...
I disagree with not understanding the antagonist of the film. I definitely don't see him as a villain. His backstory and explains his personality. Why he's so stubborn. It's beautiful told. That in his heart he wants peace but has super bad trust issues. Seeing his people enslaved first hand.
Chris this movie was so steeped in Wolk culture and cultural appropriation of African culture opening the shield with bongo drums give me a break Chris I figured you’d be more honest but you’re just drinking the Kool-Aid no one can replace Chadwick Boseman especially especially not shuri
The movie was not good at all, mainly because they are trying to force feminism down your throat… there is basically no male roles in this film, and 90% of the heros and lead character are woman. Since when de MCU became WNBA? She Hulk, Lady Thor, a black teenage as Iron Man and now a girl as black Panther. What a load of crap.
I felt similarly. How they handled the loss of Chadwick Boseman was very well pitched. I felt the mourning of Shuri, Leticia Wright did a very good job there. I also think that you might have cut about 15 to 20 minutes out of the movies, but all in all they did not hurt either. Namor was a good and believable villain, if you might call him that, because as Marallah wrote before, Wakanda did not experience that kind of loss caused by colonization and invasion and everything, as most of us people probably didn't either. After all I enjoyed this movie very much, it was at least the best Marvel movie released this year, as I didn't really feel Dr. Strange 2 and Thor: Love & Thunder. Those were not bad, but just random somehow.
Movie is terrible!!! I knew Chris will try to use propaganda to use other words to describe a terrible movie!!! Unscribed!!!
I feel like the movie is basically an intro to namor and her becoming the new black panther… and i feel there isnt alot of “story” in it. And i find angela bassett was too over the top and i must say i LOVE Bassett. The humour worked for me tho, some fun action scenes, some other ridiculous script plots.. like namor wanting to kill the girl.. like com on… too many plot points.  And i feel there was something missing so i could be engaged with Shuri’s Journey.
they shouldn't have killed killmonger in the first movie heheheh shuri's black panther is not convincing enough to defeat namor - nah. namor is not a pussy.
unpopular opinion: never thought that Namor could give up that easy. they made it look like that he was a pussy with shuri?! come on now.
Keep looking to your right alot in this video
please watch arcane
I like a lot of the observations, but I will disagree on the villain.  I think Michael b Jordans villain was eh... So so  And that he was given a lot more credit than he deserved  Chadwick is the best part of Black Panther  Missed him and was saddened by his passing, which made me actually enjoy this more than the first   Although I wasn't crazy with Marvel's pick for Namor... It made sense with what they were trying to convey  If I was to cast Namor... Hands down, it would've been LUKE EVANS
2:40 you know that's a terrible thing to say about a film? If the already famous cast are what holds up you movie then your movie sucks.
Chris has become so politically correct, so "careful" in his opinions... That movie is most probably the worse Marvel production next to WW 1984 and he doesn't have the balls to say it as it is! I won't be surprised if this channel will start losing subscribers...
It's been a surprise to me that people don't like this one as much as the first. I thought it was better. To each their own
the movie needed more diversity. there were only black characters and females in power.
I thought Namor was outstanding. Made every scene better. It seems like the view on him is very split, I am curious why that is?
Spoiler warning  They should have removed ironheart completely, and focused on fleshing out back stories, as well as the reason tchalla died. The reason is never outright explained, but implied that he died because the erb is linked to his vitality. Also, the royal generals resistance to change is not properly addressed in the film. The suits looked horrendous. There's also a scene that quite literally makes no sense at all. Namor stabs Sherri directly in the middle of her stomach and stakes her against a rock. The bitch no longer has a spine, regardless of how much "will power" she has to continue fighting. That means nothing, if you sustain an injury that literally prevents your brain from communicating with your legs!
This movie blew
The story was just boring.
Lowkey movie was Africans vs Mexicans 😅 story of my life
Just saw it today and this solidified it for me that I Agree .. phase 4 feels like or IS the grieving phase in the MCU. And this was Such a beautiful movie , Visually and Emotionally
Did not shed a tear at all, makes me sad to know Chadwick Boseman passed and they made a trash movie to dedicate to him.
I still think James Wan create a deep sea scene better than Coogler's did.
I liked the backstory and that Talokan wasn't just Marvel's Atlantis.  Totally agree about Angela Bassett.  And who else would love to know what the original script was?
I liked this and I think it has been the best marvel since Spidey 3, but it did have some issues. Wasted time with Val and Ross, those super soldier suit designs are absolutely ugly, the last fight scene was very much underwhelming, and although this movie had so much great Chadwick callbacks, I wish there were more. Angela Bassit & Letitia Wright carried this movie and they deserve awards but Chadwick’s presence as Black Panther was sorely missed.
Metroid is an awesome shirt for this vid, with IronHeart and Shuri as strong females in fancy technological suits.
I personally LOVED IT.  Given the circumstances surrounding Chadwick's death the fact that Ryan managed to tell an emotionally resonate story that he didn't even plan on telling at first say's a lot about his skill. The movie was a beautiful tribute to Chadwick and honestly that's all I needed.
Just come out and say it, the movie sucked
I really really love this movie, even more so then the first one and it is probably my top 5 MCU.  It just hits a lot of spots for me.  And beautifully made as well!!  The last scene is just heart breaking!!
Thought it sucked east of time and money
The fact that the MCU can just put out blatant garbage and people will celebrate is just mind blowing to me. This is why they’ll be rich forever.
Legendary
There a bunch of side quests and conversations between minor characters that ran for like 20 minutes each and made it so boring, almost ruined all the other great parts of the movie. About 40 minutes too long IMO
As a Mexican I really enjoyed this movie!
im just gonna skip this movie.
Ludwig's music made the movie sooo much better once again!
It’s bad
This movie was trash 🗑️
I agree with your review. I gave the movie 10/10 in visuals, performances and music. But the movie as a whole felt a bit all over the place but that's not to say its bad or people shouldn't see it. I look forward to the next installment and hopefully Ryan directs it.
Didn't really care for the first one, wondered if this was just a cash grab using Chadwick's death to help promote it.
Badly written, too long and worst of all it was boring.
I get that you couldn’t connect with Namor’s pain because of the story telling, but I have to say that as an indigenous person I understood his pain and rage right away.
Nakia should have been the new Black Panther imo
Please please can we all just admit that the film is shit
Movie of the year easily
Kukulcan was never supposed to be a villain. Both nations are the victims of Colonialism. The movie touches on "vengeance" and how it transforms us into what we want to destroy. The villain in this movie is actually never seen. We know its presence only by conversations. The United States in this regard is the villains. They are the once doing all sorts of covert operations to find and extract Vibranium from other countries. There was dialog in the movie when they use the incident of the rescue of RIRI WILLIAMS (Iron heart) to start a conflict with Wakanda.
M'Baku should have been the Blek Pentha
Extraordinary. Excellent movie, direction, and performance. Excellent, superb.  Bassett is an icon, Wright is solidified, and so is Huerta. Gurira excellent actress nd Samurai. All good.
I think I liked it more. I don’t love Michael B Jordan’s performance in the first. I really didn’t believe him. Felt like i was hyper aware he was actively trying to be a bad guy and really ruined my immersion
Remember when Chris used to be a film critic.....
Bury the dead. Mourn your losses. You’re queen now. COLD 🥶
The villan gave me Magneto vibes.  A villian with a purpose.  Unfortunately not as interesting as Magneto but I felt he still delivered.  Magneto spoke highly of his thoughts while this villain spoke softly 🤔.  Just my opinion. By far the movie was still good.
Trash af movie
MCU films are not cinema - martin scorsese
Paid review
Chris, Please put more time and effort into your reviews, they are basically worthless.
Lowkey, some of the disconnect might have been because it’s STRONGLY about the pain and damage colonialism can/will cause. And if you don’t know what that feels like, that layer will probably miss for you.
Why didn’t they just recast him, and then the director would’ve just kept the same script
What I loved about this movie is nothing was forced like marvel has recently been doing , the men were wonderfully written , so was the women , no favoritism and no “king shuri “ woke mess lol just a overall great movie …and loved the character development they gave shuri
Wow, that was really wishy-washy. You make apologies for this movie not being very good then you turn around and recommend the movie. What virtue signaling bull pucky.  Had to unsubscribe.
Letitia Wright and Angela Bassett were both PHENOMONAL in this. When I was watching it, I couldn't help but think about how Letitia Wright first came into the Shuri role as a supporting character, but now has to shoulder being the central character of a film as large as a Marvel flick. That has to be intimidating and I'm sure nobody wants to get their massive break due to the death of a friend. She stepped up in a major way. And Bassett is a freaking legend. Her presence in every one of her scenes can't be overstated.
Truly look forward to your movie reviews. You are my go to guy if I should see the movies or not.😆
“T’Challa no longer involved?”  No! Chadwick no longer involved! Sad but true.  BP should be bigger than any actor just like Batman and Superman is.  This is unacceptable!
Terrible review
Chris: I'm only going to talk about movies that I have a positive take on.  Also Chris: "Doesn't review Halloween Ends..."
They should of kept Tchalla alive. Marvel just used his passing into the script so people can go see It and “pay” tribute. Chadwick would of wanted the character to live. And namor is not Hispanic, but eh this is the mCU so different universes.
I have just seen this movie, I think Shuri is well-acted. When the supporting character becomes the main character, she strives and is serious. The plot is fascinating, I like scenes of fighting or killing. I highly recommend this wonderful film. But I think Namor takes spotlights, director important building life story, and power than Shuri. This film has a happy ending, I like it. A beautiful film. Don't miss it.
i dont understand why many people like the first black panther movie. it was horrible. especially the CGI. soulless. i regret watching it at a theatre. for that reason  i rather wait watching  the sequel  via streaming.
I preferred this one to BP 1. The acting was off the charts.   I understand that the parts that dragged had more to do with the larger MCU world expanding such as all the America stuff, but I didn't mind it.
I liked namor 1000 better than killmonger
Time for the shill to make an appearance again. Gotta get that Disney money.
They should have recast.
I didnt realy like the movie. For me its the weakest Marvel movie so far
My review: movie sucked, critics saying this is nice are scared for political reasons.
Any reviewer praising this trash for anything else than the tributes can not possibly be taken seriously
weak af movie
OSCAR!? Were you high!? The first 1/3 of this movie was great and then it was SUPER average. The actors tried their best but the story failed them. SUCH a failed opportunity
The movie ruined the classic character of Namor . The terrible back story of the city of Atlantis is unbelievable.  That pre-industrial society could've harnessed the power of vibraium  a joke . Plus, a rag-tag group of under 20 people could develop in the harshest environment on the planet, a population of hundreds of thousands in under 500 years. The atlanteans were a genetic offshoot of humans from over 2000 years after the great cataclysm that destroyed the city 10k years in the past. The making of them into a race of people fleeing from the Spanish invasion of the Mayan empire was to give them a sympathetic background, which they didn't deserve or need. It feels like the writer didn't want them to have the same background as Aquaman. Namor is the Aquaman of the Marvel universe. The truly sad thing about this movie is that the city of Atlantis is on a map in a previous movie by Marvel already, so it's not a secret.
this movie is a mess and you don't say it like it is you are a hypocrite.
Namor  was amazing 👏 for his role so was Angela' basset
It is utter trash, and you know it.
They should have recast black panther like Chadwick wanted. He was excited to start a legacy that would see multiple actors, just like James bond. Instead it's girl power movie where 100lbs wet girl is bodying dudes left and right 😂  Also plot wise the movie makes no sense. Like how does the character die from the exact same cause in universe when superior medical tech exists in wakanda ? Felt like they milked his death to get me to care about this over produced theme park of a movie that was 40min too long. Glad I didn't give Disney a dime to see it 🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️😂
MsheU
I like how they didn't put this Spotlight on one person it was as if all the actors had to step up to with the absence of Chad the storyline was really great and I really love this movie I can't wait for part 3
Not a Hilariosity?
Overall, I agree with your review, except for the part about the Batman. That movie was poorly paced and every character only had 2 acting modes: speaking in bored monitone and manic yelling. The action needed some polish too. Plus, the DCEU's overall love of grayscale color palettes.  But back on topic ... in Wakanda Forever, if they simply cut the CIA bits (which failed to tie into the main story in any meaningful way), the movie would have been the length it should have been. They also should have directed Namor as a little more arrogant, which would have given him the cocky charisma you noted was missing.
I agree that the first movie's villain was better. However, I actually enjoyed this more than the first one. A lot of people may think I need to get my head examined. Maybe I'll go back and watch the first one to see if my decision stands.
I dont see namor as the villain He was a leader for his people, he did what needed to be done. This has been the story of every civilization at war. If you think american slavery was rough Just read about whatbthe spanish did to the maya and aztecs in the colonizations. Shit is heartbreaking
Sorry Chris but you lost your touch with reality if you think this movie is somewhat good.
Can they get back to making movies that are no black, gay, or trans focused? Because it’s pure bs that no one gives two shits about unless you’re a moron
They like you use Chads death as an excuse to why this film is sideways and shit. First one shit, Chad was in that. Sequel even shitter. My theory, with the planned raise in black victimhood culture, they picked Chad because they new he wasn’t going to last. So they could use his death to sell these movies and progressive woke ideas they could bleed through the movies. Chad is mainly famous for dying of cancer over his career. He wasn’t a brad pit level of acting where you would actually be shocked if he passed because of his notorious movie catalog of performances. Anyone pretending Chad is to that level is not honouring his life they’re using it for some gain. Even if that gain is a virtue signaling! And we have just proved this fella isn’t a great critic at all. But is woke bs virtue signaling critic. Let me summarise this movie in two words, it’s shit!
To be fair, I don’t think that *you* were the type of person meant to connect with Namor and his backstory. Which is kind of the point. I personally thought that all-around this was even better than the first movie.
Seriously… This is a bunch of bull crap. Too many white people trying to pander to black culture by saying black panther is a good movie. Both black panthers movie were not good at all.
Why is there poverty in African nations in this universe? What kind of selfish POS's are these Wakandans?
booo
Chris SellOut
Very good movie and I understand why they did what they did but I am now ready for a recast of t’challah
I was looking for the right words when a friend asked me how it was. So I thought about if for a second and then it hit me: Ah yes, it sucks.
Just watched it and.....🔥🔥
Woke nonesense.
Looks like Chris drank the Wakanda Kool-Aide. I don’t get this lead-off apology why this movie isn’t amazing. Really? Does that make it okay to be a disjointed, illogical, piece of crap? Oh, sorry, it’s not politically correct to criticize anything about it.
Come on man,this is a woke man hating movie, what does a black male get out of this and namor is the bitch in the end,in the comics namor held his own against avengers,fantastic four,etc this a shit movie for anyone not woke
Let’s be super honest here…black panther and wakanda forever are below average films that encapsulate a culture for a certain demo that makes sense. You either have bad taste in films or are being overly generous because YouTube is still your main source of income. Really bad film making and writing from a technical perspective
Killmonger is an easier villain to interweave with the story because it is about Wakanda and his story is the opposite of T'Challa's. In this film there are two divergent stories which have to come together, but only one can be central. I feel like the original script may have been smoother story-wise because it didn't have to deal with the gigantic shadow of T'Challa passing. With that looming large, the family around him had to be front and center, but at the same time Ryan Cooglar tried to tell a story with a compelling antagonist. That they use a bit of flashbacks is okay, I just feel there may have been stronger choices, maybe leaning into how truly horrified he was as a kid to see how surface people treated one another. Maybe they could've been more naive initially but were betrayed. Having the mother killed wouldn't work as he would've just spent his entire life plotting to take over the surface. He didn't even free the servants, he just burnt everything to the ground...
This film sucked.
Namor lacked the physicality and the sense of menace to be the antagonist. This is superhero movie . Namor must be jacked and massive. As a normie who does not read comics , I really don’t care about the origin . I would have been ok with the comics origin . Why the producers do not want to adapt the comics is baffling as the fans of the comics would love it and normies don’t really care . The comic fans will be the ones who rewatch and get others to watch by word of mouth.
This guy likes everything, seems like, I’m going back to Nerdrotic and Critical Drinker!
This movie was crap, had some good moments though
should i go watch it or wait? the main character and the vilain does not hype me up
I wish I saw representation. Thats the only way I can understand another person or what theyre going through. If they look different I can't understand at all.
Good review. I agree with most of what you have said, save that I think the movie was 30 minutes too long. The pacing in the first half was off. Way too slow.
I hated this movie ....so poorly executed!
I agree with everything except the Namor criticism. I think other than the emotional aspect of the movie, Namor makes it stick out. He's great as the villain. It forces you to take sides. Two people going through these emotions of vengeance. One gave up to it, and the other let it go.
I so totally agree   From the opening credits to the end, in dealing with the characters grief, you could hear a pin drop in the theater.  Middle needed 20 minutes cut ❤
First one is one of my favorite marvel films. This one was absolutely horrible. Last 3 marvel films have been underwhelming trash. Never fell asleep during a movie before - totally fell asleep!
I don't have much interest in this without T'Challa.
Please bring back letter grading. It’s impossible to have a concept of your general consensus of a film, unless you give us one. It’s helpful for those of us that value your opinion.
As a Native I hella related to Namor.
You probably didn't relate to Namor story and motives because you're American. As a latino, I related so much with him and loved everything about him! My favorite part of the movie definitely.
I saw this a few days ago and while I liked the first movie I thought this one was ultimately forgettable. I came out thinking to myself that the film didn't feel as if there was any protagonist in the leading role. Which is kinda a bit of the problem with characters with depression, they sort of exist, and part of the journey of that arc is for them to start living again as opposed to merely existing. The problem with this film though is that there were no charismatic character in the protagonist side of the story that I could anchor myself to, I thought Namor was kinda cool, although his backstory was kinda odd and nonsensical. I'm also not a fan of the world that Coogler portrays in this film. Everyone outside of Wakanda are opportunistic and sinister. As soon as T'Challa died the UN went in and killed scientists in order to get at Vibranium. Which I understand is a supermetal that this one isolationist and frankly insular country holds tightly onto, which can be perceived as a threat. Especially when the Queen flaunts her power by disrupting a UN meeting by bringing her own armed soldiers into the UN meeting room (Which would NEVER happen in real life) they play it as a "We Wakandans are a strong and proud nation" but to me it just screamed North Korea and Russia with the current political climate going on. Coogler can't help what happened in the world while he made his film. I'm just stating that the air of apparant nobility he tries to infuse into Wakanda seems like it is devolving into a supremacist country that outwardly says "Yeah we have the power to take over the world and kill everyone we want. So you should consider yourselves lucky that we don't want to. Yet." I'm chalking these things up in the story as the political instability of Wakanda internally, and the Queen acting in a very nondiplomatic and forceful way that strongarms her superiority over other nations (I mean seriously. Taking armed soldiers into the UN meeting room is super villain level of indiscretion. I know she wants to send a message but if a nation had done that in the real world, there would be SEVERE diplomatic consequences) to a consequence of her grief.  There are good parts. I really like Cooglers vision for striking visual spectacle. He is really good with playing with the dreamscape as we saw in the first Black Panther movie and here again with the spirit world. I wish there were more of the spirituality of the Wakandan tradition in these movies rather than a focus on the technological marvels that Vibranium can produce. But I think Coogler was made to make a film that is ultimately impossible to make "Good". Chadwick Boseman will be missed. But they should've recast the role and this film should've been postponed until it felt right to recast T'Challa, because what we got is a little bit of a mess.
Mom cried before the first minute. I was dying inside, I no longer cry but the feels. Director did a good job making a film about grief.
Huh. So T'Challa doesn't do a Mary Poppins in space. That's what happened in the Star Wars sequels...
I won't even watch this slog.
But it was....boring
One of the rare movies that had me screaming at the screen
Namor was legit the best thing of this movie. He deserves his own movie.
This movie sucked if you watch it Pay attention to what they do with the male characters.
Can’t imagine what it’s like to slurp up everything that Disney makes.
Great review and great film! Love it Chris!
Angela Bassett definitely deserves an award
If this movie was all about people being connected and identifying with the characters rather than it being a Black Panther superhero film, then well done !!!
I  wonder if your history may have attributed to you not connecting to the pain of his backstory.
I kind of disagree…. I think Namor had same affect as Killmonger. The actor did his thing and made me super confused on if i truly hated him.
This movie was NOT IT!! T'Challa was missing and it was felt (not in a sad way for me) but the LACK and FILLER that was involved.
Chris! As always, couldn't wait to see your review. We saw Wakanda Forever on Saturday and it was a tear jerker from start to finish (Mid-Credit scene). I see a lot of comments about Namor and the controversies about race (like always). I'm 54% Indigenous American and 33% European so I really enjoyed the 5-10min background they gave us for Namor but just like you, I wish they would have given us more so that the audience could empathize (connect) with him (kind of like what they did for Black Adam in DC). That comparison is because I see them both as anti-heroes (at least in the movies). Still, I understand that this was a Chad/Black Panther tribute and the mantle needed to be passed over (just like we've seen all of Phase 4) and I'm ok with that. Like you, I also enjoyed the first film better, mostly because we had a black panther from start to finish.
Those Nakia and M'baku displates were super cool
"I can't relate or connect with Namor" you don't have to??? Not every antagonist has to be relatable to you uno, I'm sure many Latinos could indeed connect with him.  He does whatever is necessary to protect his people and will switch sides if he has to in order to make that possible, he's not even a full villain, more of an antihero.
u didnt feel the pain for namor bc ur a white man lmao
😴
TRASH 🗑️🚮
I've been Stuckmanized, not that I wasn't going to go see this film....but your Seal of Approval makes it all the more better.
*The movie was alright, but they made it look like Avatar at times. It didn’t need to be 3 hours either. Lol
M-She-U is terribad. The MCU died with Endgame.
Angela Basset is a legend 👏 she should've gotten an Oscar eons ago
I agree with the run time and was an ok movie, but not great.
Of course Stuckman shills for this pile of shit.
stop the cap this movie was completly TRASH ! the vfx was so bad! waste of money! what a sh!t show
Please don't ever say stuckmannised...  Please.
Felt like Iron Heart and Everett Ross parts are forced into the movie to move other films story ahead and serve little purpose in this film
probably the best movie in phase-4 but it still feels way lower than the engame high. at least it looked like a marvel movie and characters were not turned into jokes and babysitters like Dr Strange & Thor. I enjoyed most of the movie but the ending was a total let down. felt rushed and almost as if they did not know how else to end it without turning Shuri into a villian. I think they could have taken the Shuri character along the Killmonger route.
Ok. Watch Nerdrotic’s review. Unsubbed.
Dope Metroid shirt, where'd you get it?
As a Native American I connected deeply with Namor's story. For the native peoples of the Americas, Namor's story is incredibly real. The anger and pain that comes from the brutality of colonization is relatable and understandable because we've all felt it. I wouldn't even call him a villain, he's a complex antagonist just trying to protect his people. What Indigenous person hasn't dreamed of having the power to defend their land from outside forces that just want to strip it of resources and without any thought or care for the environment or people that live there? Namor never would have left the ocean if the outside world hadn't invaded his territory looking for vibrainium. Talokan is no different from Wakanda, except for the fact that Namor's people did lose their home, they were forced to flee the Spanish invaders, and that loss fuels his desire to ensure it never happens again. Wakanda's understanding of Talokan's perspective only goes so far because they've never had to experience that. Namor is an Indigenous land defender and I just want to see more of him, I want a whole movie just about him.
I would love for them to release Cooglers original script to read. Would've loved to see what the story would've been like with T'challa in it.
Angela Bassett is in a few  thus far American Horror Story seasons
Chadwick still alive this movie would be mid! This is over hyped and it the same movie as women king
Underwater story Nearly Avatar 2 Wakanta forever 😮
I thoroughly enjoy the movie. I went to see with my family last night, and I had my moments where I was excited, and I had my moments where I understood what was going on, but it seemed a little slow, but the only critique that I have about this movie is the water scenes when we went to the underwater world. I didn’t like that they didn’t talk underwater. I didn’t have a dialogue underwater. I will wish that it could have been just a little more like how the water seasons were in Aquaman. It was like they had to guess what each other was saying under the water or going to a dry place just to talk, so that was the only thing that I I wish could have been a little different but all in all I love the movie
I dint get the end of this movie so namor spoilers kills d queen and shuri ie black panther leaves him and allies with him thinking about his people and their world if he is gone and that’s counter intuitive cos I thought the movie was about carrying on without your strongest leaders and symbols so shuri could’ve eliminated the threat of namor and made his world thrive without necessarily ending it
When are you gonna be making videos on how to make it in Hollywood?
When you say slow burn it is almost always boring but if done right can be a fascinating character study like Joker.  This movie got 95% tomatoes from fans so has to be decent.  It cannot be any worse than the first one which I found average at best.
The MCU died with End Game Period! This movie was not needed. Black Panther could if been easily re-casted!
Spiderman series seems all Marvel has left. They are slipping.
Def liked this more than the first
You didnt feel because you are white. Ask latinos if they feel it. 10001% they felt it
Namor was awesome. That bootleg iron man sent me 😂😂😂
No disrespect but I fell like black and Latino audiences like this movie wayyyy more I’m black and it’s in my top5 Mcu the story doesn’t seem too hit the same for white viewers I see
didnt like it and there were characters that i didnt like. and i hate the Namors characters change. i hate it.. they should have recast tchalla
How do I text your page? I was selected for a prize? Not sure if this mat have been a bot.
I was so happy that Bilbo Baggins and Elaine represented the nerdy and incompetent whitefolk.  They need their own Seinfeld reboot in the MCU. Make it happen Disney!
Ironheart was really bad.  In the MCU, there is a sort of implied tie when it comes to genius between tony stark/iron tech = hank pym/quantum tech = wakandan tech  But Riri easily surpassed tony stark while in college. It belittled tony stark's and Hank Pym's brilliance.
This movie sucked, and you all know it. Horrible.
Lowkey the movie could’ve & should’ve been 3-4 hours
Well said Chris. A very thoughtful review. Indeed figuring out what to do with a story when the lead actor suddenly dies...was a challenge....I like how the writer incorporated it into the story instead of going the simple cash-grab route of recasting.
Wasn't there an uncredited cameo by Michael B Jordan in the film?
Namor’s backstory definitely connected with its intended audience. I’ll leave it at that.
This is another new phase marvel movie I won’t be able to rewatch, I could not connect with this one
The movie was okay. I agree with your review. I’m not recommending it
Should’ve just recasted him instead of having this feminist politically driven film
Honestly, I felt like this movie did all what was done right the first time, and fixed what wasn't right. Namor is as good as Killmonger, and for me works even more due to more screentime, my main issue with killmonger was the sudden apperance and overall lower screetime dedicated for him. This problem is not there with Namor, and his antagonist role is just a role, he's not even a villain and does not want war, which is super super strong. Regarding the action, VFX, Music, emotions, pacing, supporting characters, all of those were more than amazing here. I can't believe the level of improvements here. This movie is astonishing
This movie is horrible ,it's woke ,theirs no men in it namar included,don't pay to see it ,black panther is hardly even in it and it's called black panther 2 ,go figure
movie is trash
Better than the first one. I wish more Marvel movies could take themselves this serious, not like Love and Thunder.
Did they ever explain how he died in the movie world
I did not know Coogler had to rewrite an already finished screenplay, that puts the whole thing in a different perspective. I thought that he wrote the script after the death of Chadwik and I felt that it should have been more focused on the grief of the characters. Mourning is in common between Shuri and Namor and they handle it in two different ways, that's an excellent idea. It just gets lost between the bunch blockbuster cliches. And Ironheart should have been completely left out, she would have deserved a more better origin story.
Namor did great, as a Latin woman, I do relate to the whole if the surface people find your civilization it will be decimated. That's exact it what happened to the actual mayans, so Namor being part God, part human Mayan, is fully aware, how catastrophic that would be. I didn't even see him as a villain to be honest, if was more of a "I need to keep my people and home safe" kinda person, the CIA was drilling into the ocean and it would of destroyed his world. He asked Shuri for help in the fight and she not only refused but didn't come up with another solution. I get she had a lot on her plate but she shouldn't of been surprised when they waged war on wakanda. To them wakanda was an enemy now. shuri also could of prevented it by just telling ramonda and the council and mbaku what namor told her. It did run a bit long but ramonda was great in it. Mkabu deserved more screen time and so did danai. But I saw it today and I was excited. I appreciate they didn't recast but although I did enjoy the movie the end fight scene was kinda anti climactic. Tbh. Maybe I it's cause I just get irked by Letitia. Idk.
Black Panther was appalling crap, so I walked into my Odeon,  paid for another movie, then watched this donkey crap... It was an absolute mess! It was garbage! It was racist, and that was funny as f!
I didn’t expect the “What Are Those” woman to make me feel emotion, but here we are lol
T’Challa - Civil War - “ The Black Panther has been the protector of Wakanda for generations. A mantle handed down from Warrior to Warrior “  There in lies my issue with Shuri being the Panther. She’s a tech nerd, not a Warriior. That should have been Okoye. Instead she gets stripped of her position of general… yeah nah 🙄🤬
Y'all know it soooked
Best Graphic by far was Dr. Strange  Wakanda  Pictures is washed out when i watched it in same Movie theaters i go to 😅. The only Character that i enjoyed and stands out the most is the Villain “ Namor “  reminds me of Roman God Mercury. Now everytime i think of Black Panther / Wakanda Forever  i only think of “ Namor “.  Ciao 🚙 💨 (Copy posting  my comment  to all Wakanda Forever Critics)  😂 credits to me 2023 All rights reserved.
I love that tshirt! Where did you get it?
I would have liked this movie to have been done in two parts.  Despite the long run time, I felt there was too much put in that the stories didn’t get completely fleshed out.  With that said, getting this movie done considering the real life loss was pretty impressive.
I actually like it better than the first and namor I did connect with but he isn’t a straight up villain he’s an antagonist
Did we watch the same movie? Because most of your criticisms are pretty superficial
The movie was good, but NOT GREAT.
I loved Namor, I was praying he would t get the Marvel villain treatment and kill off a really good villain/antihero.
I agree w the point you made w how Coogler did a great job w the cards he was dealt. But this movie was imo the second best film of phase 4. For some it’s not saying much but this movie had a lot of big moments and Namor is one of the strongest villains these movies have put on the screen. The stakes felt high and I wasn’t really feeling the same “they’ll be fine good guys win the end” type of vibe. This movie is a strong 8.5 for me and a very solid movie to end phase four
Loved this movie and loved Namor.
Everything was good until Shuri became the black panther. Idk where she got all these combat abilities when she was constantly in the lab. Way too much plot armor for my taste.
I actually really thought the political thriller of war was shown and appreciated. I thought writing and directing was really good. Both are pretty equivalent Black Panther 1 and 2
this movie was really good, i hope to see shuri as black panther again after this movie! even if shes not the queen of wakanda
Personally loved the movie. The aspects of grief, coming of age and how they leaned into the characters.   I also personally loved that third act. Truly awesome stuff.
This movie is cringe. My fellow latinos saying they "connected" with the movie because of shallow mayan visuals is absolutely laughable. Some of ya'll are way too easy to please, this movie sucks, plain and simple.
The thing I didn't like was the fact that both of these "highly advanced" nations didn't seem to possess any large weapons of war, like I only would see like 2 or 3 aerial ships meant for defense in every raid scene. Then Namor's nation would use water bombs and vibranium spears and that's it...  and whales i think. I don't know, I guess I was expecting more from 2 advanced civilizations clashing, it just seemed so underwhelming.
Movie made me tear up and nostalgia hit me when boseman show up
Story: solid Fight Scenes: incredible Better than the First: yes
Literally every Mexican felt connected with Namor and he was the best thing of the movie
Just saw it and loved it
Maybe if they added Walter Newell aka “Stingray” would be more interesting
Blue people were only blue outside of water there was no explanation whatsoever
It was very boring
Sorry but they said Namor was going to be in this film. Namor is not in this film Total b******t.
They should’ve recast T’Challa.
'We have the people of Wakanda dealing with the tragic loss of king Tchala.' for like over 2 hours. Well, the Wakandians seemed to get quicky over Tchala's father death (original Black Panther), who was killed while on diplomatic affairs in Civil war, right? This is just a movie exploiting the death of Chadwick for over 2 hours, because the writers can't come up with a better story. Chris, you are just trying to play it safe with this review, which only shows your bias.
Very mediocre 😏
It was good but not great.
not as Gased up as they originally due to they absence of Mr. Bosmen and Micheal be Jordan. Am sure I'll still enjoy it.
Pretty decent MCU movie. They really handled the Chadwick Boseman / T'Challa passing very well. Was very moving. Even the way they did the Marvel logo. Angela Bassett was phenomenal in this. Shurie had a lot on her shoulders and the character ark showed this well. Namor was a decent advisory. It was okay I suppose. The bit at the end, with the Wakanda 'Navy' bit was totally ridiculous. All in all, I think I'm pretty over the MCU thing now. It's been a lost cause since End Game, with the odd decent movie and streaming series. But it's hard to get too excited or engaged any more for me.
As I Mayan it was very easy for me to connect with Namor and Talokan! I get it if you wouldn't though
i would've been open to the idea of kill monger coming back and taking up the reigns. the death of his rival hits him harder than he expected and changes his stance if only a little to commemorate his lost brother. shiri can also take up the mantle and now you have 2 protectors one whose more stands with light while the other dark kind of a red hood and robin  duo after batman dies
The movie just didn’t make sense. How could he expect to take over the world if he can’t even beat black panther 😭. All the other avengers would wipe him and his people, and black panther is nowhere near the strongest. And why didn’t any of the other superhero’s step in?? It would’ve been over in a few minutes. And your going to tell me this random college student is now a knockoff Ironman 😭 like it’s just so silly.
I felt the movie too long, they could've removed the cia/bilbo guy story, and the iron heart girl...
Pathetic movie paid review font go watch this shit
Early access it's like Fentanyl to youtubers.
I was not a big fan of the first Black Panther film, but this one I truly loved.  Not surprised you didn’t “connect” with Namor, and his back story.  Namor is the star of this film. He is a great character and they couldn’t have chosen a better way to adapt him into the MCU. Chadwick tributes had me crying throughout the whole movie.
It was a 7/10 movie for me. The first act was good but the 3rd act had that predictable melodramatic element to it. And the fights of the final act were very underwhelming and disappointing. Angela Basset was superb though but her character's death felt unnecessary.
10 / 10  What a joke world
i feel like this should of been contained with wakanda and talokan no riri no everrett ross no val. and i feel like there was a lot of dragging in the film where i was looking at my watch and the iron hearts suits look terrible
Surprise, surprise I white man NOT RELATING to the struggle. Not surprise there 😎
I loved it!!! I love water and felt this was a great addition! I also love culture and I loved seeing the representation of Latinos! I miss Chadwick and wish he were still here, but Ryan handled his absence with grace and expertise!
Chris stuckman “ I didn’t really connect with namors story” hmmm well Chris a white man I wonder why 🤔🤣
Wakanda never again
George Reeves, Christopher Reeves dies, Clark Kent/Superman didn't.  Kevin Conroy, Olan Soule, Adam West dies, Bruce Wayne/Batman didn't.
If you didn't want T'Challa recasted, then you can't complain about this film.  You wanted this, you got it.    Letitia Wright carried the film the best she could with what was given to her, but you can tell this wasn't the original idea for the follow-up.
Do black Adam review
Yeah... the movie has good parts, but the story can be better.  However, I understand their intentions.
I think I might actually prefer this movie to the first. Never been a big fan of the original BP. Probably somewhat due to the sheer amount of hype surrounding it. This one definitely was more of a slow burn and the tributes throughout the movie really didn’t affect me whatsoever (wish they would’ve used more/different footage, maybe alternate takes, or Boseman in different roles, etc.) but I dug this sequel. I was like “oh, so Marvel CAN still make good movies. I got worried for a bit.”
Great review but I disagree on Namor. To me, his character was done so well and I found myself hoping he wouldn’t die! I connected a lot
I thought it was shite 😅 and the original I always thought was overrated, the politics spoiled it for me
Water grenades? Terrifying. This seriously sounds like bollocks. No thanks.
Just watched the film. Rey Skywalker, how does Shuri beat a mutant/“god figure” with no training?   T’Challa should of been recasted. Or killmonger should of been alive in a cell they released him to defeat Namor then Shuri defeats killmonger when he goes too far or who he stays good.   But if they kept the direction they went in they should had Shuri train in the ancestral plain or indicate or show martial arts training or her already being a good fighter in the film.
Shuri's story hit me where I live, the "villain" was sympathetic (air quotes 'cause he wasn't evil, just misguided), & the overall themes of the film, sadly, were still relevant.
Thank you for taking the time during your busy schedule to talk about the film.
The movie was garbage and so is Michael b Jordan
I agree , this film was 20 min too long. If it was 2.40 hours most it could have been better imho
you are a joke chris. as a movie reviewer you have become an untrusted joke.
Even though Chadwick Boseman didn't want this according to his brother even though he probably ended up loving it.
Disney bought all the big movie reviewers in the last two years. They all spit BS now. You whores have no shame.
Not a die hard marvel fan so don’t know the full backstory and intricate details of the comics but this film was so good to me 😩
It's a big pile of garbage just like any Marvel movie, but nah the political fanatics have to make it the best movie ever. You all are braindead.
This makes me wish Chris still did critical reviews.....or better yet, just said no to some of these movies. This quick comment is as much attention to Wakanda Forever that I'm going to be giving it.
I loved namor bro
I really enjoyed the movie because of the lack of a black and white perspective. It’s a movie that lets all the characters grieve and operate in a grey area. I wish we could have seen characters such as Shuri embrace their darker sides a bit more, but having all the characters acting morally questionable makes for an interesting film
Well done marvel for still pushing the feminist agenda. Now another male superhero turned into a woman. When will this end. Black panther a woman. Marvel are really on it  pushing women as superheros and making the men look like gibbering oafs. They did it with thor and hulk.  How on earth as a young boy can he associate a hero as woman. A sons hero is his father or a male role model.  Why don't marvel and these feminist and transgender people get it in their heads masculinity is important and young boys and men need male role models.  Seeing a female superhero for a boys does nothing for their confidence or self Esteem. Science nature proves this.  This film was not great the first was better. This was a pale imitation of the first film.  Too much dialogue it actually felt like a funeral wake.  They introduced a female character and she was annoying and she made a suit out of nothing like whaaaaat.. I'm all for the women empowerment movement, but this is literally shot Horning another character in. Also what significant part did the police play in this what a waste
The stupidity triumph with this woke movie!😂
Saw the movie today and I love the ending
I think they should have just recasted the role. End of story.
I always appreciate Chris’s input and analysis. I personally had no expectations coming into the movie. And I think that’s what helped me appreciate the movie the way I did. As a Mexican, I truly appreciated Namor, his struggle, his reasoning and how it portrays the generational trauma that colonized nations still have. For me, that was the amazing part of the movie and what made me connect to it . I did not feel that connection with Michael B Jordan’s character , even though I understood and enjoyed his character. I guess this movie explored grieving , which is something I’m attracted to . I agree with the length of the movie, could’ve been shorter but I truly enjoyed it .
I actually liked it more than the first. I thought Coogler did an amazing job given the sad circumstances.
As a Latino, I loved it, ancient tribes are a huge part of our culture and I wish it gave me more of that revenge against colonialism. This shouldn't be an MCU movie, I just wish all that that crap was removed.
Given the writing and the timeline between the release of the movie and the untimely death of Chadwick Boseman (rip),  Coogler did an amazing job.
Not gonna lie it was kinda boring
Without Chadwick I'm just not interested
So disapointed at this movie, and the sad thing is that they could have made it sooooo much better with lover cost and shorter run time. To bad
Is this a paid review or are you serious?
All the actual underwater scenes weren't great (they were immersion breaking). The underwater city was so dark and seemed extremely lifeless. The story-line (based on what they had to work with) was still very weak. I can foresee Black Panther 3 will be delayed long enough to introduce a new young Black Panther, to join with the rest of the young Marvel heroes in Phases 5, 6 and 7.
The two major themes of this film. 1. Dealing with grief. 2. Two nations recognizes. Thier similarities more than thier differences. United instead of fighting.
I thought Namor's story and portral was excellent.  I don't think he was intended to be a villain.  An antagonist definitely!  Kilmonger was a villain for sure, but Namor was written to be different from that.
The reason Namor didn't work for me is because his backstory doesn't connect with his motives at all. Killmonger's backstory arises from the king of Wakanda killing his father and leaving him to fend for himself, giving him a reason to hate Wakanda and the throne and help more people who faced similar childhoods. But Namor's tragic story arises from the Spanish arriving in the Americas. Although spreading disease and slavery is obviously bad, it doesn't explain his motives at all. The Wakandans didn't do anything bad to them, and neither did any of the other world powers. It was just the Spanish. I feel like they wrote this backstory just to give a lecture on Spanish conquest and slavery, but it didn't belong in this movie.
Movie was horrible. Only people that enjoyed it are “Latinos” just cuz of namors sorry as$ story. Horrible writing.
the first movie was terrible. The sequel was even worse.
The only thing that keeps me from placing this movie as one of the best Marvel movies is _sigh..._ the villain. Everything around the good side is great. Their intentions, motivations are on point, maybe a little wonky at the climax of the movie where they could have given more screentime on Shuri's wrongly placed reasons to go to war. Visually this movie is good, actors have done a good job here, especially Angela. Every scene with Queen Mother has a strong powerful presence due to Angela's phenomenal acting. But it seems like since Thanos, Marvel has completely lost their ability to create strong, thoughtful and self-justified villains whose intentions make sense if you flip the story from villain POV
The movie was a hot mess. 1. it lacked the political, social, tribal depeness or profundity, passion and relevance the first movie had. 2. Shuri is not capable to carry such a great role like this. 3. Marine spirit activities, if you are religious you know what they were trying to do. 4. Why did they feel like killing Angela Basset character was a good idea? 5. We black people want more of our African history to be told why bring the Mayans or American Indian history so prevalent on a movie that is supposed to be Black people pleaser? 6. The fights were not that great...The Dahomey women were great fighters, show better fighting scenes. 7. bring a new Black Panther and better fighting scenes from the female cast like they did the first one. 8 Why Florence Kasumba and Wiston Duke not giving more play time. 9.Overall acting was 2.5/5. I didn't like the movie period.
The fact that you recognize the movie explores enough Of Namor’s back story but you still Didnt connect with it should not be a point against the movie. It just shows you dont care about colonization
You didn’t relate to him because you’re a white male to be frank. Namore was my favorite part of the movie. I love Michael B but killmonger was forced.
As a Latina, i knew and understood exactly why Namor did what he did and share the desire to come together against the oppressors.
Eh, when they removed the Doctor Doom post credit scene, I lost all interest in this movie.
I just don't think I want to see a 3 hour movie. It's just too much.
Namor was the biggest problem for me  I didnt feel for his story and believe in his fight, and he looked a little goofy. The character in BP always have had such great costumes, but this movie disappointed me in that department. Namor and a certain 2 suits that show up at the end just didnt look as cool or unique as other costumes from this crew  Everything else, I thought at least, was great
Lot of people say, T'Challa had to be recasted, compariable as the Spartacus TV show, the main character had to be a male Black Panther, and there are very good actors that could fit in his shoes and the story should not be be that he sufferd from a disease that affected ony him? If they had to let him die, he should have died as a hero in a fight, and where he give his live for a greater cause..  Lot of people say they were waiting to see his face on the last moments of life, and here in this movie they only talked about his absence and his dead.  It was more satisfying if the audience could see him in a last hero act. Maybe  that directoyr and Marvel could record a small story where he is fightning and then he gets infected or something.   And we hope Marvel will put a new male king in charge that challence Sherie.   Lot of people say not recasting Black panther will be the end of the franchise,  and maybe a new male kind could save the franchise? Think about it. Sherie is a SIDE character!! and the director needs to invest more in family then in symbolic scenes
That’s a sick Metroid shirt
Really good movie ! Liked it better then the first one 👍🏼
The movie is too long and does not really go anywhere.. Would recommend to watch on Pay tv instead...
more boring Marvel crap
I wish Namor had a better back story that I can connect with.
NAMOR Looks terrible, so terrible come on say it! the MCU shows no signs of returning to its former greatness, so sad!
Narrative issues, that describes MCU nowadays
I was proud of the new Black Panther movie but it wasn't that good. Black Panther in this film is not intimidating, too small, and shows up way too late in the film. Not enough action, too much dialogue and drama, film is way too too long. And too many useless scenes. Batman was terrible. Worst Batman ever btw.  I don't understand what everyone can see about this new batman. He is also tiny and non intimidating.
Marvel is going in wrong direction,sad
This movie sucked. They could’ve just kept the script that was already written and recast the role. Would’ve been better then this 2 hours 45 minute piece of crap
IT WAS OK BUT I GOT BORED QUICK
Holy cow Shuri became a main character
I don't understand how you have so many subs when your reviews are pretty bare bones and usually under 10 minutes compared to other youtube reviewers. Also you either do a goofy smile or a frown in the thumbnail so that says pretty much all you have to without even watching the video.
I disagree on the villain, Chris. Tenoch Huerta was fantastic as Namor and his character’s actions were well explained. It’s a shame you compare him to Killmonger even though he was the best villain in phase 4.
Movie was horrible
It was not fun. Should have recast the black panther 👀
I saw it. AND IT WAS REALLY GREAT.  I took all my family to see it. I didn't regret my time and money.  I almost shed some tears.
Perhaps your weaker engagement with Namor vs. Killmonger is simply that you may be more familiar with the plight of the African American heritage and its link to colonization and slavery in African nations.   Namor and talokan touch on that same vein in particular for Mexican heritage, but overall to latin American countries and Spanish colonization and history thereafter. I think the parallels of both kingdoms is handled very well.
One of the worst MCU movies, like bottom 5 at least.
As a citizen colonized by empires (Philippines), I actually connected by Namor. I loved this movie much more than the 1st one. This one is very impressive. Namor was the best part for me. Best movie I’ve seen this year!!
Honestly, Chris, take a course in Latino culture for once. Namor's backstory was absolutely beautiful and it hit hard down to the bone on how mistreated our culture has been. Nothing else could make me like this movie, aside from Boseman's beautiful tribute. Namor is one exciting character and has incredible depth. Remember, he doesn't take sides, he is there to protect his people no matter what happens. There's nothing greater than that, nothing more selfless . Shame on you, Chris. Be better
Might have been my theater, but the movie was too dark. There were a lot of night scenes and I could barely see what was going on.
The only ridiculous thing was how Namor thought he could take on the whole world alone with a bunch of water bombs. Jokes aside, whole movie i was waiting for them to reveal some military or technological trump card and still all they had to show for were still spears and some whales? Do they even know how much shit went through the mcu without internet?
I just finally saw this film I find the technology not so bad the general atmosphere of the film Shuri in Black Panther I find it perfect.  My concern is always Namor, I didn't appreciate anything about this Namor who is not faithful to the comics.  The least worst of the Marvel movies after all.
WTF are people talking about? bro this was literally the worst movie ive ever seen I could go on for hours about everything wrong with it.
I think if you're black or Latino you'll connect with this film differently. Black people, we lose a lot of family and have to push on. We have been exploited by Europeans in the past as have Latinos. I don't understand all the mediocre reviews, I think this film is beautiful and profound. I almost think I needed this film. I lost my sister this year, and my mother who resembles Angela Bassett very much, was moved to tears in many scenes. It was like seeing ourselves deal with the grief of our lost angel. Great review Chris
Just watched it, I think the movie deal with the loss beautifully.  It closes the chapter and prepares us for the next journey.
Rich Evans was right about this prick 😂
I gotta say I agree with a lot of this review. The film is at its weakest whenever it isn't mourning Chadwick and while there is a LOT of mourning there is a lot of screen time of just profoundly unpolished and sometimes straight out flawed storytelling. Namor was so close to greatness as an antagonist but man I really wouldn't have expected a director of Coogler's calibre to turn to so much exposition. Also, agree on Basset and Nyog'o. They were my absolute highlights of the film closely followed by Winston Duke. However I found Letitia Wright to be absolutely unbeareable and... emotionless? There are essentially three funerals (2 and a half) in this movie and she barely shed a single tear at the very end. In the scenes that catapulted her to the opposite end of the spectrum - the ones filled with hate and revenge for Namor - her delivery was just comically bad. I thought she was fun as a quirky side character in BP1 but she does NOT have the gravitas, charisma or (and I think after this showing it should be brought into question) skill to be a lead, let alone a MARVEL lead. Just like the last movie, this is a horrendously overrated film. Unfortunately this is a whole lot worse and easily one of the worst in the MCU overall.
Best movie this year, so far! All of the critics, and audience scores were spot on! Deserved no.1 at the box office! Full stop!
I boycotted this movie due to the racism of blacks telling whites to not go see it. Now I’m watching a white guy review it. Ha
Latinos for it felt real trust me I don't think you'll ever understand
This movie was fucking terrible! 🤢🤮🤮🤮🤧
This movie was terrible.
It’s all black cast of course is great, duh
This movie deserves all the Oscars
I think while Michael B Jordan was great in the first movie, it did not take anything away from Namor at all for me. I thought he was fantastic and I thought this was one of the best sequels for a movie that had to go through so many issues especially with the death of one of its main characters. I do agree that the movie was definitely 10-15 minutes to long but that is really my only issue.  I am surprised that Chris compared this to The Batman which to be was like 40-50 minutes to long. I honestly wished the Batman had been told a lot tighter or with more intrigue because the story was immediately predictable especially since they just copied Year One and The Long Halloween
I'm gunna be honest, not too many ppl wanted shuri as BP. She had a lot of pressure to carry the mantel. She did a GREAT job!
As a white man you can’t identify with the pain of having your land, heritage, and culture raped and pillaged of its resources? Weird.
Excellent review Chris. However, I disagree with you on Namor's motivations. I agreed with the Talocans' motivation's MORE than Killmonger's desire to empower all people descended from Africa. From the impending conquest from the Spaniards, the Talocan people's only escape was  to learn to breathe underwater. When Namor returned to the surface, he saw his people enslaved and his homeland afire. And the Spanish priest had the nerve to call HIM a devil. So I could understand how Namor would kill ANYBODY that could bring attention to the Talocan, and keep their existence hidden from all surface dwellers.
Omg I really like this film but you nailed it, talking about the villain.. I couldn't figure out my disconnect with it but you nailed it :) thanks for the talk again :)
How the f are you guys finding it 20 mins longer than it should have. I hoped it was 20 mins longer than it is to flush out the new world power and characters. Have more intense fight scenes and make a even bigger revenge comeback with Jordan by the side of the black panther.
i feel lied to
I liked the movie but you got to admit for being the MOST POWERFUL NATION IN THE WORLD Iron man has more fire power. For having a lot of tech they really don’t use it. You would think the capital building would have shields and more defenses or the just the city in general.
I disagree with you on this one Chris I loved namor in this and I understood his backstory and his motives. I think they did amazing with this movie.
Dude, movie was complete and utter trash, pure garbage, stop trying to sugar coat it.
Sounds more like a drama than a superhero movie.
Wakanda Forever, just like Thor Love and Thunder. Good start terrible ending 😕. And if its about women empowerment, Enola Holmes 2 in netflix is much more enjoyable. 🤔
TL:DR  movie sucks
Movie was a 💩
Being completely honest and respectful when I say this; I wouldn’t expect you or many others to connect with Namor. And to compare Killmonger, a kid from California, to Namor, an indigenous child from that LITERAL SLAVERY PERIOD that killmonger was all about, I think you missed the mark saying killmonger has more weight as a character
Omggggggggg I've just watched this movie last night, and it was so good... i was in tears 😢 watching this film.  It's to sad, and it'll definitely make you cry if you have lost someone close to you. And very touching.  Because he's death was such a mystery,  that it had me just thinking about just letting the film be about (Chadwick...and the ceremony from an (African community was very impactful and enjoying to watch.  only someone that connects to the culture would understand the connection of the film.  However! There's also a (Latino brother playing the villain,  which of course that the latin community will also connect with the (character..all i know is that if ur a (caucasian individually that doesn't have (black friends or a latino friend or hasn't shared fheir culture,  then obviously that ur not gonna connect with the movie entirely...as fars this YouTube channel goes,  this guy here is giving a bad review on this film because he'd doesn't connect with the culture like that, nor has he's shared any traditions with the (African community or latino as well... I'd believe that this film is not meant for everyone... i have a (white friend that connects with this movie, but that's because he's shared knowledge and traditions with the (african community and latino as well.
It's official bp2 is the worst movie ever made just crap to much cgi bad acting wrong name for movie should hav bean called woke feminist trannys from marval studios wot a joke
Ryan cuckler swung for the beta fences , I'm 100% positive  he not only hates white men l, he also hates our Latino brothers as well I've never been so disgusted with a marvel movie... and we had she hulk before this  and Thor love and thunder before that. Also they literally are trying to profit off of Chadwick Bozemans  death ...  the cgi sucks tranny nuts, they shut on Tony stark ( straight strong white male)  they shit on all males in this movie  Ryan cuckler has ruined all credibility all respect I have had for him in the past he not only ( did Chadwick Bozeman  a disservice by killing his character. He also made this shit show about his politics  strong wahhmen 1 white person who is taken into  custody by a blue haired libtarded bitch. They literally  made every SINGLE MAN a little bitch  never have I been so repulsed by a movie especially  a marvel movie.. I will Never go to see a marvel movie in theaters again
I disagree. Wakanda Forever connected with me on an emotional level. Namor was fire. The storyline was perfect. The movie was too short. Loved it!
Glad to know my wife and I weren't crazy in thinking this movie wasn't as good as the original, and was fairly messy. It certainly wasn't bad, especially for the hand they were dealt with Boseman's tragic passing. But yeah, we just didn't "feel it" the way we did with the first.
How did Shuri survive getting run through by that spear?  Killmonger died from a similar wound.
Wish this review had more on Tenoch Huerta and his performance. Which I think was easily the best part of this movie. His action sequence were insane as well. Good review, but disagree on the impact Namor had on the narrative. Killmonger was also excellent in the 1st, but I think it’s matched and honestly even surpassed by Namor in this film.
Mexican as the bad guy huh smh
People are really making this into something large when it isn't. It looks like a mediocre generic super hero movie. I think it'll be forgotton soon.
Grats on 2mill
Wakanda!!
complete garbage, hope it tanks
recent mcu movie not connected waste of time
I understand why someone like you doesn’t connect with Namor and his struggle, Coogler went full blown critique against colonialism, a white privileged movie critic of course didn’t get it. But believe me, lots of people in our third world country did. And we are proud of its message.
Was the movie from Africa?
As a Latino, I felt Namor’s anger and pain and appreciated his backstory too. He’s not even a villain. He’s just the antagonist.
Tbh, Lupita was caked up. What a great movie tho. Black Panther has been my favorite hero since I was 12 years old. When Chadwick died, I felt like my favorite superhero died. Ryan kept the mantle going. What a movie.
shill
I don’t think James Cameron has anything to were about in terms of spacial effects.
Let’s be candid, wasn’t a good film.
The fact that you didn't get Namor's arc is the clear example that you're white and obviously can relate to what us, Latinos feel, so Ryan did a very good job, because I did felt represented.
SPOILER: Can anyone tell me why Namor’s spear didn’t kill Shuri?
I think the movie was better than the first.  It was long but the right mix of drama and action and good pacing made it engaging.
Ryan Coogler wasn’t trying to make you FEEL anything for Namor. He was simply unfolding where Namors ideology extends from. A fear and belief that those not of his people are a parasite only built to destroy. Namor only know the world HE BUILT for his people. Namor has been their 1 and only king/god. Literally before he was born, he was claimed as the one to rule over their newly mutated people. It never once FELT like I was being sold emotion but rather sold an ideology. Namor is very much only concerned for his people because that’s where his ego lives. Much like Odin or Thor was with Asgard.
They gambled on this movie so why did'nt they just recast  the actor playing Tchalla??? Since they gambling on what the movie will turn out after the release. It could have been a better movie if they just recasted Tchalla. They already done recasting specially on the Hulk and it turned out well. Or they could have made a Animation or cgi movie havingTchalla dies , since MCU is already preparing for the next phase of young Avengers it will surely justify  shuri being the next black panther.
maybe becuase you white
Acting was great, except for Riri, and overall the movie felt well put together. However, I don’t like how the real villain of this film is the western world or more specifically white people. It’s like a movie celebrating specifically Black or Hispanic culture can’t be satisfying to those demographics unless they are sh*tting on white people in an on the nose way. Many members of the black community were even speaking out prior to opening weekend telling white people not to go on opening weekend so that they, the black community, could watch the movie ‘in peace’. Like, wtf is that supposed to mean?? I understand history is tragic and complicated but more has been done to lift the black community in the last 30-40 years by ‘the west’ than any other community in history. Stoking the flames of hatred and continuing to put unfair stereotypes on westerners, or more specifically white people, as a power hungry virus trying to steal everything in sight from oppressed communities may be cathartic in the short term but it’s not helping positive cohesion between communities at all.
I didn’t like Michael b Jordan in the first movie and I prefer namor over killmonger. The commentary on colonialism and its affect on the colonized is central to namor’s motivation and it seems to be lost on certain people
Not unfortunate. Replace the BP character and yeah this movie was worse than the first one and the first movie was shit
Chris Stuckmann didn’t grade this movie this time…..it’s mournful to watch anyway…..
I didn’t like this movie :/. Way too long. The new black panther isn’t convincing. I get the mountain of a task they were up against when having to remake this entire movie. But honestly, they should have just not made a black panther 2. Sadly, this movie is a 3.5/10
When you said at 4:54 that you didn’t connect with Namor’s background…. not surprised because you’re white and many white movie reviewers/critics keep saying this lol
Honestly, I found the movie to be extremely flat. No one had very engaging motivations, everyone seemed to do things because it was required (As a latin person, I felt Namor and *not atlantis* were entirely underutilized and basic and simplistic). And the emotional punch that WAS already there seemed neutered, somewhat overshadowed by the constant meandering actions that eventually lead nowhere.   More bearable than the trainwreck that Phase 4 movies have been, but not good at all.
Nokia (lupita) what as ass!!! Damn, she is gorgeous.
I liked namor more than the villain from the first movie
When did actors BECOME the characters they play? Boseman's T'Challa was in 4 total movies, 3 of them as a secondary/support character, he did a great job, but it would have made more sense to just recast T'Challa. Give another actor a chance to make their mark. Black Panther can survive the Thanos snap, but gets done in by a mysterious cause... nah, not interested.
Something different: I would really love to know what you think of the Rurouni Kenshin live action movies. I hope there will be reviews of them in the future!
hows the 3rd act? anyone? i dont have 3h. _JC
*they know for a FACT bast is real.* thr are some odd choices. a difficult situation. hard to say what any of use would do. & if they would even ALOW a re-cast. (which also would not have gone over gr8...) i think this may be a sacrificial film, to re-cast in the next.   & i forgive the woke nonsense everywhr bc latiia wright shuri is so heroic irl. _JC
Yo quiero “n’amor” pero, this movie talkie talkie too much. Release the 90 min cut!
Just got home from the theater now, and I think this is easily a top 10 movie for me. I just felt the emotion from all of these characters. To me it felt as if they were letting their real-life emotions shine through. It felt cathartic.
Was not expecting to see Michael B Jordan, his scene was great
Aside from the tributes to Chadwick the movie was Terrible..... they should have left his movie a stand alone film from the fist phase of avengers initiative..... he deserved better
Namor was heavily underpowered in this film compared to his rival.
I didn't find this movie boring. Thought it was really good. Not boring at all. Now the Batman, that movie was extremely boring at times and felt like four hours long. Just yeah not a great movie
I feel like, for the most recent MCU projetcs, and coming from a movie like Thor. BP is actually a very distinct and interesting change in tone. Not brilliantly done, but by not being a "joke fest", it felt different from the things being pumped by Marvel most recently. In that sense, Black Panther was a big W for me.
Shuri had big shoes to feel and she just couldn't do it. It was ok though. Agree 100% with your review
Super powerful Mayans could not stop the Spanish colonization, terrible world building, and there is vibranium all over the world
Namor stole the movie. hope he will appear more. Kang is powerful, and Namor could be useful. As Black panther was in Infinity war.
I don’t think anybody would actually criticize this film for fear of the social and professional backlash.
Cant believe Im about to comment this but this sequel, in my opinion was better than the first
Thanks Chris for the good words. we spent a lot of time at ILM really trying to make all the shots and water shots in the Wakanda City as good as possible. It was certainly really really hard. but we made it! Congrats the whole crew!
“Again and again the ones who want a Latino representation, don’t look to Hollywood for it.The rules of the game in America is to Oppress the Mexicans and minority to talk about how Dead, lost and broken their culture is. Sick and tired of Hollywood showing movies like this. The Source of Discrimination isn’t complicated History or flaws of humanity as a whole but consciously orchestrated by politicians and the Media. Complete shit!Thx Kevin Feige
This review was lacking.
Ppl are so gullible. This movie plays into every social issue today. Meanwhile the studios make gobs of money and none it actually positively impacts the ppl. Hell they could've donated proceeds to actually help African countries.
I'm white and couldn't relate to this movie.
Loved this movie
Where can I find those shelves in your room, they are amazing.
Was such a great movie. Accomplished so much and well done
“I never really connected with it.” Lmao I wonder why
my cynical ass kinda expected this to be a bit of a mess just due to tragic circumstances forcing marvels hand, but it seems to be getting really great reviews all around, glad to hear!!!
Movie was just way too much going on. Couldn’t get into it
Anyone else missing the review scores?
I enjoyed the film. I wanted longer fight scenes. I wanted to see the fights clearly. The ending went by so fast I didn't ha e time to really enjoy the fights. The Namor Black Panther fight was definitely too short. Nevertheless, Coogler did a great job.
I fell asleep in the cinema 5 times during the movie...
Disco is what now??
One things I loved THE MOST about this movie is that there is no romantic love interest!
You're better than this, Chris.
Skippable
But the Black Panther actor is dead, how can there even be a sequel 🤔
It would be awesome to read the script Koogler (sp) finished.
💩
I have to admit that I really enjoyed this movie!! Very good especially since they had to do this with the absence of Chadwick! We touch on some similar points. 🍿🍿🍿
The viewer definitely needs historical perspective of what occurred in Mexico in the 1500s in order to truly appreciate Namor's character. If the viewer is ignorant to historical events in Latin America then of course there will be no emotional connection. Unfortunately Coogler thought your average viewer would have basic education of world history. Perhaps they do outside of the United States.
Chris, I usually feel that your perspective and mine are fairly close on most things, but in this case I have to disagree on certain critiques you mention, particularly when it comes to the plot. You mention disconnection in your review and pacing, though as a professor of audio production and film editing, I have to disagree. For a film as long as this to maintain plot point progression in the manner to which it did, I have to say that each act of the film falls well within the scope of relative pacing based on TRT. I personally do not feel that this film felt long, in fact I never myself found a moment in the film that I felt was unnecessary. I feel the antagonist in this film in Namor was superior to that of Killmonger as it relates to development, design, and profession and the de-centralization of the protagonist perspective was refreshing, nuanced, and a positive departure from the stereotypical uni-dimensional narrative arc seen in many action films to date. I feel this film may well be Ryan’s most impressive work to date. Though this is only my perspective 😅.
Lost all respect for this looser!!! Too scared to review women king because all the controversies…FOH!!
Just came back from the theater and I personally loved this movie! I might say even more than the first one. They handled the loss of T'Challa in a beautiful way; the fight scenes and the cgi were SO much better this time around. And of course, the costumes and music remained excellent. Perhaps it's because I'm African, but I liked Namor a lot and I think it'll be the same for Latin Americans fans or any nation that has suffered from oppression (esp. colonization). Idk it might just feel easier to connect with him when the history of your country and culture have a similar elements ig. I'm definitely going to see this movie again.
I don't mind the runtime being 2 hr 40 mins.  If you take away tributes to Chadwick, you can easily shave off 15 min (beginning and the ending).  Then you are left with 2 hr 25 min, in which a good part of it is dedicated to the introduction of Namor and his deep ocean kingdom storyline.  I actually love the fact they spent a good amount of time on Namor's origin story.  This is a character who is likely to appear in the future MCU as well.  So to properly introduce an anti-hero character is the right way to do so (as opposed to how the last Thor movie rushed on Gorr's story... lol ).  I also like the fact they didn't rush to make Shuri a Black Panther.  It took almost two hours to finally see Shuri in a Black Panther suit.  They did a good job on the process (origin story) of Shuri to finally become the protector of Wakanda--mourning of her brother and vengeance on the death of her mother.  I would much rather they spend time on the story than rush to fit so much within a 2-hour time frame.
Watched lastnight....this sequel failed to  live up to the expectation of the original & yes, at some point..the movie started to get boring...only thing saved the movie was the lead acting & special fx...Namor as a villain is no where near Killmonger....this aint gonna reach a billion dollars at the box office at all.
As a Mexican-American, I smiled seeing and hearing Lupita speak Spanish sooooo fluently. Kinda sucked seeing Mexicans as the antagonists, but seeing their motives, they really weren't the villains. Overall, I really liked the film as a film and as a great tribute to Boseman. Well done.
My biggest compliant of this movie was all the CIA and broader MCU BS. If tightened the focus on Wakanda and the core cast, it would have really benefitted the film. Still good but, ironically, MCU stuff dragged downs this MCU film lol.
I feel like I’m the only person who really disliked this movie
The movie was way too pg how are they still not gonna have vibranium armor, paint, nanites, or something on the warships no vehicles of War force fields something, and the final fight scene was way too weak she had the perfect opportunity when he was walking away to rip his spinal column, rip out his carotid artery she was wearing vibranium claws wasn't she
Would be cool to get an animated version of the original film. What it would have been.
I agree, Namor backstory is very clear and well written, but it lacks emotional umpf. It needs to show emotional scene or show what happens if he doesnt do what he does. And imo those 20 mins that has been shaved can be put to this.
This movie was entertaining. It’s not the first, but at least the writers didn’t ruin the characters. They didn’t pull off a ‘Wonder Woman 2’ on us.
I really enjoyed this movie. It was very refreshing to see an MCU movie that had a serious tone with great acting. You could feel the struggles of the characters, you can feel real stakes, it didn’t feel like at the end of the day everyone is going to be ok. There was a lot that needed to be overcome. The acting was amazing.
6:44 Actually, I'm finding that story as a wasted opportunity, as that aspect of grief was really over the top, and not consist with the MCU we know.  We lost half of the humanity (including T'Challa) during the Infinity war, and regardless of the tragedy, story and action wasn't compromised much.
Chris you are the best film critic on YouTube and pretty much one of the only reasonable ones.
This movie is boring and bad. I fell asleep watching it. Almost no reviewers has the balls to say this movie is bad. It is bad
The movie was surprisingly good imo Went in with low expectations and ended up enjoying it quite abit Definitely better than majority of the phase 4 stuff
SPOILER!!!!!!!!!!!      I just have huge problems with riri. I didnt like her at all. She pays no homage to tony though she doesn’t have too. Her suits unfortunately look terrible. She comes off as a brat, an unlikable brat. I loved the initial direction shuri had. Her anti hero decent. But they 180 turned her character at the last second which was infuriating. She was so HELL bent on revenge kinda like peter was in spider no way home. She strong armed M'Baku  into helping! She fought through the pain of being pierced to flip in front of kukulkan and roast him alive. Then she goes for the kill. In spiderman peter had Toby Maguire spiderman to physically stop him. Shuri then backs off her revenge pedestal to sue for peace? Are you kidding me! I would have much rather see her kill then live with the regret then anything else. Killmonger carried the movie with his one scene more then anything else in this movie. Michael B Jordan Killmonger commands respect in every second he o  screen. I didnt expect his cameo and i fully appreciated it. But thats my rant
Due to political reasons this film could have literally been a black guy taking a shit and it still would have got great reviews.
Watched the movie last night. It was really good. Long movie but the build up was great.
The worst movie I'd say,  avatars in a aquaman world fighting the crying babies of wakanda among the power rangers
Why does BP feel the pain of the punch even she has a vibranium armor?
I wanted Killmonger to have more of a role in this movie.
I find it crazy when I see people say they should have just recast Chadwick.
The first Black panther is way better then black panther 2 Wakanda forever i dont care about the women empowerment and feminism in this movie it cant never take Chadwick Boseman place of black panther its odd not seeing black panther i couldn't get into the movie
Well made movie..Demasculated the men..Look like Woman King on steroids..I  guess there wasn't any strong men in Wakanda after Chad W.  Died..
The movie was 😪😴
I definitely agree that it could have used some trimming and rearranging to tighten the narrative up. My biggest issues outside of the poorly paced exposition around Namor were the sidelining of M’Baku for a lot of the runtime and the Everett Ross plot line feeling largely disconnected from the rest of the movie, but when the movie is focused on having the central characters (Shuri and Ramonda in particular) try to make sense of T’Challa’s loss it really hits home
Totally agree with every part of this review. I like the construct of the bad guy but just didn’t emotionally connect. Also didn’t like how the conflict was resolved at the end.
Im just here to comment how absurdly hot Lupita is
Bro you trippin this movie was 🔥 🔥 🔥
Namor was the best thing about Wakanda forever. Shuri wasn't enough and I couldn't buy into her brooding. Iron heart..... She might as well been calling folks soul brotha and jive turkeys! I would have rather seen mbaku and okoya share the load of the black panther with shuri and have 3 black panthers. That may be a reach, but so was shuri playing her role
No sentiste el personaje de NAMOR simplemente por qué no eres o no tienes la mínima idea de la historia en Latinoamérica, pero en lo personal como Mexicano, cómo latino me gustó y me encantó la historia ver esos "Flashbacks" me hicieron llorar y que la piel se me hiciera de gallina, es parte de nuestra historia como nuestros antepasados fueron desterrados de sus tierras, creencias y fueron esclavizados por los conquistadores. Me gustó demaciado la película y será un clásico.
Best review so far on YouTube not a click bait narrative a real breakdown that analyzes the movie for what it is and not acting like a fan girl or boy 🙌🏿
I consider this SIGNIFICANTLY better than BP1. This movie is one of the rare sequels better than the original. My only fault with this movie, is they could have gotten another hour out of this movie if they approached the background of namor with less dialogue and more actual showing. Unfortunately that would have been too long a movie so its understandable.
I see what they were trying to do…I just didn’t connect with Namor…I loved the Mayan background change for the character…I mean his people looked happy..prosperous…so you want to kill a little girl??? Go to war with the Wakandans???
The more time passes the more I hate Mat Reeve's batman.
Pretty good👍👍👍
I personally adored Namor in Black Panther. I loved this movie 10/10
Movie was mid 6/10
This movie has made sure there wont be another one,
As always, appreciate the honest take. There is such an oversaturated super hero pool that genuine unbiased analysis is hard to come by.
Thank you for a very fair review. I liked the 1st movie more, but this was still a very beautiful film. I 100% agree with you about Angela Bassett. Her performance was amazing. Likewise, I liked the inclusion of Latino/a culture and the fact they didn't make Namor one dimensional. He is not some megalomaniac bent on world domination. He only wanted to attack the surface world because his world got provoked. Overall I give the movie a B-.
Although you're clearly mistaken about Wright's screen presence (especially compared to that of Bassett, Duke and MBJ), the "right" choice of not recasting (which Chadwick Boseman would absolutely be in favor of) and James Cameron reacting with anything but a sly smirk, indifference or throwing up in his mouth, your review is far less shilly and more nuanced than I expected. Kudos to you.
Woke BS…..
Is this a review or  white virtue signaler showing off?
I have to disagree somewhat about the villain. I think Namor was a excellent villain especially compared to other recent ones in the mcu. Yes he wasn't as great as killmonger but that's a high bar. But even just the threat of him and the talokans taking out wakanda freaking WAKANDA was villainous enough. I felt though if not for Chadwick Bosemans death what we would have got would have been way more with him as tchalla. But the direction they had to go in was still good considering the circumstances that I think will make people see this as a great movie like with furious 7 when Paul Walker passed. Though I could see why people will dislike or hate wakanda forever due to social  political bs but whatever.
I think the main reason Namor worked less for me then Killmonger is that he’s played to stoic to the point I couldn’t really connect with his motivations compared to Killmonger
Damn, this was an interesting review. I found this movie 2Xs better than the first movie. I felt the story was much better and I think Neymar was phenomenal. He wasn’t even set up as a bad guy imo. Just a person looking to protect his people at all cost. I do believe Angela basset deserves an Oscar nod for this performance. I was almost moved to tears twice. I honestly wish the movie was longer and I thought everything tied together beautifully
yeah .. so right .. Suri should maintain as a supporting character.. not as Black Panther
Worst movie. I've never wanted to walk out a movie ever in my life. I couldn't stop yawning and even played on my phone during the movie. Only 1 person clapped
I like how Namur was bisexual in this
I personally really liked this film. Didn't really connect with the first one (thought it was kinda boring), but this one really worked.
Just say the word boring because that is how you described it
The real reviews are coming out and telling the truth that it just isn't good. Even the comments liking it are cookie cutter or written in ways normal people don't talk.  No one talks about this movie at the comic shop.  The amount of agenda pushing for the next phase......Hahahahaha.
I figured your review would state u csnt relate to Namor story. I know all my friends of native decent when I spoke to them felt the same way I felt about kilmonger. Esp when it came to them speaking the Mayan language instead if Spanish.
I'm on the fence about this movie I didn't really like the eternals and Shang chi and didn't like she hulk and Mrs marvel..MCU is such a mess right now
Movie sucked
Shill
Finally a movie that shows a great person who happens to be a woman, instead of that She-Hulk trying to shove woman is great bs. Its been a while.
5/10
In response to some of the replies I'm seeing, it's just racist BS to assume that because a poc or minority may relate more to a plot centering their identity, that automatically makes their enjoyment of the film "not objective", when something like enjoyment is inherently subjective. You may just value an aspect of a film that someone else doesn't.  For example, I value stories reflecting underrepresented identities, cool action scenes, and believable acting and character motivations. This movie hit all those marks for me, so I think it's a good movie. But someone else may have felt that the characters were not believable or that the film needed more action, and that's fine, because ultimately it's an opinion.  Back in the day, people thought that a seconds long clip of a dude riding a horse was the greatest film they'd ever seen. The quality of any art, including film, only depends on how we perceive it, and that perception is inherently subjective.
How boring this guy talks kills me
Honestly, this film is way overrated...is flat, boring and dumb
Movie was horrible, should’ve recasted Bp or waited till a better option came up but it was just like most marvel movies nowadays corny ass jokes all over the place and a lot of political agendas
This movie isn’t getting anywhere near the Oscar’s…
Mbaku took the throne at the end and noone took notice shuri went to stay with her sister
LMFAO, Nobody in this movie will ever be nominated for an Oscar.
Just watched the film this afternoon. Legit made me cry, not only thinking about Chadwick and seeing some of his scenes in flashbacks, but in empathizing with Shuri's pain and struggle through the grieving process. It just hits home and it's hard not to get emotional, especially as someone who's super close to their sibling and couldn't imagine losing them. On top of that, I thought the movie was great in terms of visuals, plot, the antagonists, the action and fighting scenes, especially as someone who went to school for animation and vfx
The movie was average
The stakes are incredibly low. It’s hard to become invested in a story and the idea of Namor as a villain when there are no consequences whatsoever. Everyone knew Wakanda wasn’t going to fall, or that no notable characters were going to die, or suffer any tragedy that could be used as character development. This saps the life out of the movie, and makes it seem pointless.
I thought anyone not a dark brown was allowed to go see the movie
okkkkkk can we fking get over his death! the joker, batman etc changed actors allll the time! they should of recast T-Challa and that it! that movie was SOOOO BAD AND LONGGGGGG shuri didnt work at all!
Lol with all the latins in here connecting with Namors character…….. Smh….. Its not the original version…. Namor is Roman in backwards….. But you guys are so connected…… im Latin and this crapp is wack… I will still see the movie and see if I connect like you guys…… 😒
I give this movie 6 hotdogs 🌭
This whole movie was such a beautiful rumination on grief, anger, and love. So much more of a 'film' than most by the numbers superhero crap we see these days. It was challenging, ambitious, and nuanced. It had its flaws for sure but the execution, cinematography, emotional arc, and the score far surpassed the flaws.
This is one of the first time I disagree with you, I loved the movie especially dealing with the Mayan backstories and understanding what the Spaniards did to México. I thought it was perfectly paced, and the I’m happy it ran long, I never felt bored or uninterested. However I understand why you didn’t like it as much. I grow up with my parents telling me stories about what happen to the Mayans, it hits home for me. Especially here in the United States we are mostly told history from its past not the neighboring countries past. I love this movie and I would give it a 9/10. Puro México 🇲🇽
Saw the movie and it's alright nothing to really go crazy over. However I will say that Ryan Coogler who was given a filmmakers nightmare of rewriting and working on a popular superhero movie sequel without its main lead and find a way too make it work without recasting. That right there is impressive. Imagine if this movie had been made the way it was originally planned. Movie of the year contender without question.
Neymor was never suppose to be the villain. As a black man watching movie in a latino community in TX. I felt for him. I think some cultural bias played into your interpretation.
I haven’t watched s review if yours in years. What happened to your voice, it's dropped several octaves??
What a shit fest
This movie is dead  Marvel should’ve replaced Chadwick Boseman black panther
This movie is dead  Marvel should’ve replaced Chadwick Boseman black panther
BRING BACK HILAROCITY
Who made this guy a professional reviewer?
GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME!
The worst piece of drek Hollywood has pooped out in the last couple years.
As a Latino and Mexican I felt what Namor was fighting for.
Glad you like the movie. Personally, I neither love it or hate it. It's just not my cup of tea..and I hadn't even watched the first movie either. The movie is waaay longer than it needs to be. Thus, the title fits the running time of the movie. Here's a question for you, why is the movie named WAKANDA FOREVER?..-- because it takes what seems like an eternity for this movie to end  😂 😄
I loved the origin story of namor. It felt original and mixed beautifully with the lore of the MCU
I respect the movie but it doesn't add up to the original comic book no disrespect to Chadwick boseman but they gonna have to keep this movie going and find a new black panther
I find it Ironic, funny, and sad that the Mexicans(Latinos) here are saying that they feel Namor's struggle as if his story happened to them, I think you guys forgot that it was the Spanish that conquered the Mayans lol.  You were their invaders, you were not them unless, of course, you are one of the 6 Million Mayan descendants! Edit: By the way, Mayans are NOT latinos, they are Native Americans.
Overrated won’t pay a dollar to see this movie.
This was EPIC! The foe was formidable, the conversations were impactful, there was sooooo much more action, the outfits were banging, this had sad moments yes, but it wasn't a sad movie, they did CB so proud, the heart was there, tastefully done and Shuri in conflict with herself, it was wonderful and Namor's people looked extremely cool! The score was weaker and the marketing was better on first. The French being the hypocrites and them going to Haiti with real Haitians speaking Creole, none of that fake stuff and T'Challa's son being named after a Haitian revolutionary liberator, I was all the way here for this sequel. It was soooo good.  I can't wait to buy the blu-ray!!!!
Actually yes, reading through these comments it's clear to see that the majority of the people that liked the film did so because of 'representation' rather than the merit of the movie. Some of you are easy to please.
The movie was awful. It jumped around aimlessly and the main characters weren't congruent with their own traits. In all honesty, this was aimed at an audience that despises white culture and it seemingly hoped to capitalise on that ideology. There was not a single white nor male human in this film that was either competent or 'good', and in order to find this movie entertaining, you'd have to be anaesthetised by the bias towards your own politics. If a neutrally political alien arrived on earth and saw this film, they would've been bored out of their minds and would decide to wipe out humanity halfway through the screening.
Honest, I don't know if I agree or disagree.  All I know is you're honest!  Some people would pacify their true opinion because how people feel about Chad.
I think they should've recast Chad's role and for that reason I will not be seeing it in theatres🤷‍♀️
SO DUMB… Namor had her beat with a spear through her freakin STOMACH…. Yet she will win??? Garbage
I personally found the movie to kind of drag and it was hard to feel the emotion that I think I was intended to feel. Props for them trying their best, but this one didn’t do it for me.
I liked it but I have to admit that I got bored with the "Punchie Stuff." I loved the emotional story. The family, the friends, the love, the pain, the loss and the Legacy. I honestly think I'm just burned out with the action portions of these films. Take Black Adam for example. Nothing but non stop action that requires no thought and far too predictable with cheesy sentimental monologues and villainous cliches. Granted Marvel offers more story and emotion as where DC offers mostly explosions and death but I need history. I need character growth. I like that we got so much of both in this. The action was pretty good but again... Getting bored. Still, I'm eager to see Shuri's journey for the next chapter.
I think Namors pressence emphazied the message of what happens to indigenous people and the stuggle that minorites have had with others taking over their land. As a person of color and a person who has explored the colonization of others, I disagree when saying that his story was hard to follow. I ressonate with the feeling of wanting the world to burn because of what they did to his ancestors. There was more to this movie than what was in the marvel comics and ryan chose to exemplify that
I find it really ironic that shows like rings of power and House of the Dragon have to insert people of color to make things politically a correct and because "people don't want to see only white people on screen" But when I go see Black Panther there's not a single white Wakandan. I guess this is what progress looks like.
Stuckmann sells out. Took long enough.
MORE HOLLYWEIRD WOKE GARBAGE.
white people never empathizes anyone :D
Chris marveltard alert
Spent way too much time apologizing for what the director had to go through, we thrive through adversity, or.. we end up making an average movie.
Did no one else think it was weird that Riri Williams killed all of those innocent cops?
From my Mom: not my Namor. I don't know what the hell that was.
Perhaps you never felt a villainous presence from Namor because he wasn't a villain? A bit of an antagonist, yes, most certainly,...but never once did I ever get the impression that he was a villain. From where I sat, the movie basically confirmed this. Just my 2¢.
This movie managed to make me shed tears in just the first scene I didn't realize I missed Chadwick that much
I loved the movie it was a tone we needed I'm the MCU
The more I think about this movie the more I think about what this movie could have been and I become more and more disappointed!
I love the revelation in the movie where we learn that Wakandans actually  went into hiding because they were scared of becoming enslaved by The Woman King.
Displate eh? Hell, why not.
I don't like the: Lets protect this character we don't know but lets still kill a bunch of other people we don't. Example: all the police they kill while escaping with the girl.
I liked the fact that Suri and Namor kinda have the same  back story. They are both driven  by their losses
for me Angela Bassett was the stand out character, af far as acting and also looks.. amazing
couldn't pay me to watch this woke trash....
lol what a joke and the movie is a joke its crap fact go woke go broke
Wakanda forever was way better than the first movie
I love the first Black panther movie but I'm sorry when they chose this actress to replace him who posted anti-vaxxer and propaganda I'm not going to support a film who will have her in it
I used to love your reviews.  My dead grandma has more  charisma tho
I’m very surprised you didn’t feel anything for Namor, he was an absolute star in this movie and was an Anti Hero. He was not a villain   Maybe you went into this pretty logical, I’ll sound harsh, but this was like a white mans take. You didn’t resonate or connect emotionally. I get it. I completely resonated and understood his pain and struggles. I thought the actor portrayed him perfectly. Happy Latino people have representation and he was a compelling character.  Letitia Wright was astounding and turned from a supporting character to a leading actress. Well done   Great performance, not perfect, but had a lot of heart, incredible performances, action and writing. I’d probably say the weakest link was riri Williams, sadly I thought her performance was weak and she didn’t really need to be in this film. I just thought the casting choice was poor and she wasn’t believable at all. Close to always taking me out of the film, compared to the acting talent around her.  Still, great film. Some of the criticisms have focused silly technicalities ( ign reviewer said the climax fight was tactically stupid, it’s a comic movie ffs). But coogler did an excellent job and I like how you contextualised the review. Great work as per
pandering to woke mob. might as well be a npc. This movie was underwhelming at best
Another bullshit puff piece, Stuckmann you either fell off, or got bought by the Mouse House.  This movie sucked.
Stuckman has to shill for this terrible movie 😂😂😂
RIP Chadwick Boseman. 😔
Way to suck up to Disney and Marvel. Your credibility is going out the window. This was just an ok movie nothing else. There were times people actually slept in theaters.
So another directionless marvel phase 4 project that preaches straight white male is the bad guy.  Skipping this for sure.
4:45 spoken like a true colonizer
The fucking movie is trash..  lets all be honest here.
Never trust some who pay to say lie...
People are scared to bash this terrible movie, I’m gen-x , we are brutally honest and this Movie is sooo bad.
Idk if anyone else had issues with how dark a good chunk of the scenes were but it killed the vibe for me every time a scene was remotely dim or dark.
a few really good actors wasted on this woke shite.
More of the same. 110 lb women beat up all the men and are the heros. Some of the acting was really bad as was some of the dialouge. One girl's name is ReeRee talks about being ashy. Who wrote that script?
I thought the movie was extremely bad. I mean, love and thunder bad.
Likes this less than the first? I remember this guy didn’t really like the 1st movie so much.
Was I the only one that fell asleep??? This movie sucked!
Ity wasn't very good, Chris... the loss is great, I'll grant that. But the film? mediocre, at BEST. - Keep shilling, though.  -- As far as it goes -- I watch your reviews as a LAST resort, as you've become cringe. Bleh.
I definitely liked this movie more than the original. I felt the real villains of the movie were the antagonists that the Queen addresses in the opening sequences of the movie. Namor was a great character I identified strongly with. I'd say a few of his warriors represent actual villains. Namor wasn't wrong and perhaps could have been talked down a bit but his people were in danger nonetheless. I also really liked Ironheart's role as it was a sufficient catalyst for the entire film. Also, the CIA agent made much more sense in this film than in the first. He was in it a bit much but where I didn't like him in the first movie at all I at least appreciated him as a way to get some insight into a few of the actual villains of the movie.
Is Chris KLU KLUX KLAN or just a Nazi black people just wondering?
Wakanda Forever was serviceable/average. Some of the action was typical Avenger's style CGI battle. Also, too many female co-stars. Not the best Marvel film, but a good enough follow-up to Black Panther. Overall, they paid tribute to the unfortunate passing of Chadwick Boseman.
First movie was really good but I can't believe I am saying this but second one is better for ONE reason. CGI is 100 Times better! I mean it's perfection. Prior to release I said CGI must be on scale of Man of Steel to be huge success and CGI was rock solid especially during Black Panther fight scenes it. Score is perfection also. T
Disney milking death
I think Latinos can for SURE feel what Namor feels and feel for his character. His backstory in this version is tragic and he definitely portrayed it so well.
The big booty Latino saved this film. God was it boring.
Watched it last night. Went in dreading no Tchalla and what they would do. But they did a good job TBH. Could have shaved about 30mins of the movie? Namor a Mayan was cool! 8/10 I still feel it would of been a way better movie with Tchalla recast IMO
Have to disagree with Chris this was far better than the first one. Namor was amazing
The first movie is about a society who believes they are superior hords life saving technology and builds a wall to keep out the undesirables ruled by a dictator disguised as a Monarch in a Cast system tribes ,overall it was a dystopian movie
Huge expectation but the movie was good hoping we can get 3rd one more interesting story
Namor was amazing I thought this film was better than the first one. It just had more time to develop  compared to the first one.
IMO Namor/Tenoch was AMAZING! A true representation of an antihero and really stuck with his comic personality! A very well translated comic book character
IMO Namir/Tenoch was AMAZING! A true representation of an antihero and really stuck with his comic personality! A very well translated comic book character
I absolutely love this version of Namor. Inspired by Latin American mythology was fantastic. As a Latino myself I felt connected and I couldn't stop smiling.
Unfortunately, Chris's reviews can't really be taken seriously anymore.
Really not sure how the “things” that happened to Namor didn’t seem as “real” or as “vital”. It can be readily understood that he comes from indigenous people, and we all know the story of European colonizers decimating their people. So the story is already built in and readily identifiable, and when he returns and sees his people enslaved… you see why he mistrusts the outside world. For the world to now see that there’s vibranium under the water, in his eyes, puts his people on mass extinction level high alert.
WOKANDA FOR NEVER!!!!!
You say you like the first one better and for me the first one was trash so nvm I'm not watching this movie, thank you.
sounds like a funeral  no thanks
Am I the only one who was bored watching this movie 🥱
White man didn't connect with namor.
Bro shuri had to become a villain. That would fit better
To be fair most of the ethnic audience especially black ppl like myself in the theater got hit hard with the emotional beats. You either get it or you don't.
This movie arguably was better than the first. I enjoyed it & loved how they played into shuri character, like her strategy in fighting & all
5:15 great job exactly, omg yea... it’s not boring at all, he truly tells a story and we get a full movie about the characters. Omg
I really enjoyed this movie and frankly thought it was better than the original. But I agree the run time needed to be trimmed up a bit.
I enjoyed this one more than the first. If I would give the first a 7/10, this would be a solid 8/10. Definitely prefer Namor over Killmonger. The action and back stories were great albeit too slow motion towards the end. The logic of the story is better than the first, and I liked the connection to the rest of the MCU and the decent send off of Chadwick 💜
Metroid, RiRi .....yep. Nice looking movie...good action. Terrible storytelling. confusing motivation for Namor. Terrible midcredits
I felt Namor was a much better villan than Killmonger. He's a reflection of Shuri. Namor had just as much presence and charisma as Killmonger.
I was thinking about James Camerons angst when watching this too lol
I really like Michael B. Jordan, I think he's a great actor in just about everything I've seen him in.. except Black Panther. His big dumb bad guy bravado never jived with the intelligence that they were trying to portray him to have. There was absolutely nothing special about the first Black Panther movie. Yes, Chadwick Boseman and Angela Bassett were very good, but that's to be expected, they're both incredible actors. I'm sorry, I just don't understand the love that people have for that overwhelmingly okay film.
A better film than the first. It feels less rushed. So much more thought and detail put into it.
The Black Panther is not the strongest being on the surface world like Namor said. That would be The Hulk, She-Hulk or Thor if they still reside there. Or Scarlet Witch if she's still alive.   Maybe Strange is a contender too but he kind of lives everywhere.  Anyway. What would Namor know. I think Black Panther is the only Avenger we know he knows of.
It was smart of Marvel to make Fontaine Everett K Ross's ex Wife. Plus including her in this heloed flesh her out a bit more for me. I didn't like her cameo in Black Widow and I forgot what she brought to Falcon & Winter Soldier.
The fact they pulled this movie off--Coogler, actors, production--considering the passing of Boseman is just insane. I will happily watch this movie regardless of how good or bad it is just for the fact of the effort put into it while dealing with such a tragedy.
I get it Disney is after that woke money pandering this much but let's cut the crap... The first black panther movie was a hit and honestly didn't need a sequel. Black Panther is already an Avenger (but needed a recast understandably) and these new Marvel movies have all been low quality in terms of writing/creativity. Disney is stretching the Marvel franchise too thin, too quickly and it shows in the decline of their products... Just pretend the universe wrapped up neatly after Endgame and let it rest...
Chris is racist for not saying that this is the best movie Ever!!!
What an insult this movie is to hispanic heritage.   This is nothing but a pathetic money grab capitalizing off of Chadwick's name.  Ironhearts armor is god awful and once again the CGI is pathetic.  They turned my people's brown skin BLUE.  WTF...  Never again Marvel, your dead to me.
My man crush on you is still strong.   Tar reveiw was on point.  Dont like, tell my Gf.
Well Chris evidently I am not allowed to go see this movie this weekend
What’s up with the 3 soldiers who were killed then came back to life
Honesty. Respect, bro. Thanks!
I liked it more than the first, It was so much more fun of a watch. Maybe being Mexican and seeing a part of Latino culture being an integral part of this movie made it that much more better for myself. I connected to this movie in ways I didn’t think I would. I completely connected with Namor and his trauma and struggle, sad that it won’t be the same for others.
Only BETA males liked this film.
4:14 water grenades? Water? Grenades?  What? The fact you said that without bursting into uncontrollable laughter shows how far things have fallen.
I've heard Ironheart is an awful character, killing innocent people with no remorse or even punishment for her actions.
Lol people still watch this fuc boi for opinions 😂 wokeanda with a woke reviewer and a simp audience 😂 🤪🤪
A financial disaster
Watched it last night. I understand they didn't have Chadwick Boseman, but they could've done better than this...
The actors did great they played their roles well. But what happened? The movie is not that good. Its a huge tribute to Chadwick but I feel like they really reminded the audience of that every 2 seconds.
Just came out of the theater it was amazing emotional and also could be funny namor was amazing and the post credit scene the only problem was with the fbi agent stuff which went nowhere but Dominique made me prepared for her show he is hilarious at moments also love how the jokes aren't just out of nowhere and they were actually funny like bald headed demon or you need to be conscious on the way that you look walking around here with all the ash on yo head
This movie is basically 5 stages of grief
What I decided to do for this movie and what I've decided to do with most of the anticipated movies coming out is not watch trailers and not watch reviews because I want to go into the film completely unbiased with no previous opinions from others, because it is so easy to see a review and have then already made up your mind about the movie. I didn't watch this review even before watching the movie and the only trailer I watched for the movie was the very first teaser that came out, I just didn't want anything spoiled. I do agree that the movie was a bit long but I honestly didn't notice is that much. I liked it and I think Ryan did an amazing job with the cards he was dealt. And the tribute to Chadwick, especially at the end of the movie was absolutely beautiful. Very well done.
AMC to the moon. 4 stars!!
Chris, ur a white person and Namor wasn't a villain.
I’m glad you’re not one of those white reviewers that bashed and complains about anything “woke” with Black people.
Lmao, this NPCs
Its a boring movie.Mid.6/10
Ok so this guy isn't a real comic mcu fan. The name of the character isn't pronounced like that. It's more Spanish.  This movie was trash. No black panther at all this was a woman movie a horrible waste of 3 hours. And I don't recommend seeing it.  The director is trash the cgi is worse that she hulk
The shilling is cringe as usual
i loved this movie, and the haters  can eat me
Lots of right-wing nazi white supremists are but hurt because racism reasons about this film. Or like fake leftist Mr. H Reviews being a crypto-conservative.
It was crap.
Lol Michael b Jordan’s acting was horrible in the first movie
I'm here to watch a soy boy boot lick a woke ass black movie because he's afraid of getting cancelled lol
I really think that manor was freaking great your tripping. I think he was really fleshed out and well acted. I guess it’s bc I’m a first generation Mexican I guess I have a greater understanding of the oppression but whatever I guess in this nation it is evident that the Hispanic community is very unrecognized whatever I guess this actor was great come on. Think about people who were here before the colonizers they screwed up their way of living pretty big deal I’m disappointed in your opinion maybe if you were exposed or saw Mexico and peoples way of living you would understand
I’m sorry but we indigenous people do know what it’s like for Namor and perhaps that’s why you don’t get it. But it doesn’t mean that part is bad. It just means you have the privilege to not understand.
Of all the YouTube movie critics, my tastes most closely align with Chris', but this is one where we disagree slightly. I liked Wakanda Forever WAY more than the first Black Panther. Killmonger never "did it" for me, even with Michael B Jordan's brilliant performance. The character came across as an angry, vengeful narcissist who used a veneer of righteous oppression to justify his self serving, power hungry acts. I did compare Namor to him... but that made Namor look better to me. Namor struck me as actually being the person Killmonger was pretending to be. Overall, both good movies with great performances, but I prefer Wakanda Forever.
I kinda disagree i with you about Namor, yes killmonger was amazing but he never instilled a real sense of fear or terror like the whole run time of black Panther you know tchalla is gonna beat him but namor felt more real in the sense that he’d do anything to protect his people which makes him wild and unpredictable
Highly anticipated?.... LOL 🤣🤣🤣 by those same ppl whom tried to book a holiday there?.. 😅 And could've just hired different actor like they did in Spartacus...
Namor wasn’t a baddie in my eyes … they were simply trying to protect their home
Better than the first movie.
The clear message I took from this was: Monarchies are great! Who needs democracy when you can have aristocracies?
6/10 movie at best
Michael B. Jordan showing up in this film just reminded me how good the original Black Panther movie was and that this movie is not.
This movie was terrible actually.. not nearly as good as the first one, these reviews are just terrified of criticizing this film for fear of blowback
I literally hated Michael B Jordans Killmonger, I just couldn’t buy his performance
Angela basset deserves an Oscar. She was amazing!!!! And shout out to her for holding her breath underwater for a long period of time at 64 yrs old. She is the goat. Great movie.
When they screwed up and not recast T'Challa, I knew that BP2 was not going to be as good. Knowing the long history T'Challa has with Namor, for them to kill off the character was incredibly dumb.
This one is definitely better than the first
No grades?
I cant believe at this point mcu shills are still a thing.
I really liked how well Mayan mythology is portrayed. Kukulcán is an awesome character (which is the same God than Quetzalcoatl).  This is the first complex Latino character in the MCU , and it makes me feel seen. I’m a US citizen who was born in Mexico and raised hearing about Aztec and Mayan mythology.
oh shit he cursed, that means hes serious.
I really love how serious the film is. It’s what it had to be given the circumstances.
Black panther should have been recast and not all this emotional attempts to get people to watch the movie. Slow burn movies are ok if your not an action person but the then marvel movies aren’t supposed to be slow burn but more action, this is the reason for the slow burn drop off of marvel viewers. Thanks for your review, I’ll wait for the Disney + release.
I really liked all the part of the movie where there is a flash-back which would usually have a music, completely silent to make you remember that the movie is about the loss of à member of the family and not just your usual hero movie, they really made à masterpiece despite having to deal with the death of à friend, thats what make that movie so special to me, its à goodbye to à friend
People acting like Wakanda is a real place and that this movie is for black people. 🤣🤦‍♂
Que viva los latinos!!!
@ChrisStuckmann First time seeing any of your content but I really dig your analysis and presentation. Well done.
Definintely a big drop-off in quality with this film.
2022
So, Namor Loses, No Doctor Doom On After Credits Scene, No Kang, No FF, ... Shit Movie, Period
I just watched this and I wish I'd had an energy drink as this felt longer then Heavens Gate in a hot room at dusk, I litrally started to nod off watching this movie that should have had at least 40 minutes edited out
I think...especially as a fan of film Critics and the YouTube space AND being a fan of Stuckman...that I need to get my own channel and start a film reviews. Respect your perspective. This was a great review. But I feel an aspect of Namor's character was lost on a lot of people.
I do agree we didn’t get a true emotional connection to Namor and his backstory, but as the antagonist they did a good job of allowing us to understand his motivations, and that’s the least I can ask for from a villain
First of all LOVED the movie, but one of the biggest things I appreciated was the fact that it was the first marvel movie in a loooong time that wasn’t jokes on jokes on jokes
It was like watching a bunch of girl looking dudes. I'm mean the story line was off the chain but strong women don't always have to be masculine. RIP Chad! (Only 3 feminine women through the whole movie)
Thank you! An intelligent honest review! No bitching moaning or crying about the movie being "woke" or about women replacing men in the movie! It's a review about the MOVIE! Not politics. Again thank you Chris. You're the consumante professional.
According to the woke black activist on tik tok, you're a racist towards blacks for watching this movie on the opening weekend to see black panther wakanda forever. You're supposed to give your ticket to a poor black person and block the door so that blacks will watch this movie in peace.
First time disagreeing with you. As a Latino I thought Namor was AMAZING! Favorite part of the film
Spoken like a true sell outChis
Did he meant to say Spiderman 3 or Playstation 3?
Could you pretty please do a Spoiler talk for this movie 🥺
While this is a good review… white man says he can’t connect with the backstory of “I saw slavery and I realized the surface was inherently evil” is pretty hilarious tbh. This is part of my problem with, and yes I’m about to say it, the white straight cis male audience having the largest voice this phase. Most of these story beats and plot lines were not made for them, and if they can’t connect, it’s not on the film. It’s on them for not being connected enough with the real world. A boy born underwater, never seeing the surface before burying his mother and immediately witnessing people who look like him being whipped and moved around in chains… kinda seems like the type of thing where even if you don’t feel for the character, you understand his motivation. But then again, white people love to deflect when slavery is brought up so I’m not surprised. It’s a solid 9, bordering on a 10, for me. Very grounded and well written characters, very beautiful shots and direction, cgi wasn’t appalling (which I know is a low bar but it’s Hollywood in the year 2022, cgi is either distracting or unnoticeable, and here it was leaning towards the latter with a few exceptions), plot I felt was pretty tight, could’ve maybe done without Ross, but I liked how it was setting up more of Val’s new role going forward and I mean, Martin Freeman is so good, Dr. Watson is never gonna make me angry. Felt the run time but it didn’t weigh on me as much as it probably would have had it been a quick hour and 45 minutes. The extra hour allowed for the story to breathe, and I think that’s important.
You called her LETISHA wright… it’s Letitia
As a Latino I had the opposite reaction to Namor. I connected with him and his story deeply. That precisely was my favorite part.
Best marvel movie in a long time
Terrible movie....4.5/10
Shuri becoming a black panther is just forcing it, killmonger or jabari is much more a leader , haven't we got enough of female superhero ? I get the girl power, feminism and all that but marvel has becoming more like a Charlie's angel. soon all the superhero will be female while all the male superhero either going cuckoo goofy or aliens ( Thor & hulk )
I wouldn't say Namor was the villain. I think the villain was, in a sense, moving forward. Letting go of the past and not letting the clouded mind take her through a grim path.
The most stupid movie, now we got bald headed women as heroes, buy a damn wig so you won't look like a man!!!!
Video starts at 1:30 btw.
tf was baby mm doing at the end ...her fighting was she jumped up in place turn to the right turn to the left THATS IT WTF.....smh at this weak chit....29 mins of FIGHTING n a 3 hr movie...
this movie's piece of s*** the direction of this movie is trans to special effects his trash look at the last fight scene look at the background actors everyone just standing around with only the two people in the central of the screen is fighting and then when they fighting they just swinging an ax or whatever they fight for three seconds it's done but then they play the music that they're supposed to get your hyped up this movie was so disappointing this movie was so weak this movie was so on the budget movies so disappointed in Marvel just trying to make money off a black people and their emotions I'm done with Marvel DC rules Black Adam the best movie of the year
I don’t get how Namor’s background didn’t feel real. It’s literally taken from history mixed with real folklore from people that still exist.
Garbage movie
Michael b Jordan should get the main panther some How
Dint like at all ..I give 6 star and hope new panther will be better
John David Washington plz.
Horrible movie.  A bunch of angry  black women.   This movie took to many takes from previous movies.  Examples, the great wall rope, scene,  iron man etc.   This is the worst Marvel movie yet.  I thought Eternals was a crap movie. Well this one is even worse.  My suggestion, stick to you musicals.
This is the best marvel film in a while, slightly worse than no way home, and that says a lot. Namor, Ironheart, and Shuri are the best part of this film.
I know why you did not feel connected with Namor, it is because you are white and do not understand colonialism. But is ok. I guess movies like this has different kind of depths for everyone depending on who you are and where you are coming from.
I really liked this film it definitely helped to revive the MCU
You did the best review contextually so far...
I find it hard to believe that anything from marvel could presently be described enthusiastically as *anticipated*
Great review as usual.    I do Loved this movie. Probalby my favorite MCU unit since the early ones.  I am on the opposite end. .I've frequently said MCU movies need to be longer to move out of their cheesy popcorn phase. The martin freeman could have been edited out but i thin kits important character work kto understand the wakandas other threat looming.     I thought this movie was better than the 1st. The 1st i had such a problem with not having enough meat and hte end silly fight sequence.  In this movie the fights all mattered. There felt like huge stakes everywhere.
Spider-man 3 computer graphics is little great effects
I agree Chris  comparing black panther 2018 final fight Spider-man , Spider-man 3 and i like the action and cg .
Can you review Ms marvel.  I agree Chris  comparing black panther 2018 final fight Spider-man , Spider-man 3 and i like the action and cg .
So the movie is not good?
First off, great review. Very fair and concise.  Second, although I understand why you didn't connect with Namors backstory/character, as a Latin man in America with strong roots, it hit me somewhere hard. Particularly since this was the first time MCU really incorporated mesoamerican/indigenious/Hispanic ties into the mcu. Referring to Christopher Columbus colonization and contribution to the slave trade that also affected Latinos in Central america/the carribean was huge.
Chris Stuckmann is an obsequious sycophant sucking Disney's dick. You are not a movie critic. You are a pathetic advocate for Disney, even when you pretend to give negative criticism. You make money as a YouTube cocksucker and you have no balls. Going back to your review of the Star Wars films. Coogler passed with flying colors?? You sycophant Disney dick sucker. You are so pathetic.
overrated as the first one
If this movie did not take place during the 5 year blip it’s not the best way  to handle this situation
Ngl i fell asleep twice during the movie when I went to see it yesterday LOL. I kind of want to rewatch it to see what I missed, but at the same time I kinda don’t….
I liked it better than the first for sure.
I saw it last night and Chris hit allot of points.I didn’t find it bad,it was a little heartfelt and felt in a way “hard to watch” without Boseman.all the characters fit well,but as Chris mentioned,manor didn’t give off a bad guy vibe.I still enjoyed it,I wasn’t disappointed with it and think it’s one of the better things marvel has come out with in awhile.
Wakangdian 👀   Still doesn't exclude the fact they invented the stick 😂
He basically prefers his super hero movies to be boring
I thought it was a lot better than the original Black Panther, which is probably the most overrated MCU project ever.
So much cringe bro . This movie was awful . The take on Namor was pretty cool but wow it was “boring” is the correct word to use . Shuri character made no sense
Chris, it's 2hrs and 41min... It's DEFINITELY 20min too long (probably 40min too long), even without having seen it I can tell that that is too long for this film, any other judgement would be reserved for after having seen it, but that run-time, that run-time is utterly ridiculous.
If the script for BP2 had already been written, they could have just recast the T'Challa role like Marvel have done for other characters.
As a Mexican I was really excited to be represented but I just walked out incredibly disappointed at how they decided to vilify us when there were many other ways it could have gone. I loved the actors but am disappointed at how they did us in so many levels
Hey you forgot to sexually identify yourself. How shall we here in the 3rd world call you ?
I just wanna say this was quite possibly the turning of the mantle for many, many have loved and supported Marvel for decades, and because recent pandering of various work agendas, this will be their last movie. Sure was my’n, and the two buddies I saw it with.
Horrible sequel, especially when compared to the original.  Completely agree with this review.  I give it a 4.3 out of 10.
Great review, as always! However, I do miss a review score from Chris nowadays. A movie’s greatness is not bound to it’s score, although I do believe it makes the review in itself more satisfying
side story i hated the movie, are we going to forget the ''scientist'' who created her first machine at 3... like come on. also the fact they can reprduce tony starks work destroyed me. The vilain motive was ok at the begenning but shifted for no reason in the middle of movie. the effects are good but the story was...meh at best.
I loved Namor tbh. Great movie
Fantastic shirt!
Apart from Namor the only thing this movie offered is ugliness... No Black Panther without Chadwick... He's the one and only Black Panther...
Miss your Hilariocity Review's. They were always my favorite reviews you did.
Did we watch the same movie? I found it boring and overly long
Last fight ended to quick I think. This whole movie was a funeral service almost.  Throughout the movie they always come back to the passing of black Panther that got annoying. Boring movie tbh
🤡
the movie was so bad
Straight garbage. RIP the real Black Panther. Movie was terrible. Marvel is dying. They need to come up with something quick.
I thought namor stole the show
I am at a lost why no one is talking about the biggest problem with this film. In case all you non-comic reading black folks missed this; For more than 50 years, the Black Panther has stood at the forefront of the Marvel Universe. Yes he has been around since 1966. He is one of the best Black Male Heroes that young black boys can look up to. He is as smart as Tony stark, but of course the M-SHE-U gave that to his sister. He is richer than Tony Stark and He kicked Captain America ass in hand-to-hand combat. So, why kill one of the only Black Characters that we as BLACK Boys and Men have, just because the actor that played him died? Simple, Racist Hollywood cannot have such a powerful Black male lead do another 1.3 Billion at the Box office. So when the actor died, racist Hollywood used it as a chance to once again destroy young black boys only BLACK hero and any hopes of having someone that looks like them to look up to. The worst part, Poor Ryan Coogler made an emotional decision to not recast T’Challa. He fell for the lie, "we are doing this to honor Chadwick Boseman."BULLSHIT!!!! If Tom Holland had died during "Spiderman: No Way Home" they would have recast and moved on with the franchise. So by not recasting T'Challa Ryan Coogler in that moment of being emotionally compromised helped destroy an entire franchise which could have been more successful that fast and Furious, which is now up to 9 movies. The franchise is done, there is NO Black Panther 3, 4 or 5....Tell me I am wrong....
This movie sucks.....BP was so bad.....and Chris u suck 2 btw...
Got back from theaters and agree. It wasn't as good as the first Black Panther. Acting was good but the third act writing suffered a lot from mixed motivations and narrative problems you said. The character Riri Williams was massively underused and wasn't given good writing to be necessary in the movie that long. Even with Chadwick's death, they should fix those issues before going to production. Still happy they made a decent film and paid tribute.
I thought the movie was terrible, long, draggy and cheesy!
THIS MOVIE WAS MESSED UP IN SO MANY WAYS.... YALL GOT A MEN BEATING ON A WOMEN, THATS WACK ...THEN HE WANTED TO KILL A TEENAGER ....THATS WACK ! ........NOBODY ON WAKANDA THREW A HARD PUNCH AND THEY LOST THEY HOME ...LAST THEY ARE FIGHTING FOR THE SAME THING TO KEEP HUMANS FROM THE RESOURSE ......THIS WAS STUPID !!! THEN YOU HAD THE BAD GUY AS THE ANCESTOR TO GIVE HER ADVICE INSTEAD OF MOM OR BROTHER THIS MOVIE IS WACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for me take out the scientist storyline and this movie would have felt perfect. The whole ironman thing felt out of place and over the top a bit for me wont say anymore to avoid spoilers but think if they took that out would have made the movie about 2:15-2:20 and it would have been perfection.
Of course a colonizer man that didn’t feel the Spanish colonizers not feel namors back story in the movie. You’re hilarious white man
Spanish colonizers enslaving natives couldn’t make you feel for Namor?
You’re a brave man for reviewing this movie while being white. You must have positive things to say about it or you wouldn’t have uploaded this.
How come no popular move reviewer has discussed all quiet on the western front??
Oh dang a white man not being able to relate to a story that has roots in the struggles of the native peoples of meso-america, how surprising
Your upset coz namor is not white
I can probably understand why you didn't resonate with Namors story lol
Too woke 😂😂
Stuckmann is a puppet
The first film was totally shit so I would imagine this will be just has bad
I really liked the build up and the soundtrack. The payoff at the end wasnt really satisfying, and honestly all of these iron man suits kinda ruined the movie for me. There’s more i have to say, but i need to collect my thoughts.
Why you look like a dc villain
I think Namor is just a glimpse of what Prince Tchalla Jr would have became if he had been raised in wakanda.
This movie is tooooo awful. The CGI is horrible. The movie is a slow build up to  an uninteresting stories. I hated it.
This movie was definitely among the worst marvel movies. The way they went about killing boseman was a mistake, going to go down as the worst (or one of) decision Marvel ever made. Really awkward beginning to this movie, audience didn’t know how to feel and was really bad.
See I connected with Namor because knowing that it happened to the Indigenous people I could see how seeing it happen in front of you would affect your view of the world
I disagree that movie was way better … Namor had a better story than kilmonger……Killmonger was all about revenge….. Namor wanted to make sure his people was safe ….great movie
Namor was not a villain. He's an antagonist. The true villains are  the "Surface People."
The movie was terrible!! Very disappointing.
Someone is trying to expand their audience…..C’mon….
It's really great I liked it alot. Probably my favorite marvel  movie since Endgame. I didn't find it boring or slow paced it went by quickly in the best way possible and I felt it respected Chadwick really well.
Loved this movie!!!
They handled chadwicks death beautifully. The acting was phenomenal.  That being said. The movie  was way too long and boring at times. The fights  were mediocre at best. It will get carried by the amazing acting and how they handled chadwick.
Someone on MSNBC said white people shouldn’t be allowed to see it    😐
I like Shuri character more because of this movie. I like her last scene, on the beach
It was 30 min too long lol
Just watched it and was throughly enjoyable
I just saw Wakanda Forever and I agree for the most part. But I think it's important to see this one if you are a fan of Black Panther, because I feel like it is preparing us for the next Panther movie which based on the ending of Wakanda Forever, will be epic.
I thought it was just terrible.  I was really excited about this too.
This movie was trash 🗑
Sounds depressing
My first thought getting out was “damn that was way to long”
I am sorry to say I do not agree with any of this review I just left the movie it is the longest most boring incomprabensible script they honestly should have just scrapped it and not even done anything and the fact of what they did with name all changing his story and the way the people look and how they act they've now screwed themselves for the entire future of any movie to do with them I'm not lying when I tell you this I fell asleep three times specifically in the middle of the movie cuz it was so boring and so long every 5 minutes felt like 20 minutes it is nowhere close to the original and is a very sad knock-off when it comes to the underwater scenes there's a few things they try to do that you can tell they took it from Finding Nemo and they didn't want to show any praise for how Aquaman did their underwater so
Gotta say Ryan Coogler did a phenomenal job with this movie. I absolutely loved it. Unpopular opinion, this movie was stronger than the first. The acting was PHENOMENAL.
Woke Disney crap.
All I hear from stupid critics are that you will cry in this movie and I didn't cry at all cause it didn't hit me as hard and I usually get emotional with movie but not this one. So you critics ya all sucks.
Movie sucked byeeee 👋
That Metroid shirt... 👍👍👌👌🔥🔥
I subscribed because of this honest review. Thank you!
Man when namor saw them slaves I think it was perfect
Boycotting the MsheU...
I only have one thing to say, they should of simply recast black Panthers character. Hard to do under the circumstances but I say this with all love and respect to Chad Boseman but he is an actor after all and the character/story should of been carried on regardless with a new actor.
I hate the whole Wakanda thing. It seems patronizing and silly. It’s like the 1% hoarding wealth but in Africa.
Just got back from watch ing the movie. I cried when the capital first got hit by water. I was sobbing when she was pronounced dead. Rip to her and t’challa. Wish the best to the scientist, shuri, and nakia and her son t’challa jr. I hate the girl that the scientists fought. She annoyed me a bit.  I love when the golden panther showed up. I was freaking out. I thought he was dead lol then I remembered this was shuris thoguhts. I got some feelings from t’challa and nakia in the first movies but I didn’t know that they were married!!!
This review represents what was obvious by the previews of this movie. It’s nice to hear a reviewer not just say this movie is perfect and amazing because that’s the thing to say
Great Movie. Saw the movie.  One of the best movies of the year. Honest opinion. Respect every ones opinion. I will be seeing this multiple times. I just saw the first teaser. I didn't see any of the spoilers or reviews going in. This also showcased  some of the best acting in any marvel movie.
Can't believe you agree with not recasting! Horrible!
I loved this movie I can honestly say I have no complaints and I tend to
Wakanda: Whatever...
Do you know why wakanda doesn't stand a chance against Talacon because wakandians can't swim lol
been watching chris on and off for quite a few years now. sometimes he disappears from my feed due to youtube's recommended algorithm. can anyone tell me why chris doesn't give the films he reviews grades anymore? I appear to have missed something
Dude you need to do “All Quiet on the Western Front” !!
Tf is Shelby oaks! Ijs 😂
nah… Letitia Wright is still a kid thru and thru not believable as BP… weak comprises in storyline. editing suffered.. b-
Dude, don't know what movie you watched. This was and utter mess. This movie was doomed from the beginning. They should had recast t'challe  . It was long and boring . So not sure which version you watched
How does he see movies days before release
can i say  something   your better than  Nerdrotic  all  he does is whine  and complain  same with heels vs baby face  in all   honesty
I thought they would have killmonger in a chamber somewhere frozen in ice
First Black Panther was a 9 out of ten for me.  This time around not so much.   You can tell they had to piece together a story once Chadwick passed away.   I feel this movie overall just went forward to honor Boseman, which they did.   Unfortunately the rest of the movie died without him.    Rewatchablility 3 Characters 5 Funny 2 Action 6 CG 7 Villain 5 Honoring Chadwick 9
I SAW THE MOVIE . I'M GOING TO EVERY REVIEW TO MAKE SURE THEY TELL THE TRUTH. IT'S AN EXCELLENT MOVIE EVERYONE SHOULD SEE. PERIOD!
"It messes with their beliefs.  Their culture. Everything they know."  You know you're also talking about the real MCU fans who enjoy the comics.  None of us understand why T'Challa had to die...
Namor in the comics is NOT tha Namor in movies, not enuff/accurate aggression to me 🤷‍♂️
Garbage movie. Black people shouldn't be in media.
God. Oh God. We all know these are kids movies and are for a more simple audience because of that but my God. This definitely is... well is just not good unfortunately. Watch good movies. Mcu is for stupid ppl.
It was the worst superhero movie I have seen since Batman v Superman dawn of Justice
This movie is beautiful and amazing and almost perfect and i dont care what anyone says
Can we just admit that the first film was a steaming pile of shit and that this one probably doesn't deserve a chance? It's easily 1 of the top 3 worst MCU movies and probably in the top 10 or 15 worst marvel movies ever made. It's in the class of the most recent Fantastic 4, Ghost Rider 2 and the Daredevil/Elektra spin off. Garbage.
The first one was above average. But the trailer for this flick made me think this could be better. It does have its moments but its finale is somehow worse than the first even with better cgi. Very clunky and at times felt the mourning is a bit too dragging. Script should have been much tighter.  If the script has to be changed this much why do it in the first place? Sacrificing narrative for money? Is it worth it?
Unfortunately changing the back story of namor was not a good idea . Now it’s Ramon
I liked Namor more than Killmonger. First of all, copy cat villains of the hero are annoying. Namor was a one man army. I loved him and that scene from his back story was amazing and said it all about why he feels the way he does about the surface world.
I disagree...I was rooting for Namor and felt for his past.
It’s a film called Black Panther and it has no Black Panther in it so of course is not gonna be as good as the first one  Imagine a film called James Bond where bond is dead with people having to deal with it emotionally I respect their decision to take this approach with the film but I respectfully would have preferred them to recast the role
I actually liked Wakanda Forever better than the first Black Panther film. Killmonger was a more relatable villain, but Namor was a lot more threatening and the stakes were raised. However in this film there are less iconic scenes like the museum scene in Black Panther 1.
If I  wanted sadness I would have went to my mother's funeral!
All they had to do was recast for Chadwick's role. Ez
There is a Mexican as an antagonist, of course you wont like it
Ok at best. Nothing special.
Don’t mean to sound heartless but I can’t be the only one who isn’t saddened when celebrities die. And to basically have the second movie be all about how they’re dealing with his death when it was years ago. It just falls flat for me. Too soon? No the exact opposite. It’s a bit late to tug at the heart strings. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I heard that because I’m white I should not watch this movie. Honestly I don’t think I was gonna watch it anyway. But OK. I did like the first one, but now that I think about it maybe I shouldn’t have watched that one either. Whoops. Damn this whiteness.
Wakanda Forever handled Boseman’s passing very respectfully. However, without him, the rest of the movie is kind of pointless. It’s just to help further along the remainder of those characters rather than leave them in limbo. And that’s the problem. They all were T’Challa’s support. His cast of secondary characters to help build his part of the MCU.  Imagine The Dark Knight where Batman is dead and everyone else has to pick up the pieces somehow and keep going.  It’s made harder when Marvel is now owned by Disney, aimed at children, and pumping hard for their future Young Avengers project. The same dilemma happened with Doctor Strange a bit.  This isn’t Black Panther 2, and never would have been without Chadwick.
the accents were so ducking bad
the film is meh........ that's it folks. meh. you know what to expect, i wont spoil it for you. but you already know.
I think Black Panther was one of the worst MCU movies...the fight scenes which Marvel is so good with were so lackluster and the story tame at best. Solid pass for me on this one.
I'm just so glad to have a movie where most of the main heros are women and they all kick ass and at no point they have to "prove a woman can rule a country or be a great warrior or be smart like men". They just are, and no male character ever puts that into question.
The first one was entertaining, but overrated. The second one doesn't spark my interest like the first. Pass.
Love your review as usual but I have had absolutely no interest in this film. Maybe I’ll watch it on Disney+ in 2 months but perhaps not even then.
Just Say it, woke doesn't work.
Watched it today avoided all you movie review gotta be first content droppers and IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE OUT OF THIS ENTIRE WEAK PHASE 10 OUT OF 10
Killmonger was a better villain than Namor & it’s not even close.. after watching Wakanda Forever i can confidently say “The Batman” is the best comic book film of 2022
Wakanda=Chicago Vibranium=Crack
Woke-anda
I really enjoyed this movie but I also agree killmonger was a better villain than namor
I feel so bad thay cooglar had a dump truck of cash pulled to his house
I think the movie was beautiful and it did its job. It was a tribute to Chadwick Boseman. Rest in Peace King 👑
Sadly, there are still a group/cult like people that will hate this film just because their Anti-SJW/Conservative hate group says so
I couldn’t stand Shuri in the first movie so the thought that they made her the new Black Panther is just laughable to me.
MCU has run it’s course. They need to give it a rest.
Its ok Chriss, just say it …… it sucks
I was specifically ordered by racist black people, that as a evil white person im not to watch this movie.  Then I was blamed for its failure.  It put a huge smile on my face.
U DIDNT FEEL THE PART ABOUT NAMOR THE SAME REASON AT TIMES HE FEELS HE DOESNT FIT...
Just got out of Wakanda forever. Very emotional at times.. very slow at times.. very action packed at times. Namor was a beast at times but not very charismatic or Kingly.  Ri ri was the star of the film and the ending was amazing. There are a couple flaws but nothing astronomical. Overall I’d give it a 8/10. Will see it again.
i just came back from the theater... can someone explain to me how black panther died in mcu? because i feel like i missed the part they explain.
I didn’t like the movie. Some good moments but that’s it, only some. The vfx were definitely a hit or miss, just like the first. Namor and Shuri were excellent. 2/7 action scenes were great others are bland.
i would LOVE to see a review of something a bit different, like young royals. it’s fantastic
Not enough diversity in this movie
Haha wonderful
8.5
Critical drinker > Chris
you didn't feel that pain bc it wasn't your story. I was born in mexico, immigrated illegally at the age of three, and have grown up witnessing how the usa and the west destroy the world not for the benefit of their ppl, but for few elites. His story captured something of my own and he nailed it for me. however, his motivation for attacking wakanda was weak and did not make sense in the context of his motivation (protecting his home form the surface nations)
Easily the beat FILM marvel has made. There is actual dialogue.
Let’s get one thing straight. Boseman the actor died. That couldn’t be helped. BLACK PANTHER the character the superhero… DIDN’T die. From what I hear he was killed,  off screen!!    A superhero that wears a full covered face mask and they couldn’t (at the very least even though I repeat they didn’t have to) could have died saving the world, on screen, fighting some mega powerful bad guy.  In some amazing action sequence.   You see the way I see it this movie is about THE BLACK PANTHER not Chadwick Boseman. What do you do?  YOU RECAST!!!!  It’s been done before (The Crow, Thunderbolt Ross, The Hulk, Superman, etc).   It’s not the job of this movie to ‘honor’ an actor. That’s done in real life. That’s a separate thing.   The BP franchise must continue and BP is the main character!  The show must go on.  So recast him!  Write it well and epic and you continue with the main character at the head.   Stop praising these horrible Disney  movies where men are inept, stupid or just plain idiots.  They actually took advantage of Boseman dying to push their woke agenda, Disney did. If you can’t see that or refuse to see that, it’s on you.
Ehhh...Creed was a poor man's Rocky movie.  The best part was Rocky himself, since Michael B Jordan can't act.
I like your reviews, their normal and not as politically charged. I do enjoy the other types of reviewers, but greatly appreciate this “real, of course imma still go see it” type of review lol if this makes sense
Wokekanda shitty female panther nobody wanted..
Why don’t the Wakandans save their neighboring starving African brother and sisters?
Garbage feminist movie it sucked
Such a garbage film. Can’t believe I paid to see it
This movie was better than the first
I’d have to disagree. This movie was leaps and bounds better than the first for me.
It's a bad movie.... a Black Panther movie without Black Panther.  And very obvious feminism shoved in your face.  And they ruined Namor.  Save your money for something better and don't go see it.
Honestly wept over the opening Marvel logo sequence. The silence as they showed pictures of Boseman was very touching. Heard many people crying in the cinema.
This movie is so bad that I gave Black Adam  a point higher than it deserves 😔
Just got back from the theater. Loved it. Honestly, I think it’s even better than the first one.
The only moment that I really didn't like was Namor saying is catchphrase "Imperious Rex" in ancient mesopotamian and it being translated into ancient Latin, like, come on, why?
Love the Metroid Dread shirt :D
This movie was was awesome from beginning to end.
Saw this last night and didn't enjoy it. I agree with your comments on the run time and some of the narrative.  30 minutes could have been taken out of this without losing anything.  Or that 30 minutes could have been used more productively.  On the positive side I thought they handled Chadwick's death perfectly and with appropriate sensitivity.  But overall the movie was a miss for me.
Female actress now im out of here
This is some bullshit . Chadwick Boseman (god rest his soul) died not Tchalla . Again this is some bullshit
I wanna watch the nlack panther kick ass. That's the whole point ergo black panther. But I got abt 10 Mins of panther footage in the whole movie. So, while it was was a great one time watch, I'm not impressed. They shoulda recasted the panther and continued his saga
Like for the shirt
I think the worst part of this movie is that the first one is incredibly awesome! So people are going to compare them... And of course this one is not as good as the first one... But I think it was a very good movie and I enjoyed it a lot.
Just honest for once man the movie did not meet the expectations, you so scared of saying the truth
Not one mention of ironheart. That’s not good lol
Wagwanda Forevah!~
I love you Chris. But her name is Letitia Wright. Not Latisha.
Should have recasted
I dont believe for a second disney wasnt prepared to move forward after chadwicks.death... the moment he got that news of being sick I mean they know how much time theyve got... I think this was what disney planned even since the first movie came out
Is this the best Marvel movie ever until the next Marvel movie comes out?
This is such a shill of a review. Lmfao
Overall, Wakanda Forever felt too bloated with throwaway ideas and set-ups for future Disney+ series. And Shuri wasn't the right choice to be the new Black Panther. Unlike Angela Bassett, who was awesome, Shuri is not a great lead.  The last big action sequences were shoddy and uneven. Hard to follow.  This will not be the TRUE classic it could - and should - have been.  Avatar 2 will blow this away in all ways: bigger and better story, as well as beautiful, state-of-the-art underwear effects.
I think I agree with most of your criticisms except Namor. He was awesome and like, Killmonger is an amazing villain. Not saying I do not understand.
Sounds depressing.
Agree 100% wirh your review.
Nah he couldve died fighting a big monster or galactus not from a random desease. They shouldve recast him, Namor didnt have a good motivation and ironheart 🤦
Chris! Where do you get your shirts! I really want that Metroid shirt!
SHILL
that’s a clean metroid shirt
Chris sounds like he gave it a B.
Very entertaining movie. My opinion on the 'hype' surrounding this film is that I simply don't understand why people of color look UP to films in general for purpose/"representation" when it comes their particular culture. This is a fictional movie with fictional characters based in a dystopian world where superheros exists... I just see it as entertainment, nothing more. For example, As a "black person"- Panamanian, my culture is in my my family and home country. Through my eyes, I don't view reality through Hollywood movies. Regardless of the color of your skin, this movies is relatable to anyone who enjoys action and adventure and superheros!!  Now if i were to watch a film about a certain culture with the expectations that it would remain humble and actually have substance that's grounded in reality, I'd watch a documentary not a Marvel movie based on a comic book. That's all I have to say, thanks 👍🏽
Glad that this movie sucks in first place
Maybe Angela Bassett has a bigger part in this movie. I hope so.
Millions of people died in 2020 because of Coronavirus. Maybe since the movie was filmed in the pandemic, ryan thought people would identify with a character who suddenly dies of a disease that doesnt have a cure
The CGI looks terrible…. Landscapes great…but movements just don’t flow… that part is an improvemen on the first BP..but I would have thought they could get it right by now.  It’s 2022….
Great review. Too many "bad reviews" already trying to spin a narrative that this will be a huge failure.
I saw the film last night and I'm sorry to say that movie was absolutely BORING. All filler, little payoff. Everyone in the audience left and no enthusiasm after the end.  This is definitely a movie that should have gone straight to Disney+. it was way too long, and was nowhere near as good as the first film. They should have recast Chadwick Boseman. Instead this film further takes Marvel down the lines of DC movie territory. Marvel has never recovered after Endgame, the last several films have been downright disappointments and Wikanda Forever is on the same level as Love and Thunder. See it on Disney Plus instead. Plus the film is nearly THREE HOURS long with NO post credits scene. A fitting tribute to Chadwick Boseman but that's it. Phase Four has been AWFUL.
Thought the first one was MASSIVELY overrated....
Recasting Chadwick Boseman would be tricky. Maybe somehow Marvel Studios could have made it work with someone else.
Sorry, but Wakanda was nerfed super hard. It basically got the Hulk treatment.
I do agree about Namor background story. I dont read the comics, (spoiler alert) but to me his mother being dead and him going to the surface and watching his elders’ previous land being colonized, which he has never been in his whole life before and being that young and mad to murder right away got me kinda me confused. His mother seems like a loving person too and even mentioned how she misses living in the surface assuming she thinks positively about that. It lacks the ‘convincing’ motivation like the Killmonger’s backstory like you said. But other than that the movie is so amazing, Namor was really badass and a necessary addition to the Black Panther timeline.
"missed'"
IRON HEART LOOKS LIKE ULTRA MAN BAHAHAHAHAHHA!!! =)))) MCU TOOK A BIG L ON THIS MOVIE NO MATTER HOW MUCH MONEY IT MAKES STILL GARBAGE RIP CHADWICK BOSEMAN HE DOESNT DESERVE THIS ITS AN INSULT IN HIS MEMORY!!
Not sure why but I take positive reviews of Marvel films with a fistful of salt
The underutilisation of Martin Freeman in this movie was very prominent
T'Challa's funeral was cool, but objectively, their incapability to do things without him doesn't make a lot of sense since this is his second death. Of course a Boseman tribute was needed, but the film didn't have to be all about it since this isn't a Tv special tribute ceremony on KTLA 5. The other one wasn't need at all.
ironheart 😂🤣
💩
Marvel is sinking as Titanic with its new phase movies.. This movie is complately mess, i wonder how much Marvel payed him to tell that this movie is better then The back panther first movie... its barelly better then Thor 4 i would say.. not talking about inflated toxic woke culture taking over this movie ...
Reading between the lines this sounds like it's shit but he doesnt want to come out and say it
Sounds like an origin story for at least 3 people, which can slow the action down.
Too long and boring! Got it. 👍
I didn't noticed the run time at all. I thought the pacing was well done.
Hey, it's Koogler! You know, “He's cool, he likes to get laid, he's not that old!"
Coogler did the best with what is humanly possible in such a shocking tragedy. All criticism must bear that in mind.
Another movie about 🇳🇪 s that everyone pretends to love
Namor is not a villain... is an Anti-Hero!!
I still give this movie a 4/5. It still has its flaws. Character development was weaker, but it was average at best.
And your channel has been replicated by a scammer
Disagree with review.. but Glad some people like it, i didn't. Those that liked it do you want to see it again at the movies? I doubt it.  It will be huge this weekend, but then its gonna tank.
Review Tar. Best movie of the year.
"The best thing" they could have done was to NOT do that movie. You really are a good audience, man.
I will not being seeing this movie, Hollyweird and M-She-U you done F'd it up.
Thanks Chris!
I wish they would have just replaced him tbh. His family said he would have wanted that and for his character to live on. That's good enough for me.
Thanks for a good balanced review.
VFX with the first one were not the best because they were given such a low budget since they didn't believe it would be as big as it was. They learned really quick not to doubt just because of who's in front and behind the camera, and what they look like.
💩💩💩
Never thought I'd see a pair of YEEZY WAVE RUNNERS in BLACK PANTHER
Where does Chris get his shirts?
What could this film possibly mean to say in nearly 3 hours
I guess you don't rate movies anymore. Sounds like a B+
I feel like this is how you say, the movie is not good, while trying not to get cancelled.  There is such a protective hedge built around this movie,  so that any negative comments are just labeled as something else rather than just meaning...I didn't like it.  I thought the first one was nowhere near the hype, and I'm expecting the same here.
this is why you don't kill off your movie villains here and there. loki for example has become a fan fav. he was a fan fav before the movies bt now he is loved on a different level but he is a villain.  so killing off kill monger was not a good choice. t'chala could've saved him i mean that should be the point of the first movie. hey my dad killed ur dad so imma save u. but noooo.
Top 5 MCU movie for me ! So emotional !!!
Marvel is dead, they overdid the universe and now I will not watch another cash grab with bad cgi
Can you do a spoiler review ?
So glad i haven't seen 1 minute of either of these films.
[Spoilers]  . . . . . To be honest I like this a lot better than BP1, thought the whole plot with Riri WIlliams is kinda weird and it's a shame that Michaela Coel / Lupita Nyong'o weren't given a lot of things to do in the movie. Would definitely love to see more of Talokan
What does it mean when Stuckman doesn’t give a movie a rating at the end?
They were not surprised Chadwick died, he informed Disney he had cancer when they chose him as Black Panther.
Have you stopped giving movies a "Rating", so we viewers can compare it to previous films out there?
I’m glad Chris didn’t listen to that lady in Tik Tok
When Chris reviews Shelby Oaks the universe will implode
I saw it last night, and I agree with you on it's plot. It revolves on and on without having a real conclusion. Namor killed it!
Can’t wait to see Shelby oaks
Wouldn’t hurt to let us know if there are post credit scenes
Bring back Tony Stark
I can’t knowing it won’t empower without 😢Chadwick!!
movie suck
On a side note Chris, your beard looks great, handsome as ever.
I hate that they sacrifice cohesive storytelling and character arcs all for setting up Disney+ spin offs.
I was told Namor was the protagonist/killmonger wannabe? Who dis Nuhmerrrrrrrrrrr*tongue roll* ?
Chris where did you get that shirt?
The first one wasn't good, this one just looks like garbage.
Did you really just bring up the word "Oscar" when reviewing a Marvel film?..... Oh boy how you have fallen from the once great reviewer you once were. Jesus Christ.... You sold out, Chris.
This movie is hot garbage. People are too scared to admit this because minorities try to call them racist.
I think this movie isn´t inclusive enough. I pass.
"Highly Anticipated"?.... By who?
It is such unethical thing for bid studio to use someone's tragedy like Chadwick Bosman death, and make "tribute" to earn millions of dollars.
I do not understand what Chadwick's death has to do with the Black Panther character. Am I missing something? Recast and move on. That is the norm, instead they messed everything up and brought real life drama into a movie only to make it(the movie) and the entire MCU worse by deleting a fan favorite character.
Why did he stopped giving Grades at the end of review?
What’s the review score?
Watched it last night. And i liked it. Its has a totaly different tone than the first one. Loss of Chadwick is huge but Shuri pulled out such an amazing performance in every aspect possible. Didnt like Namor that much but you could see huge effort from that actor to get the job done. Story is done solid, and Coogler never disappoints, effects are good, camera also, Its done right for sure. It could be a potential success, billion dollar club, maybe. Time will tell...
mmmmm 2 horas....mal invertidas
He didn't do black adam?
This. Movie. Is. Krap
This movie is better than the first one
Where’s the Black Adam review???
Another meh movie from the MCU, I do hope they change their course in the future 😂
The first movie wasn't that great. Can't imagine how bad this one will be..
I'm very excited for this movie.
Slow burns are boring.
let me get this straight....  black panther is white tho?
I always thought they should have brought kill monger from another universe and had him be black panther. They lore and world building from other film would have supported it. Michael b Jordan as black panther would have been really awesome.
Not sure why not 1 of the major YouTube film reviewers have reviewed the women king? I was sure Chris would just curious.
Thanks Chris for all you do, once again another amazing review. Appreciate everything!
So basically they should’ve recasted T’chala
Thank you for an honest review unlike all the other crap reviewers who are like "this is the greatest movie ever! It's the most fantastic marvel movie ever made! See, I'm not racist!!"
No no no...I doubt it's too long. All superhero movies should be at least 2hrs 45mins.
Sounds like a sad movie like going to a funeral. Sort of like Marvel Phase 4.
why haven't you reviewed Black Adam??
Zzzzzzzzz
I take back everything bad I’ve ever said about Chris… great review!
It's a masterpiece.🤣
you did not watch  Black Adam😭
black panther wokeness forever!!!
It's all about the money boys!!!!
With what I've seen from Phase 4, I really wish they had wrapped it all up with End Game.
Another review by This white racist man, didnt even mention about one of the best performances of the movie by Tenoch Huerta?…
Had high hopes, give it 6/10
Hard pass!
Nobody cares about a score, cause everyone is so different and has different opinions. From my side, I loved every minute of it; this is the most heartful mcu movie of them all. It gave me shivers, specially at the end.
The movie is just way too long and just gets boring towards the middle.
Ah, a Metroid fan. A man of quality tastes.   I’d buy that shirt
Loving the metroid shirt^^
This movie sucks
Horrible experience while watching this movie.... boring and stupid.... Marvel is sinking 😭😭😭
They should have recast thchalla
You will need to be a big Marvel Fanboy to even like this movie this movie is sooo boring.
This second movie has so many under currents of womenhood feminism power of emotion, the pain of colonisation and the deep scars it leaves for generations, the plight of revenge and the courage of mothers. The themes explored were so much deeper than just a cool back story for a villain and a little sister trying to fill her brother’s huge shoes. You’ll never be able to grasp what this movie means to people of colour the same way you couldn’t grasp what the first one means. Keep it up though.
Love my review mastermind sir Chris stuck man....im stuckminized
Political trash
Do ur selves a favour and watch this during the day. I saw this at 7:30 and damn nearly fell asleep. Shit drags on a fuck tone and is boring as fuck at times. The first one shits on it by a mile. There’s about 30 minutes around the middle of the movie that absolutely stinks that you just want to be over so you can watch the final battle. Still overall an emotional movie but as per usual the post credit is better than the entire fucking thing
Why doesn’t Wakanda have more diversity?
Waiting for Rings of Power Season 1 full review. We only got 2 episode review which is not enough.
With all of the woke trash shoved into this movie I hope it fails so bad that marvel needs to go on welfare to save themselves. Woke trash can just sit and burn.
Mcu is garbage now
I just saw the movie today, and I completely agree on your points on Namor.
Reason why we come here for reviews. You are always HONEST, REAL, and give it to us straight up. Thank you for this review
I’m excited to watch a Ryan Coogler film that doesn’t have Michael B Jordan. I don’t think he’s a good actor so I’m always distracted by that when I watch a Coogler movie
MOVIE.  WAS.  GARBAGE.   Barely barely above eternals
DUDE ARE YOU AFRAID. OF GETTING CANCELED.    GIVE A HONEST.    REVIEW. DONT BE AFRAID
Can u please review The Life Before her eyes?
Kind of wished Namor was from the actual comics instead of conjured up Namor~, but maybe that's the fan of the comics in me.
Disc plate Disc count 🤔
i love diveristy in all modern movies, so i was dissapointed with lack of it in this movie...
So Chris also doesn’t want to outright truly say if he likes the movie or not and it’s something he doesn’t do often. Reviews I see tend to be that way so my guess is the movie is mediocre in general.
I can't take Chris seriously. He likes all movies now.
I think Killmonger’s struggle is more relatable to Americans who know much about the very, very bad history of slavery. That’s why most of the depth and source of his anger hits home even to those of non African descent.  So let me share a little perspective of the struggles of the browns under the Spaniards conquistadors (and nope, I’m not even latin American) My ancestors suffered under the cruelty of the Spaniards for more than 300  years. So the scene where Namor witnessed for the first time those conquistadors enslaving and hurting his people and in the end being called a demon, I felt that. The Tolocans are right to hate the surface dwellers and to protect their own from any possible harm and exploitation.   Killmonger’s words hold more bearing because everyone knew the context. What the “colonizers” did to the Africans. But the rest of the world know little of what Colonizers have done to the “browns” . Even in this modern period, many of us have this colonial mentality of wanting the mestizo fair skin rather than the dark, brown complexion.   Namor’s intention in this film spoke to me the same way as Killmonger’s.
I keep hearing reviews and opinions on this movie and it’s all over the place or rather it’s been either they liked it a lot or they didn’t like it at all. Haven’t heard anything that is in the middle yet, but I like to go see movies/shows myself and be the judge of my own viewing.
I know now how plant one Tree for Free❗🥳
where the men at Yo!
Don't watch it super movie movie.....waste of money
If you watch this movie as a movie like an escape from reality, the death of cb means nothing and adds absolutely nothing of value too.. the movie was bad if you look at it for what it is, a movie, period. And the VFX weren't great too... They were ok.. The story is just broken...
Don’t care about hurdles or obstacles… I buy a movie ticket to be entertained… so hopefully I will be. Everything else involving the making of this movie is just noise
If they had a script in place then thats just one more reason the should of simply recast Chadwick.  If they had done that it would have solved so many issues, probably all of them, and saved them a lot of time and money too.  I am starting to hear, after all the initial reviews of 'this is the best movie I have ever seen!!', more people coming out, like Chris, and saying yeah, it was ok, they did the best they could, but it wasn't as good as the first one.
I want blade 2 action time stamp 😩
The fact that Ryan had to deal with the loss of the main character and re-write the script is kudos ....... I guess I can go easy on any plot holes :)
tfw red letter media makes a better review next week
Finally the only honest review i was waiting for 👌🏽
Chris: I give this a B
I saw a few hours ago. I really loved what they did in this film. I rate it 9.5/10
Best movie since infinity war hands down. its a 10/10 for me
1st film was really bad...  so score is C+ for second part ?
Eh, I dont agree with Namor. His character feels very much a threat since black panther was absents most of the film.
It was awesome !!!  the characters were great as well , yes there are flaws and a bit to long , but still a great movie … worth the 3 hours runtime
I love your shirt chris
just let the mcu die. it's sad to see it suffer this much.   greetings from germany :)
Meh
20 minutes too long? I felt that it was about 45 minutes too long. I’d give it 2/5.
At first I was worried this would be another Black Panther. Thankfully, it's not.   The killing of T'Challa restored my faith in the MCU. From the emasculation of APe-Man, to the single mother trope, Chef's kiss👌🏻. We can not have blacks, especially small blacks thinking they can be leaders, they must see themselves in service to superior white heroes and regulated to their perfect place, our sidekicks.  Now, the MCU is perfect. There's no dangerous propaganda of an N-word guy with any power. I call on all fellow Aryan brothers to see this movie. Let's make it surpass the first movie.👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
I just love how disney is exploiting the death of an actual black man to gain profits. And some of my ppl just eat it up.. 🤡
Very sad...
I don't know, I was bored with this film.
remember, white people cant see this film day 1. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I thought killmonger story was trash and forced..actually was a damper on the first black panther movie..like comedian Erik griffin said...black panther it was aaaiiiggghhtt...white guilt trip
It's was dark and boring, shuri is not ready for big roles. The queen was wining, it feel she did't do her homework. Nakia and okoye were perfect.
I saw Wakanda Forever today. It is indeed a sombre mcu movie but it's my 2nd favourite movie in phase 4 after Spiderman No Way Home.
I don't think they should ever made part 2, now there's no black hero for the little black boys. But we still got Blade coming out.
Cant support such a outdated movie with no diversity 95% just all the same race, we must be better than that.
Fully agree with your take
The first movie was terrible. Idk why people treat it as an amazing movie. It had a terrible ending, bad character development, and a boring plot.
I dont get why thet killed tchalla, yeah chadwick died but he wasnt black panther he was an actor, and marvel have changed actors before, i think is more disrespecfull to not follow what he started with the character, that being said wakanda forever is worse than the first movie and the first movie is just average, one of the best things of the first movie was killmonger and he only gets like one scene in wakanda forever, the rest of the movie feels lead by side characters with no main one. And 2:30 hours is way to long, and lets not talk about the namor, usually they sorta alter comic book characters to fit the movie writing, but this is a completly different character, he is namor only in name... With how many crap hollywood is pumping out latetly, a movie that years ago would be considered bad or even average is now considered good, this movie feels like made for disney+.
20 min too long? more like an hour too long
I'm sorry but that last Batman movie sucked on so many levels.
Wamberlamps Forever
Going to a free screening next week. 😊
recast
Hey chris, are you going to review banshees of inishirin, or did you not like it. Would love to hear your opinion on it as i think its just one of the best films ive seen in a cinema for a good few years. Cheers, Connor
Haha I know you're busy Chris but whe. you post a review I get all hyped and grab a drink before I watch lol
Chris, thank you for growing up with the t-shirts that you did and do now
Kill monger was such a shit villain.
Black Panther sucked and was successful because it was a Novelty movie…B. Panther 2 simply SUCKED 🥱
No review of black Adam ??
Plz, 1st one sucked.
Remeber how the black panther has to fight with no powers on the side of a waterfall if challenged? If anyone wanted to they could throw all 5ft 100lb of that little girl off that mountain.
Chris Cuckman has turned into a shill.
I will never be seeing this movie because Disney decided to move forward with Letitia Wright after she used her platform to spread harmful disinformation and anti-LGBTQ hate speech, and I cannot support it on those grounds. Especially with her presumably becoming the lead character.
Pass. Over this childish type of shit
You should review the Pinocchio from Guillermo Del Toro too. It's a wonderful movie and definitely one of the best movie this year. I wouldn't even be surprise if it will have an oscar nomination in some of the big category (it will definitely without a doubt be the best animated feature this year).
No desire to see this movie at all, Marvel movies have lost their shine imo
I haven't seen the movie yet, but Id argue that as a man of hispanic and Caribbean descent myself id be a little more biased in terms of this movie and Namor due to the representation, im just happy they chose this historic background.
Remember - if you're not black, you have to wait for the third week to see this movie in theatres. If you don't, then you're racist.
I will never watch this, there are videos on you tube of blacks saying Whites mustn't watch this, so I won't.  Complete woke garbage
I think Chris--in a very PC way--was trying to say that this movie is trash.
If this movie is worse than the first one, yikes.
Monetizing on the fact that one of the lead actors have passed is not something new we have seen it as recently as F&F series but it should be a authentic and genuine send off. Really looking forward to this one
how much of a shill can you be  ?
will you  review God of war ragnarok review?
i dont respect this opinion at all. the first black panther is an overrated mess with no good action sequences, and killmonger is a cringey, whiney, unbelievable plot villain that cam out of thin air and destroys the tiny tchala we got. this movie is twice as good and namor is better than killmonger, not the last we’re seeing of him so we didnt see everything
I wish the CGI was as good as Avatar 2009 though.
Movie sounds so lame. Should've recast Tchalla just super lame literally no male leads or side characters. Definitely M she U
Folks listen, this film isn’t what we think it’s gna be. It’s going to be like Thor and dr strange (identity politics), from what I’ve heard from many. Thats why the $ projections went from around 400-500mmill to 170-250 mill. such a shame. Ppl aren’t interested near as much. Just a heads up
I love me some punchy stuff 🍹 🍹 🍹
Are you reviewing Halloween Ends?
Nah...this film is garbage.  Your review is completely DISHONEST and FAKE!
Crap ass movie.
It’s one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Terrible story & awful visuals. ☹️
Really didn't see killmonger as a great villain.
Hmmm. Interesting that Chris is a shill. Oh wait no it's not. This movie sucked dick. Once everyone sees it, they'll understand what Chris is
I'm hearing not as good as the first one from a few reviews and I didn't like the first very much so this is bad news for phase four ending. Marvel has been so bad I was hoping this movie could give me hope. ☹️
Another fantastic video! Thank you!
Wokeanda Forever?
Personally I want to see white wolf
I just saw Wakanda forever… I thought Namor was excellent! They really captured the essence of the character even though they completely changed his backstory. I thought he did a fantastic job. And I am a comic book. He was really upset and I heard about what they did with the character
Chris please watch and review ‘living’ starring bill Nye
Sorry, not even Chris will convince me to watch it. Good review nevertheless.
Who knew chris would go full shill
It’s looking like this movie was not good. I seriously think they should have just replaced the actor and made the movie they originally had written. Why kill off a comic book character? I usually drag my boyfriend to these Marvel movies but I think I will let him sit this one out.
I'm sure Chirs and other mainstream reviewers are terrified of giving this film a negative review due to political reasons.
Angela bassett really grow as an actor from vampire in Brooklyn to Black Panther 😂
I hate this movie’s existence and I’m black. Hated the first too. I’m not a racist or a feminist so I can’t be convinced to shill for a mess of a propaganda movie. Obviously anyone looking to work in this current industry climate won’t publicly agree
Review Aftersun
Review bought and paid for by Disney.
Ugh, another shill reviewer, just more marvel word salad.. speaking of salads…
Even their sponsors are the same 😂 Talking about Jeremy Jahns
Love your channel but love seeing your skill growing with your camera 🙌🏼 Bit of a softer key, bit of dof. Bet you’re loving that Sony sensor.
With Shuri most likely becoming the new Black Panther, will Wakanda ban all vaccines?
T’challa COULD be involved, and he should’ve. This is a big character and people wanted to see more of it. It’s sad that Boseman passed away, especially so young. But there is a wide array of talented black young actors that could’ve taken the part.
I enjoyed the chuckle at James Cameron’s expense.
Chris rated Black Panther a B+, so this is a B or B-?
Just watched the movie and I loved it
Next, a lesbian black panther?.😂
This has got to be the most honest review I've seen of this movie yet
Enjoyed the movie. It’s not as action packed as past MCU movies and I strangely enjoyed that. Just hanging out with the characters was enjoyable
Why don't you try to do your own movie Chris we are excited to see how you would do things ur way. 🤣😂😂
Nice t-shirt, the review ... It's gonna be rough with the big star gone, I'm gonna pass this phase 4 thing . Rewatch the Thanos Ark instead then stop , it's a waste after that !!
Uh, can you give a brief overview of the plot please?
You do realize they are actors. People die everyday, was their life not as precious as a film star? 🧐
Another crap Hollywood film with zero diversity.
Love the shirt !
that metroid dread tee!
Poor review really
B+
Who is CS??
"Highly anticipated film"  Aight, if you say so bro....
Potential Spoilers below:   Watched it last night and I’m not feeling this movie. Kinda dozed off. I appreciate what they are trying to do but the pacing is a bit plodding. Can’t put my finger on it. Namor is good but flying around w his ankle wings made the action look a bit silly.   I know there will be ppl attacking me for not looking deep enough but hey I really cannot lie.
No, it wasn't wise. You recast the role. We've had many actors play batman, Spiderman, superman and even The Hulk.  Actors are not the character. They play the character and if you kill the character, you kill the franchise. Stupid move. Let's make a Black Panther movie without Black Panther
Chris i really appreciate your reviews. You remove the consistent talk of politics. There are so much reviews that come from dark places and you see what they really are trying to say and its just disgusting. Excellent review, i'm taking the family this Sunday. I hope we enjoy.
He's expecting a perfect movie 😒😒 , give me a break , you asking to much.
In short It's Mid
Namor was amazing
Still not going to see the film. Give me 6 figures and maybe I will see it. But absolutely drunk, this was Marvels way to make money and use people's grief and nostalgia of the passing of Chadwick Boseman to forward business sales. I would have done the same thing. Just like how I know anyone with this kind of power would have taken advantage of Marvels fans to turn a big profit before I get ripped apart here didn't his wife specifically ask, for this film NOT to be made. Wasn't there numerous articles that said his wife told the director to not make this movie or something this feels like something out of Vought from the Boys
Review starts at 01:40
7/10 prob 6 or 8 for others
Rip chadwick boseman ❤️
Fat woke Namor 🤢
I think about how I used to get excited for "At the Movies" when I was kid. I looked forward to their takes every week. Nowadays I look forward to your takes. Keep being you Chris.
Did you change the frame rate you’re recording in?
Nice megadeth shirt. Hey wait a sec..
I'm a little wary of this movie, not going to lie. I was a fan of Chadwick Boseman and T'Challa, but I was always in the camp that it is better to recast the role, even if it means delaying the film to give the public and the crew more time to process the loss. I have now processed the loss of Boseman, so I can't say I'm all that looking forward to a 2 hour 45 minute movie that seems to be the cast and crew's way of grieving for Boseman. While it seems to be handled very well, it does concern me that the narrative is said to be not as strong, so for someone like me, who is looking for something beyond the characters processing their grief for Boseman, it is a little concerning. I feel if this film had released a year ago, I would have felt differently. I recognize that most people will probably feel differently and I still have faith that Coogler does a good job because he has only delivered big wins in the past.
i was told not to watch it since im white so... ill pass on this
So sad that the Queen mother died
Hmm chris is the first reviewer I regularly watch that didn’t think this was great. Then he throws in that he loved the Batman and I’m thinking I’m gonna like this a lot more than he did. I thought the Batman was average at best.
The movie was too long tbh. Very good though. Glad Shuri chilled out at the end
I think it was a fairly fantastic movie imo. when the real world's problem comes into the narrative, often it doesn't work (for me that was the case when TROS tried to recreate story around the cut scenes of Carrie). But this movie outdid it in terms of that.  And I think it did greater job when it's not just about mourning for Chadwick. I felt Namor as a strong character and swimming scene through the wonderful underwater world was enough to move me and make my heart break when they began the war and actually killed each other with spears.  at some scenes, it wasn't funny as they intended and wasn't moving as they intended. but overall it was a beautiful emotional movie and I enjoyed a lot better than my low expectation on this one.
Interesting…. this is literally the ONLY review I have seen that has not praised Tenoch Huerta/Namor. Treater almost like a literal after thought. I guess. I will see tomorrow and come back here to see what people say after watching it
Thank you for your review. It is one of your best reviews that I've seen. You said The Black Panther was Ryan Cooglan's first movie but Creed was made earlier than  The Black Panther. Fruitvale Station looks like it was his first feature film and that film was a doozy. I dare anyone to see it without feeling like your heart has been ripped out. Whenever I see the words Fruitvale Station, my heart drops.
Sick shirt bruv
Will you ever review better call Saul?😩
Watched it yesterday. It's really good. I had some issues with it that I cover in my SPOILER review mainly their reliance on lampshading
I was actually pretty surprised at how bad this movie was. I was expecting middling at the least.
More woke anti White trash.
Smart choice, when he could have just recast like any other superhero (batman, spiderman, hulk, etc) instead he chosen to go ahead and ditch an original black character.  Somehow smart choice wouldn't be what I would refer to it as.
Namore is the only reason to watch this movie again. Other than him I would never watch this movie again.
We went from screaming goats to this.
I mean no disrespect to Chadwick, but I think they should have recast the part and kept the character alive. This feels like going to see a Batman movie with no Bruce Wayne.
This is the best reaction and review of the movie!! You are so right, this movie was just ok!!
its Trash 🤮
As a native american I truly felt Namor’s back story but I agree how you couldn’t feel the same, 100% on Namor’s side because of my culture but could’ve been developed better for different audiences
When's the Review for HALLOWEEN ENDS though, huh?!?!?  Also, you and Jeremy both had the same Sponsor for the same Review of the same Marvel Film. What are the odds??? 🤔🙄😏
Review Andor please
I'm really sad an anti vaxer gets a prominent role in this one.
no woman no cry
If this was worse than the first movie, that’s horrible. I thought the first movie was top 5 worst MCU movies to begin with. Hard to see what they could do though without the main character involved anyway and replacing him with all side characters. Should have brought Jordan back to play BP.
They should have recasted him.
Critics being way too nice, padding this movie. It's nowhere near as good as the first one and the first one really wasnt all that great objectively. Props to the the great acting performances and RIP Chadwick I loved him as Black Panther and he was an amazing person off screen.  Worth seeing once, will pull at your heart at times especially if you can relate to loss.
Bring on the "punchy stuff."
Love all your reviews so much!  Is it possible to review the bollywood horror movie "Tumbbad".?I feel it is incredibly underrated.
why didnt they recast black panther? it's not like superheroes are not played by multiple actors .....
I’m so sick of super heroes.
In short - not good but deserves a gold star because they tried
Nice Honest Review As Usual Stuckmann and can't wait for this. Hope to get: Bucky, Hulk, Klaw, 2 Post Credit Scenes Of Michael Fassbender As Dr Doom And John David Washington As T'Challa/Black Panther faking his death for Wakanda's Safety RIP Chadwick Boseman.
Meh this sounds all too woke to me. I can’t stand Iron Heart and I know that they’ll make all sorts of remarks towards Tony stark because he is a “toxic male”. Funny how all white people are evil in these movies and there can’t be any white people in Wakanda. But a medieval themed movie MUST have black people in it despite historically not making sense like the morons at Kotaku bitching a Japanese company does not have blacks people in its next final fantasy (the Japanese are not originated to have our stupid identity politics). Rheeee rheeee Williams is so annoying, and this movie is going to be garbage. Can’t wait for it to not too that well hahaha
More Marvel woke crap.  I’m surprised that they let Chris watch this movie, given that he is white 😂
Chadwick Bosman the actor died.    The MCU CHOSE to murder T'Challa to sell a movie.     'Nuff said.
I WANT THAT SHIRT
Mate, I'm looking forward to your film Chris !
So the villain is Mr Nimbus? He wants to make the land wet?  Can't wait for Black Panther 3: the fight against vaccination
Any way you cut it, that so called namor in the movie is not the namor you see in comics that kev dishonestly have portrayed. Not watching it.
100% agree with this review esp the bits about Bassett for Oscar and Coogler doing the best he could have. The actor who played Namor though was phenomenal but agree to the points of comparison to Killmonger.
Lupita's best performance was trying to stay composed at the Oscars, while sitting behind Will Smith after The Slap.
He was surprised with Chadwick's passing???! Chadwick was dying on the set of the first movie!
Interesting everyone saying Namor is one of the best MCU villains ever but you didn't connect.
Watched this movie last night, here in the Philippines! Couldn't agree more, Chris! Such stunning visuals and emotional arch! Love your videos as always man.
Friend: Which plate do u want me to use? Me: Dis plate
i liked black panther in civil war and infinity war
Watched it, love it. The film is great. However it's flawed on the technical side, namely cinematography and vfx. I think the writing is good and complex with some weird sequences that could be easily fixed, some misplaced humor that felt forced, rough expo etc. But overall it worked.
You know that movie criticism has gotten bad when critics have to spend the first 80% of their critique justifying whatever negative criticism they're going to tell. Cancel culture has gone too far
Finally a reviewer that doesn’t blatantly spoil in their review. This is why I wait.
Loving the Metriod tee. my fav paltformer game.
I had high hopes for this film, unfortunately after seeing an early screening last night all of my expectations were met with questions. I can say without any doubt that this movie is barely above The Eternals & Thor 2. This film; like The Last Jedi, looks great, but had a poor execution. I don’t think the majority of MCU fans will enjoy this nearly 3 hour endeavor. Black Panther Wakanda Forever, not good.
shill
Chris is just a shill.
They should have just changed the actor out rather than changing the entire plot and script
That was my main issue as well, there’s a strong story in here, it’s a little bogged down in length and execution. Ironheart for example felt shoed in without truly paying off as a narrative element, like she was just in here to set her up for her own show. There were a but too many scenes of characters talking about their feelings more than expressing them (though not always, there is plenty of good stuff on the show-don’t-tell front), it generally just feels like the focal point of the story, that being Shuri’s grief, has to take a back seat for a large portion of the film and doesn’t return until the third act. I didn’t connect with Namor because his motivations felt forced, as while Killmonger was believable because of how angry and radical he was, Namor aims for the same shit despite feeling like he should be acting far more rationally based on his demeanor. There needed to be a lot more hatred in his character for him to work which could and should have been there.  Ultimately I do find the movie satisfying, as I find the conclusion compelling. I was very glad to see that Shuri taking up the Black Panther mantle was not the end of her development and that the arc was intrinsically tied to the plot in its climax. I want to see more like this from Marvel. They have stuff to iron out, but I want to see more Marvel movies with third acts this well done.
They should have recast 🤦🏾‍♂️
It's too bad they couldn't stick to the Namor or "Sub-Mariner" lore. It's almost as if they didn't have the right to his character. Oh wait, they didn't. Time will tell but I'm sure this film will end up losing money.
I quit caring about your opinions after your  Dr. Strange 2 review. Basically saying it was good & that Sam Raimi was not to blame for it's short comings.
So Sad EVERY movie Critic HAS to LIKE this POS.. Can't wait to see the Drinkers review. 😂 The Drinker isn't a Simp like Stuckman.
This review is insightful and though somber, is honest and genuine. Thank you Chris.
i am skipping this one  will watch it in ott later thanks for the review though
i dont know, but for me, this is a better film compare to black panther 1
home boy doesnt like naymor
1:40/3:59
This is complete b*******. I don't want to relate to Chadwick dying I want to enjoy this f****** movie without feeling sorrow for two and a half hours. They should have recast the part and continue on in his name. His family even said that's what he would have wanted. F*** this b*******. Black panther 2 without Black panther. Jesus Christ. And who is the new fish guy for Christ's sake
What a shill
Black Panther was much better in Civil war than he was in his own movie.  He even looked better with a cool mix of practical and CG suit in Civil War.  In the solo movie, it  was a craptastic CGI suit-fest, with a laughably terrible last fight and ending.  They skimped out on making their main hero look good in his own suit.  And with Black Panther himself now no longer with us... I can't waste my time watching through a sequel.  Its like making a Batman movie without Batman, no thanks.
Disagree on the pass. You are grading as a sympathetic director and not a viewer. Don’t get in that habit. It’s a bad one.   This movie will stumble bc it is much too long on not enough story.
I never understood the praise for Killmonger. His motivations were stupid along with his behavior.
Thank you for this review, blessings
Love your shirt ❤️😁.
did they magically move wakanda to the coast ? just like the lake in jurrassic world...
Where did you get your shirt? It’s awesome
They should have recast T’Challa. It’s not like the MCU hasn’t done it before.
Didnt this guy say he would stop doing reviews of other film makers work?
I get that Chadwick's death was untimely and very sad.  But, why kill the character of Black Panther?    As an example, if Tom Holland got hit by a car and killed, would Hollywood kill-off the character of Spiderman?   No, they'd find a replacement actor and move on.    I just don't understand why the character of Black Panther was written to have died, because of Chadwick's death.     A new actor could have given the character many more movies, possibly for years to come.
I just finished watching it and it was good not great but shockingly i liked it better than the first LOL
When the Director outright said he was replacing Namor from source material because "white is bad" and he wanted to steer away from that......I was out for the film. Disney/Marvel is ruining the genre.
@chrisstuckmann where did you get your brilliant Metroid shirt?!
Chris how hard is it to give a grade? Seriously you are willing to spill a 90 second ad at the begun of your video even though people like me pay youtube to not watch ads. It's very frustrating to see you have one foot in the door and one out when it comes to your "reviews". There is no longer the suspense of whether you like it or on what level. Your channel is bland now because of it. And yes people I am fully aware he is making movies now and maybe is afraid of saying anything that might bite him in his pan sexual's butt.
Why does everyone keep saying the name as "Naymore" while the villain himself addressed himself as "Na More"
This was a fair and honest review of a movie from a person that I respect. He was sure to highlight the aspects of the film that resonated with him, while also explaining the parts that he believed could be improved upon. He did all this while acknowledging the unique challenges the production was faced with and not overstating a love or dislike for the film as a whole. To craft a good and worthwhile sequel is already a challenge, and to do it without the lead actor lost to tragedy is commendable. Chris did a great job as always and I really enjoy his work.
I'm pretty sure James Cameron will be happy seeing how pooh the vfx are in this movie
Hm, is it just me or does it sound like Chadwick's passing saved the movie? What works best is the handling of this loss, what doesn't work is the actual superhero shenanigans. So without the tragedy we would have got a movie more focused on the later. I haven't sen it yet, but that is what I hear out of several reviews including this one.
Awesome shirt.
Upload the house of the dragon review
Calling it before I even watch: Chris won't mention the racist garbage
I just can't imagine taking the cast from the first film that was completely unlikeable with the exception of T'Challa, and then making a movie about all of them but him, and it still being any good. The first one was the only Marvel film to put myself and my wife to sleep.   Was told not to go see this one, and I don't plan on it.
Great for black woman who don’t need no man..
They wouldn't have half the problems if they hadn't killed off Killmonger. He should have been king for at least part of the first movie and maybe dethroned at the end of the second by Shuri. But, whatever. They're better writers than Stan Lee...
Chris always has the coolest shirts
Please review KANTARA an Indian movie
Angela Bassett need an oscar
Chris where did you get that shirt?!
Big wet fart of a movie
Please stop putting clips of the trailers in your reviews.  It's weird, considering you have ranted about how trailers show too much in the past, that you still put clips in all your reviews.  Some of us don't want to see that footage.
what’s the point of watching chris anymore? He’s way too complimentary as he doesn’t want to jeopardize any possible future relationships in the industry. I don’t blame him because it’s a tough situation to be in, but just stop being a critic if you can’t do it 100% honestly
Wild how Chris review of the first Black Panther changed everything
Kinda lame that you would remove your rating system as a movie reviewer. Could have changed it if u hated the original one but some form of rating system needed to be there.
So frustrated every review of wakanda forever spoils that tchala dies. smh
I miss the letter grades he used to do, can do everything like this just add a letter grade in the end.
Man I hated the first Black Panther. I hope this one is nominally better
✊
Love the Metroid shirt!!
Water grenades.. oh no now I'm wet get me a towel
It isn't  perfect  but its good..great
It’s crazy to see how bad this channel has turned. I knew it was bad when Chris wasn’t gonna give movies F ratings anymore due to not wanting to hurt feelings.   This review shows he’s Turing into a Hollywood shill.
The Batman was a slow burn and terrible dark knight knockoff
You couldn’t relate to it because your white
James Cameron shouldn’t have waited so long to make avatar
He should stop reviews at this point. He so clearly is terrified of giving any actual critiques. Like the reviews are pointless
Where did you get that Metroid dread shirt from!?
Think I'll skip this one, thanks for the review
No, it's Nemo
Are we not going to discuss the soundtrack and music score? It's stunning.
I really appreciate your take on this especially the point about what Ryan and the cast were personally dealing with I heard people say Ryan coogler should have steeped away from this movie and let someone else make it  and not discuss anything about the passing of chadwick boseman  just recast Tchalla and move on  to me you would have had to replace the whole cast  because it effected all of them  people are talking like chadwick boseman only knew Ryan coogler  so get rid of Ryan coogler and recast Tchalla  everything you fine They all needed a go through together  so they can somehow get to a better place  thanks for your  review
Pretty ok movie, better than the first one except many scenes are too dark & iron heart’s armor suits look like a cheap ultraman knock off
I think this movie is better than the first one on each and every aspect. By far the best phase 4 marvel movie (the only good one even, but it's very good).   Shuri's actress really stepped up her game. I didn't like her in the first movie but she knocked it out of the park in this movie.
This sounds like a very nice damage control video.
If dressing a lot of accomplished black actors up in tribal gear and having them beat on drums, fight with spears and clubs and chant Ooooga-Boooga warcries before going in to battle isn't racism.....then I don't know what is anymore
They should have just recast Tchalla. Problem solved.
As someone who recently lost his father to Cancer. I'm scared to go see this movie in public. If Jane foster can make me blubber in Love and Thunder that practically played her ordeal as a fucking joke. I feel this movie may destroy me.
Haven’t always loved your critiques, but just like this film made Ryan Coogler have to up his game, I think that the circumstances/results ratio is forcing everyone, including every critic, to do their ABSOLUTE best work. Not forgiving weaknesses, just accepting the CONTEXT within which the work has been done. I think this is your best work too, Chris; and based on this, I’ll be looking for you more. Bravo!
emotional..................doesn't make a good film. 1st one was overrated.
Haven’t seen the film yet.  Did Chadwick film any part of this movie before he passed?
Where did you get that great Metroid shirt?
Where did you get the shirt!!!?
Is wakonda forever the sequel to woman king? Is the next black panther going to rescue britany griner from her own bad descisions?
Idk , I’m not a fan of what they did in this one. Not to mention damn near 3 hours is a long time to sit in a movie theater. This one missed for me and I don’t see it as a second watch movie. May not tank but it is pretty weak.
This was so much better than the first one. Shuri was great, the queen was great, Namor's character was interesting but all too similar to Killmonger. I found Riri annoying as hell.  I'm happy they managed to successfully pull off a proper tribute to Chadwick/T'Challa, it has been a while since a Marvel movie took itself seriously, so I'm glad this one did. This one has moments of levity here and there, but it's done well and without the usual "Marvel humor"  This movie would not have worked if not for Letitia Wright. She manages to make the transition from "annoying background character who's only purpose is to vomit exposition" to main lead flawlessly. 10/10 performance
Seeing is believing..
So what did Killmonger go through again? His father died sure, and what did that event make him into? A bigoted warmonger who wanted to use weapons to enslave/kill anyone that wasn't african. Not sure if "brilliant" is the right word to describe that.  So are we just gonna ignore the very sudden death of T'challa's father now? He was the Black Panther before his son after all, where was this big grief then? Feels a bit disrespectful towards the father no? P.S.: the first movie was okay at best, for a blackwashed Ironman plot that is. And seeing how you are heavily focusing on just this grief angle the movie probably has little to go with without it...
Great review. Honest but also understanding of the circumstances they were dealing with.
Hmm well wait to see user reviews. How much Disney pay you stuckman?
..... M. Jordan sucked as a villain in the first film.  He just played an angry version of himself. Very run of the mill villain.
Probably another heavy handed Marvel forced movie
I’m guessing this will have a big opening weekend and then it will drop off. Thinking Thor Love and Thunder numbers.
I thought Chadwick was great as the character, especially in Civil War, but I wish they would've just recasted. Marvel has recasted actors before, even ones that had past away such as the actor that played General Ross is now being played by Harrison Ford. I just feel like we haven't got "T-Challa's" story fully fleshed out yet.
Well said. Can't wait to see this. Very right, Ryan Coogler had a very tough task on hand.
You are very wrong about Namor, other than that I agree with everything else
How can I watch this when it's advertised as being not for me?
Hey people! How bout watch the film for yourself. The moment he opened his mouth I new he was gone start hating
It's NAH MORE, not Namor. This isn't the same character as the classic Atlantis guy.
We just saw it, and we loved it. And the fact that a HUGE cinema room went quiet at the emotional parts, say a LOT. Go see it!
Marvel is not Cinema
I knew this movie would suck, and yes, indeed it sucks. Just like the previous one
First one was dreadful. Embarrassing CGI and fighting rhinos. So this one was worse? Yikes
Not paying to watch "supporting cast and diversity extras" the movie.
I love Chris reviews but I just can't get by somebody liking the Batman WTH? THAT MOVIE WAS HORRIBLE 🤣😂🤣😂
Let this sink in, Out if the six Phase 4 MCU films, only Shang-Chi and Spider-Man No Way Home are in the 90 percentile in both critics and audience score (on Rotten Tomatoes) and Shang-Chi being the only new film to do so.
Halloween ends??
Translation, it sucks.
Michael b jordan as killmonger was the most compeling villain until thanos came.
The first black Panther was a mixed bag for me. Kilmonget was the weakest part of the film for me, especially the writing for him. We can only go up from here.
Ever since I started watching "Geeks & Gamers" & "Friday Night Tights" I can't watch the phase 4 films anymore. I feel like Neo when he finally saw the matrix for what it is, trash. Chris Gore is right about current Hollywood & it's really unfortunate.
What the music from Ludwig gorasson?
Stunning and brave
Its a bit of a shame, if this one isn't as good as the first & the first isn't very good at all. Part 1 is an incredibly overrated movie, so much hype that it couldn't backup.
I'm glad to hear this really positive review. Sure, I expected it not to be as phenomenal as the first film but knowing what Ryan coogler and the team had to deal with, the fact that this movie came out really great at all is fantastic. Not as good as the first, but still great. That's what I expected and it looks like that's what we got. I'm really looking forward to this film now.
Review paidman…change the name😂😂😂
A minor supporting character like Korg, who ended up entirely too much in Thor love and thunder and then also was the narrator we never asked for nor wanted
I grew up with wakanda forever
I grew up reading namor or the submariner who was first before Aquaman but all yaw know is Aquaman. Again Hollywood dodges the idea of Africans striking revenge on the west and put black on black crime on the big screen still gotta have 1 white boy present even if it's 1 it's cool black Americans are stupid and gullible anyway if they did it it would be white Jesus in a black panther church in watts so I'll rent it but not going to the big screen for any more marvel films I died with Tony Stark's
This looks absolutely horrible
Marvel took the cheap way out.  Bc the actor died you had to kill the character as well?????  Tchalla should have lived on and they should have delayed the movie. Plus Namor looks nothing like the comic character...thats why we loved the MCU..the characters looked like the comics.  They have lost their way.
I haven’t seen this yet but the more I hear, the more I think it will be the type of film I like. I want to see characters speak through their loss, and maybe political conflict. I know we’ll get fights but tbh I don’t need them with this movie, I guess I’ll see
Shill Stuckmann
The Batman is a boring slog.
wow yet another insightful and entertaining review from christopher stuckmann XD
I'm seeing Wakanda Forever tomorrow. The Guardians movies made me emotional so Wakanda Forever could make me emotional.
wasn't the first black panther about loss of a loved one and dealing with that loss?
So it's like a Superman movie without Superman. Pass.
Cant Just replace King Tchalla. I dont care how much people like it. I wouldnt watch a Batman movie without Bruce Wayne. Would never watch Spiderman without peter parker ( miles morales is cool but he doesnt cut it and is not peter). The same goes for Tchalla, he is just as important and has a 60+ year history
The movie is a masterpiece! Racists will say otherwise
That is a sick shirt, I need it
I found the first movie pretty average and forgettable. Shame they wasted Black Panther himself who was great in Civil War but took a back seat in his own film.
Should have just let Jordan carry on as Black Panther.
So, no mention at all that this is a female empowerment movie and that they changed Namor drastically and gave him a Mayan/Aztec origin with a SPANISH accent?  All of this mourning for T'Challa but no mourning for his father, King T'Chaka? Why was the mourning completely absent from the first film? Why? Makes sense if you don't know how to write coherent stories and you count on viewers to be as scatter brained as you are.  Marvel execs need to monitor the making of these movies better. We are getting expensive B movies with stupid stories.
What happened to black Adam review?
M E T R O I D
Leticia surprised me... she was wonderful
Chris where’s the review of Tar?!
This is ridiculous they should have recast
Enola Holmes 2 and Terrifier 2 getting better reviews? Ouch. I wouldn't see this at gunpoint. The first Panther was overrated, overhyped and overlong. But at least the weird rhinos at the end were hilarious.
You've given the first Honest, fair review I've seen on Youtube. Thank you.
michael b jordan’s part in the first movie was shit! - an African hero should not be written around parochial black american issue fffs! the world is bigger than the US
White people are not allowed to watch this movie. It's only for black and brown people 🤦🏽‍♂️🤯
I thought W's were not allowed to watch this movie.
Stuckman, we were clearly told we can't watch this movie because we're white.  What are you doing?  Black people hate us and specifically said to stay out.  I don't want you cancelled bro.
Marvel is woke trash
tea
Wasnt surprised that this wasnt better than batman first film was very generic so this one being ok dosent surprise me
Chris, your shirt is one of the coolest fucking things I've ever seen. Someone tell me where I can get that one.
This movie was much better than the first one. I miss chadwick, but the first movie was so generic. This one had more purpose
Watched it last night and I shed so many tears the marvel studios intro really started it with just pure silence and Chadwick being shown everywhere till the end a wonderful tribute to Chadwick
Why do people still watch this s@@@ and the first movie was trash.
EDIT: Grammar Pretty much emphasizes how I felt about the movie. (It opened overseas yesterday In some countries.)  Some narrative issues, but the performances taken it isolation were good, The CGI is pretty good, and Coogler did a really good job with the shit sandwich he was handed. They were not long from going to shoot and he had to rewrite everything from scratch, especially knowing how interconnected these movies are generally planned to be.   I mean, he stated in an interview recently that he had gone over the finished script with Boseman 2 weeks before he passed. And then he had to turn around and do it all from scratch, really at a time when he was supposed to be starting to shoot the movie.   It was quite an amazing job under those circumstances and a movie that's at least as good as the Eternals or Doctor Strange 2 in isolation.
For me one thing make defrente ... there a jokes in this movie ? You understand what I mean bro 🥴
I hope this film does as well as the first. The cast took on a crazy weight with this one.   P.S. I love your shirt! I just got done playing through Metroid Dread.
After you said that Morffyyd Clark did a good job in Rings of Crap, I dont care about your opinion.....by the way, I'm sure you loved this movie....as always
I gotta agree. It's a fine movie. But not a Top Half MCU movie for me. PS: Danai Gurira is fantastic as always
It’s such a shame it seems to be after the great Stan Lee’s passing Marvel has just gone straight to the gutter such a shame
Urgh Hate MCU moviesl
From all the eras of cinema, this superhero crap had to happen in my lifetime. I have the cold feeling it won't end until the end of my days. I curse the gods!
This is the best movie of Phase 4, (though Spider-Man comes close).. I was so disappointed in Dr Strange & Thor, that my expectations were lower than they normally would be.. But this movie blew me away.. I can understand why some people would be critical of some of the decisions that were made. But I enjoyed this better than the first one.. Although I’ve only seen it once now
I really disliked the first movie. a hyper advanced society that elects its ruler by battle to death. yeah right. fuck that, not gonna watch this one.
Chris looks like Hide the Pain Harold in the thumbnail.
I didn't like the first movie.  Before I get "racist" thrown at me, my wife is black and she was offended at being patronized to.  Black Panther was just a bad movie, I have little doubt, based on the teasers that it will be worse.   Can we PLEASE have a movie with a female protagonist that doesn't include the line "I like her" without there being any reason to liking them? How about they EARN the liking rather than it being an initial factor?
It's not cool you skipped right over The Woman King
Thank you for never uploading a new profile picture 📹👌
I’m still not gonna watch it. I’d much rather wait till it streams on Disney+.
The best of the movie is Rihanna's new song.
They should release the original black panther 2 script as a book just to see what it could be
Damn, not as good as the first? I thought that one was highly overrated so that's a bad sign. Visually this one looks better from everything I've seen but I'll likely wait to watch it at home.
Didn't like the first one most likely won't even watch this one.
Wakanda already had to deal with the death of the once Panther in Infinity War/EndGame...along with half the rest of their population. But we never had a chance to really that unfold in those films.
was able to watch it early. : NO SPOILERS  felt long .maybe not for kids, a lot of dialog, and kids may not be able to get through it. .a lot of the "things" discussed by others thought were coming in this did not happen or even hinted at . felt kinda obvious  .because its Hollywood it will get a nomination but is not deserving of one .Angela Basset was level 10 .Sets up Disney+ Iron Heart . Did not live up to the hype but to be fair that was impossible  . first BP was a 9.5  this was a 7.5  but make no mistake it's an obvious watch and entertaining but not as good as the first one. Just go and don't expect to be blown away into the next universe and you'll be fine.
Sup, Chris. So? How's that movie of your coming along. 🤔
I think Ryan wanted to honor Chadwick I think he wanted to create this movie just for that very reason.
Loved this movie, MCU IS BACK!
RIP CHADWICK 😢 WORLD WILL NOT BE THE SAME WITHOUT YOU🙏
I like that you didn't spoil it🙂
Ryan coogler don’t miss man. He’s hit every time so far
Can you do a tattoo tour?
Isn’t it crazy? At first, Black Panther was alive and then was dust. Then he came back alive and then all of a sudden he’s dead because Chadwick passed away. I know haven’t seen this film but I’ve obviously seen the trailers to understand it. I remember I got a notification out of nowhere in 2020 saying that he passed away then I found he actually had cancer and that he was hiding it. It still feels like he’s still with us
Killmonger was a pretty bad villain with a very weak motivation.😂
I've been hearing pretty bad reviews, like it's 70% women and, very little M'Baku. I know Chris will give us an honest review, seems like he's been gone awhile
Chris, I was waiting on your review for Halloween Ends. Are u going to do one?
I’m skipping this one.  I’ll wait for Coogler to make another film like Creed or Fruitvale Station.
Hard pass
this movie sucks ass.the pacing is horrible. there are certainly okay spots but this is certainly not a good movie in anyway.
Why no Halloween ends review? It was good
No black Adam review 🥲🥲🥲
Just another boring superhero movie.
What about Black Adam?
I get your point but I like what they did with Namor and his relationship with Shuri without revealing anything, I thought it was a great villain.
I personally hope the movie bombs
Pretty excited to see this! A bit sad they didn’t recast T’Challa, but I understand and respect the decisions made.
So T'challa's father (the previous black panther) dies a few years earlier (in winter soldier).  It was also a sudden death.  Why in T'challa's death more devastating to the nation of Wakanda?
I didn’t think much of the first one. So, I am not optimistic. Then again the MCU hasn’t done it for me in a while now.
your add-to-content ratio is now beyond watchable.
I watched the movie and what I thought happened in terms of the story, but this IronHeart is stupid to me because it's like making a suit for yourself like the first part of the movie in Iron Man, and we all know very well that these people from Wakanda have Vibranium and can buy everything pakup or you who IronMan with nanobots. More precisely, now Spider-Man has that possibility, and where are the other characters? That's why they can't have the same technology and belong to the Avengers team. That bothers me the most
Chris, it would be cool if you would watch the Bollywood movie called Mr India from 1987
RIP Boseman. Unfortunately the show must go on and they should have recast , these characters never die they live on forever they all will get recast at some point , now since they’ve killed him off they have painted themselves in a corner they wont be able to get out of now the film has been made but whoa just imagine those incredible storylines we missed out on epically tragic i must say .
Michael B. Jordan's brilliant Kilmonger?! Chris, I have never disagreed with you more. His acting was awful, character sucked, and I would not have his character return.
Thanks Chris.
Just more woke black pride garbage
Thanks for the honest review as always.
I’m honestly very hyped because we’re finally gonna have our first Hispanic superhero in the MCU!
Finally critical thoughts again
Should not have killed Tchalla. Very silly decision.
Died from Covid… what a damn joke
As someone from Mexico I appreciate the change on Namor being related to Mayans. It was definitely a good reimagination regardless of what some may say.
They could have just recast T'Chala. Happens all the time.
Chris is the best, great review sir!
Those Displates contribute to global warming.
Dude wtff is that beautiful Metroid shirt????? Just do a Dread review already💙
Getting tired of the girl power shit.
"20 minutes too long" seems to be a common complaint of this movie.
Are you going to make a God of war ragnorak review? You already did spiderman review for ps4, so please make a god of war review
It's understandable it wasn't as good as the first one especially with no Chadwick or Michael but u still got me looking forward to seeing this film
Chris grew up with Black Panther
Black Adam review???
When I hear the words "slow burn" nowadays, I do think of a boring, drawn-out, overhyped piece of media. Anyone and their grandmother is now using it to justify liking something that's actually not that good, instead of realizing that they're just to invested into whatever world the movie/show is portraying to be able to think more critically. Rings of Power is a slow burn for some Lord of the Rings fans, who are able to emerse themselves in the world no matter what, for example. Just my two cents.
How dare you? How could you go see this movie when mean black people told us white folks not to. 🤭😂
But how woke is the movie? I worry that it's not woke enough...
Ofc you like this woke BS
Yet another disappointing sequel
Wow that sucks. The first movie was in the bottom five of the mcu movies, so if this one is worse…..That’s a low bar they needed to clear, and they couldn’t. :(
Finally! Was eagerly waiting for Chris's review!
Skipping BP2. Marvel is not getting my hard work for cash. Especially with their woke garbage. Woke black creator are request white people not to go and I will not see this movie and hope it dies on the opening weekend.   Tired of black supremist bs. Tired of black victimhood.  Your ancestors were slave and the democrats did harm to your ancestors. Get over it.   I wanted to see this movie because I like Boseman. I’m just tired of black woke bs.  Stan Lee created Black Panther. He was a Jewish man. Heck he co-created the Marvel universe with white creators. Woke idiots are ruining the Marvel universe movie and comics.
Cameron won't give a single sh*t about the water stuff in this one. Avatar 2 is going to have the best water VFX ever put on screen, and the people working on it are probably not overworked or underpaid, as Marvel likes it to be.
I love that shirt man, it looks great 🔥
Thanks for your video Chris… I know how busy you are, and I want to let you know it’s greatly appreciated!! Always good waking up to a new video from you! Thumbs up from your fans down under ❤❤❤
Black Adam >>>>>>> Black Panther
I’m seeing it Saturday with my family we can’t wait love Black Panther and Chadwick Boseman 🖤
The first Black Panther movie was mediocre at best. I think I will like the sequel more
They trying to start a race war
Ngl was not expecting criticism from the new Chris
Chris abandoned his numerical rating system so that he could get away without giving movies like this a 10. Smart move.
So no mention of namor or his people? Weird.
I think people are going to be terrified to give this 2hr40min movie a bad review.
I just don't have any energy left, to watch these super hero movies. I am beyond burned out by now. It might be a good movie, but I need a LONG break from the genre. The last two years, I just zone out when watching them. Oh well, maybe I'll give it a watch, a couple of years from now.
I watched it and I can definitely predict that it’s not going to be as popular among Black Americans as the first one. But as an African, I can say for sure this was a better film than the first in terms of accuracy and representation, even little details like the elephants bathing at dusk ( the word for dusk in my language roughly translates to the hour when elephants bath).  Angela Basset embodies a grieving African mother, I was so impressed by how I kept thinking of my own mother in her mannerisms and the way she talked. She is getting that nomination.   Shuri is amazing, Riri is annoying and there’s too much Iron Man ripoffs in terms of the amour. Namor is charismatic as hell and subtler than Killmonger which makes him a better villain imo.  Like most Africans, I felt like the first Black Panther was an African story written through the eyes of someone who has never left California, I’m glad to say this is a much more accurate portrayal of Africans and how we relate to the rest of the world.
You pronounced Namor wrong you bigot.
Why would you watch this as a white person? It’s their time.
I know it's sad I know it hurts but they should have just recast his role
Shuri the new blackpanther?
I'm not excited about this movie at all. Maybe super hero fatigue?
So the movie sucks. 👍
TChalla died at least three times in something like a 6 year period (Thanos snap, BP1, BP2). What is life like for Wakanda's people when they don't know if the king is alive or dead this time or the next?
You are probably the most honest and genuine movie reviewer.  You keep putting out bangers
Literally a gay movie
Will definitely not be watching this one!
Literally ONLY negative things to say about Namor? I don't like that at all...
*Chris Shillman*
They should have just recasted T’challa, it’s not like that hasn’t been done in the MCU before.
Was not that good
So the main character is… Wakanda. Right?
The first film was annoying, and now the sequel is sad and boring. No, thanks. I'm good.
Can we all appreciate that Chris injected criticism in this review?
Funn he will do a marvel movie review but not do a dc one on black Adam yeah we see he is a marvel shill
Gotta review black adam and elvis come on man
Should have recast Black Panther,  wouldnt be the first time a movie franchise has done it.  Sure it would have been painful but the characters are bigger than the actors
Saw it last night, Namor was the best part of this movie.
I love your review. Can't wait to see it myself soon, so I can have my own opinion on the film. Also I love Ryan Cooglar as a filmmaker as well.
Is he still begging for money?
So how did TChalla die in cannon?
this movie sounds emotionally manipulative, but most importantly, equitable lol
Lol everyone was bashing Matt “ Supes “ Ramos for liking the movie less than the first one and here you got Chris Stuckmann also liking the movie less than the first one
Excellent review, Chris.
I don’t have any interest in seeing Black Panther:Wakanda Forever
So is this the third or fourth time wakanda has mourned T'Challa's death? He was thought dead in the first movie after the fight with killmonger and then he was thought dead cause of the snap. Kinda ridiculous
What ever happened to just recasting another actor in the central role?
When you die for real, you die in the movie
andor?
What do you think about she hulk ?😅
Where did you get that metroid shirt??! I want it!
$1 billion easy!
I'm glad you are starting to bring back criticisms to your reviews, especially MCU movies.
Hard pass, any movie that goes woke is a no for me. Loved the first one, it’s a shame
So... You hate latinos. 🤔
surprised they didnt just recast him. they did it with hulk
this movie is mediocre what the producers did is bank on the death of the  character and diversity card which is being pushed politically and commercially to sell products
Can't spell Boring without Slow Burn.......  .....ing.
He likes this less than the first one ... oh God the first one wasn't very good
The first one was awful. It was so cringe.  They had Black Panther "pound" (👊) his friend and give him "daps" like he was a "homie". This one will be JUST as cringe. MCU SUCKS NOW! It just does. They're all cookie cutter movies with some Woke Propaganda mixed in there. I don't understand how a filmmaker or a person that's a film buff could even stand these Black Panther "films". There, I said it.
I expect the best of the movie to be the grief for black panthers passing. Which is unfortunate. Chris touches on narrative issues which is a general mcu issue and I fully expect this movie to have the same problems. Overall i expect it to be just another mediocre assembly line product even if its above the rest. There's not much competition.  All that being said, I haven't watched it yet and I am extremely hesitant to pay for it in theaters
just a reminder Chris wrote and directed Notes from Melanie. so  any writing,editing,direction critiques  he has should be taken with a silo of salt.
Can't wait for Critical Drinker to make an hour long video about how this film is "woke"
I just watched it... I must say I'm a little disappointed. Some characters are useless, others underdeveloped, there are too many of them. Namor is one of my biggest satisfactions: powerful, great backstory, and an antagonist with his own agenda. A nice addition to the MCU. I understand it must have been difficult to do it without Boseman, but some narrative choices seems rushed or pointless, so it could be easily removed 20 minutes from the movie. To make it simple, the movie begins great, is okay in the middle, and not that good in the end, so it was a disappointment feeling when I left the theater, but in an overall analysis, despite its flaws Wakanda Forever is okay.
Thanks Chris, your reviews are great
Every review of this film that I've read or heard mentions Angela Bassett. Sounds like she should win.
Just saw it. It’s ok. Not amazing, not terrible, just ok.
I can see how you'd be less impressed if this is a film that's missing the most powerful part of the first film (Boseman) and your favorite part of the first film (Jordan).
Ohhh it had been a while since I disagreed with Chris! It's really interesting, though. I personally liked that the narrative took a back seat and we were allowed to watch characters make mistakes and then realizing what that meant in the larger scale not of the universe, but of their inner world. I didn't need to feel pain or sympathy for Namor in the same way I felt myself coinciding with Killmonger. I really liked what his last scene did to finish his introduction.  It had been a while since I didn't roll my eyes at an MCU movie. I had missed this.
Absolutely tho I’m trusting Ryan Coogler with all my heart and soul . And I can’t wait to see this on Saturday night , I know Chadwick Boseman would be proud and we all miss him dearly . Wakanda Forever always
Not a good movie. Skip it.
Does Chris not give letter grades anymore?
Couldn't be less interesting
Love the shirt! Metroid Prime 4 can't come soon enough!
Without an actual black panther i will pass, i will also pass cause the ads are lame and seeing the racists on social media say that whites should not see this movie, not interested in this series ever again. get a new black panther and get rid of the woke crap ilike sayinn the name of what should be an aztec character suddenly becomes hispanic. nah
I’ll be monitoring this comment section to make sure that everyone says positive things about this film. Racists be warned.
Chadwick is a boss. Loved him in 43. But I'm not allowed to see this movie iv been told bc I'm white so I guess I will never know how good it could have been.
Chris have you ever thought about getting a Letterboxd? Would be awesome seeing reviews and lists from you on there
"with every Displate you buy, you plant one tree"  Oh that's awesome! Here's the money, I'd like five. *grim face* "Now start digging." Wh...what?
I dont know but im kinda done with the MCU now. They just have no cohesion in Phase four so far. Maybe it's me but im feeling a bit burnt out.
Chris touched on this throughout the review……  When you lose not only the main character of that particular universe unexpectedly, but also lose one of your best friends, how do you even come close to creating a story to not only honor your friend, but also show the pain and the effects it has taken on everyone?!?!?! To even complete a task like this, I am so excited to see this on screen and just the mere completion of this task is good enough for me!!! 👍🏾
It was always going to be tough following Black Panther up after Chadwick’s death. I’m glad to hear this sequel has pulled it off.
I trust Chris more than the sexist Chris Gore and the rest of Midnight's Edge
Black Panther should still be recasted and this movie was good enough but should've been better.. the ending was underwhelming
The first one was overrated. I hope this one is great. It already feels really different and actually has some vision from what I’ve seen from trailers
Off topic but dig that Hey Arnold tattoo!
Seeing it tomorrow night, DS2 and Thor L&T were both disappointing for me (particularly L&T) so really hoping I enjoy this one.
Movie is a woke trash. First one was tolerable and isn't even that great, just got overhype by the woke mobs when in reality tts just meh.
Rest easy, Chadwick Boseman. Wakanda Forever.
I wish Disney didn't reward Letitia Wright with a whole-ass franchise after all of her homophobia and anti-vax stuff came to light
Love your Metroid shirt. Can you tell me where to get it?
I’m going Sunday to see this with a group of 6 friends.
Final fight all CGI again?
Phase 4 has its grand finale! Will it end with a whimper or a bang? It will end with some tears though!
Angela Bassett should have been black panther!💪
I really enjoyed the film! A few criticisms aside, like the runtime definitely being too long, and also the fact that many of the fight scenes were extremely poorly executed. Also Riri was pretty annoying but not as bad as I was expecting. Otherwise it was a great film and Shuri, M’Baku and Namor totally stole the show! As well as the Queen of course
for me the movie is summed up with one word...mediocre. Not bad..but not good too.
Will be skipping this one was not really a fan of the first one honestly the best Black Panther movie was Captain America Civil War
Too black for me, hard pass
No black adam review?
I saw it last night and I loved it! Especially Namor~~
Jeremy and Chris are the best. I waited till they both posted and here I am.
I’m really excited to see this on the weekend! ☺️
I'll wait for the 4k blu ray.
Can we all just take a minute to appreciate that Chris is still regularly uploading while working on Shelby Oaks?
To me, marvel movies are just the same, they have no personality, even if they hire a big time movie director. It turns out just the same dull thing from a movie machine
Very average. Did not need to be made.
Everybody clapped when the name Chadwick Boseman came up. Gone way too soon man.
Thanks for giving your thoughts on this film Chris and I hope that it'll be worth the watch cuz I'll see you soon hopefully 😉
Phase 4 has been underwhelming so far...... bit skeptical about this
Still no Halloween Ends?
I hope the casting of Letitia Wright doesn't sent the sign to young women, that if you hunger yourself to a skeleton, you will become a super hero.
Are those Ranma 1/2 VHS's on the shelf?? lol
wokekanda forever
I went into this with the lowest expectations due to the current state of the mcu and characters I didn't really care about but it honestly blew me away with it's character development, emotion, tone and action scenes which are all an improvement over the first in my opinion. Ryan Coogler continues to cement himself as one of the best modern day directors.
Great review Chris, I will skip this movie, kind of want to see a superhero movie with superheroes, and if doesn't have that, or suspense, or mystery, or intrigue I will pass.
Did not like the 1st one and this one will not get me to the cinema. I might catch it online or something, but in no rush even then. The whole Marvel thing has really been lacklustre for a few years now....although I do like the look of Ant-man 3.
Where are the men??👀
Couldn’t see this tomorrow because of an Aftersun showing, but I’m very excited to see this on Saturday! Thanks for the review as always Chris!!
WAKANDA FOREVER!
Black Panther 2 seems like marvel studios had to force themselves to make another great movie again, because they had pressure to honor someone’s legacy. And they know if they mess it up they will be screwed!   Doctor Strange 2 and Thor 4. Had NO actor to honor their legacy so they didn’t have to TRY nearly as hard.   Which would prove to me if marvel really wanted to make a great movie anytime they wanted. They just need an excuse for it. Which is completely not fair, every Marvel movie should get the same treatment of being well written. AFTER END GAME!!
Rest in Power, Chadwick Boseman, you are sorely missed. 🙏 🕊️
R.I.P. Chadwick Boseman (1976-2020)
Are you going to review terrifier 2?
If actors are the one's who are saving this movie it means this is a BAD movie
Got my food ready and Chris Stuckman on the TV
Phase 4 has been up and down, hope this one delivers!!
Any update on Shelby oaks? Feel like we haven’t heard anything in months
On my way to watch it right now !!! In about a couple hours    It is fitting to watch this tonight since this morning had my grandma's funeral
Movie was awful
After The Eternals (which should have been a TV series instead of a movie), Multiverse of Madness (which had a bad script), and Love and Thunder (which is just... awful), I've been very hesitant on further MCU stuff. Kind of felt like it might be time to let it go.  I guess I'll give it another go with this. I mean this is the next movie after Love and Thunder, but still.
Shills gonna shill
I'm definitely going to check the movie out although I know there's many in the anti sjws community that hope the movie fails. Because haters have to hate.
Hello, Chris. I'm a PIMO JW. I just want to say that I always loved your reviews and when you came out with your story with the Jehovah's Witnesses, it helped me to wake up. I still have to go to meetings because I live with my parents, but I know that I'm not the only one who has gone through this, and I hope one day I'll be free.
Cmon nah recast tchalla
Is this another movie with strong independent woke women?
meow!
Rest In Peace Mr. Boseman, we all miss you🖤
I can’t wait to see it!!
I absolutely cried when Shuri puts on her Vibranium boots then said "It's Pantherin' time!" then slashed all over Namor's soldiers.
Easily the best movie since Endgame, other than the 3 Peter's scenes in NWH
Does Chris respond?
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOUR REVIEW CHRIS
I miss when Chris reviewed movies he didn't like😔 He skipped Black Adam and Eternals. Movies need constructive criticism to improve
I am not even a fan of the movie in general but I just want to know what Chris think about the movie 😁
Can’t wait to see Namor! I love how they got a relatively unknown actor to play him
So is good movie or bad movie 🍿 😅
Chris, make a meet and greet here in Los Angeles. We need that ! Been following you for a long time. Hope all is well! 🙏🏽
LET'S GO I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE
I have trepidations about this film
👍
Iron man 1 still the best mcu movie
Don’t care about any other reviews other than Chris’s
Do the Weird Al movie next.
This movie was a big task, but if I trust anyone to direct it, it would be Ryan Coogler
I would never waste my time watching this movie.
Would you ever start reviewing music, tv shows and video games 🎮 🤘🤘🤘
Black Panther 2 seems like marvel studios had to force themselves to make another great movie again, because they had pressure to honor someone’s legacy. And they know if they mess it up they will be screwed!   Doctor Strange 2 and Thor 4. Had NO actor to honor their legacy so they didn’t have to TRY nearly as hard.   Which would prove to me if marvel really wanted to make a great movie anytime they wanted. They just need an excuse for it. Which is completely not fair, every Marvel movie should get the same treatment of being well written. AFTER END GAME!!
Grah grah boom
WAKANDA FOREVER!
Chris could you review all quiet on the western front in Netflix?
I was wondering when you were gonna upload. We miss you Chris!
1st
Sad
First on the stuckmann vid
Never clicked a video so fast lol
Yeah
Noti gang
Wakanda forvever!!
Nice
