I FORGOT TO LINK THE PODCAST!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
A tip on top of the price? They know what to charge already unless they charge like dollar why give them extra money
WHAT IS THAT TITLE.
thats the harcut they gave you?
Poor little willie😢
happy 3 mil big willy
It was the wrong grape 🍇
So relatable
Is nobody going to mention the Lego star destroyer on a shelf at his ex job???
James is a fucking hero.
"I'm gonna commandeer a bomb disposal robot" literally sends me thinking that we have the apocalypse
I don’t know what’s funnier: The fact that he introduced failed mythbuster Allen Pan by dumping a mutilated grape in his mouth, or that I’ve come to expect failed mythbuster Allen Pan in so many videos that when I see him, I just go “Ah THERE’S failed mythbuster Allen Pan!”
Hola
Williams old boss is Awesome man what a great guy
hey mr i live neer flint mi
James
Could you imagine if a future internally mounted "exoskeleton" accidently turns your elbow inside out while working on something? Kinetics are fun!
7:00 Maybe he's born with it, maybe it's ✨✨METHAMPHETAMINE✨✨
"...well good to know that my profession can't be taken by a robot" 🥲
When did he change to title to touching my self with a robot
Ya actually I've got exactly the same fear. Accept mine comes from tests I had to have as a kid for epilepsy. They put one of those sensor plastic caps on, like a fancy swimming hat but with electronics on. Oh they then had to inject gel under each of the sensor things with a syringe and the tech kept stabbing me in the head. Anyway after this obviously I didn't want anyone touching my hair but I needed a hair cut so my mum dragged me with a bribe to the hair dressers. Anyway she then soaked me whilst washing my hair and so I had to take my top and trousers off in the hairdressers so she could dry them. Oh yhea she then really fucked up my hair. The next time I needed a hair cut I did it myself and so ended up with a skinhead at the age of 7.....🤔 Wonder why I hate hair dressers.
This is a 2nd person point of view video with you cutting your hair!
“It looks like I live in flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water” is one of the funniest descriptors I’ve ever heard used, and I’m going to steal it and use it on people who haven’t seen this video so they think that I’m as funny as I think you are
no wonder William docent work there anymore
Ft. Trader Joe’s Christmas peppermint chocolate bark
StuffMadeHere did it better
well this is not what i expected
Why does this dude remind me of Morty if he grew up and Rick died
Seriously though, check out 1927 in Ventura they got great barbers and Josh the owner is a great dude
the usc lego builds in the background are sick
Interesting
His hair is still fucked up after his visit to supercuts at the end. William has come full circle back to the penis hair tier do of his childhood.
His old boss is a real champ.
Employee: Nice to know my job can't be taken by a robot... Me: *cries in artist and AI learning to make art from a database of collected pieces across the internet*
OMG I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE! I WAS TRAMATISED FROM BAD HAIR CUTS AS A CHILD AND TO THIS DAY HATE GETTING MY HAIR CUT. PLEASE BIG WILLY I NEED YOUR MACHINE
Honestly I’m 99% sure you had a bad experience with haircuts because you just went to super cuts😭like the dollar general of barbershops
nah bruh supercuts did u dirty 💀
that is the best boss ever
Didnt expect to see William molest Alan with a Robot. 😂
William Osman to Jesse Pinkman transformation.
I'M A LIL WILLY FOR LIFE!
I too postpone and hate getting haircuts for no exact reason
3:40 - I'm reminded of House when he was hallucinating and he used the Da Vinci machine to give Cameron an orgasm....     🤣🤣🤣
It's not gay if it's the robot touching you! 🤣😂
he looks like Aaron paul  ,jesse pinkman
You need a comb
3:58 DIK CAM
My final time going to super cuts was when the lady cutting my hair told me she finished two redbulls before cutting my hair. She completely ruined my head and my day
I had a cucumber today
This is the Scorn pre alpha gameplay
I haven't had a haircut in more than 6 years
i honestly like big hair William the most
No matter how advanced they become, I would never trust a robot to cut my hair.
Do you really live in Flint?
Use the robot to do more things on future videos!
best boss ever. man the side characters on the best on this channel.
You look like a ripoff Jesse Pinkman with that second haircut
The fact it was broken actually worries me, what if that happened during bomb disposal?
Robot made to save the lives of many, uses it to unzip another man’s pants
8:00 JESSE!
Dr. Octopus missed out on this opportunity.
At 4:15 my mom asked me what I was watching☹️
good hair man
Georgio from ancient aliens
3:56 I'm officially uncomfortable! Thank you William
I think his old hair looked nice, it's a lot better than taking methamphetamines
I know I’m late but can you make a mech with this technology?
Is this what it’s like to be in a 3rd person game?
Well he is "The bomb"
Ayy thanks for the shout out. From Flint with Love ❤️.
jesse pinkman not on meth. wait but he is.......
The less a person looks like they should be able to give a haircut, the more they think they can't and the more they care about what it'll look like I ended up with a barber who looked like 16 but was the best I've ever had and didn't seem to hold a grudge against me edging on assault
Mate I'm jealous every time I try to grow my hair out it looks awful and I try everething to make it look and yet this man with no effort has better haircut then me ever
you tip barbers? What!
Straight out of Spongebob
Why does James look like Ryan Reynolds cool robot-making dad?
i just watched someone get violated by a robot, love this channel
I love how he explains it like we’re also gonna make one 😂
ssssssssssssssssssssssssmokin
The rant at the beginning about how barbers always mess up haircuts is so true, doesn't matter how much detail I provide or if I show them a picture! It always comes out bad!
A Flowbee would be much easier then bomb disposal hair
In this video Alan pan, failed mythbuster, was violated by a robot
Is this Ratatouille
Why does he look like the mf from Breaking bad
the way caretaker talks to the supercuts people with palpable disappointment
Surgeon simulator be like
I didn´t know, allen getting undressed by a robot could be so funny
Appreciate the flint michigan shout out lol
This is literally what 2nd person view is !
That’s my Supercuts lol
I keep repressing the part where the lobster gets frisky with Allen, so everytime I watch this video I am surprised again
Next up, diffusing a bomb with a razor
the robot shakes a lot, if i wa smaking it i would make the arms slow down the closer they are to the target angles like (target_angle-current_angle)/128 easy solution to making them less shaky
Big Willie is looking a little sus @ 9:28
"i look like i live in flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water" kek
love the arrested development reference
I live in Flint Michigan. Lol 🤣
this video would've been complete if it was sponsored by keeps
You are awesome Thank you for existent! Tune out those frckn haters! Love you!
So this is what rocket surgery looks like
I like your podcast. I've binged 10 hrs so far. Very funny.
C rAB
3:05 Alan being feed by robot overlords, skynet is real.
I always got that haircut as a kid too 🤣.  One day I told my mom I felt like a mushroom head. since then I've looked like a dirty hippie
i feel like james enjoyed the moment of having hair again
7:00 The funniest part is that he REALLY DOES look 20 years younger
Jessy we haft to cook
The childhood photo from 1:43 kind of reminds of Conan, which is a compliment, just to be clear
honestly i think his hair looked better in the intro than it did in the outro
O
my hair looks like a dick! 😂😂😂
damn u were right about those supercuts
1:17 MARVEL LOKI EPISODE 4 , my man you got my respect for being a marvel fan
This is epic hahaha
your old boss is actually Krieger from archer.. cool
James is a good man
Question: WTF WAS YOUR OLD JOB????
Your first mistake was getting your hair cut at Supercuts as a kid
0:40 you look like Jessie from Breaking Bad
Sick, but can it do a fade?
Supercuts is just horrible
Damn, a couple skittles and half a green bean. Allan may have almost been a mythbuster, but he certainly has everyone beat for bellybutton storage
I have an old Beatles bowl cut and it’s beautiful
Allen resembled like his shirt
"Well at least I know my job can't be taken by a robot"  This is fucking ridiculous and I love it. I'm literally crying 😂
Hang on if you worked on the attachment since 2019 then that means that the video where caretaker cuts your hair with gardening implements was ALL PART OF THE PROCRASTINATION
The only thing missing is a room filled with kids and a police officer
I wonder if you got a real hairdresser to cut their hair with the robot, how would it go?
I liked his old hair better
Jesse pinkman
That guy had a job involving bomb disposal robots? Seriously?
I miss seeing you make stuff. I am sorry that so many people are hypercritical about what you make and how you do it.
I see you stopped uploading videos.  I just want you to know that your videos is one of the best things to cheer me up when I'm feeling kinda down.  Hope you are doing ok buddy, I would love to see more content.
Who ever said the best barber can never get the best hair cut was wrong
The way he pet his friend with the lobster hand was hilarious 😂
What company was that?
4:11 Oh dear.  Don't give OnlyFans any more ideas :P
"Maybe he's born  with it, maybe it's methamphetamine"
"Unfortunately we did not find anything in his belly button. Other than a couple Skittles and half a green bean" 🤣🤣🤣🤣 that made me die laughing 😂
bro finna be the real life doctor octopus
mans hair line
1:15 the Michael jab was great lol 😆
Podcasts aren't funny to me
Actually haircuts might be awkward but they feel orgasmic cause yea it just is orgasmic
How? How did you get a bomb disposal robot?
6:60 yep he went 20 years back in time
how does the boss not care wtf
Jessie pinkman before and after more meth
your company designed that? that's actually my dream job, to work on stuff like that. i mean, literally, i've just finished applying to college to work on stuff like this
If YouTube were a school you would be the best science teacher
I miss you!
William Osman looks allmost exactly like a 5 year older Jesse Pinkman... Am i wrong? (btw William, you are great! please start making videos again, who cares what people think...)
Dude, I love your old boss, he is the coolest guy
great for covid 19
Pro tip: Don't tell your bald friend that he looks 20 years younger wearing a syrup!
>supercuts >the walmart of hair salons “my profession”
I live for the energy in these videos where it's shenanigans ending with Willie roasting himself
8:42
Cool video Willy!  Keep up the great work!
When you went to give your old boss that "wig" it look like he was tryin to figure out a way to fire you.
I remember this guy I worked with back in the early 1980's.  We all thought he was kind of a nut, but he would tell anyone who would listen about this robotic hair cutting machine he invented.  From the looks of his hair, I don't think it worked very well...  He also talked about an invention of his (his name was Ray), which he said was a radio wave laser driven by a two-phase power source.  We called it the "RAYZER-TWO-PHASER".  LOL.
His boss is so cool
"stuff made here already did this" No he made a robot to autonomously cut his hair. William Cut his own hair using a robot... and then undressed someone.
My mother is a cosmetologist, so she always cut my hair. Nobody asked but too bad
pls make more cat shirts and sweat shirts
I can't believe you'd leave a job with a boss that cool! I'm jealous.
Otto?
bruh kinda sussy
Where did you get that thing I really want one
The robot did a better job in my opinion.
How a barber getting a hair cut:
William osmosis
Roughly a million people have seen william take off allen's pants
Reported for nudity /s
Taking advantage of HR
2:58 i want to imagine his boss is just watching this unfold through a window, and immediately regret allowing him to operate
That’s a pretty nice UCS star destroyer
Stuff made here wants to know your location
engineer gaming
Don’t disrespect Supercuts!!!!
Maybe he's born with it, maybe it's methamphetamine. Thanks, my phone and the entire table in front of me is now soaked in coffee.
if u go to super cuts you deserve a fucked hair cut lmao
Up next, making it move smoothly and automating it so it can give you hugs that feel meaningful
I was hoping that he'd buzz his hair of and close the video by saying "Science BITCH *Pinkman's voice*"
Omg!! I'm scared of haircuts too! It's been like, years! I'm too scared lol..
I just hope he doesn't combine this and his x-ray the next time he gets mad at dentists
Letting a robot cut my hair, what can go wrong?
Did i just watch someone get raped...
William as soon as he gets a cut in America: 😯
you just invented homeoffice barbers
A Flint Michigan reference, nice.
i get a robot to cut my hair so i don't need a stranger to cut my hair. (then get's a stranger to cut his hair anyway)
Let's just all give props to Alan for letting a robot with a vice grip get that close to his genitals.
The pitch for the sponsor was the best I have ever heard, I have 4 kids who are an absolute money pit, but if I view them as a financial investment 🤔 😳 😉
can i buy this robot please???
He literally did a second person hair cut
James is an absolute legend! You should make him something for his birthday or Christmas!
Any one else think he kinda looks like Jesse pinkman from breaking bad?
Aaaaand Supercuts still fucked up his hair lmao
u really gave what the crowd wanted  gg william
Jesus Christ is God Almighty, The everlasting Father
stuffmadehere
U gotta bring up the podcast more. I just stumbled across it yesterday and it's pure gold. And Guga Foods is doing collabs now so please hit him up and do a vid. A lot of ur vids involve food in someway anyhow and u would probably eat better steak then u ever had so big win for u plus it would just be awesome to see what yall come up with. A automatic grill that makes perfect burgers everytime would be dope.
So happy you say STEAM and not STEM. Without Art, creativity, imagination; the other skills will never be fully utilized.
Yay you are using goodtimeswithscar’s time lapse music
Ngl the robot cut is better than the supercuts one
I really loved the taking off of the pants from lobster
William, try buzzing your hair off. Literally removing my hair also removed the embarrassment and stress I'd feel about messing my hair up.
check out how StuffMadeHere did this first
Half a green bean?
"😂It looks like a shitty toupee!😂😂😂"
Now give it a chainsaw for increased hair cutting.
there were some points when this video got weird
Those are little mini Doc Oc arms from Spider-Man 2
Cut from SuperCuts at the end still looks worse lol
"Tell us on the picture where the robot touched you."
7:14 LOL poor james
Tell me William doesn’t sound like Barry from the Bee Movie.
Stuff made here already did this.
7:15 A look of pure malice
I love how at the end his hair still looks bad after going to Supercuts
If that would be me instead of going pay someone to cut my hair im just cutting everything by my self. Lets say im being bald for a mounth
"What's the worst thing that could happen?" As the discourse dive twisted his spinal cord
James is cool.
They did surgery on a grape, yes  But William just molested Allen using a robot
...and supercuts still made it worse
*Doc Ock sweating profusely*
What why
bruh at 8:25 you look like jesse pinkmen from breaking bad
8:20 has shown me just how much this man looks like jesse pinkman
Hmm. Is there a kiwico for adults or should I just buy a bunch of shit and slap it together
I can’t see William as William anymore. I will now see him as Jesse pinkman
not sure if I'd rather this or the stuff made here robot tbh
Jesse pinkman became a smart person and made a youtube channel.
Will with long hair: 🤏 will with short hair:   🥵
"How is your day going so far?" "Pretty good" "Oh wow cool"
Somehow Supercuts made it look worse….
Next time get the hairdresser to control the robot
I wish I worked at his old job  His boss is the real MVP of this vid
I’m the same I’m self-conscious about getting a hair cuts
This is the beginning of a Doc Ock origin story.
Now do robot dentist
Remember kids, as long as you’re wearing robot arms, it’s NOT gay
Bless your boss, I bet they’re all so happy for you sharing dumbass science with people on the internet. Really, it’s what they all wish they were doing.
You should of told that lady that said “Good to know my profession can’t be taken by a robot.” That not yet. Lol
Anyone notice the “Super Fast Build Mode” music during the first minute.
Why is there something called a "Imperial Star Destroyer" at 7:26 on the back- Sir- Sir is this an evil lab
What video had to be taken down?
I don't know about the haircut but the robot is pretty badass
the robot is sexually harrasing alan
Would be more impressed if you'd cut the robot with your hair
Your videos make me laugh out loud.
So we gonna talk about the UCS Star Destroyer in the background or nah?
guys, anyone has a tip what is the background music at 4:46 ?
I subscribed just from looking at the thumbnail
My mom walked in just as it switched to Alan's crotch shot. How could I even begin to explain this?
I see why your hairline got like that, Supercuts and not caring if you cut your hair with a robot or not
wait wait wait, are we just gonna ignore that lego star wars millennium falcon and star destroyer casually in the background!?
“Alan pan gets sexually assaulted by a robot
God damn, if nobody is gonna say it I will. Supercuts did a pretty good job.
how does he resists the urge to become one the crab and click clack constantly
Seems to me that this could be 2nd person perspective
I love the idea of using a bot to cut your hair, but also not social distancing at all while making it work.
Truly the "Just fuck my shit up" haircut machine
2:30 trim the back of your neck dude, lmao
is michel ur son? cuz u two look so similar and u two have similar hoppys
When your mom thinks there's no skill for hair styling and she wants to prove her point with you.
Oh my god he did surgery on a grape... Deep cuts.
7:31 That’s a lot of plants in their office.
@4:00 this is a weird anime but I like it
I love it when he calls me little willy
James the MVP
he looked like jesse from breaking bad
Williams old job sounds cool tbh
Shoulve just shaved off all your hair and say: " *He can't keep getting away with this* "
LOL you know that with your knowledge you can build like the doctors robot(davinci) that costs milions of dollars and become a milionaire...
He went from looking like 2006 joe hawley if he was addicted to weed to gas station hobo to former gas station hobo that got his shit together in 10 minutes
you look like a 12 year old and a southern dad at the same time william, shave your head already
I love how he went with Jesse Pinkman as the recovery cut.
i prevered the robot cut, also cute how caretaker talked to the hair stylist for you
Hahahaha . William , surly you can tell the person at super cuts what you want yourself 🤣🤣
Looks like a dollar general DaVinci
This is why I didn't have haircut in almost 3 years
4:13 jokes on everyone when he gets a lil too exited about the robot
That haircut is the bomb - every dad within a 50 mile radius
Lol watching this from Flint, MI
As shown by William Osman and Stuff Made Here, robots can only give mullets.
alternate video title: "Bullying my old boss"
@bradmondo
9:08 yeet sponsor away
4:01 section is making me laugh
Imagine going to the barber, my dad is a hair dresser so I've never had to endure going to supercuts
7:06 The moment he remembers why William doesn't work there anymore. All those repressed memories flushing back.
8:01 Jesse
Will is like that one kid who treats that one really nice teacher like a best friend in school
I was gonna say "hey is that the cool guy from the lemon battery video?" And yeah it is hell yeah James is a cool dude
0:36 that music unlocked something time-lapsey in my mind
0:20 "super fast built mode!"
My favorite part was the robot rape scene.
Man gets molested by a robot. Marvelous.
Given that we didn’t hear what happened to the skittles, I think we all know who ate them
Your ex boss was so chill about it 😎
what was your old job
William Osman vs StuffMadeHere, haircut robot BattleBots showdown
No barber I’ve ever been to has actually cut my hair the way I asked them too lol. It doesn’t necessarily look bad but it’s never even the slightest bit close.
I’m an ME student with an interest in robotics, I know it’s probably not all that he did at his former job, but I’d love to know where he used to work.
lol I love how STEM was started to focus on technical things then the artists all whined and now it's STEAM so it doesn't stand for anything anymore it's just "education".
At least the houses in flint michigan didn't burn down and cost 9001x the price
William looks like seananners with his hair shanved
I started shaving my head years ago and I've never looked back. It's so easy and convenient and I don't have to leave the house... ever! Like seriously though, I can't leave the house because I keep having anxiety and panic attacks, I've lost all of my friends and I'm terribly lonely but I can't leave the house, someone, god, please help me!          Seriously though shaving your head is easy and every guy looks fine with a buzz cut.                                                                           Seriously though, I'm very depressed and alone.
William cursing has me shook
You're like, Michael Reeves' dad.
What was your old job?
William and reeves are slowly getting washed out, videos aint as good as the ones that rolled out a few years before
I will never get over the craziness of those videos. Love it 10/10
"that's a good Allen" lmao!
He lowkey looks like frodo
i also have hated getting my hair cut my entire life. i just hate how it looks every time even into my adult life. i just cut it short then let it grow
Just like VR but in 4D
Willaim, you gotta go to a barber lol
Is there a way I can get one?
i want the pair of sissor that you use for cutting your hair
4:00 This just got a *Whole* lot more interesting. lol
The chicken nugget that jimmy neutron left has been waiting for 6 months now
Supercuts is horrible, sportclips is superior.
Did anyone notice that Will's new haircut looks almost exactly like when he just put his hair ontop of his old boss's head? The irony is incredible 😂
Last comment hehe
haha Need to use the suck in cut from Wayne's World  and automate that
im so happy about the michael reeves thing lol
Alan is probably the first man to get molested by a robot. lol.
Right... Because you look like you're right... That's the problem 🤢🤮    Love the content🤣🤣
Ads are getting weird these days.  I like it.
that guy is a cool boss
7:08 He does look somewhat nice😂😂
BRO WHAT IS THE COMPANY U WORKED FOR
Day 1 of trying to get William to build a better moist pony
This guys name is willam Osman right. He has to be related to Stephen j “Grossman”. Aka “blippi”.
william osman is like if mark rober and michael reeves had a failed child
The abhorrent peripheral consequentially wrestle because narcissus gergely drip a a weary author. tight, stupid hygienic
Nice haircut!
I love how they use ridiculously complex and expensive robotics but don't even get haircutting scissors
I wonder if Micheal Reeves could make this
9:30 amogus
michael reeves could do this better
Protect his old boss at all costs!
omfg wtf did you do, brother?
with his current haircut he looks like a 2 year-old with a beard
now this is favorite puppy
a million people have seen will zip down alan's pants
I go to great clips to get my hair done. They're pretty quick, and they have a jar of dum dums at the register. I literally took three
Will's really good at finding ways to take literally everything like 27% too far.
I agree mykull reeves is a very hot man with a very hot haircut
Ngl he kinda looks like jesse from breaking bad
Do you live in Michigan?
Bruh I loved goin to the barber I fell asleep all the time there and it was so nice
DO AN EGG DROP WITH XYLA FOXLIN!!
I need some merch, where can I get you're merchandise to wear with my headlamp so people will think I am weird and they will continue to avoid me like at the peak of the pandemic!!!!
Hey can I get a steak cooked from mr.laser🙂
Him taking off his pants made me just so uncomfortable
The best hair cuter can now get the best haircut
how expensive is the lobster
wtf I was unsubbed from you. Haven't seen a video from you in a while so I went to your channel and saw I have a lot to catch up on
will, will you get a new retina smelter?
Video idea : What would happen if you stuck your hand out of your car window and it hit another passing car Like so he can see !
Make a yodeling pickle that explodes after a set time (a yodeling pickle is an actuall thing on amazon)
I feel sorry for Wills old boss, that poor poor man, to have to deal with this shit xD
You really said imma see myself in third person
That actually seems kinda romantic...
The best EX boss on the 🌍 !
I like how you had access to the special robot arm rig, AND you built the adapter to let you use the scissors, but you still used a cheap crappy set of scissors instead of actual haircutter's scissors
OMG HE IS DEAD HE DIDN'T POST A VIDEO TODAY
Dude William's old boss is like the coolest guy ever.
Why wasn’t mark rober in the call? I mean the safety third thing
Barbers working from home lol
His one liners are so funny
Ratatouille the sequel
My guy looks like WalMart aaron paul lmao
I wish William was my middle school science teacher
Are we not going to mention that he got a decent haircut at Supercuts even after he fucked up his hair
As someone who doesn't live in Flint Michigan, I'm not offended
Fuck Supercuts all my homies hate Supercuts
get mark rober on ze podcast plz
I saved this to my watch later a week ago when it was published. Don't worry Will, you're not alone. I am also a procrastinator..
why his ex boss sound like greg from steven universe wtffff
okay that flint michigan joke was pretty tone deaf ngl
Brooooo why is William so tand
Stop calling me little willy
Rude. I live in Flint, Michigan.
single-handedly revived the surgery on a grape meme
lemme just buy a fuggin bomb defusal robot to scratch my head lmao
my grandma gives my haircuts and I basically just get a military style buzz cut, I like it because it's low maintenance
I'll trade you harcuts for life for your robot.
James reminds me of Ryan Reynokds mixed with Mark Rober in how he looks, acts, and sounds
They need to paint it purple. Grape purple 🍇.
Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiishhxxx gay
0:00  Im not marking anything just saying this feature is pretty cool
4:02 keep this away from rick and morty
I like his teeth alignment
Excuse me I have a bowl cut and I am very offended. I get all the girls 😤
For the first time in my life I genuinely let out a shocking amount of audible laughter at a YouTube video. The cut to the robot combing his hair took me out. WHEN I SAY I WAS NOT READY.
William, I am exactly the same with haircuts. I’d rather just shave my head or have my wife (who doesn’t know what she is doing) cut my hair than pay someone else. Going get a haircut is one of the more stressful things I can think of.   You’re not alone!
Tell me more about those cool tshirts. Do you print them? Do you buy them? Or are they given to you as a gift?
Hows Jimmy's chicken nugget in your car doing
his robot haircut made him look like jesse pinkman from breaking bad after he wakes up from heroin usage
James is a good friend
SUPERCUTS FUCKED YOU UP AGAIN BOY! WTF
Your old boss is great. If he was my boss, I'd never leave lol
I think it’s time for you to get a shower William, and go to a barber.
The navel check got this a like.
where is the CHICKEN NUGGGGETTTTTTTTTT
I have always wanted to do this.
this is in the "Mix – Simplifying Corporate Logos - JonTron" playlist by youtube
Here when the title is "Cutting My Own Hair From a Second-Person Perspective"
allen looks like hes been violated
That robot is genuinely one of the coolest things I've ever seen and I want one
“It’s good to know my profession can’t be taken by a robot”  dude she just roasted your entire channel lmao
broooo!!!! how do you keep coming to Camarillo and i can never find you ugh i just wanna meet you
More James and William shenanigans
I like how Caretaker does the talking for him at the hairdresser's
Thought this was a collab with “Stuff made here” .. loved the video tho lobster is cool 😂
Bruh never go to super cuts 💀
Finally a solution to the riddle about the town barber who shaves all men who do not shave themselves.
9:35 amog us
Dude, just shave your head
He’s changed the title more times than I’ve watched the video
William Osman x Stuff Made Here
WTF, I would have totally come to AI to cut your hair....
Chubby Jesse Pinkman
haha he made fun of michael reeves
James has to be the most chill boss ever.
Now he can finally stream again!
Trying too spread the message   TAKE YOUR FACKING VACCINES 💉
0:49 I just noticed, Will looks like the crazy dude from Ancient Aliens
Ngl the new thumbnail got me
too me 1:50 to realised that pic is William when he's a child...
you get a thumb for the bad taupe
Ey bro what depresses me is you last job was crazy hard and shit but made less this a tattooer
Ahhhhhh hahahaha just cuz michaels reeves hair cut popping up on google im subscribing
"I'm scared of haircuts" *Only has gone to SuperCuts* Highly suggest an actual salon and not a franchise buddy haha
I'm sorry willi love but I can barely look at the haircut you got from Supercuts at the end 😭😂😭
Caretaker at Supercuts "He tried to cut his hair with a robot"  LMAO
Is big Willy's hairline receeding
From some Google research, the best I could find about this company is that it's either an office of Northrop Grumman, who had/has a contract with the U.S. Army for one of these bomb disposal robots, or more likely Applied Minds based in Burbank, California who does research with Northrop Grumman and helped develop the Lobster.
He looked like such a stock photo person as a kid and look at his crazy scientist aura now
Top tier YouTuber fr
Why does everyone need a podcast. I mean go ahead but I don’t have time for all these podcasts.
“It can even do surgery on a grape” *seconds later* “RIP IT IN HALF”
The sad truth is they didnt actually fix or improve on the robots cut.
U ARE THE BEST GUY on the planet :o!
In this video I've seen at least two more jobs that could be taken from people by a robot.
Forget Third-Person or First-Person Games. Real-Life Second Person is the new thing ^^ 5:55
"good to know my profession cant be taken by a robot" just you wait until someone creates an AI that does it perfectly
Where the f do I buy one of these???
I had flashbacks to that Nathan for you where the robot is trying to strip down Nathan
He just clickbaited me into watching the same video again
Why the title and thumbnail change?
Point out, with the robot, where the robot touched you
@ughitsjoe
Nathan Fielder vibes
WHY ARE YOU GOING TO SUPERCUTS!? Thats your first problem mai dewd.  Having a good barber is a super underrated relationship, they get to know your hair and what you like in a haircut...and honestly they are like therapists too. PSA for everyone: Find yourself an actual barber, you wont regret it! (Ive had the same barber for many years and its dope)
Just go to mediocre clips
Third person haircut
Yooooooooooo
1 unlucky bug and be paralyzed 😱
Looks like I need to make my own robot claw thing
Speaking of Methenphetamine you look like a slightly more round version of Jesse Pinkman
*drops coin *reaches for it with the hand thats controlling the robot 0:03
The thumb nail is different on mobile and desktop
Why do some people always start out with blonde hair then grow up to have brown hair?
YES SAFTY THIRD!!!
THEY DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE
Nothing strange.. Ive always been afraid of the hairdresser.. Im 42 :p
does Allen have an OF?
Can we just appreciate how well the Supercuts lady did fixing his hair
those robot arms remind me of claptrap
Time for a collab with Stuff Made Here
You sound like someone who would kill someone in the most absurd
Youre gonna cut ur fuckin ear off lmao
is it just me or does he look like jesse now
Another by the way we looked similar when we were younger
By the way no homo you look fabulous just saying don't be so hard on yourself.
Tell your subs that for whatever reason you're losing subscribers I know for a fact I would subscribed to you...weird
Ahh, messed up, we going bald
However changed the thumbnail and title is a genius
WHY YOU CHANGING THE NAME AND THUMBNAIL, OMG WILLIAM
Have you ever considered going to a real hair salon instead of Supercuts? Hahaha.
OMG BIG WILLIE YOUR (FINAL) HAIRCUT. 😍😍😍 SO CUTE.
This is a weird episode of hermitcraft
They made it worse 💀🤣
Sypher pk music? 0:21
epic
What was his old job?
This but for massages
having my significant having to explain I tried to cut my hair with a robot is couple goals.
I am only referring to kids at "future innovators" now
"well good to know that my profession can't be taken over by a robot" YET
I'm surprised that stuff made here hasn't showed up
This is a 3 dimentional infinite feedback loop
He was right not to trust supercuts
"At least my job can't be taken by a robot."  Yet, young barber lady. Yet.
It just works...
Next time get the girl at SuperCuts to use the robot.
'It just works' - I'm calling BS
Hey, this video some of other Stuff like this.           Stuff made here
His hair still looks bad after supercuts lol
bruh i cant even touch up the buzz cut on the back of my neck in the mirror lmao
who tf goes to super cuts. if i want a haircut i’ll just go to my barber shop near a dollar store and a mechanic shop
The michael reeves reference😂
You should have let a professional barber have a go at it
So you basically attempted a ratatouille type situation but you are Linguini and Remi at the same time.
wait a minute, you could totally pull off the "jesse pinkman el camino version" look!
9:28 amongus in middle of table
That lobster robot is amazing
So does Michael Reeves hate you now?
GTWS fans vibing to the music in the beginning
how dare u use goodtimeswithscar music :p
For the first five minutes I could’ve sworn this was an Allen Pan dating simulator
Bro his old boss looks like the guy on the game "Journey To The Savage Planet"
Please just go to a Puerto Rican or Dominican barber
This guy looks like Jesse from breaking bad
as long as you keep the lab coat on you can just tell people you were in a horrible science accident. A meth related science accident.
William Osman sounds like Barry B Benson
The hair cut low-key look better before he got a person to do it lmao
I feel like y'all naming your podcast Safety Third is a direct violation of Well There's Your Problem. :P
try going to a good barber.
portal turret build
Or you could go to a real hairdresser or barber and not Supercuts...but i digress let's see you mess your own hair up and possibly your ears
OMG I HAD THIS IDEA YEARS AGO HAHAAH  I thought this was stupid enough to me not to try, but here you are, building my old idea, you really are the best youtuber. <3
Nathan Fielder might sue you for this. 4:15
WHY DO YOU LOOK LIKE A YOUNG MALE CARETAKER?! Also, the problem is Supercuts, not haircuts thelselves. I'm so sorry the solution was actually really simple.
Just saw the title and liked. This is a perfect idea damn
Bro this so cool it’s like stuff made here’s but your doing it not the computer
I can’t believe William has been used to work with Ryan Reynolds’ dad!
Me: *reads title* Also me: *u did what??*
8:50 "Good to know my profession can't be taken by a robot" lol. Not when William Osman is involved
"my hair looks like a dick" lol!!!....I don't want to click the like button, I want to click the love button.
Would a hair dresser using the Robot be able to do a good cut tho.
oh no, they fucked your hair up again at supercuts!
I ALREADY HAVE KIWICO LEAVE ME ALONE
Of course the Supercuts haircut at the end was still terrible lmao
Says that no girl will ever want you while showing a pic of weird haircut Michael Reeves...... with Lily, Michael's girlfriend 🙄😂
its about time
I hadn't had a hair cut in 2 years. I don't have any plans to cut it ever again
Me at 4:00 woah hey buddy let's *BACK* it up a bit-   Me at 4:30 *trying very desperately not to laugh*
sometimes i forget that william is an actual scientist
8:50 we’ll see about that ma’am. Unless it’s artisan hair cuts, I am 90% sure ai will be doing it for electricity wages eventually😂😂
He removed allen pans allen pants
Oh no. This reminds me of Big Bang Theory and the episode, where Howard built a similar robot but it had only one hand. Why, you ask? Because he only needed one 😳
Technology like this can revolutionize medical care for patients who are immunocompromised. With more precision and control, surgeons might be able to remotely operate on patients who can't risk getting sick.
Looks like Jesse pinkman
Wait you can’t make it cut your hair on it’s own? Lame.
oh there’s mykull
You should do it again but with somebody that knows how to cut hair
someone already did this not to long ago
You really need a Mullet, true Aussie style.  It would suit so much and you would look absolutely fucking incredible.
Your like a knock of Jesse from breaking bad.
We missed you big willie
i just watched a man cut is own hair for 10mins.........
is this youtube or hub
oh no
It’s been a while Big Willy
This is the first video I’ve ever seen of you. Subbed already. That Flint, Michigan joke had me rolling.
*builds an entire attachment for scissors* *uses children's craft scissors*
You need six of them on your back
On the next episode he trims his junk ………
Shameful that Supercuts refused to cut your hair since it still looks like a robot did it
go bald
You look like a low budget Chris Mccandless
Caretaker's reaction is the best part of the whole video.
“I’m going to build a robot to cut my own hair” is pinnacle silicon valley. An outrageous solution for a problem nobody has.
will looked exactly like aaron paul after the first cut
Big man
5:12 you know someone really good at something when they know what is wrong with only visual clue. it can be software, sensor reading in controller or robot.... but he knows its from wire.
"good to know my profession can be taken by a robot" I died
That one guy looks like Ryan renolds
i haven’t cut my hair in two years. what should i cut it to
They dId sUrgeRy oN A GrApE
Is this sexual harassment?
this must be so trippy
This video isn't long enough >:(
Yup every one had that mother who just went with the bowl cut because it was easy
this guy looks like jessie pinkman and i love it
The best hair stylist can finally get the best haircut
I live near flint want a bottle of tap water
the gripper connectors for those accessories is freaking clever! I also notice that Zoe (Chomp) from battlebots works at applied invention!
This is the only channel that always has me rolling on the floor, dying with laughter along with you guys.
I had to pause at "at my old job" YOU HAD A JOB?! You have the vibe of someone who has never adulted in his life, a real world peter pan. My mind is blown
i wanna see micheal reeeeeeveeeessss
ITS LASER TIME  please build a laser cuter.
" at least i know that my profession cant be taken by a robot"  well you haven't seen stuff made here's robot that cuts your hair then
I love your videos!
Imagine having a work from home job that cuts hair thru the inter webs
I've literally always wanted to do this. Cutting my own hair in the 3rd person. Except.. not badly.
Technically wouldn't this be second person?
I actually didn't recognize you until you revealed the short hair. I was like, hey, I'm subbed to that guy!
She fucking took him to haircuts. Im dying
I’m kinda disappointed that William didn’t just shave it all off.   I think he would pull off a great Jesse pinkman look.
Trillions of dollars in tech.  Uses it to molest a guy
Did you see stuff made here's haircut machine
Back in 2017, during a FTC robotics championship, there was a science fair demo going on. A display had a 1:1 real time robot control with haptic feedback. Blew my mind as a 12 year old.
I want one. The haircut, not the robot.
"I'm going to take this man's pants off" ah.. that answers the question why your old job is letting you mess with their robot 🤣
my guy got molested by a robot
Say what you want, but I am thoroughly impressed by that robot. Who mkaes it?
this has to be one of the funniest videos i’ve seen in a while 😂 thank you dr osman
Hey Yo I was watching that red bull soap box car thing and thought how awesome it would be if YouTubers did there own. Will would own it
"It looks like I live in Flint Michigan and o drink nothing but tap water" as a Michigander, that hurts
Mike Rowe is going to sue your ass for stealing his "safety third" tag from his book etc!!!
90% of the haircuts I've gotten in my 26 years of living have been horrible. Hair dressers lie about their experience and then screw up your hair. Even if you have pictures. Basically if you want a good hair cut (and have no recommendations because you have no friends) You have to awkwardly interview them. I gave up on having short hair because the 3 years I had it, every time I got it cut, they screwed it up. The only time my short hair looked good out of those 3 years was the first time it was cut. Your wife literally sounded like a parent explaining to a hair dresser that their child screwed up their own hair and needs it fixed. Quote of the year "Maybe he's born with it, maybe its...methamphetamine."
Flint Michigan  catching strays yet again
Did you just attack Flint?
6:00 I agree, it is amazing! That you hand your scissors in the future with cut hair on your back to your robot arms in the past with no cut hair on your back!
WO: i cAn cUt mY oWn HaiR Divorced Guy: that could totally pop my bacne   bac·ne /ˈbaknē/ Learn to pronounce nounINFORMAL acne on the skin of a person's back. "if you have a severe case of bacne, it's worth consulting a dermatologist" Definitions from Oxford Languages
Lmao😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂the pants😂😂😂😂
The Lobster is awesome
big willie: "first thing we r gonna do with a bomb disposal unit is strip my friend"
cant wait to learn about meth and science with kiwico
His wife is litteraly his mom
I’m a hairstylist and I’ve always wanted to be able to cut my own hair this way
I scrolled way to damn long and still didn't see any mentions of Ted Chiang's book "Exhalation" - if William hasn't read it, I'd be shocked, it's amazing, short, and freely available online, just google it!
Free idea: peanut butter and jelly gum from meet the robinsons
Funny how William assumes most of his fans are old enough to have kids
So i'm not the only one who got an ugly ass bowl cut without consent?!?!?!?
He looks like Jessy from Breaking Bad
This bot is gonna end up with an onlyfans
4:00 now I see a true purpose.
if he works with Stuff Made Here they’ll be unstoppable.
And I'm over here going on 4 years without a proper haircut...
hi William i love your videos. Make more videos please, i have a video idea too! its that you make the robot you used in this video hold a laser and then you can use the laser to cut out a cat photo or somthing
that intro reminds me of the "supercuts fucked my shit up...if supercuts fucked YOUR shit up, call now" skit lmao
Walmart Aaron Paul
Great, just great!
I won't lie. James stole the show, you need more of him.
4:20 I'M SCARE hahahhaa,... I'm high sorry...
I can tell he wants to fire him again lmao
This is missing those annoying questions  “What school do you go to” “Do you do any sports” “Oh no? What do you do for fun” Blah blah blah every fucking time
You cant tell me im the only one who thinks wills old boss sounds like mark rober
He looked like trevor lol
Ok so it’s the knock off devicanci surgery robot
this guy really just started playing life in 3rd person
That hairline just keeps going further and further back gon miss it when it’s gone.
His ex-boss seems like the nicest boss ever.
Haaa!!! Where I can buy this?? My socially awkward personality will definitely gonna love this gadget❤❤👌
That's a good Alan
Love how you can hear someone playing single player pingpong in the background of his voice over mid way through the video lmao
9:35 among us part in the middle of the table
What a video. 11/10
Buy a flowbee. It's amazing
Wish I could make a robot
Wow
Fuck this video I'm going to watch that podcast
Finally the best hair barber can have the best haircut
plot twist: the super cuts barbers were fine, but your mom payed them extra to butcher your hair every time.
Stuff made here wants his idea back
Michael Reeves finds his way into yet another YouTubers video
Has anyone acknowledged this guy looks like Aaron Paul?
I can: give myself a backtattoo Give myself a back massage Give myself a hairtransplant  Give myself dreadlocks/braids. Lots of options with this machine
Now William has the same hair cut as Matthias
Company: Designs a multi-million dollar machine todisarm bombs and save soilders lives     William: Let's use it to take Allan's pants off!
You'll never get a good haircut with scissors like that.
William is gonna get himself killed one of these days please stay safe
I imagine his co-workers are definitely now talking shit about him after what he put them through.
William you had such beautiful hair 🤩
The music at 0:30 is the same as GoodTimesWithScar's timelapse music
Michael Is not going to be happy that looks like the Boston Dynamics surgery robot
Ma(e)th and science kiwico best cooking kit
that scene with Allen's pants/abdomen made me cringe so much!
9:30 AMONG US SHAPED WOOD PIECE!!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?? amoUGS amogus funny hahahhahahhaHAHHAHAHhha
...How did you acquire a bomber bot...? This is a robot designed to withstand the force of an explosion...like, how, how did you get this...
That’s the face of a man who has had to deal with Williams shit for years…
Wow forsen is happier here
Why are there so many man-children these days?
Now the best barber in the world can have the worlds best haircut
James reminds me of Ryan Reynolds
what a wonderfull ex boss, he was a lot of fun!
Jesse! You need a haircut Jesse.
Am I the only one who is extremely confuse at the fact that there is an actual TV advertisement for a haidresser ??
William Osman VS Stuff Made Here !
the haircut makes him look smack like Jesse Pinkman
9:24 Amogus
There are no nice retirement homes
yOu LoOk 20 YeArS YoUnGeR!  I'm DEAD
Video is great and interesting but there are wayyy too many tangents, jokes, do I even need to mention the 2 minute bowl cut rant? 6:00 is where the actual haircut starts. Go before that for engineering details.
It’s gonna really weird if he messed up the intro   Hello today I’m gonna cut my little willies :)
William was a toddler in one of his past lives.
The podcast i never knew i wanted so badly
"good to know my job can't be taken by a robot" QUEEN SHIT
More like cutting your jugular from the third person.
The robot taking out pants scene looks and feels like its not supposed to be somewhere near YouTube but somewhere near the hub or the dark web
I think supercuts did pretty well with the shitshow you gave them.
"And now you know my profession can't be taken by a robot" Stuff made here: *laughs in superiority*
Why does my brain keep telling me he looks like Jesse from breaking bad
It feels like Allen will get a restraining order after this, my question is, who's getting, William or the robot? If it's William doesn't that mean he can just drive in the robot and assault poor Allen again without breaking the restraining order?
Shows old boss project. He starts finishing it. God I wish my boss would just finish his work.
This was the video where I finally realised William is neurodivergent.
I've got de ja vu...
5. 00 USD FOR A HAIRCUT???  HERE IN THE PHILIPPINES 2.00-3.00 USD IS for THE MOST LUXURIOUS BARBER and 1.00 or lower for average
SMH you use the hand feel instead of the robot arms. I started cutting my own hair in 2015 after I had to get a haircut to be considered for jobs. My current way is taking a clipper, doing (the sides first with) the shorter length, then doing (the middle with) the longer. Since you are too cautious with the short, you can at this point even it out with the shorter length and looking or scissors. Then just trim the sides and by the ear especially with the lowest setting Check the back of your neck for any weird feel that would translate to a weird look and cut that with appropriate length.
Need proper barber scissors
The flint Michigan comment was hilarious!!
This robot would have ended Nathan 4 U's career.
Robot seggsy time be like
Haidresser: "It's nice to know that my job can be taken by a robot" Like did she see his hair? I think that's evidence that her job *can't* be taken by a robot
7:59
You look like you just turned 64
why do you look like Jessy pinkman from braking bad
Imagine if super cuts sponsored the video, biggest plot twist
Why does your boss look like Walton Goggins
Some day he’s going to kill himself with one of these things
you ex boss is a good sport
The burn of Michael was great!! Wish they would make more content together
if his "former boss" doesnt have a drinking or demostic abuse problem then i have no idea how he lives with that much build up anger.
That's why I'd go to a two person-owned barbershop with my dad because they'd cut my hair good and I knew them
That makes you look like Willy Pickton lmao
7:25 WILLIAM OSMAN CURSED dskjfdzvkfzhjdfjdfjdhjdjir
Lmao Will looks like Jesse Pinkman
Make an attachment to shave your back
One of your best videos ever lol, I laughed so much! Your old boss is hilarious
This dude make something that only take you 10 minutes in a barbershop and he be impressed.
I like that he practiced using the arms, but he didn’t practice cutting hair
Why you removed head volume and in the end it gets bigger?
I have always wanted to do this
THIS IS THE TECHNOLOGY WE NEED FOR BARBER ART ONLINE
stuff made here feels challenged
First 10 seconds, wild
James is such a sport and so funny and nice
Just go bald man. You’d look like Jesse pinkman
you cut your hair like trevor from gta V
DiD yOu SeE, tHeY rIpPeD a GrApE iN hAlF!
I hope Michael Reeves appears on the podcast
The best boss eveeeer
Just watched jmw films do this lol
James is a great guy. Hopefully we get more of him on this channel!
Just use a mirror
Next Up: Going to get stitches on half of my head.
This feels more second person than third person
Literally stolen. Dislike, unsub.
now lets do a robot fight with stuff made here
Thanks William for making me feel old
1:18 Thought that was Ludwig
Thats like the best coworker attitude I’ve ever seen
I love this so much.
Cool video idea… but why are you using children’s scissors??
ok i know it’s too late, but i think the hair looked good
he did surgery on a grape
I just watched a man be assaulted by a robot on YouTube. What a time to be alive
I work in Flint Michigan and live about 5 minutes away...  and that was hilarious 🤣🤣
What a cool company
imagine showing this to alan turing
They stole my lobster claw robot design & name?!!
Only thing I learned from this video is POV Alan weiner, and how badly Williams hairline is retreating
ads : "buy this or ur children will put u into retirement home" oh,ok...
I am pro at at Procrastinating
dude, i have the same experience with hair cutting. i hate having my hair cut. i had great clips and super cut haircuts my whole childhood. it was awful. thanks for this.
What if you got a professional hairdresser to cut their own hair with this...?
May I ask what is the original purpose of the lobster? Would gladly appreciate it. Thankyou!
God I wonder when Will is going to make more videos again 😔
"Good to know my profession can't be taken by a robot 😊😏"
Bro this is awesome!!
When he said methamphetamine I just realised that he looks just like Jesse Pinkman
He got that Edgar haircut
1:00 that’s why you have a regular stylist so you know them and they know what you like 😀
No.
great video lol
WILL I have a task for you... Try to get a wind chime to make the same sound twice
"it looks like I live in Flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water" William Osman 2021
666,699  like omg
Link me one I want to have a exo skeleton
how  shaky is that robotic  arm . i would hate to see there non bomb disposal robotic arm. Michael j fox could hold those scissors steadier.
William: this robot was designed to defuse bombs   Also William: let’s takeoff someone’s pants with this robot
*stuff made here just chilling with his haircut robot*
THIS IS UNQUESTIONABLY THE FUNNIEST GOD DAMN THING I HAVE EVER SEEEEEEEEEEEEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate these jump cuts
*EE wants to know your location*
James deserved better 😂
You look like that Ancient Aliens guy
Mom: never run with scissors  dood:
You're not coming anywhere NEAR me balls with those robot claws
3:55 pov- youre allens pet crab
GO BALD! GO BALD! GO BALD!
I'm so happy I clicked on this.
Nice haricut, Dweebus!
This is a 2nd person perspective experiment
7:09 "*Can I fire him again?*"
they did surgery on a grape
Looking forward and seeing the back of your own head is called conocular vision.
Caretaker took her eyes off william  for 2 minutes, and this happens
9:23 AMOGUS
Your boss is a good guy ;)
Imagine doing brain surgery on yourself.
DollarPlays vibes
You look like Jesse from breaking bad,  love you Will
Jessy Pinkman
bruh video didnt appear in my subscription
2:18  the video when I'm watching it alone 3:58 the video when my mom walks in
Stuff made here is gonna be angry...
9:24 sus
Now that's smart.
This was the the best video that I watched today!
I actually miss the old michael before he was cringy. He would have been a great part of that podcast
Oh this dude gets a robot and special tools. I grab a corded pain in the ass buzzer and just buzz and guess that I did myself correctly
I have never laughed so hard at a YouTube video before
3:56 when ai takes over this will be their form of beastiality
👀👀   I could watch that robot take his pants off all day
se a cabo
Get in the robot, William
damn bro the robot definitely did a better job than supercuts. they fugged ur shit uuup
What do I look like? A crazy professor 😂
I said it once and I’ll say it again, he is just Jesse pinkman if he stayed in school
William after his hair cut looks like a character from fallout
please keep this harcut :'D
What a svelte robot
Wonder how much the servo costs lemme just-  $45 ok
Jeez good thing those insults weren't towards a guy thats your boss...    Oh wait...
*Brought to you by Supercuts*
I love William but I will say the Flint water joke was out of line. It's a horrible situation that shouldn't be made light of, especially by people who aren't affected by the situation
Bro please buzz cut it somehow Supercuts still made it worse
I’m disliking this for Alan 🤣
Why don't we leave the hair cutting to people and not automate what's supposed to be a therapeutic grooming experience
Caretaker is so fed up with William
I drink tap water…
Wait... who is the guy at the end of the video with the kiwico ad?
That’s what you get for not going to the arab barbershop 😎
I  was just waiting for the moment where the robot glitched out and punched through the back of his skull with a pair of scissors.
Hm, idk. Maybe you white people just have bad haircuts and each barber only knows hot to cut bowl cuts or tiny white people faux hawks
YOUR BARBER SHOPS HAVE ADS?!
william ended up looking like seananners lmao
Bruh started to look like jesse pinkman halfway in
"good to know my profession cant be taken by a robot"... YET!
Wow he looks like if Jesse pinkman went to college
reminds me of Exhalation by Ted Chiang
9:15 NARUTO!!
3:07 how did William bring Grant Imahara back from the dead?
You did a lot of shitting on supercuts and then they ended up giving you a serviceable haircut. Supercuts is pretty bottom of the barrel but I think what they excel at is fixing people who try to cut their own hair and would rather not go to supercuts 😅
8:00 “maybe he’s born with it, maybe it’s methamphetmine”  Said Jesse pinkman to Walt
James seems like an great dude and a boss you could get along with
Barbers hate this trick and they don’t want you to know about it
those guys were so cool and funny
My guy looking like a reformed Jesse pinkman after that cut from supercuts
William Osman: Get your kids kiwi co. so they can get a good job and afford a nice retirement home for you. William's parents: *feeling attacked*  JK I know it didn't exist back then.  Did you get stuck with National Geographic for kids?
More James
I think it would be a good business idea to tear the wall down between that game stop and super cuts.
there should totally be a VR controller made with the same sort of finger-rings and pully system to register which fingers are closed/open and with the right materials could be pretty dark inexpensive
idk if you’ve been told before but you really look like jesse pink man from breaking bad
Now the best barber in the world can get the best haircut
Good times with scar viewers will be pleased with the background music (at least part of it
I like how hot haircut is reeves
3:57 Forget cutting your hair when you could have the best time and you don't even have to sit on your hand.
james should make a revenge video for the toupee edit it flawlessly, have it go viral, beat will at his own game
Your old boss is great
Woopwoopwoopwoopwoop
the audio from the barber shop is gold
~~stuff made here did it better~~
They did surgery on a grape
add PeterSripol to the podcast
I'm uncomfortable with how erotic it feels as the robot claws undo Alan's pants
1:20 hahahahahahhha
thanks big willie
I'm disappointed no liked William's cut
Ah yes, serious use of technology
THE FUTURE IS NOW , ROBO WAIFUS
*Not me wanting to buy this to scratch my back*
People in Flint Michigan are salty rn.
Poor James :(
7:24 "Hello darkness, my old friend"
So when can I book a haircut?
Am I the only one who is glad he made a proper video like in the old days? No egg drop and all that
PLEASE tell me you didnt take this idea from Stuff Made Here..
Doctor octopus orogins
Come 2 Sydney Barbers 😂😂😂
Omg I thought I was the only one scared of hair dressers
What an honest ad read at the end, lol!  <3 it
oh hes controlling it its not running a program.....good god was worried there for a moment
Pls give this to Michael reeves
"I look like crap!" 5 seconds later: "I dont know what i look like"
i can't believe he did surgery on a grape
That hair cut is The hair equivalent of having your veins tangled
safety third.... IS HE A BURNER???!!!!
Starts at 6:00, he ends up going to the barber.
Did the robot hurt you? Allen Pan: Yes, he didn't phone... he didn't write...
bruh
He did all that to avoid going to supercuts, then ended up going to supercuts to ask them to fix his hair LOL
Now I realize he was letting his hair grow out so he could cut it with a robot
This is exactly the product we need
This is like the ee advert
The precision on that robot is amazing
Your boss with your hair looks like discount Ryan Reynolds.
8:58 still long on the right and short on the left..
Nile red and William osman? Sign me up, I can meet the others on the way.
they should get michael  on the podcast
You know what, gotta give props to Supercuts for making that salvage job
that's gone sexual pretty fast
scary
Hey bud I think your problem is you just need to pay more than 12$ for a haircut. You should be fine then.
Who did it better, William or Stuff Made Here?
He mentioned flint MI!! that's where I'm from! very exited, even if it was a jab at our bad water scenario.
Alright, you SERIOUSLY need to work with StuffMadeHere and use his automated hair cutting robot. The fact that you linked up with all these other Youtubers but *Not* him, is a huge disappointment and I think you can do better (That last part is a total joke, you're absolutely great dude.)   Seriously, love this shit, it's actually incredible. You basically just got to play with the Da Vinci robot and made a silly Youtube video of it that likely netted you an income. Dope, man. Absolutely dope.
“It looks like I live in flint Michigan and drink only tap water” I laughed so hard
your boss is so fucking awesome
if william was bald he would look like jesse
$150,000 robot, $0.50 scissors
awwww, no more William Mopsman. :(
glad to know theres a bunch of entertaining nerds on youtube
3:56 Cyberpunk 2077 graphics looking pretty realistic.
Honestly William you would look good with a buzz cut  Kinda like jessie in the end of breaking bad
if u went with a buzz cut u would’ve been jesse pink man
I cannot believe he let you use his entirely custom undoubtedly extremely expensive robot even with supervision. Has he seen your channel?  Jokes aside where do I learn more about lobster? That is the coolest thing.
I LOVE this video, Nice podcast by the way
Lmao I love how your old boss takes it all in stride. Seems like a cool guy.
You went to the supercuts i worked at 😂😭
I have to say, your friends are amazingly resilient hahah Do you think that maybe a proper hair dresser, with some actual skill, might be able to operate them to a degree where they do a good haircut, but remotely?
Imagine getting molested by a robot
This video is why I feel bad about moving to TN 😂 I cant cut your hair anymore
Sorry, William, Well Theres Your Problem podcast beat you to the name by just a few months
I kinda feel bad for your former "coworker".
Goddamn I haven't laugh that hard in a while.  Gas stations back alley haircut.  Flynt tap water
Sorry, but the bowl cut wasn't why girls weren't interested in you. 😋
Nice farmer tan lol
I never thought a robotics demonstration could be so gay
Missed the perfect opportunity to get sponsored by keeps..
If I made this video it would be titled: "How I ended in the emergency room" and would have a sliced ear or a hole in my neck
Subscribed! This channel is gold!
bro don't hate on us Michiganders
podcast of legend
Bro my hair looked exactly like yours at the beginning of the video. Except I was so scared to get a cut I just grew it out and now I'm a long hair boi
That day in LA, ten bombs needed diffusing and a robot was missing. PEOPLE DIED FOR YOUR HAIRCUT
the solution now is to shave your head, since it's way simpler conceptually and less likely to go wrong
hi
* turns bomb disposal device into a hair cutter *   Gotta love stoopid science
NEW PODCAST TO LISTEN TOO!! CRAB RAVE!!!! Very funny stuffs.
what was his old job anybody know?
7:15 in a low enough resolution it kind of looks real
What are you doing step robot people laugh I'm like hes a robot
7:15 in a low enough resolution it kind of looks real
Your old boss is super chill!
His shirt perfectly described his feelings when the robot took his pants off
"For only $4.99 you can get a Fred haircuuuuuuut!"
Oh man, gas station haircut looked better
Stuff Made Here should try this lmao
Just let it all grow. Buy some death metal band t-shirts to wear and no one will care.
The fact that you still have ears tells me Michael Reeves didn't help you design it.
We gotta hook this thing up through WiFi and have the first haircut done from another city
Lmao safety third is such a good name
what about doing a vid controlling another robot with the robot or a drone or something
Why did YouTube suppressed this for me? It didn't appear on my subs tab
Keeps declined to sponsor this video for obvious reasons.
william with a shaved head looks like jessie pinkman lol
"Men's hair cut": Michael Reeves >_>
Was gonna comment something but nobody give a shit just keep scrolling
Robot engineer Ryan Reynolds
I laughed way to hard when William tore the grape in half
"Maybe he's born with it.... Maybe it's methamphetamine."
HR: No, Will,  it still counts as sexual harrasment EVEN if you use a robot.
LMAO
I was born in flint:P
no more hobo william, unsubbing
IT COULD SCRATCH THAT ONE SMOT ON MY BACK, YESSSS!!
Luckily hair is easily fixable, and hair stylists are not threatenes
Am i the only one that thinks he looks older with short hair
I think it's an improvement
Lol he didn't even bother to buy haircutting shears!
New Video and a Podcast with NileRed!? this is amazing
and he still got fucked up at supercuts 😭😭
If you want a nice hair cut, don't go to a super cuts or one of those chains. Don't go to a barbershop. Go to a salon. Best haircuts ever.
LMAO getting someone naked with a robot
"Who builds a robot you can't fuck?"
At this point he’s becoming Rick Sanchez
Just go to Floyd's Barber
what is his old job????
I have a question are mike and will still friends?
I’m seriously becoming tired of watching mediocre people… pretend to be interesting.
4:00 POV: the year is 2077 and you are a hooker that just got 300 bitcoins transferred to your account.
HOLY SHIT. HE IS WATCHING REAL LIFE IN 4th person
I wish they would make a kiwico for adults
I like ya cut g
Can you please tell me what your job was because it looks totally fun and awesome and the exact thing I would love to do
Did he say Steam Learning?
the photo thing is so true but its because the person showing the photograph has a different type/texture.
Who's giving a $5 tip at Super Cuts? Okay Master Rothschild!
40 seconds into the video and I literally want it to be over so I can watch this podcast, all I can say is THANK YOU FOR MAKING THAT PODCAST I CANT WAIT
Are you telling me Will didn't just materialize for the sole purpose of this channel?
"I want the stuff made here hair cutting robot."  *hair cutting machine at home*
You are what's wrong with the world... go do something for someone, else.
1:17 **Housing market**
as soon as I saw the title my first words were  " this is a terrible idea " and i don't think i was wrong
How come the only thing caretaker says is “William!”
Hates getting his haircut Only goes to Supercuts  Poor man
Now I want a tshirt that says “I did surgery on a grape with a lobster”
he look like jesse from popular show breaking bad
nice thong 4:15
I would love to cut my own hair with this robot!
1:34 *slaps*
I saw the first few seconds of video and thought: "No way! William Osman isn't a total idiot and made something cool and functional?" The rest of the video brought me back to reality.
at 1:10, your head looks like a mushroom
This is what happens when an idiot gets too mutch money.
Cool
as long as I don't have to talk to the barber
Unfortunately there was nothing inside Alan’s belly button. Just some skittles and half a green bean.
This, ladies and gentlemen... IS THE FUTURE!
i cut my own hair too! it looks terrible, and i don't really care because i've given up on life! that podcast is going in my queue
HE DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE
Make a robot that replaces centralized banking
Just make your girlfriend do it???
His Boss looks like deadpool in his midlife crysis😂
William Osman: "Cutting My Own Hair From A 3rd Person Perspective"  Reality: " *Molesting my coworker with a bomb diffusing robot* "
i wonder why it's his "old" job?
you need to have a chat with stuff made here
As soon as he said this is for avoiding contact with another person to cut his hair, I thought to myself "I bet he's been working on this for like a year and just slapped on covid as a practical for it" 🤣
3:49 now that's rushing to Singularity if I've ever seen it. This is on the wrong site. Bm ph-ch ph-ch bmmmm bmm click.
If you wanted to make a robot that specialises in your childhood haircut, it could be done with only 2 axis!
"Maybe he's born with it, maybe it's methanphetamine"
.
When did u start swearing
“Get your kids into steam” 🤷
1:26 wayyyyyyy to close to home big willy
Your old boss is amazing 😂😂
OMG THE PODCAST!!! honestly I've been going insane because I ran out of podcasts from youtubers I actually like to watch, this is going to be perfect since I mostly watch science youtube
Bootleg davinci robot
I feel like super cuts needs an apology. They actually made you look presentable for the first time.
Hehehe Dik-Tip hair
7:26 first time I actually heard will swear
You look like Trevor from GTAV
Hi big willy
I haven't cut my hair in 13 years
Sneezes, hand jerks and suddenly the side of his neck hurts
"Year long trauma" as you talk about middle school lmao
This is easily your best video
4:30 what a shame!
I love how landlord just whipped you under the bus full force 0 guilt.
Make gravity shoes :L make me float for over 20 seconds or less
your old boss looks like hes about to fire you from your youtube job next at 7:15 😂
His boss seems like a really cool guy. Also its crazy to me that nearly every SuperCuts I have ever been to is right next door to a Gamestop
4:00 best angle aver couldn’t ask for more
1:47 only now I realize that this is the literal Little Willie
8:23 he looks like the guy from GTA the aussie
hello little hairs today I'm gonna cut my own willie
go to super cuts there's  now where to go but up ya know oh shit
God I love your ex boss. He's such a chill guy.
dangerous af video when the pants come off
I want to do that. I already cut my own hair, it's just very difficult to do the back.
WE NEED MORE JAMES!!!
Bro your ex boss is cool as
I live in Michigan and I take great offence to that, and for that I respect you.
It looks like I live in Flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water.
There was no need for that joke about Flint to make the edit. People are still missing their loved ones or coping with the aftermath of poisoning, and the whole thing happened in the first place because privileged people viewed the eventual victims as less-than. I have really enjoyed the content on this channel and honestly expected better.
Apparently KiwiCo asked a bunch of channels to make a haircutting robot?
Wow, it's like james but employable!
if you get a black person hair wet before cutting their hair, they will smack you.
Glad I’m not the only one who HATES getting their haircut because they never do it right… I just let it grow out for at least a year. I guess people like the long hair tho 🤔
let's just acknowledge how chill his ex boss is considering all the shenanigans
The ridiculousness and absurdity of the unpantsing part had me dieing laughing
The fact that caretaker had to talk to the hairdresser for him like the unruly 12 y.o. he is... just so perfect. Thank you for leaving that in. :)
Alternative title: "Molesting Alan with a robot"
You searched for a Man's haircut and google gives you some cute little boy haircuts!  WTF!
THIS IS THE DEVICE FROM 'EXHALATION' BY TED CHIANG okay now let me watch the video and read the comments to see if this has already been said/written a million times
8:00 Jessie?
8:30 Jesse let’s cook
Chelsea looks like child you
2nd person visualized
omg your friends are really good sports! 😂
Those guys humiliated that guy with bald head 😑.......
Thank you James!
Supercuts is so ass it's like they exclusively hire amateurs
Go bald. U just gotta do it man.  Supercuts made u look like a child. Ur old cut was better lol
9:26 look closely at the center of the table
I'm glad my aunt is a hair stylist
Does it have 2 cameras for stereoscopic vision in the goggles?
Sus
At around 1:40 I got a real Seinfeld vibe from your voice and your whining
Kiwico don't send to Brazil.... Nobody need science on a soccer country ?
William: "This is my old co-worker james." James: "Boss." I like this guy.
8:58 be me, watching this video instead of studying for my final engineering exam….
Will, another good way to make sure Supercuts doesn't mess up your haircuts is to not go to Supercuts. Find a real haircutter.
The supercuts haircut actually turned out really good.
The best barber CAN have the best haircut
“Damn I messed up, we gotta go bald”
Alright fellas is it gay to pull  my bro’s pants down with a mechanical robot?
You should just find a local salon. After awhile, if you like the hairstylist, they aren't a stranger anymore. To the point where my former clients that have moved away will text me about their new stylist, how their kids are, etc...
Dutch rudder anyone?
The hairdressers reaction was priceless!
Moi to my partner: How many times a day do you think he hears, "OMG, Wil-li-am, why?!" Them: How many times do you hear it? Me: ......sssss Them: It may not be the answer you were looking for, but it's accurate. Me: ....sssssshush!
I'm a will
Wow William worked with Mark Setrakian :o
Kkk
This has surprising similarities to the short story Exhalation by Ted Chiang
1:50 :  Kazoo kid
Is scared of physical touch, proceeds to violate his Friend with the help of a bomb defusal robot and has way too much fun with it 🤣
Fucking hilarious
Good job on expanding into the podcast sector... But personally, I'd MUCH rather see you all Collab once a week, hell even once a month, on some wild & crazy video idea! Maybe you can somehow incorporate that into your podcast??
Allen has been sexually assulted by a robot
I can't tell is him getting undressed by a robot is hot or anxiety inducing. Like if the terminator got flirty.
What are you talking about William? My lord and savior Johannes Krauser II calls that the Public Obscenity Cut and it's a high class death metal hairstyle.
A Hairdresser should have cut your hair with the robot.
My jaw actually dropped when he said he started a podcast. Thank you for alerting me to this masterpiece
Petition to rename Allen Pan to "Al UnPants"
he started sounding more and more like barry b benson every video
There's a ucs lego star destroyer 😀👍
The most shocking part of this video is that William had a job.
Increase your Online Sales Growth on Instagram with this app. This app only costs $3.
So thats how barbers cut their own hair...nice
This is what evolution came to
7:21 he is crying inside
Oh no... not another podcast....  No hate, but podcasts if done right can be very fun and entertaining, but many of them are just bad with the hosts not having any objectives or are terrible. anyways. I hope the podcast don't hold you back from making videos.  Because we certainly know it held H3H3 back from making videos.
your old boss seems super chill xD
His head is big
At 8:00 I had a sudden realization how similar William looks to Jesse Pinkman
7:59 he looks like lars ulrich
I used to really like the girls that would cut my hair :)
keeps really needs to sponsor william, for his own sake
Plasma Smelter 2.0 when???
The Stuff Made Here guy should take notes
milk
I use hair clippers with a 1" attachment. Same thing they would do when i use to go to the barbers and charge me 20$
Today's Robot 🤖 Barbers 💈= Tomorrow's Terminators.
2:28 Huh. Nice UCS set display at that office. I also have the pleasure of having built both. Oh! And the grand piano! 6:44
😭😂this is AMAZINGGG!!! haha 🙌
If that's at your old job where tf did you work
He is back
Congrats on trending even if it is 46th
So we aren’t gonna talk about Alan almost getting a remote hand job from William. I don’t think this counts as a work around for being gay.
That Kiwi project wass awesome. how cool. robot was too
Invite CodysLab to the podcast!
4:13 the movie when my mom walks in
that pants thing was kinda creepy i feel bad for him
Love the michael reeves reference.
War.... has changed.
Can you do a brain surgery in the same way?
Can we talk about William’s doppelgänger playing for Tampa Bay Lightning. Nikita Kucherov.
you can tell williams boss was so done after william called him coworker
Jessy pinkman?
William Osman Octavius. The new spiderman movies origin story for you looks great. A bad hair cut will do that to a man
This turned into adult content way too quickly.  Mom im scared come pick me up
I always find it funny how any time that I get a haircut people see me and are like "hey did you get a haircut?" and i say "yes"; and maybe they add "it looks good" but I feel like that is just such a pointless conversation; in my mind, getting a haircut is a such a normal thing to do we all do it sometimes and its really no different than, say, going to the dentist but nobody looks at your teeth and says hey did you go to the dentist? the only exception I see is if you got your hair styled in some new way that is different than before in which case it is new and interesting... anyway just something weird I thought I would share!
First Stuff Made Here, now William Osman, who's next? Michael Reeves? Colin Furze?  That'd make for a wonderful collab: the 4 most unorthodox engineering YouTubers I can think of...
the narration sounds like arrested development i love it
This podcast…. Is about to be what I needed
Is a crab
i think I've just seen a robot sexually assault an asian guy.
His boss is gonna kill him one day and I wanna be there when it happens
I’m ngl I looked just as bad after Supercuts
why is this the first im hearing of this podcast i love all four of you guys!!!!
Mate this whole video promotes people losing their jobs to robots
Love the podcast!
3:50 this is the best way, to not be gay! :P
Judging by his receding hairline, soon he won't need a robot or human to cut his hair.
9:24 amogus
Can’t wait to watch this podcast when I’m hating my life at work!!!
I just love the michael reeves callout at 1:21
3:56 The video when your parents come into the room
:) Thanks.
Honestly when I started watching this, I half expected it to be sponsored by that hairloss treatment company. Obviously the tagline would've been "You'll grow so much hair, you'll need your own hair cutting robot!"
William why does young you look like caretaker
You DO know that it  never be even if you don't use hair cutting scissors right??? Normal scissors overlap..hairdressing ones don't. BIG difference.
*now this is the future way of back massages*
Almost as good as Stuff's autobarber
Imagine living in a state where your water didn't have funky flavor enhancers - Michigan Gang
you should have brought in the girl and have her a go, afterall she is a learned hairdresser <3 also get actual hairdressing equipment <3
Poggers for God
lol - my hair(head?) looks like a D**K!! i´m dying - nice foto dude!
*Stuff Made Here would like to know your location*
This feels like it's a second person perspective
What's with the glorious imperial 1 class star destroyer in the back?
I just watched William do what every person dreams of doing, bullying their boss!!
James seems Fun! Can we Please have more of James?
I'm surprised how Will hasn't accidentally killed himself this far.
Homeless and Humble
I can see this being very useful in every day application.
It’s a da vinky surgery robot
the lobster was the perfect name.
It turns out, all the bad guys have to do is cover their bombs in hair.
Ok but imagine if u repurposed this robot to give you a massage
He just solved the barber paradox. Someone give this man the noble prize.
is there anyway to get a lobster???????
go to a barber not super cuts.. ppl dont say this as a joke
Give me that robot. My social anxiety will not allow me to get a haircut
Glad to see science and engineering videos from osman and veritasium on trending at least (between numbers 30-45)
Alan's OnlyFans cones out....when?
Awesome video
No homo
best shitty toupee in LA
I’m not, I really like William’s long hair…
somehow I'm still surprised you've had a job. and James seems really awesome
You looked like Earl, from my name is Earl
Imagine that both breaking while taking Peter's pants off.   Someone is looking out for him, or at least for his offspring.
Is it’s just me or is a robot taking off his pants strangely erotic?
Safety Third? Let me guess, Crack First, Content second, Safety Third.
Great video! Genuinely laughed out loud more than once :)
I got a haircut at super cuts and looked like a mashroom although it manged to happen the day covid got bad so no one saw it
i can smell the Stuff Made Here collab coming
9:36 what a great haircut william rly saved xD ty for the entertainment a lot! <3
They did surgery on a grape
all my favorite YouTubers in one podcast!!!
THIS WAY THE BEST HAIRDRESSE CAN GIVE HIMSELF THE BEST HAIRCUT the prophecy is complete
"Well good to know that my profession can't be taken by a robot", for now carren FOR NOW!
He looks like jessie pinkmen
Never thought about it, but it's wild how much I take for granted having a decent and reliable hairdresser for like the last 10 years of my life. Ofc I didn't go during the pandemic and my hair got VERY long, but it was a couple months ago I moved home and he opened back up after being fully vaccinated. I still didn't go until I was fully vaccinated a couple weeks ago, but it's nice to have a manageable haircut and no split ends again.
just let it grow it's easier
"Steam" I thought it was STEM..
Okay but like the amount of sportsmanship, I'm bald myself and I have somuch respect
👍
That ad was a little intense there bud lmfao
So... where do I sign up to get fondled by a robot?
Honestly your hair looks great now
Ok
Isnt it stem? Instead of steam?
Am I the only one who thinks will looks like Jesse from breaking bad
James seems cool
We just not gonna talk about the fact that he looks like Jesse Pinkman with his head shaved?
And now we know why William started YouTube
Micheal is a Hot Man with Hot Hair and I totally agree, Google
why does his ex boss sound like corpse
When it randomly cut to pulling down Allen's pants with a BOMB DEFUSER, I actually lost it laughing.
Holy fuck-a-moly, William finally finished the TV and it doesn't look half bad!
STEAM learning???? It should be STEM. Art is completely subjective and has no definite data. Art has no place in STEM. Art is important, but it should not be included.
Let's get right into super fast... engineering mode?
This video got me wheezing
I was watching this in the airport and I had to hide my phone when you started the strip show
ok this is the first time ive been actively excited by a youtube podcast. the lineup feels like a better crossover than avengers
Title should’ve said “ bomb defuse all robot cut my hair gone sexual??”
Hey, as a Flint, MI fan of yours...I can't argue with you.
Stuff Made Here did it better but hey, at least it's not an egg drop video. Hope you can get back to actually making things some day.
Good stuff William, another banger !
old boss is a BOSS! what a nice dude :)
Michael reeves is William but shorter and more chaotic  William is michael reeves but taller and chaotic good
Very great
I 100% relate with your experience with supercuts
I get the pain. Those times a hair stylist thinks they know best and ignores when you ask to cut it in "this way", or "avoid this part" because you're trying to let certain parts grow to do a certain style which requires a section done in an way different from what they think will look good...   then you come back after letting it grow out by going to a different stylist or doing it yourself and suddenly they go "Oh! Your hair looks  good! I never though of trying that style with you..."  -_-
Damn, I guess you need to phone up stuff made here and ask if he will help you make a hair cutting robot.
This is why im bald.
Man literally had GoodTimeswithScar's music at the beginning of the video talking about his podcast.
I feel like he misses the chaos of his YouTube bestie
Flint just got roasted
Ee
Dude you're like the coolest guy ever
Is no one else somewhat surprised that the government has never visited Nile?
When you threw Michael in lmfao. "I look like I live in Flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water" I laughed so hard I snorted.
Couldn't stop laughing after 30 seconds in
with a little R/D you could cut it anywhere.  with an ai assistant you could cut all of them everywhere.
3:46  "This video is sponsored by Grove belt"
James is such a legend, now I wonder what they do there, other than diffuse bombs and make crazy robots.
9:23 that piece in the middle looks sus.
RULE 34
9:09 looks like William is the one wearing a toupee now.
wills wife being disappointed is always funny no matter what
who's gonna tell him about the FLOWBEE?
The pants thing was absolute gold.
Jessie Pinkman
I wrote this guy an email once and he was a total dick in his response. Great channel.
0:45 it's time for super fast build mode
You look like if Jesse from breaking bad passed  his science classes
Ayyy William osmans monthly upload lets goooooo
Yeah okay doctor Octopus
They did haircut on an Osman
Oh, right the overcomplicated suicide machine.
"well good to know my profession can't be taken by a robot" for now.  We can already take pants off with robots so that is an achievement
"well good to know that my profession cant be taken by a robot" ... at least not by a robot steered by incompetence
Kiwi co is kinda dope
You got butchered
Laughs in “having the same barber all my life”
I'm 3 minutes in, my prediction?...... This isn't going to end well...now I'm 3 and a half minutes in and just seen the scissors he's using.....yep, not ending well!!
James is just Ryan Reynolds if he took an engineering degree.
William swearing is weird
Where did you Work?
What’s the name of the “Robot Company”?
Stuff made here did a better job
Stopped watching when heard about back yard idiot
Why he keep looking more and more like a hobo
Dude! Your old boss is your perfect straight-man!
Safety third in Spotify please
Safety third please
I want one of these for scrubbing my back in the shower.
U look like Jesse from braking bad
Don't worry young willy, I too was deeply terrified of haircuts. I got over it by learning to spend more then I really should on them
My ex boss would have slaughtered me
if only there was another hair cutting robot you could try....
7:15 and that is the last anyone heard from william Osman
3:30 now here I thought you built this because the pandemic closed barbers
When I heard that the robot was broken and saw it spinning I thought they were gonna make a knife wielding tentacle joke.
Youtube: porn isn't allowed on youtue  Also youtube: Watch a guy taking off another guy's pants with a robot.
i love your ex co-worker (boss)
Watching the podcast ASAP. Thanks, Big Willy!
They did surgery on a grape
Boost your Organic Followers to make everyone known about your Brand and Product. This app only costs $3.
The patience James has is just extraordinary
Why does he look like old Ryan Reynalds
Haha shit That was good
James is such a good sport, such a great vid 🤣
William haircuts aren’t that bad
That is the coolest robot ever! And perhaps the coolest ex coworker...
So glad to see William continuing to pursue Nathan Fielder's vision of building a pants-removing robot
Uploaded video in so long that in meantime I started watching idubbz and now idubbz is also my one of the favourite youtuber beside you.
...OH !!!  I HAVE TO LOOK OR ID BE SCARD OR TURNED ON AND I DON"T WANNT KNOW WHICH!   EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS VIDEO NEEDS TO BE CAPATILIZED.
Okay so, I just realized, that I have the EXACT SAME hair type as William -  Curly but not *that* curly.  Wild.  Wavey. THICK with 3 C.   It is my hair. And I HATE getting my haircut.  It looks bad short, I just keep it long.   Oh my god, William you are me.  Oh my god.   I have never related to someone this much before.
When I first followed this channel, all the videos were basically themed around the laser printer, now it’s themed around William getting haircuts, and it’s been entertaining the whole time I love it
I actually go to supercuts for my hair. I enjoy them because (at least the ones near me) keep a digital record of what you got last time you came in. So if I liked how they did it last time I don't have to say much except 'Yes, like last time.' and 'Yes that is what it looked like, thank you.'  Also 8:20 Can confirm. I live there and have seen said haircut.
Will won’t go near his face with the robot hands but he’s more than willing to put allans genitals in danger
Ladies and gents, he's still alive and even looks more homeless than ever
2:17 when you regretted cutting your hair
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
0:21 he kinda resembles Wilbur soot
Yo, here from reddit.
1:18 hmmmm i wonder who that is lmao
HI FUCKING LARIOUS @_)@
Ankle reveal when?
can you please add it to apple podcatsstststs?
this went to 0 to gay pretty quick.
hello big willie
The stakes of fortnite be like:- 4:38
WHY ISNT YOUTUBE GIVING ME NOTIS FOR FUCKING ANYONE. GUS JOHNSON, WILLIAM OSMAN, EVEN GOOD MYTHICAL MORNING!!! WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING
its so weird to not see him with the hairball on his head
The though of how funny this is. Makes me want to pack up my life and become one of Will's genie pigs ;D
oh crap this is pretty crazy  how the company hasn't done anything about this. and also you just insulted a balding man.
A podcast with 4 of the most interesting Youtube builders, I'm in baby.
The irony that Supercuts made his mangled hair look good still.
I feel like after years of going to supercuts and getting consistently terrible haircuts, you should have figured out that supercuts is shit, and gone to *A DIFFERENT HAIR SALON.* There are hairdressers out there that are *leagues* better than supercuts. Find them.
Caretaker’s catch phrase: “William!!”
I'm soo glad you started a podcast. I've recently been hooked on them
I love quimbara 0:12
Hadouken - Lupus Nocte      is the song
Hair looks great
Mr. Hamilton
I totally relate to the fear around haircuts
But can it make hibachi?
Damn William used to be smart.
"I look like I'm from Flint, MI and drank nothing but tap water!"...nothing funny about that situation.
Happy Canada Day!
someone get this guy some fpv goggles
Is Allen Pan the first person to be fondled by a robot?
Got to a real barber dude. 11yr olds go to supercuts
Dj Vlad's graphics
Jimmy Neutron
How about a little trust exercise where you have that robot operate through commands given by the chat while you livestream your next haircut
Where can I get a lobster?
Now grow a mullet next pls
You should get Cody'sLab on the podcast if you want to talk about government intervention lol
Did anyone else feel like a GoodTimesWithScar time-lapse was going to start when the background music started?
Yikes stealing Mike Rowes stuff
Ok but why did I get those exact same scissors at target in third grade
william is right. supercuts is like the wish of haircuts
0:20 Will starts super fast build mode
Buy the robot
Overall this video is great. But I would advise learning a bit about the Flint water crisis.
Put the god damn podcast on Spotify
Totally accurate google search 👌💯❤️
His ex-boss is literally the mvp of this video
This 🥝 co ad had me 😂 Who else has calculated the profitability of potential children to cover inevitable elder care? The older you have children the less time they have to achieve the financial stability required to fund your geriatric care 👶🏻👩‍🍼
“irs tax fourth stimulus checks”
So when are you going to start scamming people into OsCon with a $545 VIP package with a personalized Lobster-William haircut?
get micheal reeves
This made me really uneasy, thank you very much.
So stoked for podcast!
Omg not gunna lie but Allen is adorable 😍
That's just the best boss you can ever imagine
(MatPat Charity Livestream RoboHaircut)
On this episode of William Osman- William Commits remote sexual assault
i liked mop will
William, its not 2006. You can go to a hairdressers and they will not mess up. 2006 haircuts do not exist in hairdressers any more, you will not get a bowl cut.
You better invite Cody'sLab!
I.... I think I understand why james is william's FORMER boss. This man may have the patience of a saint, but william IS william.
I just got some Jessie Pinkman vibes near the end
why does Williams cut always look the country of France
Man gets molested by robot arms --2021, Colorized
I. Love. Caretaker. She’s the real hero here. 🤣 I was wondering why she wasn’t also with him at the robot center but… she never would’ve let half of that bs happen. All of this could’ve been avoided if Big Willie had just let his beloved Caretaker chops those locks.
"Im gonna cut my hair to avoid touching a stranger"  Me: I feel bad that he doesnt have a barber in his life. Every man should have a barber.
Will the podcast make it to Spotify?
It helps that you can't get fired from a job you no longer work at.
Shout out to cool boss man
And Michael is using an $80k robot to piss into a cup.
Cool nile red. I want to take a look in his head. Oh grand Master. Legend. I would circumsize, well maybe sever tip of my pinky for that guy to give me lessons
super cuts worker: its good to know my profession cant be taken by a robot. stuff made here: i am i a joke to you
Damn big willy is back with more jimmy neutron inventions.
your ex co-workers are men of incredible patience, humor and grace.
Ever since i was a little kid, my mom used to drag me in a place, with a stranger that will cut your head? Me:isn't it supposed to be the hair?
hes using the super fast build mode music
thats an engineer hair right there
mate you need a cut from a real barber like any of the beard brand folk
I don't know why I actually expected this to work better... I'm glad that nothing has changed on this channel. I love you William
Every video makes me love this channel more and more.
i think he just doesn't want to admit that he doesn't want to pay for a haircut
Man, this is crazy
Your hair looks like shit after super cut too, so yeah Clip nº 2 for you. All of it. Do it.  Up vote this so he knows he has to do it. Do it.
Why didn't you tell the lady at the Hair Salon you tried to cut your own hair with a bomb defusal robot? Would have love to get a reaction to that! 😂😂😂😂😂
I ask you for a minute of your time to help me fulfill my dream of being an artist for the short time I have left in life I have cancer and I am disabled without friends why I cannot leave my house because of the bullying that they do to me why I was not lucky enough to have a good physique but I love myself as I am because that was what I got blessings and God bless you all
You look like Jessie from Breaking Bad with that hair cut.
Hey William your ex-coworker (boss) is a saint!
Man Willies Ex-Boss seems like the best possible boss you could have.
Young William doesn't look like current year William at all! What in the...?
WOW
William: can I look like Michael Keaton Beetlejuice? covid: say no more  Also William: can I make a robot cut my hair with school scissors? Yes.
Omg.. a lobster giving another lobster a haircut.. never thought I'd see the day
anime whenever my parents walk in 3:56
Stuff made here.  Colab
This episode of Nathan for You is _nothing_ like I remembered it!
You need to collab with “stuff made here”
Alternative title: building my own stand
(:
I think laser haircut deserves a revisit
*They did surgery on a grape!*
Is the podcast on Spotify..?
the sexual tension in this video...
damn whites will do anything to keep black men unemployed even if it means making robot barbers how selfish
stuff made here did it better
"You're 12 years old and you have a bowl cut and no girls are interested in you..." You say this seconds after showing a picture of Michael with his GF... shenanigans, sir. Also: that cut at the end was not bad considering what they had to work with.
HE DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE HOLY SHIT
William, please provide proof that anyone anywhere ever asked to see Alan's pants removed
Can your carer not cut your hair or does she keep away from you cos your penal glans bowl cut caused you too much trauma?
NASA: invents pen to work in no gravity environments. USSR: uses pencil. William Osman: creates robot to help him give himself a haircut. Regular people: use two mirrors.
James looks like steve jobs but he decided to sell real estate.
I need me some lilypichu head
You’d look good bald
I understand William haircuts suck
Never thought I’d see Willy Osman rip off stuff made here
I shit myself today
Your fear is reality
when he said my old job i audibly said "he had a job?"
william had a job?
At the end from the stylist: "Good to know that my profession can't be taken by a robot".  Gold.
Should have made supercuts use the robot
Stuff made here colab?
Stuff Made Here looks differently....
omg they actually did surgery on a Will
I need this but for back massages! I’ve wanted to invent it for a while. Can we? Can I come out and test it??
Man had a spike spiegel haircut and ruined it. sadge
Ironically he now has the very old Michael Reeves haircut
As incredibly qualified as William is I would love to see what an actual hairdresser could do with it
Get that loser Michael Reeves on the podcast
whats the intro music
Will the podcast eventually be on apple podcasts?
Plz collaborate with stuff made here your vids are complete opposites and I want to see what that looks like
As someone who lives in Flint Michigan, the statement at 8:20 is shockingly accurate...
Oh look, it's Williams twin brother Cleetus
You should have kept your long hair ;-;
Hates getting his hair cut Solution? Get 3 haircuts
Smafety Fird is such a good podcast name
Should have called Stuffmadehere
Look up nathan for you "the claw of shame" they said the technology to pull down a mans pants with a robot didnt exist. Hilarious show.
Followed your podcast. Props to you ex boss to let you in again
that robot looks like it could be straight out of wall-E and I love it
Alan pan doesn't make me happy
Your former colleague/boss seems like a really cool guy.
Stuff made at my old work
Since my pregnant fiancée died in a car accident I am too cutting my own hair. Yaaay we have something in common!
Gosh this was funny, really enjoyed it
It’s so weird seeing William with this haircut it’s like it’s we time traveled
I cracked up when William was testing the robot with Allen‘s pants.
7:13 The stories spoken by this man’s eyes could fill libraries
There's no way the hairdresser really sassed you like that at the end lmao
Unbelievably hyped for the podcast
*NEWS FLASH* *Local 30 year-old man stabbed to death in gruesome attempt at integrating Alexa with a hair styling robot*
He turned into Jesse Pinkman
Another channel named "Stuff Made Here" made a haircut machine, though his was alot different
when you made this video, you were asking for baldness
What if I don’t plan on having children? What happens to me when I’m old?
It feels weird to see will with short hair again he looks baby
Get fucked Things Made Here
You looked like a smart Edgar Allan Poe and Bam Margera love child, and now you look like your name is Ricky.
HE FINALLY GOT A HAIRCUT YES NO MORE MOP
Dude, get another laser cutter already
I am slightly disturbed by a William that doesn't straight up look like he woke up in a dumpster.
Stuff made here, wore it better.
8:33 Caretaker asks "Whyy.." *wears shirt with "Just Do It" print*
"good to know my job can't be taken by a robot" no one show her the Stuff Made Here YouTube channel
This is so cool.
Did anyone hear what I did.... I HEARD WILLIAMS CURSE
Oliver Tree would disagree with your opinion.
someone who actually can cut hair should try it
William is the only man confident in his own masculinity to remove another man's pants with a bomb-disposal robot
They did haircut on an Ape
michael reeves and his surgery bot are seething right now
I wonder how long it will take for this to be demonitzed!
this was a glorious video
I've missed your unique brand of insanity
i feel like hes jealous of michael
hair cuts are horrid and my hair also looks like shit !!!
I can only focus on the UCS lego Star Wars sets in the background
Hey brothers and sisters, I love y'all and it's just been in my heart today to share that Jesus love y'all so much and unconditionally. I don't know how much time we left on this earth before Jesus comes, but I want all of us to be ready when He does. Let's leave these things of this world behind for in scripture it says in Matthew 24:35 that heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear. " Also in 2 corinthians 4:18" So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal." Time is so short. And I always say this" I want all of us to be saved. " Jesus is coming back soon." with tears in my eyes I love you guys. Let's take Jesus and His words seriously in these time were in. I know the road isn't easy because there are so much distractions and temptations in this life. But through prayer and fasting we can overcome them. I'm not trying to force anything on anybody or even force to do something they don't. Everyone has their own choice whether to read or ignore this message. But I'm sending this message to all out of love, because if you were to see your mother about to get hit by a big truck, you would do everything to try and save her because you love her and if you didn't, it show that you don't love her. So I do the same thing for us about the wrath of God that is to come. I don't want anyone I love, know/don't know or even those who hate or dislike me to face such things. Because I know every soul is precious to God and are valuable to Him. Because before we were born He knew us, He knitted us in our mother's womb, He called us to be His children . His love for us is so great and so strong, it's beyond human comprehension, that even the angels in heaven don't understand it. So I want to tell you it's time to get ready, time to prepare ourselves for the Second Coming of Christ, for the trails and tribulations and for the rapture. As you can see, so many people have turned away from God. The world has become so immoral, wicked, disgusting and violent. Killing people without any care or heart. And that shows that the love of God is growing cold in the hearts of people. Please be ready friends, for when the Son of Man comes. Time is running out. Let's not leave this world with regrets. Because I tell you this, my biggest regret is not knowing Jesus Christ earlier. I love you Guys and Jesus loves you too, that's why He didn't think twice about dying on the Cross for us, knowing that we may not even love Him back. Please take what was said today in consideration because ready or not Jesus Christ is coming back believe it or not Jesus is coming back.   How to be saved? To be saved, a man must confess that Jesus is Lord while acknowledging in his heart that Christ must have full rule over his life and that he died on the cross for our sins and was resurrected on the third day🙏🏾. Also one must repent and turn away from thier sin.   Prayer of Salvation in Jesus Christ🙏  Dear Lord Jesus, I know that I am a sinner, and I ask for Your forgiveness. I believe You died for my sins and rose from the dead. I turn from my sins and invite You to come into my heart and life. I want to trust and follow You as my Lord and Savior. Amen  Spreading the Gospel on every content on YouTube 🙏❤️
Dude, please keep the podcast going forever.
@bradmondo how did they do.
This is probably one of my favorite videos you've put out in a while. Very funny and interesting.
8:50 - stuff made here would like to have a word
Congrats on trending, Big Willie!
Dont worry pal! You always look good You just have different styles
wTF  is a steam learning kit
Who allowed William to work somewhere that made serious things like bomb disposal robots???
Your supercut looks good, king
James seems like a good boss
William Osman Made Here
Welcome back
Most abrupt ending to a video yet
6 months and no haircut? its been over 2 years since my last one lmao
Wouldn't it be ironic if Keeps sponsored this video?
What was your Old job?  Bomb defusal specialist?
That sound with the cartoon figure rubbing his head. Can't stop laughing.
In the end… this is just a redemption story for Supercuts
Cyberpunk wanted noise 6:21
Alternative title: Using a Robot to Sexually Assault Alan Pan!
Why is no one talking about the lobster and Alan?
WHAT HAs hE DOnE NoW
I hate getting my hair cut. Fresh cut hair looks unnatural.
What’s this little present in my sub box?
I seen this on a advert on tv
Watching this right before a haircut. Kinda scared now
He’s evolving
Hold on what kind of job has a IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER!?!?
First ive heard of your podcast, and looked it up, i already want longer episodes and havent viewed yet. Atleast a solid hour!
This is a cool video but you really should’ve credited stuff made here he did a similar thing like a year ago
Ends up at supercuts anyway. I should've seen that coming.
Big Willy you need to build a robot to film, edit and upload your videos.
stuff made here did this already!
James, go bald, you'll like it
Why not ask the hairdresser to operate the robot?
this is your best video yet
I'm married to a hair stylist and refused to let her cut my hair during covid lol. Also fuck balding :(
... 4:20 DEMONETIZED
As a Flint resident, I can confirm
Now you look like the guy with your hair on his head
When you put the hair on his head he looked like Jim Carrey XD
Can we have a video where he brings the battlebot and he uses the robot arms to pilot battlebot's controller?
I think I would have to spend 24 hours to watch all the podcasts
Without the hair he looks like jesse pinkman
Ok but where did he work? I mean why is there a robot for disarming bombs?
Robot haircut was dope, supercut's one didn't exceed my expectations
My boss would never lol
Stuff made here eat your heart out, this bad boy took 1% of the effort and I bet it wouldn't even stop working on a charity live stream.  Edit: I should clarify I meant 1% of the effort for executing the video. I have no doubt the device itself would've taken far longer and had work from far more people than the stuff made here one. And also his one is still very impressive in its own right, and it was just a joke comment.
You look shockingly similar to Jesse Pinkman when it's cut.  P.S. I will *definitely* be listening to that podcast! <3
Good to know my profession can't be taken by robot
james is an absolute mvp
Stuff Made Here
He's backkkk
I find it much easier to simply let it eventually fall out on it's own, haven't bothered cutting it since 1998 (so long it would probably bleed if I cut it now).
...
I stop everything for William
I am also scared of hair cuts for the exact same reason
Eh
Little does she know that someone already built a working hair cutting robot...that can draw patterns on your head too
I couldnt stop giggling because the hands look like little crab claws.
Should have had caretaker do it into another mullet
i drink nothing but tap woter and im good with my bone strength
1:11 what do you mean 5 dollars as a tip? America has a tip based economy? Even when you go to a place specifically to cut your hair and pay for it you have to leave a tip?
We need more James cameo. He's hilarious.
7:04 this guy is SO COOL
Hello
He looks like Jesse Pinkman
My ear got chopped by scissors at super cuts when I was little with blood running down the side of my head. Ahhh, good memories.
Osman and Michael are still friends? :o
lol the fact the first thing that came out when he typed hot is "hot man meme" is quite interesting
I like that even if the Bomb disposal was was a perfect analogue for your hands can William cut hair anyway?
I'm not going to lie, the gas station hair cut looked good. but that might be because I idolise musicians/drug addicts
I love the difference between Williams style of haircut bot vs stuff made here's robot
I feel like it's a shame not to mention Stuff Made Here's automatic hair cutting robot
Can we get a "Maybe it's Methamphetamine" shirt?
I is a little Willy
what.
9:34 among us on the table
No one said pause before touching each others junk with a robot
3:56 DEMONOTIZED
We need a william osman and stuff made here crossover
The Legend returns.
I went the better part of a year without a hair cut until the vaccines were rolled out.  I was told I resembled the Unabomber.
Somehow, the boss with william's hair had significantly better looking hair than post-haircut william
“Good to know that my profession can’t be taken by a robot” just ask stuff made here
Boy this was a wild ride
He looks like if Jessie Pinkman somehow messes his life up even more.
A bomb diffusing robot, what did William do?
Blofeld should have tortured bond with this in SPECTRE
first 30 seconds in and i feel like im watching super fast build mode
Poor James. But the robot was really cool!
kinda seems like your old "Boss" was more like your babysitter
William: "It's called Safety Third"  Me, involuntarily: (guitar riff) "Shake hands with danger."
He is still alive
Honestly, the haircut at the end of the video isn't half bad!
Get Styropyro in on the fun too (podcast).
Bruh I love how chill he is with his old boss
We had full on croch cam.
I bet that barber at the end didn’t believe you when you said you hair was cut by a robot, and just thought you were making an excuse for the fact that someone cut your hair terribly
James is the best! But I'm sad he didn't lift his hands and say science like he did in the last video.
The future is here
Best boss ever
Very cool that your old work built lego together
I think you are on to something..
Another hair cutting robot Another YouTuber with a mullet
Can't have a William Osman video without Caretaker saying "William!" with utter disappointment.
Who else really wants that robot LOL
That is such a cool robot
“My hair looks like a di-“   -William osman 2021
havent watched a vid in months and im tempted a year
Did you forget that you already made a show called safety third that I went to with you and Michael reeves
Oh no.
I did something similar in my engineering class where we taped scizors to the arms of the robot we made
wheres the link
I hope to see you at vidcon this fall!
3:42 Why do I feel like fan fictions of this already exist?
I FORGOT TO LINK THE PODCAST!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
Upload more often please please.
William: this is my old coworker James James: boss I already love this mans energy
Could we get a tour of where you used to work?
WHERES THE LINK WILLIAM!?
So how was Northrop?
Oh hell yeah a podcast!
Oh cool
Superfast haircut mode
It's a style. People call it the sideways mullet.
I hope your haircut shenanigans become an annual thing 😂
The fact the caretaker had to take him to Supercuts anyways and tell the lady what he needed done for him was the greatest ending to any story every!
Little William looks like a mushroom with his haircut
Where is the link to the podcast, it's NOT in the description below!
James doesn't deserve this.
GUYS THE KIWI CO BOX HAD AN AMOGUS IN IT
Laughed so hard
"It's good to know that my profession can't be taken by a Robot" Well lady that's because there was humans controlling that robot... wait until the AI and we will see about that...
"Good that my profession can't be taken by a robot" 'Stuff Made Here' enters the room...
Another great video, Michael Reeves
Can you make Lobster control its own controller?
I cannot believe Wiliam has had a serious job once! :D
you can't just take off Allen Pan's Allen's Pants...
William ever had a job?
His old boss seems like such a fun person to be around. :)
This is completely irrelevant, but... every joke is dark humor to a blind person.
Got my first have cut done by a random person at supercuts, I got roasted at school for a few weeks. Then went to a real barbershop, had women all over me at school the next day. WIlliam, DO NOT GO TO SUPER CUTS PERIOD!
He remembered his yt account password
"Cutting hair using robot" *Stuff Made Here Entered The Chat*
William just go to a barber shop
Hey William, can we have a link to the podcast please? Would love to give it a listen on my next dog walk. Thanks.
Telerobotic haircut:  FAIL Telerobotic molestation:  SUCCESS!
5:30 I have that exact tin. Mine is full of DuPont connectors and crimp tool :)
A nutshot of Allen Pan. Nice job Will.
Noone has called me Little Willy since my ex. Miss her ;(
Your telling me you didnt have a haircutter who cut your hair since you were 3?
The future is now!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who hates haircuts
William is doing Kiwi Co sponsorships in the hope that some kid will eventually invent a haircutting robot he can actually use.
I don’t see anything wrong with the robot haircut it looked great
First person to commit Third person suicide
"I look like I'm from Flint, MI and drank nothing but tap water!" That's what did it for me! 🤚
Man, James is a legend.  What a great ex-cowork... boss.
One of the best vids. ROFL
As a resident of Flint Michigan I approve this message
I also hate getting haircuts
I wonder if this is the robot that blew up all those fireworks a few days ago. Anything he touches becomes charged with chaotic energy.
Bros, find a stylist
please get in contact with jeff wittek and let him cut your hair! what an episode that would be. instead of him doing crazy stuff your battlebot drives in and ruins everything :D
HE DID SURGERY ON A GRAPE 😳😳
stuff made here: finally, a worthy opponent. our battle will be legendary.
well I shaved my head thrice during the entire pandemic and my dad and uncle did my haircut once each. wasn't too bad you knoww
Anyone know the video Kevin had to take down
how is he more homeless in every haircut
does he know he can cut his own hair without using a robot
James is just an engineering Ryan Reynolds
Link the podcast
hi
YAAASSSS! Loved James in the Lemon Battery video, he needs to be in more videos.
Your old boss is a champ.
i can't believe Keeps missed this sponsorship opportunity
Barber : good to know my profession can't be taken by a robot  Stuff Made Here: hold my coffee
Well There's Your Problem is comin for ya
We need carp tank back!!!!!!! Plz plz plz
your old boss seems like an amazing person, this was hilarious
Dude I just remembered you and boom.... There's a new video
Where is the link to the pod cast?
Me:  hmm, seems like Will is sorta copying the Things Made Here haircut vid Will: I started this in 2019 but I'm lazy Also me:  ya, that makes sense
Killed me that you picked one of the WORST hair pics of the mad lad himself you could have for that!
This is how we know robots won’t take over.
Next time have alan build the ragnarok hair cutter
Truly hilarious. Good s*** Osman. (Censored for the chillies, yw)
william just abusing his old coworker (boss)
The Flint Michigan tap water joke had me dead 😂😂😂
that's the coolest boss
Big Willy! Where podcast?
James is the best
I also hate getting my hair cut by strangers I get really bad anxiety attacks and they also never know how to cut your hair. We used to have a family friend do it but she had to quit because arthritis. I need your robot William! P.S your ex coworker is a really good sport I'm glad he puts up with you!
Poor James..
just go to a local barber, you'll see the same people every time and they'll always be super kind
Please make more videos! Multiple a week would be awesome! Even just random videos would be soo cool bro!
“Good to know my profession can’t be taken by a robot” lmao that had me dead
0:41 most handsome early man
Very cool William Osman
Just shave it off, buzzcut
ooh you should get Cody on safety third he's had the government round his house lol.
Hi
James is such a boss
This might not have been the best video to watch on my first day back in the office.
It’s just STEM
There’s a GameStop next to my Supercuts wth
Please. Please god buzz your hair. Please
State of the art bomb diffusing robot.  William Osman: Take my hair
There is no link to safety third in the description
earlier today I wished for a William domain upload.
There is not a link in the description below. . .
dude actually looked good with Williams hair….
Your robot owes me dinner 🤖👖🍽️
So what you're saying is you built a robot that both beat the DaVinci robot and Michael Reeve's aswell?
Just find a good barber billy boy. Supercuts and robots are not the only options. Or have caretaker watch some tutorials.
Will with meth hair just looks like Aaron paul
so supercut cut his hair into a big turd ?!?!
4:20 reminds me of that nathan for you bit lol
7:09 Boss: I remember why I fired him now    Ps ik he didn’t get fired :)
there is no link to the podcast in the description
Where is the podcast???
superfast build mode
fuck STEAM. lobbing in art makes both art and science worse.
There's no link for the podcast in the description. But here it is   channel/UC7QE72cxiBkiwnvGoFfqYOg
Bruh
7:13 The face of a man thinking "if I could fire him (again?) I would"
8:16 William has now become a water person
0:03 Iron man dies in Avenger's Endgame.
Michael's haircut is fire
6:09 This video is boring.
2:28 Corpse face reveal
Oregon lifted all covid restrictions hours ago. What timing
william osman used to have a job???
And this is how caretaker got her name....
He forgot to link the podcast lmao
There is no link to this supposed podcast. I demand linkage
Hi big willy
This: "I haven't gotten a haircut in *insert amount of time* is starting to become a repetetive theme in his Videos :D
Will has become Jesse Pinkman
I wish your videos were longer they’re really fun
Got the same hairdresser for the last 15 years lol
Micheal would approve of this chaotic energy
“It looks like I live in flint Michigan and drink only tap water” I laughed so hard
8:50 Amazon has entered the chat
It was 2 years in the making and it was worth every second of it
Cutting hair - Every kid and William Osman's nightmare.
Your old company is so cool for letting you fuck around and pull someones pants down at their facility on camera ahhahaha
For everyone looking for the link to the podcast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
I just love the fact that Caretaker went with him to super cuts to explain what he did to his hair
Pulls out gun* where is the podcast William it's not in the description William you lied to me william
StuffMadeHere is shaking in his boots right now
Okay, this is actually super awesome
No link in the description...? https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
4:06 This is what my life has come to. Watching a man take another man's pants off with tiny robot crab arms.
Why not just attach blades to the claws directly? You wouldn't need to fiddle around with an entire attachment or motor at that point.
Here is the “Safety Third” podcast that  William, of course, forgot to put in the description. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
I've been cutting my own hair for 5 years now 😁 No overly complicated robots needed! Ya just need to believe son! But the robot is kinda cool too . . .
I don't trust how close your getting to docOc, no one let him near a spider
How do we find the podcasts, I didn't see it in the description
What? $5 for a haircut? That's so expensive! I got one for like 2/3 of a dollar for one
If you're viewing it through the "eyes" of the robot... isn't that 2nd person view? Or am I an idiot?
Love how he is just friends with his old boss
this hurts my cosmetologist heart
realest kiwico ad lol
Safety Third Podcast link. Took 10 minutes to find it lol https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
You look like Dick Masterson
This is so 😎 cool!
I've been cutting my own hair since college (close to 20 years).  I had it "professionally" done before my wedding.  My wife hated it. LOL  She says I do a better job.
link in the description: lies!
just like from wall-e
vr in real life at some point we will be shooting real pepole th inking it's a video game
I hate you william made me wait the whole month this was torture 😭 now I'm  going to enjoy this video thanks
Safety Third Podcast https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
Idk man... I think supercuts kinda messed up that fresh robot cut
"Glad to know my job can't be taken by a robot."  It can be but not by William.
I'm surprised this video isn't sponsored by keeps
Bruh I thought he legit started from scratch but all he did was repurpose something
Welcome to the future
My disappointment is immeasurable. There is no podcast link in the description.
Poor James :(
Where the description link for Safety Third?
can i cut your hair next time?
You do strike me as a leash kid
Since Will didn't post the podcast in the description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
Your co worker seems like the coolest dude ever! The dude needs a raise PERFECT attitude ab the whole thing.
Nothing Made Here
Podcast link?
"I like Your Cut G"🤕👋
Are you going to build an explosive baseball bat next?
here b4 a pair of scissors is forever lodged in old willies skull
why did he flash a picture of dylan roof???
Love your ex bos
"Its good to know my job can't be taken by a robot." Stuff Made Here would like to have a word with you
Imagine mounting these robot hands on a Spot robot dog...
What we didn't know is. He build a robot to destroy William after the bad hair joke. Haha
Turtle,  .                   ,            .
7:23 He's looking at the robot trying to think of ideas on how it can kill William and make it seem like an accident
(william) your guys's ideas are terrible and dangerous! (also william) lets make a robot that cuts my hair in the most dangerous way possible!
where's the link to the podcast?
Now make it yourself but with a scream controller.
This is the kind of content I subscribed for! Keep up the good work and bad ideas!
You look like a supervillain
Where's the podcast link?
Can you build more things
His old boss really a good sport....
LINK TO THE PODCAST: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY&ab_channel=SafetyThird
1:10 devil spawn smile from Little Willy.
I just want to say this lobster seems to be really responsive
Talk to Stuff Made Here, he’s got a haircut robot!
William: "This is my old co-worker james." James: "Boss." I like this guy.
you read: "Cutting My Own Hair From A 3rd Person Perspective" but you get "saucy robot undresses man"
Honestly I think both looks suit William. He's handsome when properly groomed, but the wild, homeless hair better suits his gremlin antics.
I feel like Stuff Made Here would be a great addition to the "Justice League" style of science heroes Willy O has assembled
Omg they did surgery on a grape
Amazing
wille looks weird now (i want wille to grow the mullet back
Finally, the best barber can get the best haircut.
William needs Keeps to regrow hair on his balding head
Where can I find the podcast? :(
Ok, please do more vids more often. I've been waiting too long for average engineering vids, YouTube is boring without new willo content
I didn't realize you used to have a real job
Don’t wanna hear a podcast on science
Allen was the first person to be raped by a robot
Yesterday I was like "damn, I wish William would upload something". Thank you YouTube fairy!
if caretaker leaves i'm leaving too
James actually looked pretty good with your hair on his head LOLL
I love you and your content dude ur awsome :)
Owen Wilson Joal haver collab?????????
And here is the podcast  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY&ab_channel=SafetyThird
Omfg William, this was funny to watch
I’m glad you and the science crew are starting a podcast. You guys are my favorite group of people.
It’s like stuff made here… except not better
Wow I can't believe she was able to fix that lmao.
this ending lol, i love u
Can we talk about how good the Supercuts lady did to fix his hair
I love a good naan
Your podcast is named after a segment on another engineering podcast called Well There's Your Problem. Does yours even have slides.?
that robot is sick
William: iam going to cut my hair to avoid the touch of the stranger.   *SAD CARETAKER NOISES*
He could try crab rave.
Amogus on table 9:23
12yo William looked like 6yo me
1:19 micheal reeeeeevs ❤️❤️😍😍
He hasn't forgotten micheal reeeeeevs❤️
Ayyyyy kinda like 'stuff made here'
William where is podcast link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY the podcast in question
Now wheres Michael? He should make his own version like the Da Vinci robot and have William test it
Get Extractions&Ire in on the podcast
Who goes to super cuts 😭
Egg
I guarantee that remote controlled pantsing gave some individuals some...Ideas™
*Stuff Made Here wants to know your location*
Whare to watch podcast?  No link in Description
woah
Big preesh to these people
Imagine not going to a hair cut place where there are only 3 workers and you are friends with everyone there because you've been going for your entire life
Will you said there's a link to the podcast in the description. There is not.
Wonder what happed to the nugget in the back of the Taurus.
Finally made a machine after 4 years
Yea new vid
what is the link for the podcast?
One day you will create or help create something that changes the world William Ozman. Keep up the amazing work and research!!!
This guy seems like the coolest boss ever.
He used so much the word skills at the end i tought sponsor was skillshare
I have always dreamed of technology  like this to massage my own back
I love how he pulls up Michael reeves as an example of good hair
Hey William, check out this youtube channel please. YouTube: living waters. Thanks.
I reserve the right to be mad at the podcast for already being cancelled. Thanks for content tho
We are making chips. Imagine your hair stylist say this and you hear the grinding noise of them pulling in the bridge port milling machine towards you.
3:57 where have I seen this before🤔
Onlyfans confirmed!!
I...I think I may have to close my window to watch parts of this video. I don't need my neighbors seeing this without context...
Looks like jesse pinkman at the end of breaking bad 😂
KiwiCo is preparing the world for the great job shift from workers to engineers
This is *beyond* science
Well now I feel bad because her profession almost definitely can be taken by a robot just not this one. With that said, this is a human operated robot that can cut hair remotely, so if it was dexterous enough, then it would probably make her job more stable during a disaster like, idk, maybe a global pandemic.
Whatever you do don’t go to 9:38 trust me
Coolest boss ever
In the beginning William kind of looks like dumpster Jesus
we missed you will!!!!
his old boss is cool
7:21 Ryan Reynolds
Lol I've cut my own hair for over 10 years
William why are you like this
Re Ba Ba Do Ringo
The Man, The Myth, The Legend!
you KNOW Jenna Marbles is dying watching this😂
Michael reeves is the crack head version of stuff made here. But you are the poor version of Michael reeves
Hey I have the same Spellman power supply!
Why are multiple of Williams videos about him cutting his hair.
Guy looks like Krusty the Clown lol
Wow...William's old boss has max sass and literally William's same sense of humor. Lol
Bro that was awesome
8:20 william pinkman about to sell you meth
yay homeless man uploaded :)
James is so cute and awesome, i feel like he was the perfect boss for William. (also lowkey robot cut was better than the supercuts cut)
i was not prepared for the closeup of allen's crotch
Nice video!
Caregiver saves the day and takes you to Supercuts!
James is probably my favourite addition to the William Osman Cinematic Universe
I been doing this with a camera an a Bluetooth monitor thinkin I’m slick but this is just a whole me level😂
Michael’s hair cut is legendary
Where the heck is the link to the podcast?
Most laugh I had watching a video in a long while. Please do another Carp Tank
I'm only bringing this up because it's bothering me so much, what kind of fucked workplace has both a water jet cutter, presumably a lot of standard machining equipment and a BOMB DEFUSAL DRONE. I'm sorry, but no workplace I've ever been in had a BOMB DEFUSAL DRONE.
"this robot can even do surgery on a grape" hmm i wonder which video had that included too
A different podcast came up when I searched for safety 3rd, someone help! I need it in my life!
Now try to weaponize it and make it move, perhaps tazers could work.
“It looks like I live in Flint, Michigan and drink nothing but tap water” 🤣
Having went to school in Flint, I can confirm you look like the students that drank the tap water 😹
"there's a link in the description below" except THERE ISN'T
Bloody legend
Thanks for starting a podcast w Mike Rowe!    Jk, I’m sure you’ll overtake him in the search results soon lol
no podcast link man
THERE IS NO LINK IN THE DESCRIPTION WILLIAM
Good Allen.
3:12 - the lil tippy taps ☺️
will: you will find the link bellow in the description section....       description section: no
JESSE, WHY THE FUCK DID YOU LET A ROBOT CUT YOUR HAIR
People in 1970: I bet in 50 years we'll be living on the moon and mars and a bunch of different planets 50 years later: So I cut my own hair with a robot
This is like some doc ock type shit
I have no time to watch, but still stop by to comment and like because your awesome.  Keep up the vids!
Where is podcast I want
epic
We can't joke about gender, race or criticize the government, but we can make fun of people getting sick from lead poisoning in Flint? Wtf?
This might be one of my favorite videos from you 😂
"Mad Scientist" just doesn't quite do him justice
Living in the year 3000.
i am honestly surprised at the quality of that supercuts salvage job.
William buys a battlebot. Internet looses their shit saying he doesnt have the skills needed.   William goes to his old job and repairs a highly specialised piece of robotics after using it to take off his friends pants.
... Just don't cut your hair and take care of them, like me.
Allen gets mentally tortured by homeless man
This is a really nice ex boss
yeah i cant think of a clever comment
Forgot to put the podcast link in the description
LOL,"it looks like i live in Flint"
let's just acknowledge how chill his ex boss is considering all the shenanigans
im a little willy
I do need that good retirement home 🤔
Theoretically that's 2nd perspective, since he's controlling his robo arms and his own arms at the same time, while seeing from the robot's perspective
Borgir
For a second there I thought this was going to be like Stuff Made Here. Luckily I was wrong.
It’s crazy, when he said he was going to build a robot, I thought he was going to build a robot. Five stars
William forgot to put the link for the Broadcast (safety third)   https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
Make a bomb defusal robot and have a competition with the lobster
This is for the criminally insane who play Minecraft from the 3rd perspective
That will save you gas and awkward conversations and decisions on the haircut
Yeee
Welp, at least Williams got a short Mohawk.
Hi William.
I think William forgot the link for the Podcast in the description?
Uuujh
Him :this is not save at all Also him :let's do it
That ending made it a Supercuts commercial
William's life is like the Yakuza games, if you only did side minigames
lobster vs red devil when?
This means the best barber can get the best haircut
IM SO GLAD YOURE COLLABING W NILERED
Wilam Oman
Hey William you forgot the link to the podcast
They make Lego UCS sets as a company group thing? That baller.
When it lags and you accidentally cut your ear off
That old photo of Will legitimately looks like Caretaker.
Sorry mate, it’s not the hair that’s keeping the ladies away
Where the podcast link at ? I feel betrayed
Actual good and funny video.
Anybody know where the link to the podcast is? I tried google and found one that had already come to an end.
hello
William is the closest to a modern day mad scientist we'll ever get
The fact that the best thing he could find was a pair of baby scissors really shows where his priorities are.
Stuffmadehere laughing in over engineering
Not becuz i'm bad at cad but because i'm a procrastinator. Why not both?
Hey big willie, there’s no link in the description
Where is the PodCast?
After repurposing a fighting bot for personal use went down so well. I'm sure reddit will be very normal about Will using a bomb disposal robot to cut his hair.
1:43 u ok william?
https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
What a cool boss you had!
It's almost like every part of this video was made to diss Michael...
The problem was that your mom chose your haircut. That’s why you hated it.
When he forgets to link the podcast ha
Here is the podcast channel : https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
NileRed is insane, the man made grapesoda from vinyl gloves. He's essentially an Asian alchemical Jesus
Dude I know there’s a fleshlight attachment don’t hide it from us
Billy my boy
4:41 😳
I'm surprised that William had a job I thought he just started making crapy but entertaining videos
The girl who cut my hair most recently was cute, I didn't mind her being near my head
very original...
my guy really had a phalic hair cut, also this video is insanely relateable for me, never had anyone else than my mom cut my hair, might need one of these before she passes
"I've started a podcast..."   welp, there you have it folks, everyone on the internet managed to pull this off due to the COVID lockdowns
the flint joke was uncalled for bro smh...unsubbed
Hey this was fun. What a great old workplace & Boss you had. One of a kind haircut for sure. Little practice perhaps needed :)) Thanks.
Allen probably went to therapy afterwards
This is content right here
3:40 Nathan For You 2.0... at least it isn't in front of children this time
Well, I still prefer the mullet
Mom can we have stuff made here? We have stuff made here at home honey Stuff made here at home
If I had a nickel for every video I’ve seen of a YouTuber having his haircut by a robot I’d have two nickels which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
pod - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY9HckExJnY
My grandma’s been doing this for years, but with mirrors
who is this guy at 8:55 ??
The pants thing...  was weird and creepy dude.  Please don't do that again.  :-|
Get a FlowBe.
I feel bad for the people who disliked this video....lol..
"I look like I live in Flint Michigan and drink nothing but tap water" had me laughing so fucking hard
I like william better with long hair
Robot: Puts scissors on his neck  William: This is the coolest thing ever   🤦
Anyone else getting mad scientist vibes
New video cutting my grass from  another house
Wheres the podcast?
"I feel like you're not very good at counting" lololololzzzz best thing Ive heard all morning
Safety third is The first podcast i have ever actually wanted to listen too
You have big forehead like me… let’s work together brother and start a revolution
It always ends with caretaker going like "William whyyyy"
Flint Joke, :(
Welcome to the future
yo will give me the salad bowl
Before the hair cut, he kinda looks like one guy from master chef australia
I cant see a link to the podcast, William..
Look who is still alive.
Kiryu coco just graduated and I'm very upset. Thanks for brightening my day
That's got to be the coolest boss/ ex-boss ever
I like James more and more each time he shows up. Does he do any youtube stuff?
Uh. There already a podcast called that but it ended in '20. So, I tried searching for yours and couldn't find it and true to form, you forgot the link in the description. So... How do I find the podcast?
Go to an actual barber lol
He used to look like that one guy from ancient aliens now he looks like, well a nerd
8:42 That stylist at Supercuts is the real MVP
The link isn't in the description for safety third
FLINT MICHIGAN AND DRINK NOTHING BUT TAP WATER 😂😂😂😂😂
there's a link in the description no link in description
1:18 Yes I see, a man of true culture.
hey, nice hot guy with hot haircut.
I like chicken nuggets
Need the link for safety third
Pog
u a buzzcut person, do buzzcut  ps: u wont regret, people will treat u with respect
this video was so funny
william u crazy bitch, i love u  no gey
I don't like get my head cut by a total stranger too.
This is a 1 year tradition now
William are you able to say what the specs are of the 3d viewfinder + camera? I want something like that for a project but atm I'm stuck with FPV goggles and they're not exactly high-res.
His first attempt was still better than that godawful mullet monstrosity he was sporting
chips from the 5g from the vaccine
Since I didn't see a link to the podcast, here is the first episode: https://youtu.be/sY9HckExJnY
Where is the link in the description for the podcast?
Podcast link??
So this is why William shouldn’t be trusted with scissors and some screws
But can you cut the robots hair with another robot?
Idk... U like the robot hair cut better than the haircut he have now...😐
Where’s the link for safety third?
I think it would be simpler to just get a stereoscopic view from behind your head and then just use your regular hands to cut your hair.
am i blind cuz i cant see the podcast
MR OSMAN! You forgot the podcast link!
Now shave using a cut throat razor.
imagine forgetting to link your podcast
Sadly there is already a safety third podcast on podcast platforms….where is the link?! I’ve been worried about Neilred and now I’ve found that Big Willie kidnapped him!
William "Dead" Osman, killed by his former co-woBOSS's robots, and you can't prove it was a murder, no way!
He forgot to put the podcast link in the description.
New title abusing a robot form my old job
Don't you lecture me with your 3rd person haircut 🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿
Super fast build mode
Today it's my birthday and you upload, Thanks William
C'est possible d'activer les sous-titres svp ?
and now allen can honestly say he knows what its like to be molested by a robot
Aww Shit..We Gotta Go Bald
I'm glad you're not the only one who thought of this Big Willy. I can cut my hair better than hairdressers because it's easier to know what I want than to be able to explain it and have them do it that way. I've used a camera before for the back but this is next level.
Where is the podcast link?
The robot is beyond sick
Robot 0 : Supercuts 1
still turns out better than michaels haircut.
Love ya videose  Lots of love from Pakistan🇵🇰💚
i have not laughed this hard in almost a year.
Where's the podcast link?
Can we get that link in the description to Safety Third?
This scares me
awesome
Twitch cuts your hair?
mad scientist finally gets the mad scientist haircut he’s been wanting all his life
I can't find "safety third" on my podcast app, I'm using Pocket cast. Not sure if others also have the issue, maybe somethings wrong with the RSS maybe somethings wrong with me idk
Am I blind, where's the link for the podcast?
The link to the podcast does not exist -1 rep Lets robot destroy his hair +1 rep
Scars s7 time lapse music at the beginning
This should have been sponsored by super cuts. They really did wonders with that mess.
This feels like 2nd person
9:27 amogus
He look like that fool from Ancient Aliens. Good hair for cutting 10/10
Where's the podcast?
he had a pisspot nerd
Makes a video about actual hair removal and isn't sponsored by Manscaped. lol
What job has a 700 $ Lego set group build cus that's where I want to work
Where is the link to safety third ;) 😉😘😉
wheres the podcast link??!!!
I've never been as sexually confused as I get when I watch William Osman videos.
Will the podcast be on YouTube?
4:00 ... I'll have what he's having.
No podcast link!!!
Anyone seen the haircutting robot over at Stuffmadehere? The second iteration is pretty nuts.
I was waiting for the Keeps sponsorship in this video...  and I fear that I may never see it
She still left your hair messed up, her job can be taken.
where’s the podcast link william. Big Willy, where’s the LIIIINNK?!
James is a legend
There is no link
where is the link to the podcast?
I'm somehow not surprised you did this...
Felt like his old coworker wasn't too happy that William was joking about his bald spot...
The war with Stuff Made Here has begun!
social distancing but you’re also paranoid that your barber is out to get you
“Some stranger you don’t know” that’s why you go to the same person all the time
Were can I find that podcast
Check out the link to the podcast below... where it actually isn't listed at all WTF
3:10 I can see this becoming a meme template
That woman was like good to know my thing can’t be taken by the robot wrong just William is too bad at it
But the safety Third isnt in the description....
Ok but how do I find the podcast????
Gamin
I was having the worse morning ever until....thanks bunches for sharing 👍.
Hey, supercuts actually did a reasonable job for once. No bowl cuts here!
William and Caretaker definitely made that woman's day now that she knows her profession is safe. 8:50
Where is the PODCAST?
Haircut
At this point he’s just testing what more he can survive
Oh course the government would visit Kevin he’s a Florida man after all
when you were pulling down peters pants it had me laughing. 🤣🤣
He finally has short hair again 😂
Quite bodacious
Podcast link?
8:20 The live action Rick and Morty looks great
this reminds me of that one pic from reddit where a guy was cutting his hair being recorded by a camera recorded by a camera recorded by another camer being broadcasted to the tv
10 minutes of William bullying his old boss.
Your old boss is really nice 😁👍
YESSS I HATE HAIRCUTS TOO
We now know why you "quit" that job
MULLET! MULLET!
The future is now.
This is has got to be one of the most anti social inventions. Ever
yes
keep up the great work
Me:is excited about the new podcast Also me when I hear the music: is it super fast build time?
What an awesome prior boss. Coolest boss ever
Where is the link in the description for this podcast? I see safety third on Spotify but I don't think it is the right podcast. There are too many episodes.
William osman
Where is the link to the podcast?
Yo William, can you cut my hair with your bot? I'm running into a similar experience
All that to attach wrong scissors.
Hell yeah, that is my kinda cut
For using Lupus Nocte song in the background, you have my like... and subscription... and little space in my heart right next to Tom Scott <3
i like ya cut g *slaps in robot arm*
Allan Pan(ts) without pan(ts)
How horrifying. Can't go back to the outdated way
You look like meat canyon (not that he looks bad)
The link for the podcast isnt in the description
that hair is something else...
Link for safety third?
4:05 WillHub
Where's the link to the podcast??
Did you hear William Osman did surgery on a grape?
Hey, where can i fing Safety Third?
Where’s the podcast url :(
This is like using a jet engine to blow hot Air in Winter to warm you up and that's the kind of content I want.
Just subbed to the pod. Are you going to do the video version?
Start my day the right way with bootleg robo science. I can’t wait to see where this goes 🤣
thank god i woke up early today
This man is more interesting than Mark Rober🙌
Did anyone see those finger boxes?
So early that he doesn’t even have the podcast link
if your wondering how it looks, it aint good
The music in the background makes me wanna collect 10,000 Blocks of gravel
YOU DIDNT PUT THE PODCAST IN THE DESCRIPTION
Philadelphia
My dad:wanna get bald  Me:hell no  William:hold my baby
William indeed looks like crab
The one dislike is the one hair cutter that doesn’t want to lose their job
Where the deuce is the podcast link?!
for the first time in 3,000 years I get to watch another William Osman video
Hello big Willy
terrifying
Stuffmadehere: Finally a worthy opponent.
Stuff Made Here is shaking rn
why dont you just have a regular barber silly willy
Stuff Made Here be like: ....Thats cute
Love
He protecc   He attacc   But most importantly,  He cut his hair bacc.
Video idea: making ice cream with a treadmill
AS YES
Or like my comment
THE KING IS BACK
i’ve never watched a podcast before but with that group i’m gonna have to start
Can will give me a shout out
this is evolution baby
Ok thats cool, now do 2nd person
I love ir videos i always laugh atleast once per video
Oh this one's gonna be good
Is it just me or at 1:30 does William sound like that bee from the bee movie
william looks like Beetlejuice :\\
The haircut I never knew I wanted but always needed
So early
Nile!!!!!!! Shuddup will bring back idubbbz
i am proud of myself for watching it so soon that is all pls keep enjoying the vid
Oh no our willi his cut
Nice
Did this man really say that the link to the podcast is in the description but not link it when uploading? Kekw
Hi
Number 70
Everybody gangsta till he cuts himself
Has William ever had a buzz cut? They should do that
Ladies and gents, he's still alive and even looks more homeless than ever
w-what?
Big Willy's back!! Fresh new content smell.  Podcast looks awesome.
Oh boy.
Hey little willies 😂😊😊😊
60th
Hello
I was singing a made up song about why I dont wanna go to american and this isnt one of them
Thx 4 this
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
Yay new video
I was trying to sleep but i guess i dont need to
What makes you come up with these ideas
This man is living in a video game
That's a very hairy situation ,😂🤣
fistr
hi
The prodigal son returns!!!
Hello there
Yesss new video. Thanks William!!!
"hello little willies" man, not even flex tape can fix my self esteem after that 🙃
Finally big Willy made a video
"To avoid the touch of strangers" is the most relatable inspiration for a project I've seen so far
bepis
Ayy less go
Dirty gas station is a compliment in that scenario
Wonderful video to get recommended at 2:30 in the morning
Based
Hallo
First
ah
Hi mr osman how is your day
How much to buy that
wilton
A robot arm???!?!!!??
Oh yeah
Uno
Nice
38th
Mmmmmmm
This looks a little too cool for william osman …
27
Nice
Poopy  And I hope u have a good day
Hey
Thats pretty fucking sick ngl
Willia
Hi
idk 5 8?
Oh yeah it’s gaming time
E
E
Finally
Epic
I never knew I needed to see this before now
Finally
Yay he's back
Very good haircut indeed
bob
waddup
Good video Osman
Barbercut simulator
First?
1st! Finally
