Even with the caveats, this is a very neat device.
Does anyone know what type of music/instrument is at 5:47 ?
Its beyond stupid how they butchered a fine idea
God what a pointless, miserable device. A Bluetooth speaker with a few buttons on it.
They could have at least allowed you to take a picture of the buttons to know what layout they're in instead of doing it manually
99 Euro for this? No way. It just sells via design. Design over function.
So it's basically no different than using the iHeartRadio app... 😐
Sort of a useless thing. I mean, if youre someone interested in foreign languages, trying to learn it i guess.  Can't understand the radio host or vocals, so im not sure why it would be interesting to anyone otherwise, but thats just me. Alao personally i think foreign music sounds terrible.   There are some exceptions tho.
It's basically a toy
3:37: "I don't think I'll Moscow"... I don't think I would myself...
Kind of like early internet radio
Спасибо за интересные видео. Пожалуйста, включайте русские субтитры
I'm glad I'm not the only one growing up thinking those old radios could actually pick up radio signals from other countries 😅
It's such a shame when you see a product that looks like a genuinly interesting concept and then it's completely riddled with faults that would make the whole process completely unbearable.
Glorified bluetooth speaker :)
To be completely up to date, even when I'm 70, I downloaded the Radio Garden app (free!) to my Android tablet. Which streams via Bluetooth to my DAC, and then the amplifier of course. The whole world at your feet! Mostly fm stations, that of course also use the internet. Remarkably entertaining, but it does make one realize how few languages one really understands .... Oh well, music!
Well it's a pretty cool little device either way!
Veću glupost odavno nisam vidio😢U ŠTA SVJET SRLJA😢TEHNOLOŠKI DEBILIZAM😅
What an utterly useless device.
This isn't even a radio. This thing is a speaker with buttons, the smartphone is doing all of the work. The fact that there is a specific network of stations means that the product and its users are completely dependent on this small company to remain in existence. It's useless without an app, and is purely a novelty item. All of the stations are available on a smartphone; it relies on a smartphone to even function.  How were these people even able to advertise a device that is barely even a radio and doesn't connect to the internet, as an internet-connecting radio?
So basically this is an expensive 'dongle' for their app... Since the stations are coming from their phone app and their app doesn't work without it. What a scam.  Why not simply download a world radio app from our phone and preset the stations to the home?
Whats the point? Just connect your phone to a big BT speaker instead.
just had a squizz at the app, more recent (and only) update to it was two years ago, with the informative description: “bux fix” Good lord.
More stuff for landfill... Great review!
Could use an old / cheapo smartphone as a dedicated basestation for it
This is by far the prettiest software dongle I've seen in the last twenty or so years.
Wow what a garbage device
bluetooth spoons are more useful
So you dont need this unless you want to play with buttons
Radio Garden is waaaay better.
The producer RUINED the really good idea/design of product...
What about ASIA?
what is even the point of this? buttons that are nothing more than a relay, requires an app which for intents and purposes could have been enough without including a useless plastic box.
Pretty cool product and the visual design is pretty perfect for UO hipsters, if only they actually made it an internet radio.
lmaooooo it's LITERALLY A BLUETOOTH SPEAKER ... with software. jesus
Please translate this video in Hindi language
well that's a shame, or is it a scam.🤷‍♂🤣👍
Build quality is shockingly bad. o_O
Imagine the same company making a TV that you can watch stations from around the world 😂😂😂
Omg, what a scam
With some bluetooth 5 devices I noticed the volume control on the bluetooth speaker controls the bluetooth volume output on the phone. So, there is no confusion with two independent volume controls like you just had. Shame this didn't support that.
I've learned so much about these old tech from the projector TV to bin watching your miniDisc series, it's kind of weird but I don't know if I'm tripping but I remember being subscribed to you I noticed that my videos were popping up in my feed and my subscription but either way subscribed 👍
To be avoided
The  idea is not bad just waiting for someone to implement ''streamdeck'' buttons to a internet radio stand alone device  and i will buy it.
:o)
You can always do shortwave radio. Yes it still exists. I still pick up stations all over the world.
Great piece ok Kit and nice retro colour reminds me of the first transistor radios
I actually want one now
I wonder how things like these even come into existence. Bringing a product like this to the market is a long chain of events, the idea, the design, the funding, putting it into production, calculating the possibilty of making money of the product... a lot of bad decisions need to be made to make this possible. The only valid reason I can think of, is that someone actually designed a proper "wifi-radio with buttons" and then down the line, the product was "cost reduced", or someone made a bad specification to the (probably cheap and incompetent) manufacturer, and the whole thing ended up as just a "bluetooth speaker with buttons".
So it's really just a Bluetooth speaker with a tuner app.
what internet radio service is it partnered with?
And the most useless award goes to...
Where them puppets boy?
send it back
Things they could've done to make it worth the purchase: 1. Include NFC into the buttons so it automatically knows and updates which city is inserted. 2. Make it WiFi based and only require an app to set it up and connect it to your local network, once setup you can use it without the app or phone. 3. Include blank buttons which can be set to custom cities within the app if you choose to use it, and sell the blanks as a separate product (more revenue). 4. Make the batteries easily swappable and sell replacement batteries (more revenue). 5. Audio out port so you can connect it to headphones or speakers, use the bluetooth chip to allow bluetooth devices to connect directly to it.
YouTube recommended this video and I was so enthralled by the outtro of the video I instantly subscribed. 😀
I absolutely hate devices which require a phone.
Here before teenage engineering builds a copy and sell it for a 90% markup
Hea(l) the world
I’m a landfill manager and I love this device!
When i saw the image, I was thinking that the different city buttons would change what the radio played when you stuck them on the raido. That would have actually been cool (and totally possible) buuuuuuuuut, yeah.
haha it gets gensokyo radio tho :D
big shout out from Nairobi!
This would be cooler if you could custom order the keys. I would love to click into San Francisco and then back to my hometown of Minneapolis.
This video will definitely serve as a warning to many of your viewers. Somehow, they've made something as simple as radio be finicky and annoying. The only thing missing is a subscription model and NFTs of your favorite radio station's mascot.
So a Bluetooth speaker?
At this point i think it would be cooler if you could just use the music service of your choice and set each button to a playlist or something similar since its just a bluetooth speaker
Some radio stations would even have websites where you can listen to their broadcasts, so this kitschy novelty item is kinda pointless at the end of the day.
what a garbage "bluetooth speaker", with the same amount of money actually can buy a better speaker to use with a internet radio app 🥱
what a lame nugget... it feels like they could have gotten this thing to work as it was supposed to, really well even, but just didn't invest the time or money into it to make it happen.
Fantastic !
What is the actual point of this?  At that point you might as well just get an app, a phone, and a Bluetooth speaker and skip the unnecessary amount of space that thing takes up.😂😂😂
£80 wasted?
The reason why anyone would want to use this contraption eludes me.
Whats ue phone case ?
Subbed 🎉very well put together vid 👍🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿😊
My first belly-laugh from this channel:  "The instructions here--those are.  .  . all in Italian.   .   ."  (Blithely flips card out of camera range)  A droll slapstick moment.
I hate it when I have watched all your videos and have to wait for your next epic video. You need your own TV show Matt!
The best use I can imagine for this thingamajig would be to set it up and give it to an old tech-incompetent geezer (I mean, more incompetent than those of us geezers who are still able use a smartphone) to toy with and listen to. The manufacturer could have called it Alexa's Dumber Sister or Short-Wave Nostalgia Soother. One complaint about the video: you skipped through São Paulo TOO FAST! I live in Brazil and I would have loved to hear Portuguese on one of your videos.
Absolutely awful.
to me, this device is SUPRISINGLY disappointing. wtf
Интересный обзор, я так понял, это обычная блютуз колонка стилизованная под ретро радио, я станции с интернета через приложение?
Apps die. App devices suck!
They made what you want 10+ years ago and it was called a Chumby. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chumby
What an annoying product!!
We call this a buttery butter. When you got two things doing the same, when enough of one (phone in this case). Phone with speaker just drains its battery faster, because of working BT.
TL;DW: Mordern looking Radio with different buttons for different cities, just a bluetooth speaker with the buttons just changing the radio playing on phone.
hey there, if you send me the instructions in italian i can translate in english for you, i'm italian infact
Al principio parecía una buena idea para personas mayores que quieren escuchar la radio de sus países de origen
A  great product review you gave. Very honest, Thank You.
7:40 Booty FM 😂😂😂
its just a scam, getting people into thinking its a standalone radio!!
Sad to see such landfill fodder being made. If anything your chanel has shown me is that there is very little worth buying, don't waste your money.
I imagine most of the issues are due to iOS and not android, in terms of the buttons not being permitted to  start the app and give intents, due to apples control of what Bluetooth is allowed to do
2:48 ada indonesia coy
}{yeT@
Something created that’s useless but made for suckers to get their money. May it RIP! 🤣🤣🤣
Yikes, what a nasty piece of junkable kit!
You should let the music player longer that we can notice the quality of the speaker
Thanks for trying. Clearly I'm not going to spend a penny on this device. Not only because you always have to use the phone, but the crooked keys already annoy me.
If I have a phone, I have a radio already, and if I have internet, I have YouTube
You might as well use your Bluetooth speaker. They just want you to buy their Bluetooth speaker.
Hey if you are watching this video and you want the same fun without buying anything RADIO GARDEN just google this and if you do like the comment, happy listening to the world.
Just what the world needs - more pointless landfill. I appreciate your review as ever, but even as a diehard radio (wireless) fan, I am not moved to purchase this nonsensical device.
It would be cool if device could be online without smartphone aplication.
it will be boring to use with the sanpping button system. Will get lost. They should have an internet radio with built in Analong reception of LW, MW, SW, FM and DAB with a touch pad.
just a bluetooth speaker with extra buttons
Well it’s a nice looking future paper weight at least
доработать немного  приложение и будет всем счастье :)
thanks for playing me some kenyan music
3:43 "The instruction here those are all in Italian..."  #THROWSAWAY😂😂😂
智商税，就是一个多功能蓝牙音箱
Imagine this app being compatible with old iOS/Android version by design, so you can dedicate your old device to the CityRadio and have a real standalone internet radio. ^.^
Thank you for this video! By sharing your purchase and experience, you spared many of us the fate you suffered by buying this cleverly disguised Bluetooth speaker. Cheers!
Not related to this product but old tech in general: wondering if you've ever had a ticker tape machine or could explain how it worked. No real good videos on this topic I could find (anywhere, not just youtube).  If anyone knows if he has done a video on this or can point me to a good video on the subject, please do.
I have a Roberts Stream 104 radio, and it does everything that you would expect from the device featured here. There's a smartphone app for it, which works like a remote control with extra features that are not available from the radio itself.  There's also a Linux version of this that allows you to send commands to the radio, and receive data from it.  The radio itself is small, but has good quality audio output, aux in and all sorts of features.  I'm not affiliated with Roberts in any way - I just like the radio.
I could feel your disappointment watching this and in the end even I was disappointed by this product.
لماذا لا تعمد لفتح الجهاز لنرى ما بداخله من باب الفضول كما تعمل بعض القنواة.. ستكون تجربة رائعة.. 🇲🇦👍
Wow, totally useless that the radio depends on the phone app and cannot work standalone.
I was genuinely expecting the buttons to have some sort of NFC or RFID! That's so disappointing lmao
as someone already stated ...... the company came up with a "very creative way" to actually make the device useless :-)
We also have a radio that can broadcast music stations all around the world
it would be a bit better if the app worked better
Why not an app that can Bluetooth to any speaker? Seems like a great way to sell a speaker.. seem antiquated no?
Seems like something that Monocle magazine would tout
Let's make a mugs  eye full .  Come on techmoan get an apprentice
You can eat samwiges in a lay buy.
Sounds like it should have been named the "$hitty Radio"
Even though I'm not interested in radios, this device still annoys me. I'm sick of devices that require telephones, making them useless for people like me who can't use telephones (because of a disability, in my case). And it's usually a hidden requirement. I once bought a scale -- a SCALE, a thing to stand on and get a weight -- and it required a phone to work!  A SCALE!!  And so many stores and companies require phones and "apps" to get any customer service at all, I end up having to use BBB pretty often to get customer service.
A fancy lump of plastic
I had a Yamaha amplifier/tuner from 2012 that could tune to thousands of internet stations worldwide. Not portable of course but definitely not reliant on another device such as a phone and the "service" (i.e. the listings for the audio feeds) was free.
I'm not sure if you will see this or not but there is a music artist also from the UK called "Look mum no computer". He also runs a museum for old and obsolete music equipment. He hand builds synthesizers and stuff like that, but the stuff he talks about is adjacent enough to where I thought you would think it's interesting. He's got a popular Youtube channel as an artist and a second channel for his museum that you should check out! He's like a weird mad scientist, hand building synthesizers out of retro game consoles and furbys.. but he's also really smart.
I like it
This device looks like something someone 3D printed in a weekend in their garage using odds and ends of filament they wanted to get rid of.
Reminds me of listening to Luxemburgh on AM in the 70s in bed with one ear piece.😁
I'm going to be honest, I see little to no value in this "radio". It's just a Bluetooth speaker that's logic is all being controlled by the phone. There are too many variables that will cause this radio to not work. Anything that requires an app automatically falls to the bottom of my list. Great review!
@Techmoan don't know if you reply on here, but think delivering what you expected, could be a nice little project. Are you or anyone else on here interested in what I can come up with?
Useless waste of resources, but there are enough people buying it
This is giving me Juicero vibes.  An entire machine that does not do what it promises to do: Work Independently on WiFi.  The promise is amazing, but delivery fails completely.  Elders would have loved this speaker if it worked independently after the initial setup, but this is just a glorified Bluetooth speaker with a gimmick.
Nothing like Dicknimbee Clarkwalla with the Nairobi Top 40 on Saturday mornings   :)
I like to think Techmoan's sacrifice will prevent 1000's (or more) others from buying this piece of garbage.
Woohoo, essentially a bluetooth speaker with fancy buttons -_- Sucks that everything that could be cool is crap from over-tech-ification, if that makes any sense.
Think I will stay on my Roberts 94i. It's a real wifi radio
What was loved about our childhood has been put in a blender chopped up & rearranged 😵‍💫 so that it's not recognizable as what was 😳😵  👋🏻🤓
YouTube used to always recommend your videos to me, but for some reason, I haven't seen one for a very long time!
If it was connected to home network I would love to buy it
That is a really nasty design, they could have spent more time and money on making it look half-decent. I also think it's false advertising as it is simply a speaker with some buttons on it.
Did i here my local channels in Nairobi kenya😅😅😅😂😂
We’re halfway to a pretty decent digital Rube Goldberg machine with this thing.
What a shit product, not worth anyone's money
I recommend you FIP a French public music radio, with an eclectic programmation, and famous for the beautiful voices of the speakerines
Where Hilversum?
3:36.. oh grow up
Aw man.. i really like the idea of a usable looking toy. But this one relies too much on the app
Relies on an app? Non replaceable battery? Into the trash it goes.
Seen a project that uses an Arduino-Based ESP8266 that was coded to be a world radio that works over wifi.  No Cellphone app needed.  Maybe someone could send you one that is pre-configured? And maybe have some offered to the masses???
well I suppose if your pc or laptop has bt you could use it with your PC especially if your busy working and trying to practice your Japanese at the same time I suppose
Lmao the device doesn’t do anything
not even mad that it requires a app, i can just get a cheap android phone for it. Will be a nice addition to my room
You can definitely make it standalone with some modding tho
€100 for a pretty basic Bluetooth speaker (albeit with some control buttons), seems rather expensive to me, to be honest.  I think I’d stick to an app, and a £30 speaker, and probably get the same experience.  But fair play to them, if people will buy these, then they have identified a market that I wouldn’t have thought was there (at this price).
Great video, too bad the CityRadio falls short. I wonder how hard it would be to build a true city radio with a Raspberry Pi (provided of course you actually managed to buy one).
Thumb up for the video, thumb down for the device
What a missed opportunity. Could've been a cute little simple, standalone device, but instead it's just unnecessary, anti-consumer DRM eWaste that adds extra annoying steps to something that you can already do on your phone.  And the only one benifit it COULD have had over the smartphone alone, having a headphone jack, is also lacking. They couldn't even get THAT right. What a freaking joke.
It’s 2023 and we still in this copyright for music. It’s so stupid. I dj and you upload to fb and they mute the audio😂 absolute stupid. Great video I love listening to over seas radio and ham bands ect.
LOL how shameless
I really liked what i (and from the sounds of you as well) thought this was going to be but by the end of the video found it quite dissapointing.
Great... but can it get Hilversum?
I like the design, but i'm also a bit disappointed that it's essentially a chunky bluetooth remote with built in speaker. I hope the designers manage to actually make a stand alone radio like this, where you only use the bluetooth connection to refresh the URLs to the radio stations if they get a different URL after a couple of years.
have you ever tried radio garden?
I wonder if you could somehow trick the app into just connecting to a regular Bluetooth speaker and just choose your stations to listen to from the app?
So it’s a piece of steaming shit then.
why does the power-on chime sound so ominous
Great video. What a disappointment! I have a couple of Roberts internet radios with useful preset buttons but would have been interested in this if it wasn’t just an accessory after all. Glad you made the mistake for us all!
It's like Rube Goldberg designed it or sumthin' 🤔
It's not a bad radio. I would prefer it all-black cabinet, though.
What an absolute faff. One for the bin methinks.
Cool idea, solid looking device, but as with yourself really just have no interest in how this particular one works. Definitely would have been a better sell as a standalone device.
That's funny 😅
6:03 for the anti-climax. I got so dissapointed I wanted to stop the video right then and there.
It still beats my Denon Ceol when it comes to selecting a station. That connects to WiFi, but nowadays i just use a phone app and then through BT to the Denon. Quite cumbersome, alltogether - but a lot more money spent, undoubtedly.
I do not like that device at all. But I will listen to you Mr Techmoan any time :)
That's somewhat disappointing and probably should be clearly stipulated. Might it be useful for the aged? Though it not automatically connecting would pose a problem. Great review as always.
Nothing wrong with shorter videos, Matt! (Nothing wrong with longer ones, either.)
its like an app outside of an app... put the app back in the phone...
Not only does it require a phone, it's MONO!!
Interestng idea but with out standalone wifi it's a bit useless. I think I like Sound Garden website better, a lot more stations.
Oh nice video!
Hipster stuff made by a "unicorn" company. I´m pretty sure this device got plenty of "hot" reviews by influencers.
It's amazing the amount of effort they went to in order to create a piece of junk.  Thank you for saving me a bunch of $$$ !
Here's an anecdote about devices that SEEM to only require an app for the initial setup, and then can be used stand-alone: I was bitten by a FitBit, the popular smart-band-watch thingy. I was using it as a vibration alarm clock. You can wear it at night, because it's rubbery and comfortable, it will keep track of your sleep cycles on the smartphone app and it will wake you up with a gentle vibration when your sleep cycle is the most favourable to waking up, without disturbing people around you. The only problem was they didn't add the alarm clock function to the device's menu, so you could only set the time and enable it through the smartphone app, via bluetooth. This was already somewhat annoying, considering old Casio watches could be programmed entirely using 3 buttons. The worst part though is that one day FitBit's servers went down, somewhere in the world, and the app would not open. With the app not opening, I could not set my alarm clock! I threw that piece of garbage in a drawer and swore to never buy app-dependent devices ever again.
It's a shame because I like the design, but it's pretty clunky. If it was an actual internet radio, that works as soon as you turn it on, with smart buttons that work straight away, then it would be really cool. I like the concept but seems it's pretty lacking.
Athens / Barcelona / Beijing / Berlin / Buenos Aires / Cairo / Havana / Istanbul / Jakarta / London / Moscow / Nairobi / New York / Paris / Rome / Sao Paulo / Sydney / Tokyo A WASTE OF MONEY
Hmm will this proprietary electronic device sold by Italians be any good? LOL
It’s a novelty for Italian valley girls
It's a cool idea...
what a joke....
looks like a squared piece of useless shite 🤣
What a weird device.  If I wanted to use an app to play radio on a bluetooth speaker, I'd just pair up one and open Radio Garden or something.
The device needs the phone to get any sound. The app gets the sound and puts it on the device. The app could just be a radio streaming app but refuses to without the device as if the device was a DRM dongle that unlocks the app.
Its like the useless box device you can  buy online that pops up and close the box
In the 1970s in Germany, Telefunken made a pair of portable transistor radios (called Partner 600 and 700) that had a green "Luxemburg Button", which was advertised as one-touch access to "Europe's music station no. 1". It was the only station that got such a special treatment, and there was no way to store other stations. I don't know whether it was FM (presumably) or AM.
The radio gimmick is a bit useless, it's easier to just listen foreign internet radio stations right off from the phone :D
Just a more complex way to use Radio Garden
3:36  Me either, Techmoan. Me either.
This is actually a work around for an app company to get paid without having to cut in the app store for a percentage.  Its pretty much a dongle for a phone app.
If you used the app to set it up but never needed it again unless you needed to change the settings/wifi connection I'd buy it.
Another great video.  What is your favorite stand alone internet radio?
The fact that once you've arranged the city buttons on the 'radio', you've got to _do the same thing again in an app_ is just the icing on the shit cake.
Cool
It also seems odd that you can select, say, "Tokyo," and get a radio station, but is there only one station in Tokyo? How does it select which station?
I would call that thing "junk"  if its really cheap$$$ then its a good project box for a raspberry pi radio.
Great review - of a pile of 🐶 💩  though, unfortunately.  At first I thought my elderly dad might appreciate one of those. But definitely not, given how you have to use it!
Another piece of out-of-the-box e-waste. I don't like regulating everything, but it really feels like we do need laws to stop "pollution as a product"
weird device. A solution in search of a problem. Why not just use a web browser and a bluetooth adapter on your hifi?
Quite a niche product. I wish it had a button labeled "Hilversum". That's a city most people know only because of it's radio station.
It's neat, but it's a physical device that could just be an app on your phone or web browser. I guess if you have elderly parents who have wifi at their house it could be useful.
I thought you may had done a "big Clive" moment and dismantled it to see what was under its skirt
Am I the only one that is disappointed there is no Munich button?  "New York, London, Paris, Moscow?"  Now what does everyone talk about?
imported from Italy but made in china…😂😂😂
I like the you mixed "made in italy" and " I'm not to sure there'd package something like that" in tge same sentence 😅
If you must link to the phone to run the radio, then this is not a radio, it is just a BT speaker!
I'm going to be fair and say the Bluetooth jank where you have to explicitly open the app and hit the connect button is down to iOS having poor external device connectivity in the operating system. However, this is all the more reason why this device should have just had WiFi capability so that it didn't need to connect to a phone with bad Bluetooth support.
It looks like it is giving you a Bluetooth speaker with a human user interface HUI good idea for visually impaired. Especially if you add Braille stickers to the buttons.
Should be illegal to make devices like this without a user replaceable battery.
I bet someone could hack this radio to have a built in display on the place of the buttons and with it use as a cellphone radio or something like that!
I guess you could use a cheap phone just for the app, for the elderly people, leave it next to the radio and they'll use the radio, I guess
What an odd idea 🤔
I think i ll buy one bluetooth speaker for 10 € and just connect it with my phone, It s pretty much the same 😂...the only difference is that i ll probably have better sound quality 😂😂
this review is going to boost quite a bit the sales of an unknow device. maybe personalizable buttons whould be perfect for elderly customers
this feels ripe for hacking. nice looking Bluetooth speaker box with big ol buttons
Interestingly outdated concept!  The fact that you have to use an app makes it even more convoluted.  There's a way more "fully-realized" version of this, called Radio Garden.  Granted, it's "just" a website and app, but it doesn't attempt to pretend that it's something that it isn't.  And you can literally browse the globe, geographically scrolling with your mouse or fingertips, for just about any radio station with an internet broadcast.  It's little more than an aggregator with a fancy GUI, but it's all very well-presented and fleshed-out.  Give it a try!
Rather than the app being an accessory to the radio, the radio is the accessory to the app.
Sorry man, looks like you got ripped off on this one. Pretty cheesy tethered device. I thought it would be good for the elderly with the nice big buttons, but with the complexity of connecting every time I think that's unlikely.
A standalone product with RFID enabled tiles would actually be something.
As a Kid i built my first Crystal Radio and the first station i got was in Asia, thousands of miles away.
Not a single Canadian city? Smh. They at least could have had Toronto.
I was annoyed that it required an app at all, but then when you revealed that it doesn't work at all without it I completely wrote this product off.
I don't think they should be allowed to call it a "radio", given it doesn't have any actual radio reception (unless you get pedantic and count the Bluetooth transceiver).
A standalone wifi radio with pre set audio streaming tied to buttons sounds like a fun Pi project.  Also argb underglow and a screen with stills from that city to make it look keeewl on the wall.
Still love and prefer Shortwave radio though - much more atmospheric (literally) mysterious fascination, dodgy propaganda broadcasts, spy numbers-stations (still) and amateur comms- what's not to like?
Ooh! haven't had the pleasure for a good while.
So, basically its just a bluetooth speaker with numpad (9 buttons) and app which streams online radio and reacts to those buttons pressed? Wow. What a time to live!
There’s still a surprising number of multi-band “world” radios around.
Honestly, I’ll stick with RadioGarden and a Bluetooth speaker or Airplay.
You used to be able to access radio stations all around the world via the Radio Garden app, which was great fun, but it's been stymied for very important corporate reasons that I don't understand. This appears to be a get around for that, so despite it's apparent shonkiness, I'm a fan.
This took me back to the 1960s as a kid! Messing around with my family's big old valve radiogram, with the softly glowing dial listing exotic (to me!) places like Hilversum. Trying to find something interesting, and usually (after dark, anyway) settling on Radio Luxembourg at 208 metres medium wave.
So by substituting the unit for a regular Bluetooth speaker, and substituting the City radio app for Radio Garden I can do this now at home for free.  What a waste of plastic!
They really missed a trick not including a "Munich" button.
Good : not a stupid subscription service Bad : Of course it needs a stupid app
For half the money they could build a nice "real" shortwave radio that does not need internet or a cell phone app.
Ohh Herro!!! Wa come a "City" Radio, teka orda prea ???
It's an interesting device...but hopefully one day we will be less "slaves" of smartphones haha...
I remember listening to Radio Tirana in the 70's. I think it was on Medium Wave. Broadcasting from Albania to Britain on MW would have been insanely expensive, but Enver Hoxha was insane.
This adds nothing to anything. Seems quite cheeky really. 🤣
This has a single use case 😂😂😂 but it’s great at it …
Great video Matt, I think I will just stick to the Tune In Radio App
In 2023 ESP32 + any reasonable SPI/I2C DAC will do the job. And an app to configure it.
it doesnt automatically know what buttons you put on it? this is the laziest thing ever. a glorified keyboard speaker
An idea looking for a reason to exist.   That said, it does simplify the process of scrolling through 2 million radio stations. Add wifi and the ability to label some additional buttons and I'd see it as worth having.
So this is just a cheap Bluetooth speaker pretending to be a radio, with an app that just streams internet radio from several predefined playlists, which you select using buttons on the speaker. A very creative way to sell a useless device. This is a good candidate for a modding project. Put something like a Raspberry Pi in there and turn this device into a real internet radio.
Definitely not a product for me but an informative review. Thanks
7:44 I was so excited when you connected to my city Nairobi 😊
I love the idea of it. But like you said I too wish it was a standalone device. I'll probably just get myself a Sony XB13 and use the TuneIn app.
Ehh, I’d just get a Bluetooth speaker and the Radio Garden app if that was the aim.
The "Receiver Radio" as seen at 12:12 I can attest is very good app. It uses the Airable directory used by Frontier based units (Pure, Roberts, John Lewis etc) and is generally well maintained.
Pointless
It could just be an app.
I wanted to see the cost and in doing so saw that there was some UK sites selling it for as low as £68.
Shame, I really like the design of the hardware. But it being just a bluetooth speaker linked permanently to that app kills it for me as well. When that app stops getting updated, and when the app stops working on a newer version of android, this device will be e-waste.
Wow, that’s lame.
App-based technology that gets bricked when the app inevitably shuts down are such a plague
99 Euro for a totally useless device... in Italy we can make BETTER  products over this s... ... stupid stuff!! 😢
This is the most useless radio i've ever seen.
I wanna hear BOOTY FM 😂
horrible device
Is there a standalone alternative to this?
Better off using a nice JBL bluetooth speaker with Radio Garden android phone app.
That was a nice little earner.
Gentlemen, he’s miffed
Oh no, I loved the concept. Wish the execution was stand-alone. I’d have bought it immediately.
I agree with you, stand alone is better, I hate today’s technology it’s always going wrong, this uses to today’s battery technology once it cannot be recharged it goes in the dustbin, great for the environment. Regards JH  ,
It would be pretty awesome to make a one that actually works with a basic ESP32 and a speaker!
So actually it is a speaker and a remote controlled app. Nice … Great informative video as always! Even though I miss the dolls ;) I was always wondering, is that a FeTAp phone on your desk? One of those old fashioned German ones. Looks like a FeTAp 615 to me.
Yet another a really neat video. And your quality is quite consistent! Really digging it, as usual :) ❤
this product wins the contest for worst device ever created for entertainment
Wow I thought for sure this was a product from the 80's, then you showed us the usb type c port...
This takes "this device should just be an app" to a new level by making an app that requires a glorified Bluetooth speaker to use!
City Wok!
10:07 this is why I love my Samsung. The option to have multiple media sources playing at once is sometimes nice.
Just curious, what was that Sony radio you had there at 1:40?
0:55 I still have an  Emud radio from the 1950s. Strangely, though it's got the full FM band,  CONELRAD markers on the AM band, and only works on 120V, meaning it was an export model, they still left these European cities on the dial, perhaps to emphasize the novelty of owning a German radio. I don't think we ever had anything quite like that in the USA, since the cities are far enough away from each other that there was never any attempt to allocate the space on the dial that way.
Please let there be buttons for New York, London, Paris & Munich...
What is the point of this ? You have an App for this on your phones . Hell i lost count on how many i have tested since the very first iphone came out .. found a couple good ones but ive moved onto Police/Fire/Ambulance scanners .. far more entertaining .
Our radios when I was growing up didn't have any names of cities, but exploring the MW and LW meant you could hear foreigners talking and everything, which young me thought was very cool!
This is an EXTRAORDINARY waste of plastic.
But adding a basic 2.4GHz WiFi chip would have killed their margin, and they would have had to do more C/C++ embedded development… ewwww, yucky! /s
What a nonsensical product.
What would make or break this is if they maintain support for old phones. I have at least two old iPhones I could just stick next to one of these instead of collecting dust. But yeah, you’re right, a stand-alone device would be much nicer. Especially with aux out
Lol, what a piece of garbage...
Techmoan is apparently shopping for: A gaming monitor An electric car  I, for one, look forward to the techmoan pro gaming channel.
It's a cool idea with disappointing execution.
Would be a good dedicated use for an obsolete phone...permanently paired, if this is the sort of radio you would use
i've got to hear "homeboyz radio"
I had something similar to what you're looking for, but it's a bit diy with raspberry pi. "Pimoroni pirate radio" they're out of stock, not sure when they're coming back. Mine was a "baby music radio" version where different "stations" locally stored played kids music. I should break it out again to update it
This thing is a pure novelty. I genuinely can't think of a single thing this provides that you couldn't get with another internet radio app and any bluetooth speaker.
pffft hard PASS!
This radio is the manifestation of a "great idea poorly executed."
Wow, that’s one very prone to (software) failure Bluetooth speaker (the sealed battery also doesn’t help). On the speaker doesn’t work without the app, the app doesn’t work without speaker. Take your guess how long it would be before they close shop and that speaker is a paper weight.
Yep, a glorified bluetooth speaker.. too fiddly... I'm happy with Radio Garden app on my phone...
So it's completely useless. Would be cheaper to buy a nest audio and ask it to play the radio station, or use it with your phone and any radio app.
Yeah it’s garbage. It’s just a glorified Bluetooth speaker…😂😂🎉
the Radio Garden app is much more interesting and it's free
The presentation of the device is absolutely top tier. It has a clean design with a solid concept for handling the interchangeable buttons. Speaker is pretty nice for such a small device, and the quality looks fairly decent apart from the sprue bits on the buttons. If it was set up as a standalone device, or even just used the app to allow you to program the buttons, it would be a great little piece of novelty or educational kit
The CityRadio looks good. I was hoping it was a stand alone radio too.
This is something that would've been cool maybe 10 or 15 years ago, but nowadays it just seems pointlessly limited.
This looks like cheap DIY 3d print project. Though I aproove of such things, I'd love to try making my own thing like this but it doesn't look like commercial product to me x3 Still, like it
In 20 years somebody will dig up this piece of junk and start a cult around it.
When I saw “TuneIn” I knew it was shady.
What a such interesting review  with a such interesting speaker, with a such interesting, strange devices!
Thé other thing is that it will be using the phone’s wifi (or cellular) radio for the data, as well as Bluetooth, so will kill the phone’s battery.  It would be handy if the speaker had a big battery and could charge the phone.  They could even put a Qi charging pad on the top.
An app with physical DRM. Impressive.
It's a re-invented chocolate fireguard
What a disappointing device.
Probably the ugliest radio in the world.
I think you've hit the nail on the head with the agreement CityRadio must have. It means the sale of the physical device is your ticket to entry, and a cut of that sale is certainly paying for the re-broadcasting rights. Funnily enough this somewhat reminds me of the old original Xbox console's DVD kit and the license agreement work-around Microsoft did with that.
I think you misinterpreted the meaning of the city names listed on the tuning dial of the old radio. As a kid, you got it right then. Since it is a shortwave band, it is not about distance at all, because shortwave propagates over distances that span the globe. Especially with the transmitting powers used at the time. You just didn't know that those distant stations can't be received at any time, but only when the time of day and the current conditions of signal propagation in the ionosphere and the station's broadcast schedule allow it. Also, it's possible that some of the labels were already outdated. But the principle really is that the labels indicated stations that, under the right conditions, could be heard from almost anywhere.  Radio amateurs (which, by the way, is a topic you might cover sometime in the future) routinely communicate across continents with hundreds of watts, shortwave radio stations broadcast with hundreds of kilowatts.
5:20 The most AMAZING thing about this video is that we discovered they STILL listen to Sister Sledge in Spain.🙃
my only question is, does the next/previous work with other music apps for next/previous track... Just wondering if they are bound to standard bluetooth remote control media keys.
A strong smell of disappointment. Childhood Xmas rekindled here!
The juicero business plan strikes again.
Another dependent gadget. 5 minutes of fun, then in the bin it goes....
but... why does it not autoconnect via bluetooth when you turn the speaker on???
The fact its dependent on an app.... theres thousands of apps for listening to radio from around the world. Now if the device had the ability to be stand alone? That would be awesome. I like the hot swapping buttons though.
I somehow get an American Radiostation in my car which is weird cause I life in Germany.
A nice little gimmick for those that do differently. A Bluetooth speaker as you say and I have Internet stations saved in my browser favorites and i can select to play through a high quality speaker. Doubt that I will give this a second thought, not for me.
New York, London, Paris, Munich - everybody talk about... Pop Music! (sorry, speaker not connected)
so disappointing - it's actually a nice idea, but you would want wifi on the device so that it can grab the streams directly off the internet. It would be ok to use an app for the initial set up.
I think I’ll stick with Radio Garden
As a paulistano, I felt very happy you chose São Paulo as one of the options.
I remember a radiogram we had, had Berlin, BBC Light, VoA on short wave etc. It had a magic eye for tuning. The SQ from that was pretty good, it had a nice tone, especially for spoken voice.
The buttons aren't NFC? My disappointment is immesurable
I grew up a farm in North Central Montana, very near the Canadian border and remember being able to pick up Canadian AM radio stations at night. It was pretty cool being able to hear news and music from another country, even if it was Canada. On some rare nights, I could even pick up Vin Scully announcing Dodgers games from LA.
What a glorious piece of s....e
What a useful useless device.
In this day-and-age, what would be most useful is a Wi-Fi attached Internet radio that works in conjunction with a global VPN service. When you select a country to listen to, it would connect your VPN to an endpoint in that country, and then play back your desired station. Currently, this is a right faff, even if you're just casting from your phone to a bluetooth or Airplay audio device.
There's so much crap in the world.
I remember having a Sony Walkman circa(1998) and I remember thinking how awesome it was that you could tune into local TV station/channels and get FM quality audio of the TV broadcast.
👍👍
Sounds like a good use for an old phone without a SIM card connecting to the internet via wifi. Attach the "wifi phone" to the back so that it acts like it is one unit.
This brings out memories! I grow up listening to BBC Int'l and Montecarlo SW radio stations.
I think that a new version of this device should be a real Internet radio device with it's own internet connection inside. For this version they can improve it by not needing to open the app to start playing music. And there could be more functionality added like options to get different station each time you choose one city if you choose for that or to always pick the most popular station from that city or maybe the most upcoming station would even be nicer
Absolutely worthless
Probably some freqs available not shown.
What a stupid device lol. With my internet radio I can put in every radio on the world….
Absolute garbage.
Wot no Hilversum?
Nice review. I like the idea, sometimes less choice means greater pleasure. Now, as you said bring out the same device with the standalone functionality of a true Internet radio? Dragon's Den idea 🤔💡
Would you please review a 4 track cassette recorder. I recently got one and it's a maze to figure out. Yamaha mt120 preferably, but I'd take anything.
@Techmoan What is that Sony Receiver you were using at the begenning of your video
I prefer to DX using short wave ;)  I'm about to try shortwave digital radio too.
This thing is a great concept with poor execution.
Just got to learn all of them foreign languages now to understand what they are saying 😊
So they made a physical dial for Radio Garden basically.
It would be interesting to talk someday about japanese FM radio, which uses lower frequencies (about 60 - 87 Mhz) and that is the reason why some radio devices in other countries were able to tune VHF TV channels.
Lol ghetto radio 98.5
Wtf I'd like to hear from the maker of this, just out of curiosity.
i love modern, fancy out of the box ewaste, i dont even have to wait till its outdated or not working anymore by simply buying something utterly useless in the first place!
Interesting concept but why only mono instead of stereo. Nice to use an app for station set up but then have the unit work through WiFi. Good it has a good speaker, but no battery replacement seems cheap.
It is good to see that the People in North Korea are joining our technical developments in trying to jump on the train.
I think this would be a great radio for a non techie. All they would need is a Techie to setup a cheap Android smart phone on WiFi only. Setup the Bluetooth speaker with the buttons. The phone would be on 24/7 and connected to speaker. The non techie would only need to press the buttons on the speaker to operate it.  As far as quality goes. Non techies would jut be happy to listen to their favorite radio stations with not too much fuss.
That's funny.  Bluetooth speaker that kind of only works with it's own app and has bad sound quality.   My 2cent's on internet radio apps is this.  After years of testing everything  I recommend Online Radio Box.  Not the most user friendly because you need to know the Country, State & City of the station to find it.  Call letters don't help much.  But so far I've found everything I was looking for.
Please review the red rotary phone in the back at 12:26.
:(😥
Too many things use apps these days, phone apps for other devices are a redundancy that is not necessary. In some cases it's more of a hassle rather than a convenience.
Now if they could make one that didn't need an app but let you cycle through not just radio stations but also police scanners or ATC at different airports around the world...
It's an expensive novelty, really.  I just wish they somehow made this a proper self-contained radio receiver, because having to rely on a smartphone, a Bluetooth connection and an app (that might go offline in a couple years) just kills it for me. You're better off just listening to TuneIn Radio on your phone.
Total waste of earths resources.
A radio that requires a mobile is worthless.
What a useless device. This makes me want to put on some vinyl. thanks! :)
So this is basically an overpriced Bluetooth speaker? ,They had a great idea and then made it as wasteful (no replacement battery will mean its e-waste the moment it stops working and I doubt they’ve put a good one in to start. It’s also a massive block of plastic which we’ve already got more than enough of) and useless as possible (app and phone reliance). Good video, terrible product.
I know we have a radio that can attune to multinational frequencies. It uses a switch atop the device to jump between the bands, and I'm not sure it's actually entirely legal, but I've listened to French broadcasts before. From Pennsylvania, mind.
how useless
The fact that the buttons didn't have NFC to automatically update your list of cities in the app was a huge miss, and then it just got worse from there when you reveal that it's just a BT speaker with extra buttons. I good idea in theory, unfortunately useless in practice.
Cool implied interface, but terrible actual product.
too bad shortwave is pretty much gone?
Have to tape an old or refurbished mobile device to the back
The makers missed an opportunity to have smart buttons which choose the station. Doing that would eliminate unnecessary and time consuming UI in the app.
"It's a bit smaller than I expected." LOL, GIGGITY!
Honestly I am more disappointed the device doesn't automatically detect the buttons.  You don't even really need NFC, just a pin header and a microcontroller. Have the device detect each button by which pins are shorted.
I honestly don't see the point of internet radio, especially one that just has a selection between a few cities nowhere near me (which would still be more functional than this thing).
For the elderly (or sight impaired) who used to like to listen to short wave and want something simple this is a great device.
Holy crap I would not deal with this thing on a daily basis ever. This could have been so much more convenient.
moan
lmao it's just a glorified Bluetooth speaker with a radio app.
Thank you for pronouncing São Paulo with the proper nasal sound. Very rare for native English speakers to take that difference into account.
My dad had a language translator thing that was reliant on an app like this device. The app did all of the work (via online services), and the device was nothing more than a Bluetooth speaker and mic, with two buttons for speaking language A or language B as selected in the app. It did nothing on its own.  Edit: I suppose in both cases, the device also serves as a hardware token of sorts allowing you to use the app functionality, even though the hardware device is not even necessary for what the app does.
I'd wonder what chips they have on the board... if they were using a cheap ESP32 board it could probably be hacked to be a fully independent device.
The fact the device isn't smart enough to swap without using the app to manually do it makes this even more of a novelty. Sure NFC would have been pretty pricey to do all those buttons, but a couple of electrical contacts on the radio with different patterns of pins on the back of the buttons would have been a cheaper alternative.
Thank you for reviewing this cr4p so we don't have to
win some, lose some...
7:25 One has to wonder if this just checks for the name of any bluetooth devices that contain "CityRadio" and not for a serial number or anything to accommodate future products, would be worth a laugh to see if a renamed airtag works to allow access.
c crane co. has an internet radio what works direct from cable via Wifi. Its pretty nice.
Usually when I see something like that suggested to me on ebay or amazon, I don't bother with it knowing full-well, it's just a rather crippled bluetooth speaker.
Is it overpriced? Yes. However the clean design and at least functional (once connected app) seems at least acceptable to some.
so it's a scam of sorts ???
Seems to me that you'd be better off getting another international radio app, and a nicer bluetooth speaker that you can use with anything.
Looks like it's just a fancy bluetooth speaker. I'd rather have a stand alone device like the HiFi one you showed.
What a piece of crap. What a waste of resources.
I have 3 or 4 old smartphones around the house. You could use some old one connected to wifi, to the little Bluetooth device and that's it. I like it.
Honest, thanks.
Someone must have the APK
😂 Even TechMOAN loses it when little Jon belts out a “Yeaaaaahhhhhhhh” 7:46 hahahahahaha
While I definitely agree there's a lot of let-downs, the fact they have curated streams is a plus. I definitely miss iTunes's built in tuner... and iTunes, I guess for that matter
Expensive though for a whim purchase.
i love that slight diss at russia
This is nothing but a glorified Bluetooth speaker.
This is... remarkable how useless it is in its current form. Oddly, with just a *few* tweaks to how it works, this could actually be a really cool device. Have it connect to WiFi, let users adjust their radio lists per country (to ensure it'll keep running in the future), and not have it be totally dependent on a phone, this would honestly be quite nifty and handy. As it is, this is just gonna be e-waste in a few years, and you're better off just using Radio Garden to connect to far more radio stations across the globe.
Bro you’re trending in the uk!!!
Well, we can safely say it doesn't really do what it says on the tin, unfortunately.
What would be a good idea is putting a normal tuning knob with the FM band but you can choose the city you want to "put your radio in". Simulating what it would actually be like if you actually brought your normal FM radio in that location.
I like an app  called radio garden   it works pretty well. Streams stations from all over the world with a map of the globe... not perfect, but pretty cool to try.
So, essentially it is just using an app to listen to radio with extra steps.
i love how devices like the radio are getting simpler and simpler to the point where the "radio" is an untunable pile of buttons reliant on a phone app that can connect to a handful of stations you can already find online. 10/10
Marketed as a Radio.. what is actually is.. a Bluetooth speaker :)) Take away the wireless devices around it.. it's a colored plastic brick!
It’s a neat little device, just a little misleading. On a positive note, my kitten was watching the video with me and when he saw your hands making adjustments, and the kitten tried to get his head scratched by you. Too cute
I kind of liked it, if it was standalone I would get one. I like radio but listen to it only when driving. Maybe I don’t hear radio at home because I don’t have a radio anymore.  Glad to see São Paulo internationally! Second time this week (first was the Borg going to wipe my city in Picard’s finale).
I guess my comment was nuked due to link, but for one of the best net radio tools go find radio garden.
Another enjoyable video, thanks for that.  Too bad the product was so insultingly pointless but you made something worthwhile out of talking about it.
So it’s a phone add on. Who cares. I can do that without it
damn, your age i really showing. any zoomer could  have told you that would be a glorified bluetooth speaker
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
i was sad about how it cant recognise which buttons you are using; that was bad but its not even a real internet radio?
Tuning In Tokyo 😂😭😂😭
was expecting this to be a device that let you hear different cities' soundscapes at a push of a button (was also expecting the buttons type to be detected by maybe an NFC chip so you don't have to change them in the app). what a useless device.
radioparadise is a fantastic San Francisco-based internet radio station with no adverts, no talking (only the occasional station ident) just great music all of the time. 👍
I agree with you. It seems to sound nice considering how small it is. The buttons are about like having preset buttons on a car radio, or even an old Grundig Majestic radio, which are nice. So in all, it seems to be a bluetooth speaker with some presets. I'm only luke-warm about it, but hey, live and learn.
It kind of looks like a phone
"Why would anyone make THIS?"  Now THAT'S a better title than TECHMOAN!
Seems a bit pointless since its just a bluetooth speaker with a built in remote control for the functions in the app. Like you said if it had wifi and could be used stand alone without a phone and just using the phone for configuration then it would have been better.
Ah, once you had to manually set the buttons the appeal vanished.
How can this not be fair use?? YouTube content match is ridiculous!!
I just use url radio on android
I was hoping this would be an Internet version of the gigantic world radio my aunt and uncle used to have the 1980s. Dependency upon an app and an irreplaceable battery really kills the deal. There’s an app I have for my phone called Simpleradio that’s $0.99 and actually does all of this except on my phone and iPad. It really is fun listening to radio stations around the world.
Have you processed just how much scam you're saving us from? Quite a bit! Thanks!
Stuff like this is why I love the euro truck multiplayer mods.   There's a mod so the radio station is playing from the local area. Good fun doing eastern Europe as hardbass when doing some miles 😅😂
It's a paid radio app with restriction on the playback device. Manufactured waste.
The concept is neat, but the product is definitely overengineered. There's no apparent need to lock each device to the other to get this output. This does give me an idea for how someone could go about this 'world radio' concept. One prospective company could set up small reception sites in each major city, capture each city's frequency band (somehow, given the analogue nature), and tether it to their radio product that not only allows a user to switch between cities but also gives them a frequency band to play with once they've reached their target city. You may need a subscription service to keep the product viable (I hate the idea, but it's hard to avoid), but we would decouple the need to find Internet radio analogues. The only real problem (besides funding the city/regional receiver sites) is getting clearance from the stations taking part without their knowing.  Never mind, that's an awful idea. Not because of the idea, but I'm not dealing with that level of corporate bureaucracy.
please keep looking out for stuff like this that is actually standalone, particularly something that early-stage dementia 'sufferers' may find easy to use. ta :)
A bit of a let down but it is unique.
Another useless piece of landfill.
Have you explored internet radio? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1YsuNMmZfU
Yeah, I suppose there's a niche market for that but really, one of many World Radio phone or computer apps and a cheap set of earbuds is a lot simpler and cheaper.  Had one of those old-fangled radios with other countries and cities on the dial when I was a kid in the 1950s and 1960s. Ours also had extra antenna terminals fow long wave and medium wave, so from Southern California we could actually listen to stations in some of those cities depending on time of day and solar activity.
Give me an old school shortwave radio over this bluetooth garbage any day!
I bet you can make a proper one with a raspberry pi or one of its clones, all you need is wifi and a media player, and maybe something to browse the streams. You could even add the buttons and recreate this thing using pure free open source software. I have been listening to streaming radio for decades now using the pc, and the raspi is just a tiny pc which is powerful enough for video, pure audio is cakewalk. Actually, don't "smart" speakers do this already? But there really is no need for the fancy voice recognition and the corporate data mining.
Total rubbish, the whole idea of having an external radio is to be able to use the phone independently. Thanks for the great review!
Landfill that 😭
Why don't they just make the app work without the bluetooth speaker and sell the app?
Looks like something that Teenage Engineering would do.
As useful as the much covered pointless trophy 😂😂😂
So it's basically worthless. Due to its limitations, I expect not nearly enough people will buy it, the low profits mean the application and service won't stay online for more than a couple of years, at which point the whole thing is e-waste.
Yeah... Goodbye Moscow...😂
100% This isn’t a proper internet radio….but it is ok for what it is. I like the app “station listing”….that’s what I would use. The buttons on the front seem to be a redundant feature. I think so long as a buyer understands what this really is, then it’s a decent enough product.  I also like the idea of listening to radio from other regions of U.K. and abroad. On that topic. Wave 105 on the English south coast is moving to an account based subscription service, meaning to listen online will soon require an account and sign in. Will stop it working on smart speakers too. I don’t understand this push for such ideas - all I want to do is listen to a radio station which isn’t available on broadcast radio where I live. Seems stupid when in Dorset you can listen normally on FM or DAB. …And… With my iPhone connected to the car system (Bluetooth), I can use the car voice recognition system to “play” a radio station inc those from overseas….in theory 😂…..the station you ask for must be in the database. Any not signed up will not work - after the car thinks about for what seems like an eternity, will or won’t it work. . . .please wait a moment, working on it. . . .and stations can seemingly disappear from the availability list a bit like YouTube. The other problem is basic cellular signal coverage. Try asking it for a radio station while sat in a signal dead spot or a very weak signal spot and it doesn’t work….after thinking about it for about 30sec. . . . . . ⌛️ p l e a s e  w a i t…. ….I can’t deal with such things…. p l e a s e - w a i t. I do like listening to Fox News radio in the car.  What about AM/FM/SW….is that still a thing? How good or bad is AM + SW? I remember AM used to be very poor especially at night. Can you get stuff from USA on SW in England? Is VOA still going?
I'm behind the times, this internet radio device would be useless to me because I don't have a smart phone to run the app. Besides I can stream radio stations on my laptop PC. Thanks for the review, I would never buy such a lack of features device.
Thank you Techmoan for the review! Would anyone be able to recommend a similar stand-alone device for listening to internet radios, please?
7:43  love me a bit of Japanese jazz
Hopefully, though the tiles will have to be made by the end user, more cities and more stations will be added however, as mentioned, with the exception of physical buttons on the device itself, it's basically a Bluetooth Speaker running I-heart or other internet streaming service.
5:37 that is WKTU 103.5 FM here in New York!
so it's just an internet radio app on your phone that has a bluetooth speaker as DRM.  how to make such a fun idea absolutely useless in practice.
If it was set up and forget so use the app to set up the Wi-Fi and layout then no need for the phone Maybe
Not what I was expecting but another flawless review. Thanks Matt!
When you showed that the city tiles still had to be manually swapped around in the app as well, I started thinking about how easy it'd be for a bespoke selection of tiles to use NFC or even just some system of pins or conductive contacts for the radio to recognize which tile is which.  Golly, that was the least of the concerns here.
I can do this already with my phone and a Beats pill speaker. 🤣🤣
What a connivingly deceiving piece of trash.
What a faff!
the CityRadio: Bluetooth Internet radio from Italy. Needs an App to work and the battery is sealed in. ("iCityRadio?") Not much volume, takes time to tune in a city. Volume controlled by the SmartPhone, so it's just a "tethered Bluetooth speaker."
Impressively half-assed. If it actually was what you expect it to be then it would be quite neat
I was going to recommend an application like "Radio Garden" because it has helped me a lot to listen to stations from all over the world. But apparently it is blocked in some regions (I am in Colombia and I can listen to almost everything, but there are people in the UK who have blocked regions) and I couldn't recommend something that works in some regions of the world and not in others and they have to use external services like VPN.
It's a  bit of a half baked idea, in something that looks like cheap 1980s shower radio.
OMG what a piece of crap !
with all these hot swap buttons but it completely relies on the app to change what the buttons do, why have a physical device at all, it can probably run exclusively on your phone using said app and probably with better sound quality and connection lol.  I realize he said this like half way through but its what I was thinking as soon as he said it was on an app.
What case are you using on your iPhone 14
Hopefully the company see this review and spend the $1 extra for a wifi-ble combo IC.
The Radio Garden app is good.
I was hoping the buttons were keyed to select the city like the old Leap Frog games we had for our kids that had pieces with notches on the back that activated switches to make a binary code.  One was a matching game with the fronts and backs of animals,  so you could make abominations like a "cow-horse" and such.
Hopeless machine but I will be tuning in to Radio Havana. Liking that vibe.
Like yourself and others here, I spent quite a lot of time tuning through the bands to get interesting foreign stations, like YLE Helsinki (IIRC). Also used to pick up Radio Moscow around the time of the Berlin Wall coming down! Good times. I also got in to TV-DXing picking up many exotic signals during tropos. Shame that all ended with the switch-off of analogue TV. N.B. This device would be useless to me as I refuse to sign up to either of the Google or Apple duopolies. Why should *_everything_* require such? I have a Computer!
Another device that'll eventually end up in the bin.
The fact that this device can't be connected to a phone as a standalone speaker without the app, makes the deal even worse.
there are a series of videos in youtube of internet radio revices you that can review I like this one Sangean WFR-39 FM-RBDS
e-waste
Fun idea....but still just a novelty.
Not a bad idea of grand dad's radio, totally ruined by setup procedure.
This is the definition of E-waste.
Absolutely Useless. Now I still have to have 2 devices in close proximity. Ugh. I just want ONE device I can set up somewhere, this size, I can take outside or around the office or home, in easy range of my wifi and far away from my phone while I'm doing yard work or whatever. If it can still tether to my phone and answer calls like a speakerphone extension that would be extra points. I do NOT want to be dependent on TWO battery powered devices all the time. No. Do not want. Waste of plastic and electronics.
Looks like something from aldi for about 5.99, or if you wait till they realize no one is buying it, 3.99 🤣
It's a shame they didn't do it properly.  I can't imagine it would have been any more difficult than developing an iphone application.
We had a shortwave radio, when I was a child in the ‘70s growing up in Venezuela, so we listened to radio from Cuba, Argentina, France, all over the Caribbean, and of course the venerable BBC broadcasts … both in Spanish and in English! — _The Goon Show, The World News, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy_ as it first aired — really, anything from anyplace where we spoke the language. (Yes, Voice of America was available, but deeply *boring,* and steeped in ideology, with little entertainment … so we seldom tuned in.)  Man, those were the nights, gathered around our shortwave in our kitchen, laughing our heads off at the dreaded lurgy. I don’t really understand this CityRadio device: it’s just an app, equivalent to dozens you could find anywhere for free, but with some extraneous hardware built around it.  I love the idea of shrinking the world, of hearing broadcasts from all around our planet, and of knowing these are your next-door neighbors even if they’re clear across the globe! But if you want that, just buy a shortwave radio! It’ll be infinitely more fun, and infinitely more rewarding!!
E-waste before it left the factory. what i do is have an FM transmitter and a laptop outputting the radio I want. The FM transmitter is the audio output. So it plays on any FM radio with in range. Works way better than this.
another neat device completely ruined by a pointless required bluetooth app.
Thank you for informing about the missleading advertising!
Short wave radio over the internet is fun as well but a real short wave 100 KM into the wideness with no AM/FM  radio or cell phone shortwave is still king.
i wouldnt mind something that you could hook up to an external speaker system and would be stand alone.
Does it have Hilversum, Athlone and Luxembourg?
If you want to traverse the stations around the globe (quite literally, lol) consider visiting “radio dot garden” (idk if I’m allowed to post links, better safe than sorry). Never imagined I would listen to Pyongyang radio at 4 am 😅
Have a look for Wave Globe Radio. Sadly, I think it was only ever a 1-off prototype, which is a shame. Basically it is a globe that you spin around to select a location to stream radio from.
Just use radio garden.
This devices is the equivalent to someone who drives 35 miles extra to save a dollar on peanut butter, a lot of hard work for perceived saving in the long run, but not really
It's still a neat idea even if it's not AS functional as expected. I guess if this stayed on a desk or shelf and you had another wifi enabled device like an old tablet or phone you could theoretically use that to always be tethered to it. Obviously that's a band aid to what could have been a simplier solution but I think it's still neat for the idea overall
I don't get that device, if I want to listen to other countries big radio stations in real time I'll wait till night and recieve whatever I want on AM with my 60 year old Kuba imperal Radio. It sounds better and it's way more interesting.
Ktu fm is a Long Island New York local radio station
A device like the one you thought you were getting is actually one that I wished for years that someone would make. So I'm about as disappointed as you were to learn that it was just an app accessory...
its a cool design, but may as well just use your phone with an app at that point. still, i do appreciate their creativity.
This is just the Acer NeWeb and Sonicbox iRhythm nearly 25 years later. Same concept but instead with Bluetooth...
Now, do they make a small BT speaker, just a regular speaker that sounds as good. That would a good alternative. But it would just be a decent BT speaker nothing else.  Too bad they didn't develop this product fully. Setup on the smart phone to connect the device to your wifi and then use it as stand alone.
There’s an app called radio garden on phones that do exactly this for free with nothing else. You can listen from any radio broadcast from the world, very convenient. So I don’t really see the point of this
Would you please review Tecsun or Xhdata radios or any decent shortwave radio with affordable price.
Sooo, its basically a bluetooth speaker with an app that tunes preset stations. You can just get a free internet radio app and do the same thing with even better station choices,  wow this is really dumb.
Brilliant Video! This was not a mistake! You have saved people money again Sir Techmoan! Thank you!
useless
that's one expensive bluetooth speaker..
Paris...New York....Peckham. Lovely Jubbly
Take it apart, slap in a ESP-32 board and you're good to go (it'll take a little work, but it shouldn't be too hard).  It might even be based on ESP32 and you could just start reprogramming it.  In fact, please take it apart and let us know what you find.
relying on the app seems kind of silly when you could just use your phone to use radio garden or other service, it defeats the whole purpose of the product
I too am trying to decide between the Ioniq 5 and the Ariya.
What a crappy product. They should have put a Raspberry Pi inside and provide an open source software or a basic web interface.
My car does that volume thing where my phone's volume sets the limit of my car's volume and its extremely annoying
To any developers out there I want this device connected to my wifi only  select my city and tune in to all my fav stations..can anyone do it for me
I can't believe the customisable buttons don't actually change the presets! That's the only appeal for a device like this 😢
I truly like stand alone devices.
E-waste the moment you unboxed it - what a shame :(
Such an incredible device, they managed to add EXTRA BUTTONS! to a standard Bluetooth speaker. I wonder when the whole Premium Breathing app/subscription craze will end.
Once the battery fails or the app disappears one day that will become a very pretty sea green door stop.
Something that is not readily apparent to someone not aware of how streaming internet data works, is that this "radio" is using your phone's data allowance only, and not the home internet (as it doesn't connect to the router).  Some people on very limited mobile data plans could well get a nasty surprise if they listened a lot to very high bitrate stations only.
How many of the music streams offered are actual on-the-air radio stations in each particular city or country, and not just an internet-only stream that happened to put "FM" or "96" in their name to play make believe?
Asia Dream Radio! I use them all the time~ C:
does the USB-C port double as an audio out port like on newer mobile phones?
I use the Radio Garden app to listen to world radio...
what an absolutely awful device wow 🤣
Haha, Moscow straight into 🗑️.
"This radio lark's a wonderful hobby, y'know. I've got friends all over the world, all over the world... none in this country, but friends all over the world." Tony Hancock, The Radio Ham.
Nice review!
rreeydiooh
Thanks for the review.  Nice thought but disappointing execution by the manufacturer. GraceDigital are the ones that I like for standalone internet radio players.  Solid units.  Grace Link connected to my Tivoli Model Two sounds great.  My Mondo Elite Classic is overly bass-ey with any EQ setting.  You can also manage them through a browser which is nice considering the have 100(!) presets.  Definitely worth checking out.  Not cheap but they do sell refurbs.
Looks sort of garbage but I guess you could use it with an old smart phone to make it more like what you wanted.
Are we living in a time where poor quality, oversimplify machines are fine? God... The look of this is terrible. Looks like the prototype.
The speaker doesn't work without a phone, the phone app doesn't work without the speaker. A gimmicky bluetooth speaker with extra buttons that also works as a hardware license key for the internet radio app.
100 Euro for a tiny mono bluetooth speaker. Narp! 🙄. Great video as always though.
Once again my hopes are dashed. 😂
To be honest, as mentioned already,how could anyone think this is any good 🤔 Have a great day everyone
it's just blueetooth spealer with some fake lego tiles on it, some manufacturers just can't get it right huh
Useless...🤑
Looks like an ideal accessory for an old/unused phone without an active phone service. Suddenly gives it useful life...
Can you even use it as a speaker, or does it only play radio from that ap?
Logitech Squeezebox is maybe a solution. However, I don't think that they are made anymore.  😢
I suspect the additional software/hardware support required to manage and stream multiple streams over the internet via WiFi would require an operating system of some kind and end up expensive where a smart phone already has all that stuff built in.  What this really means that a decent internet radio streaming app with or without an added bluetooth speaker would accomplish the same job and be more flexible.   The problem is, if you're like me and don't have a smart phone, neither option is available.   This smart phone version at least means you don't have to be tethered to your home internet and can roam around with it.   A WiFi stand alone version would be nice but not only may be cost prohibitive considering the requirements to support such a thing in the device, it might stop working if the internet services it uses or internet protocols (such as security protocols like HTTPS) get upgraded and the device no longer is capable of supporting them.   Even on older computers, people are finding out that Apple Mail for instance, can no longer connect to some mail servicers because it doesn't support internet security protocol TLS v1.2 which has now become a security requirement for all email client programs, and older versions of Mac OS can't be upgraded for that without upgrading the hardware as well.   Similarly, streaming radio client programs could stop working in the future without the appropriate software update which the hardware may by then be insufficient to run.
Hey TechMoan. What speakers do you use on your personal hifi system? :)
This is a cool novelty but I can imagine myself having more funn with a shortwave radio instead! You never know wht you are going to find on the airwaves at any given time :)
This really is your classic solution looking for a problem to fix.
Missed opportunity.
the moment you said it required an app, I knew it'd be e-waste. If you require an app for anything that's supposed to a radio, it's immediately completely pointless, since you don't need this crap to listen to it. You only need your phone and a £5 bluetooth speaker, and you'll get the same result
Mat is "miffed"    ;)  Thanks for the review.., I won't be picking one up anytime soon.  Also, I really like your channel, keep it up! I always give you a thumbs up even before I watch it because I know its going to be good
Disappointing that this is basically a bluetooth speaker mashed up with a HID button device, when a $100 retail budget is plenty to make an actual WiFi netradio receiver with.
So... A bt speaker with hardware buttons to radio garden?
The speaker would more sense if it just downloaded some radio footage to replay when offline - remembering all those GTA stations it can work just fine.   But obviously software part is subpar, and hardware is kind of a reskin, making it more like a novelty / toy item rather than a time-proof device that would be able to gain some fans from nostalgia crowd.  That's when a KickStarter campaign into various editions and lots of feedback could work better. But too much marketing and 100 EUR price tag...
This could be a fun thing to add-on to a smart hub that allowed android apps. For example if you have a smart fridge or a tablet that's always in the house. Still kind of a bizarre device. Though I would like something like this that was programmable to play different .m3u feeds depending on the button.
Thank you making an excellent video. It's a shame the product is so disappointing and virtually useless - completely hobbled, for your convenience!  I'll just stick to a smartphone and standard Bluetooth speaker, which seems eminently more sensible. Oh well!  Thanks again!
The main problem will be if the manufacturer stop updating the app as one day the app won’t work after updating the iOS then the speaker just becomes e~waste
Not even door stop worthy....
I still miss the puppets.
You should check the JBL Link speaker
I don't get it why you'd want a device that relies on a mobile app while you can get a generic Bluetooth speaker, and listen to internet radio on it using your favorite streaming app. The CityRadio app could be pulled from the app store, then you'll have a nice but expensive paperweight.
3:37 KaBoom!!! 😹
Radio Garden is a great app to listen to radio from around the world. Just spin the globe to the green dot of your choice and listen
Nice piece of e-waste just for €99,00
They could've done WiFi with the same hardware they just didn't want to do the software
When they get one for AM stations exclusively - I'm in!!  😬
More E-waste for the future, it's so annoying when companies make electronic devices that don't have changeable batteries and Apps you can't buy and download the source files for before they are pulled from App stores.
Hi Matt, I'd be interested in you doing a feature on the now abandoned Worldspace satellite radio system.  I used to sell the receivers back in the day.
It might be hackable.? But then again, it does not communicate directly with Wi-Fi, so its not worth the effort.
Hello, Try to find the Finnish "YLE"😊. We also have a swedish radio in Finland. You may try to listen on YLE VEGA🤗. Regards Stig Österberg from Dalsbruk in Finland.
What I really want in a wireless internet clock that adjusts itself for daylight saving time automagically. They make them, but they're insanely expensive.
👍Ti ringrazio per il video ciao
The selection of buttons is a bit odd, and doesn’t do a great job of representing the “world”.  With a population of ~380 million people covering 23 sovereign states and holding two of the G7 countries, and North America only gets buttons for “New York” and “Havana”?  Not that Africa fares much better — and _both_ fare better than the Middle Eastern countries.  The selection entirely looks like a Euro-centric idea of “important cities of the world”.  Sure, decisions have to be made when you only have 18 buttons, but when nearly half of them are in Europe (8/18 by my count?) you’re not leaving much room for the variety that is the rest of the world.
Cool concept indeed, but yeah, completely torpedoed by way of crap UX.
While I agree, that stand-alone devices are preferred, this is a step-up from you average Bluetooth Speaker.  Finding one with good sound is definitely a positive as well.
So sad. Scrap available in stores that will very quickly find its way to Mumbay or Kenya to be taken apart by the poorest of the poor under the most adverse conditions. Such ideas should be banned from the outset.
€99???!!! Not for me at that price.
It seems like somebody had a good idea, but then the good idea was too hard so they just did a bad idea as stupidly as possible.
Good concept, but cheap junk.
More e-waste foir landfills.
I used to love using Radio Garden to listen to stations all around the world, but now all you can get is stations from the UK (I am from the UK) and that's a real bummer. I made the following video before it was locked to the UK - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8as8YCZHN0I
gosh some of these products are so cynical
I'd imagine someone with the proper skills (i.e. not me) could code this app into a small raspberry pie, or something. Add it to the innards of this to make a device that is more of what you desire. Coding and a bit of hardware, im sure somebody (*gestures vaguely away from myself*) could do it.
Expensive shitty blåtand speaker
Engineers reinventing the wheel in rectangular shape.
I'd be interested to see what's inside it. Probably an ESP32 or similar microcontroller with bluetooth.  If it turns out to have an unused Wi-Fi radio it'll be an even more stupid product.
Get rid of Moscow
it seems like they didn't know who they were making this for and thus it doesn't make sense for anyone,, the type of customer buying this type of product would clearly be someone looking for a device other than their smartphone that can play internet radio, perhaps more simply, then by definition, they're looking for something other than their smartphone, but you must open the app on your smartphone, so what is it for?
Just the useful lifesaving accessory for SHTF.... NOT. Interesting product and great review.  But I'm not gonna buy one. It seems like an app without the box could do exactly the same thing.
I try to avoid devices which are dependent on an app, except for devices from Google because everyone knows that Google never just suddenly kills off any of their apps, services, or devices.
this just made me sad thinking about how radio garden isn't allowed to work properly in the UK :'(
In what way is this better than a simple bluetooth speaker ?! Ridunkulous..
That's what I thought just use phone and save money by not buying it LOL .
What happens if you plug in USB-C headphones into the radio?
The device is crap
I can see this concept working if it was Wi-Fi and if it was self contained.  As is, it's a bluetooth speaker that has less utility than a blue tooth speaker.
While i like the concept I dislike this device for two reasons : It is reliant on an App to function and when that app goes away and it will one day it becomes as useful as a paperweight and secondly the non replaceable battery is also a deal breaker.
To be clear. The product was a mistake, the video was BRILLIANT!  Loved this <3
waste of resources that "radio"
I like to try to tune into international radio stations, but i like to scan for them on my shortwave radio and see what i can pick up. Doing that's just as enjoyable as listening to it on its own.
Tokyo has a station called BOOTY FM.
It's very a rinky dinky but they could have at least put in a stereo output to connect to your hi-fi.
It seems as if it is two different Bluetooth devices in one. The app doesn't know that it's connected even after the phone connects to the speaker... You might be able to change the audio output on your phone after connecting in the app, to be able to use the app with other speakers/ headphones.
Another useless piece of electro crap.
Just needs an Amstrad badge on it 🙂
Unless you like collecting useless pieces of hardware, there's nothing here that would convince me to buy this thing. It does nothing more (and a lot less, looking at the app) than a ubiqitous radio app such as VRadio would do.
That's what you call a 'parasite device' or 'a solution looking for a problem'.  Thanks for exposing this waste of electronics and metal, Techmoan!
I too always wondered why I could never get radio stations from places written on the dial on my radio? Now I know why. Thanks chap.
The other problem for the old kind of dial shortwave radios that had cities printed on their dials, is that the location of the cities relative to the frequencies were based on known allocations at the time.  And, eventually, allocations changed.
Is that like many devices these days? A device looking for a reason to exist? Not bad sound as you say. Thanks for the video.
Waste of money...
Have you tried Radio Garden? The globe with radio stations mapped
Is this radio available in Belgium?
Middle-man technology.
I suppose you could take an old smart phone with maybe a damaged screen and hot glue it onto the back of the speaker. You would only ever need to access it for initial setup or to reconfigure some stations. It can just act as the brains you had hoped were built in.
That device is very deceptive about what it can do. Not impressed.
I’ve enjoyed the Radio Garden App, which presents internet radio plotted on a world map.
I love the idea of the interface, but I'm quite disappointed that it needs to be Bluetooth connected in order to work
great video -- the first half is like a setup and punchline lol
Real-world product, getting a real-world review.  Thanks, Matt!
Wow, what a poor product.
We also used to own one of those radio’s with the city names on them. But just like you said, we would only receive the local stations because of the station’s range of transmission.   I also liked the fact that “Hilversum II” and “Hilversum I” appeared on the radio you showed in the beginning, just because I come from that neck of the woods. 🙂  Nevertheless, once again, it was a relaxing and funny video to watch, although you considered it to be a mistake.  (And if you think this video is a mistake, please make more of them). 😁  You end with: “Thanks for watching”, Let me end with: Thanks for filming! 👍
Definitely got me curious enough to search for the best modern versions, I love international music culture! I regularly find myself looking for  global music apps, even on my Roku TV!
i wish those were "drop nuke" buttons rather than radio
Take an old, retired phone with wifi and use it. But then, why bother?
I'd almost be interested if it featured more cities. Not to throw any shade but I personally don't care much about most of these. Oh its just a crappy speaker... somehow even worse! Very impressive indeed.
Sadly, there's nothing magical about the buttons. The app controls the buttons, so the buttons are just labels. But for people who like to press buttons, it could be fun. You don't have to unlock the phone to change stations.
lol wow that's some amazing useless kit
The Tokyo music was great tbh
The radio I lick I the radio crystal that runs with no batteries or electric ctystalyodo
I use the Radio Garden app connected to a Sangean tabletop radio via Bluetooth. It's a great setup.
“… just disappeared”. We had to do that running an internet station in the UK after 5 years. Unfortunately music licensing comes out at about £200 per listener per year for stations that don’t simulcast (relay an AM/FM/DAB service). When targeted adverts make you less than £25 a year, I’m surprised there’s much still out there and available in the UK.   It’s also worth noting licences don’t generally cover you for both sides of the Atlantic. Thus the geoblocking you see nowadays on TuneIn.
I think I'd rather use something like Radio Garden with a bluetooth speaker than something gimmicky like this.
Everything I use is controlled by some App on iPhone, but they are all standalone devices too
With broadcast radio, every radio station in an area is available within a frequency spectrum and with a few exceptions, that frequency is constant for that station. The Internet does not have that and URL's can and frequently do change. Worse still, radio stations appear to be shifting toward smart speaker/app only delivery of stations so they can control their ecosystem of stations for targeted advertising or finally add paywall capability that isn't viable with existing Internet radio sets as Bauer have started doing with their stations, virtually impossible with FM and impractical with DAB (it did happen in Singapore). I would wager that the last iteration of Internet Radio sets will be Android based ones that are pre-installed with the broadcasters radio apps or have access to the Google Play Store to download them.
well if they made it an inch higher and wider could put nearly all the magnets on.  but hey... an app to get you to purchase a limited life gimmick.  yeah
I use  Tunein Radio for internet radio and soemtimes have to use a VPN because some of the stations outside of the UK wont play but its the best and easiest app to use great video. I am looking for a bluetooth/wifi speak that has built in Spotify. any suggestions. an internet radio with the ability to play from spottily
Not made in Italy
very creative pricing....
I look forward to the day when Bluetooth connects as fast as a Playstation controller.
Occasionally a new product comes out that rises above the others and actually makes me pretty angry. What a cynical device. I guess they figured no one would pay for the app by itself.
This radio is a spectacular dud.
That went from interesting novelty from completely worthless extra step to TuneIn. 😖
the cost to create a wifi radio is one esp32 and dac... it's really sad despite all the DIY chip era.. we still don't have access to cheap wifi radio solution.
Shite
Brilliant a Saturday TechMoan 😍
Reminds me of my Q2 internet radio cube. It's really stand alone after you configure it with the help of a little Windows application, via the USB cable they supply. It's WiFi dependant but doesn't need your phone to be nearby in order to be operated. It's not "city" oriented but you got 4 presets to choose from, enough for most usage IMHO. You just have to rotate the cube to the right or left in order to switch stations. Volume is lowerable by tilting it towards you, it gets louder if you tilt the cube the opposite way and shuts down if you face the speaker on the table. More, it has a surprisingly very good sound quality. It's been almost ten years since I bought it for my mother that became blind. She had no harm to operate it, no need to see where controls were.  A little off subject comment, sorry. Have a good day!
"bluetooth 4.2 in case you were interested" ... well i do appreciate the fact indeed.
Great video for a device that doesn't really need to exist. Now dialing up a far away station on a old school real radio...
The cities on the tuning dial reminded me of a vacuum tube radio/record player. It's called Rigonda, it was made in Latvia and was quite common in the eastern bloc
Falls at the first hurdle for me: I have no interest in listening to radio stations from another city/country. Or this country (UK) come to think of it!
What a piece of garbage lol
It looks like a nice product for a grandfather. Nice bluetooth speaker 😂
Moskow... go fu.. 💛💙
i had a kiss radio it used internet Kiss 1600 Media Player
Most misleading pap ever isn't it?  I absolutely hate these glorified Bluetooth speakers that require an app! Pretty much the way all tech seems to be going.
Can you connect the app to different Bluetooth speaker and then continue to use the app?
Thumbs down for this as a purchase
Complete waste of money. I've a number of real Internet radios but the most compact and simple to use model I use is a ocean digital wr-23d. Great sound and very light weight. Unfortunately they seem impossible to find now
I wonder why they make devices like this with a non replaceable battery?  The clock radio I bought a couple of years ago has a non replaceable backup battery! So when that battery dies the device is E-waste. It's  not like these devices need to be waterproof.
Or, you could just put a tuner channel on your tv and have a zillion radio channels that way
Wait a minute  That's a Bluetooth speaker with extra steps
Strange little devise.
i like the idea of a curated list of radios from around the world, but their implementation is very lackluster and not worth anyones time. i wouldnt mind paying for an app that had a curated/sorted list of stations or a proper standalone device
So it's an internet radio app and a blue tooth speaker that can ONLY use that app.  Near scam level on that.
Jakarta a litle bit bend..hmmm to many traffic jam i think
9:24 Seeing as it's basically a bluethoot speaker and little more, it should have a decent sound at least.
That is one sad little Bluetooth speaker. It's trying so hard to be something.
It wasn't a mistake, just trial without any real error,the information is still of important nature, Good Job Matt!!
I guess I could see this being handy in maybe a workshop or something. After taking a minute to connect it every morning (which really shouldn't be necessary but whatever), it would be convenient to just tap a button to change stations rather than pull out your phone and open an app.  And I assume this would work with an old, decommissioned phone as long as it supports the app, so you could have a phone that just operates the radio living next to it and always connected.  Very convoluted in any case. Just trying to think of ways this might be more convenient than just a radio app.
99 Euros for that? Are you kidding?
Isn't that Harry's XJ12 at 10:17?
Interesting device. I really like the idea.
Just dig an old phone up from the drawer, and use it with that. That would make it almost 'standalone', or at least, not relying on your everyday phone. If you don't have an old phone which is both working OK and has new enough OS on it to work with this, just buy the cheapest possible "throw away" supermarket smartphone, it will be perfect for this purpose.
A raspberry pi connected to a powered speaker could do the job. It just needs internet radios in which most them are free.
Looks like the only thing of potential value here is having a curated list of audio streams from around the globe. If their curation meets your desires.
Very thorough review as usual, thank you. Having said that, this device seems to be as useless as a truckload of dead rats in a tampon factory.
it will never catch on.
I wouldn't buy it. I rather a standard bluetooth speaker than this.
I use the Radio Garden app with my JBL speaker. This seems like a step down.
Ah, what a time we live in. Radios that have no actual radio in them (apart from the Bluetooth one)
As soon as you start talking it sounds like the mic is far away... Maybe a lapel mic next time?
6:40 Could be a useful speaker if you could get another music app to respond to the buttons. Then you could have buttons on the speaker for each genre.
A device sold as a radio which is not a radio at all. Marketing… legalized lying.
It's an interesting idea but in the end you are spending money for no reason because you can do the same thing with the TuneIn app and a regular Bluetooth speaker.  Even scrolling through the stations isn't convenient because you don't have a display to tell you what station you are on and you are limited to locations - can't do Dallas or Toronto if you don't want New York.  I agree, this would be a good product if it was something you setup with the app and then it worked as a standalone device but like this, they are basically asking you to buy a special speaker to use their app for something you can already do with your phone.
in america you can get am stereo radio sounds fantastic.
Given its primarily just an app Id recommend going to radio garden instead. Its really quite nice for just spinning the globe and seeing whats on all around it. (Unfortunately, if you are in the UK it wont work for stations outside the UK due to licensing issues, but if your browser is like Brave and lets you open tabs in Tor or other way of appearing not in the UK it works fine.)
So what would be cool, Is it you have like a cheap phone and used that and have it pluged into a usb and wifi and just have it always on, seems cool though
Me thinks the person who came up with this idea and the engineer who brought it together weren’t on the same page unfortunately.
This would be good if they either drastically lower the price or make it independent of the app
Who is the customer?  You bought it!
Nice design, poor functionality. I'd be a bit miffed as well.
For 100 euro it should easily have a WIFI chip and be able to connect to WIFI to operate on its own.. Don't waste your money - buy a Sonos.
That's the type of garbage that collects dust after one use.
I forget what is called but there's a website that shows you a world map and connects you to radio stations around the world from that. It's really cool.
"What a load of old shit!" 😆 A fancier bluetooth speaker for dements.
Perfect for me because I don't have wifi at home! I remember many late nights in the early 80's (in my early teens) with a bulky, yellow, headphene radio. it could pick up LW and I'd turn the dial from end to end, micrometrically, chasing Moscow, Helsinki, Paris, Madrid etc, from my bed in Ireland. Fun times.
Most complicated Bluetooth speaker ever :D
Why the heck if the thing is just a BT speaker not able to work autonomously, why the "volume" knob just does not control the phone volume setting instead?...
I feel like the hardware would be more useful as a decent Bluetooth speaker with configurable macro buttons, like if one button could launch a Spotify playlist and another launches a local mp3 playlist or a podcast app, etc
It looks like one of the variants of bluetooth speakers that Ikea sells maybe just buy a Bluetooth speaker for Ikea
Seems like they put all their effort into marketing and not the product. It's almost the default way of doing things now.
This was NOT a mistake. This ensured that your listeners knew what was actually in the box, a tremendous service. This device would have definitely caught my eye. It might have caught my money if not for this review. Thank you!
Seriously what a joke for $112 USD!! I'll just use the Tunein app on one of my Rokus, or phone, then pick the stations I want saved to my favorites, and they will always be there when I log into my account.
This video is quite ironic in itself, the motive to hear worlds cities but immediately after opening removed to only specific ones.
e-waste and the company that created it should be prosecuted for the externalities they created beyond the product - ie CO2 emissions and recycling costs
Well that is disappointing.
I was hoping for one of the buttons to be labeled Munich. As in New York–London–Paris–Munich.
Pity about the limitations, looked very charming. From what I understand a microcontroller with wifi can be quite cheap, so that's double the disappointment.
I can already hear people buying these off eBay, followed by the whirr of a Dremel and whatever noises a Raspberry Pi Zero makes.
I didn't even know this was a thing.  Thanks for introducing me to devices like what you got and devices you thought you were getting.
Обычная блютуз колонка
There's an app that does that and it's completely free - Radio Garden. I can't recommend it enough. I just airdrop it to my speaker. Too bad that this radio itself is crap though, it would be a cool idea.
Setting aside the functioning, I can't believe they omitted New Orleans & WWOZ, as close as you get to a city having an 'official' station.
nice idea, completely botched
Snake oil salesman
A great idea, awfully developed
I was hoping you would lay out the buttons as "New York, London, Paris, Munich". That's how you get Pop Music. 😂
Some poor sod probably poured their life savings or redundancy in to this idea. If ever there was a product that wasn't needed and didn't do a job, this is it ;)
I see there's a New york,London and Paris button but not one for Munich.Does that mean it wont receive pop muzic?
Hearing different cities & their interconnected stations is kind of unique & relaxing.
Something to buy at a rummage sale and put on the shelf.
*<Giggles in vintage AM radio>*
All we hear is, Radio Ga-Ga.
So you could, in theory, use an old device that just connects via wifi and leaves the app running all the time, but it still is rather useless lol
I was hoping you were going to crack it open, that's what normally happens  😢😢😢😂 anyway was a bit of fun anyway 😅
Stick a Raspberry pi in it
No apologies needed. Thanks for another  video.
Barcelona has the best music out of all the selections
So close to being really cool. But as it sits it's just another useless device that serves no function beyond what you can do with just using an app.
I can't believe that this is a current product I don't see who it's for... With a bluetooth speaker a standard bluetooth speaker that you can get for fairly unexpensive they can be fairly loud and you can play whatever you want and they don't have to be connectthe internet. This still doesn't get connected to internet, And it intensely limits your choices. With no replacement battery I can't see who this is for.  If you've already got good enough data connection on your phone you can listen to whatever station you want to on iheartradio, Google has radio stations, The apple store I believe has radio stations,  You can't even use the app separately from the device that doesn't make any sense.
Seems like the device itself is unnecessary. Just use the phone
those who have built the device are ignorant idiots... the capital of Spain is MADRID, not Barcelona.
Most useless item I have see in some time.
Lots of other alternatives without spending time and money on a gadget that has no benefits. I don't see the reasoning behind this. I thought it was going to be a kids toy.
That NHS covid app sitting on your phone screen like a malignant growth.
You could potentially sideload the app on an Android TV box like the Nvidia shield for example. But that will already be connected to your HiFi and you’ll already be able to get internet radio presets via HeOS or TuneFM or something. So this device would be superfluous.  It is indeed almost completely pointless.
I’m sure the designer had an idea like what you thought it was going to be, but they had to work with engineers under a budget. No doubt this took a lot of time and a lot of thought to develop, and one by one concessions were made.  It feels like they could have had rfid tags for each city magnet so you can at least switch them out without programming in the app
iHeart radio
Basically just an overpriced novelty. Don't really blame you for feeling a bit let down.
Hey TechMoan, haven’t watched in a while, sorry
I would personally recommend just using the Radio Garden app and whatever your Bluetooth audio device of choice is. The app lets you pan around a glove and see where stations are broadcasting from and has a decent variety. I suggest you don't start visiting the websites listed in the station profile though as some of them are really small indie stations with sites that are nothing but ads and malware. I've been reporting them as I find them and they're good about removing those stations from their listing, but new ones can always pop up.
I do the same thing with a Amazon Echo connected to my phone via blue tooth.
What a complete con, I can listen to the world on my ICF-2001D and that doesn't require a constant connection to the internet or your phone.
Wow. Talk about over bloated BS. I'll just stick to directly streaming what i want.
You made a point of what I absolutely hate about products based on cloud services! If you don’t have the app or can’t connect, then the product becomes useless! I had a router like this. Luckily I threw it out!
It's sad how cumbersome they made this thing :(  Would have definitely loved a standalone device.
The radio stations are probably part of a prerecorded database located somewhere in China.
Thanks for the warning already have a few radio stations saved in favorites this device is more useless than the phone alone.
You might just aswell have one button for the Assiciated Press, since the deep state controlled media all around the world follow the same script.
Basically just a piece of crap you'll be able to pick up at Ollies Bargain Bin for $4.99 in a year.
much love for removing moscow from the list of cities at the beggining  of course this is a small thing, but not for those who hear air raid alerts every day and see how their rocket flies to a supermarket
Ну-ка верни Москву на место! Старый ты недоносок😂😂😂😂
To Quote “Rick and Morty” just has more steps.  I’d rather do what my Grandfather did and use my Amateur/HAM license to have true TX/RX comms around the world
I heard that cities that are listed on AM radio came from early plane navigation. Every major airport had its own frequency for radio beacon that plane can tune on to and find the  direction to the airport. Someone decided to broadcast music instead if beacon beeps, and so became a radio stations that were listed on the dial
Can it connect to radio Pyongyang? If not then I am not interested.
Looks like a piece of junk to me. I prefer to use this app for radio stations from abroad. https://uk.radioonline.fm/
Luvs it! My dad loved radios, when internet radios  first came out, we got him one for Xmas.  It was a real pain to get setup, but once we programmed it for him he was listening to radio stations all over earth. Yes its so much easier to just Google the programming you want, but my dad never owned a cellphone. But he loved his internet radio!
That is bad idea, worse implementation.
$99! ?? That's way too much for me. 99dkk would be alright (about £11.70).
This product reminds me a Chinese proverb:  Remove pants before you fart ( 脫褲子放屁 ), meaning "pointless step that is totally unnecessary".
So it's basically a wireles dongle...
Given the very sad demise of MW and LW broadcasting in Europe, t'Internet may soon be the only way to listen to many stations outside FM coverage. And if you want to go down the route of listening on Short Wave, there is so much electromagnetic hash across the spectrum from wall-wart power supplies and other switching PSU's that trying to listen indoors with a standard telescopic antenna is painful.   What I AM looking for is an FM/AM/SW/DAB radio with SSB. I can find one with EITHER SSB or DAB, but nothing that ticks all of  the boxes in a portable package. PlaySDR is the closest, but needs a PC.
I would be unhappy to discover it was just a not particularly useful bluetooth speaker with added impediments too.
While the interchangeable button design is interesting, the rest of the thing looks pretty awful, as if it were the product of a 3-D printer on demo mode.  I hope you didn't have to pay much for it, but thanks for sharing your experience, if only as a warning to potential buyers.
What internet radio aggregation platform does it use as this can make or break an internet radio. Back in 2021 Recieva shut down effectively bricking a lot of internet radios in the process - no aggregator, no radio stations. Skytune is a current popular aggregator but they don't appear to monitor added stations so there are multiple entries for some stations.
Ideally you could configure the phone to automatically open the app when connected to that Bluetooth device. Not sure how to do that on iPhone.
Is it using some standard Bluetooth mechanism for the button signals? If so maybe it would work with other apps too?
There's projects out there making internet radios with an esp8266 and an mp3 decoder. I've always wanted to put one together (I have an antique wooden radio case to put it into) but I don't listen to the radio much anyway.
It would need a lot more countries to be interesting for me. There's no labels for the Nordic countries, Baltic countries etc. Of course it's also missing something that people listen to a lot which are different emergency service dispatch streams, ATC streams etc.
palomar makes a bunch of stuff for ham radio operators. I'm only 2 mins into the video, so if you said that later on.. woops!
Disappointing device
Burning through your phone battery to run this “radio” really does ruin it for me. Like you say, I’d rather use another radio app on a better Bluetooth speaker…
Radio Garden
So its just a bluetooth speaker with preset buttons?
Just got myself a Pure Elan Connect+ Internet radio, best thing I've bought in ages
You might as well use Alexa
Useless
So tired of products requiring an app for basic functionality. If it's a no name company it's all but guaranteed it won't get updates and be unusable once a new iOS/Android version locks it out. If it's a reputable company it'll probably get better support but eventually it'll suffer the same fate, e-waste in a landfill.  Please, for the love of god, open source your software if it's not the main product.
No Munich button? They missed an obvious musical reference.
Can it work if the app is on the PC hmmmm
Tokyo radio is rocking.
The moment you said its not smart enough to know which buttons are on there i was not interested anymore. What purpose do these interchangable buttons have if they have to be set up manually anyway? :D
Send it on to BigClive to see if he can improve it
Ah yes, city radios waaaaaay back when :) Product design fail, I'd rather it be a configurable DAB receiver. Once you set it up, it should work, phone or not.
Sound's like you got suckered, Mat.  Still, the sound is reasonably good.   :)
It annoys me to no end that we live in an era where so many awesome devices can be made, and yet almost all of them are crippled to the point of being almost completely useless/disposable by requiring a smartphone app.
I was about to ask how this is any different from things like Radio Garden but then you addressed that at the end haha It's amazing how something like this was made *just* to throw it away in a very short amount of time. Just dollars in the rubbish this thing...
what a piece of rubbish.
oof I was wondering how that was work from the thumbnail
no peckham ?
It blows my mind that it doesn't just have WiFi considering how dirt cheap the hardware for it is. Same goes for 9x NFC readers under the buttons
When I was a key d in the 1970s and 80s you could buy build your own crystal radio kits that allowed you to pick up some stations from other parts of the world. There was no battery involved and the output was very low power, often needing just an earphone, but it was fascinating to hear it. This product vaguely reminds me of that for some reason.
The only way this could be authentic is if the NEW YORK station is Hot 97
The Logitech Squeezebox (from 2009) could do all this you requesting at the end of the vid, standalone. Preset buttons you could assign any radio station on the web to. No need for apps (but you could use a web portal for easier access to its settings) Great quality sound and even had some input/output ports.  Sad to see how many good products disappeared and get replaced by inferior cheap e-waste. I used it myself for many years, I still have it and it still works but the plastic is doing this "its old and its melting" thing which is nasty.
From what I can see there are no phisical buttons in the package with Oporto or Lisbon. But can the app tune stations from Portugal, for example?
Many customers have complained that bluetooth doesn't work, how should it be. 🤣
This is one of those situations where you have a good idea that dies in the implementation.
😂 14 unread messages
As a shortwave listener I find it somewhat horrifying what little is left on LW and MW now. Internet radio is fine but once you lose internet connectivity, you lose the lot whereas regular radio is more or less free. I'll stick with SW for now.
A spot on review. If it was a standalone device with app setup it would be interesting. I like the 9 presets and the next on list button, but this machine is just a blue tooth speaker tied to one app.
Id rather get myself a shortwave radio or a bluetooth speaker.
The most useless crap i have ever seen 😂
Makes you wonder why do we still even bother with FM radio might as well allocate the bandwidth to something useful and use radio over internet
'Lovely Tone' was something my Gran used to say, and it might look nice on some Tech Moan merch - hint hint
God this thing is so stupid
That would be a nifty device worth getting, if radio garden didn't exist that is
The thing about this is that it would be so easy to make it independent of the app. Make the buttons reprogrammable contact tags, provide a little dock that can connect to a computer and allow the user to select from a list of pre-defined stations, or manually enter one themselves, that way, should the program stop being supported, at least it's still completely functional. I know this solution still replies on a program but having it be user definable would be perfect
Hmmm... 99 euros for an incredibly ugly plastic monstrosity of a Bluetooth speaker with magnetic buttons... wouldn't say it's a very appealing product for the masses.
this device is destined to🤔💔 become yet Another Contribution to the Growing E-Waste Problem! 😢😮👎💥🤕😈💫💦🤮
I guess if needs must, you could get a cheap phone to dedicate to the device, and tape it to the back of the box.
Can you rename a different Bluetooth speaker "CityRadio" and trick the app to thinking its connected?  And not having to by their speaker?
$88 to $158 in the USA with $30 S/H for the same product.  The one that I saw was red and cream.
No
A dog and pony device.
So it's basically just e-waste
Yeah, a bit of a disappointment, could almost be called deceptive. I would like a nice little internet radio, I keep seeing radio's pop up in Aldi special buys, but they are inevitably just another DAB/FM box, boring.
just wanted to know if you want to make a part 2 trying more cities
IMHO, any appliance that requires an app to use it is useless...
You'd think they'd want to include Los Angeles considering that's where Holly Wood is, but maybe that's just my American bias lol.
He bought it so you don't have to.
Wow, that's pretty useless.  I bet it's using BLE GATT Characteristics which would mean writing PC software to see the button presses would be pretty trivial.  The speaker is just a DRM device of sorts for the service.
Nice to see Harry’s garage make a surprise appearance on the channel 😅
WOW. That’s some total crap innit? 😳
I'm sure you have seen them, I have a Roberts Istream3 which is a proper stand alone internet radio, it works quite well, also gets Podcasts.
Ah these Italians and their deception techniques...
there should ba a law that says app driven physical devices must come with a minimum of 10 years of support. E-waste and trash all over the place.  Or they should have open-sourced APIs to allow continued use of the device when the company (almost definitely)  goes bankrupt.
Kind of a clever idea.  Thanks for including the Grundig Ocean Boy in the video.  When I was a young teen around 1980 I came across the same radio in my grandfather's closet.  Like you, I was intrigued by the dial markings with the city names, and of course all the dials and knobs, and the Grundig sound was spectacular.  Discovering international broadcasts with that radio launched me into SWLing throughout my teen years, collecting QSL cards and getting my letters read on the air on Mailbag programs.  Now it's 40+ years later, the internet has silenced the SW bands, and although I tried Internet radios (CCrane), it was never the same as what was.  Nonetheless,  I cherish the memories and still enjoy radio today as a ham.  While not an internet radio, this little device does evoke some fine nostalgia.  Thanks again, keep up the good work - your videos are a Sat morning tradition with coffee.  Cheers/James.
I like it! It's just a Bluetooth speaker, but the gimmick is cool. Unfortunately there are free alternatives that make this obsolete. A direct connection to the internet via a small LCD screen and the buttons actually tuning into these stations when you switch them out would make this a really neat thing.
Instant e-waste, LOL.
It looks and feels very much like something that would have been a Kickstarter project - there’s a good idea there, but the implementation is woeful.   Not least if your listening tastes are for stations broadcasting from cities other than those on the provided buttons.
Have not seen a product this utterly useless in a long while
"Why would anyone make this???" "Anyway, they did." 🤣🤣🤣   Interesting device, regardless. .... Interesting, until I went to the website and did the Euro conversion, that is! I can't see paying $115 for that.
this could have been very useful, if you could have set it up left it alone, then pick and press the button then very easy to use for old person as it need the phone on hand and using app no good it not stand alone
Probably best to use an old tablet and run radio garden ... with a Bluetooth speaker if necessary
I miss being able to listen to radio from around the world using short wave receivers. I don't know how many are active but reception declined as neighbours installed central heating with (radio) noisy controllers and now there are so many smart tv's and computers around that radio is pointless.
I see uses for this, it would let a child listen to just the six channel that you've allowed them to, or a blind adult to listen to there favorite channels with a minimum amount of assistance.
Easy to create something like that. Raspberry with media player and stream presets which can be called by id. A few nfc receivers (the one i know are quiet big so 4 buttons max on that size of device). Then magnetic  buttons with build-in nfc chip. Problem is lack of a huge amount of spare time to get this all to work! But yeah these are the fundamentals 😅
Ha, you picked up KTU, I live in range of that. Super interesting.
nice garbage
This does not even do the buffering right. It's like the late 90s, when buffering would mean to download the first seconds of a stream and use that as buffer. Modern streaming works by always having a rolling buffer ready for each stream, the client connects and gets a big buffer dump worth a couple of seconds, and starts playing. No problem with today's Internet speeds (impractical in 1997)
This "radio" gets no like from me, the video would get two from me if possible :)
hi there, if the button covers had clip on fronts so that you could write on cards then place them in to the buttons. I could see how i could use something like this for my Dad who has alzheimers - Dementia and just put an old phone tucked away on charge running the app. So he would just have the buttons to press for his local stations. It seems to sound ok from your video.. The less for someone to be able to mess with when they have Dementia is a real bonus..
It's a gimmick and not what it says on the box, but it's on the way to being something useful. It's a neat idea.
mate delete ur covid app, it was a useless waste of money even when covid was at a peak
What a rip off !
Seems silly that there is an app for these Bluetooth devices. They should just have a little web page that is served over Bluetooth, A company shouldn't have to ability to push a button and break/brick a bunch of devices.
Why keep reviewing all that new crap. Go back to the vintage hi-fi when things were proper quality.
sounds like something with some patience you could put together with a raspberry Pi tbh.
Bring in the tarmac roller
It's "neat" from a novelty standpoint but as anyone who's actually ever been interested in this knows there are several free apps that do this very thing and obviously you can send it to any Bluetooth speaker. He made the comment that they are potentially using the hardware cost to support paying for the stations? Nope. That stuff is all completely free of charge.   Because apps aside all it's simply doing is connecting to the given stations website and specifically its internet live feed because basically every radio station in the world does that now. Completely free of charge for anyone worldwide....which is literally all any of the apps including this speakers app is doing.  There's no wizardry involved.
A bit of a disappointment, indeed. But if you haven't tried Radio Garden, you should. It's a great app for listening to radio from around the world on your PC (and apparently smartphone as well, I've not tried it).
This seems like a really inconvenient way to do this for me, I hope the people that like this, enjoy it though!
I'll stick to my SDRPlay if you don't mind. Cool  viddy!
I was half considering maybe getting one after watching this, despite the flaws.. it just looks really neat .. maybe if it's not too expensive..  €99 .. well that's a hard pass from me.
Not a very convenient device, but a good idea for homemade. I think I can make this using an ESP32 or something. And it will work through Wi-Fi without a phone.
pretty impressive
As someone who has non-tech savy friends who has emigrated and wants to listen to music from "home", I was thrilled. And then I was utterly dissapointed. Myself? I listen to shortwave on  longwire antenna, and sometimes it is good, sometimes it is bad, and the variations in propagation is part of the fun for me.
What a swizz! It's just a BT hardware controller and a speaker. That device is no radio, the app is the radio 🙂 That's definitely gonna be a turkey in very short time. I also liked the distortion of the speaker and buzzing of the plastic box when you cranked it right up. Also loved the 'buttons' on the top just being a rectangle of case plastic with three sides being gaps. Causing hinging on the last side. Those plastic tab buttons break for pastime
Dedicate an old phone to it and it becomes a stand alone device.
I love the idea of this. If they made a stand alone version you could hook up to speakers or headphones.  Id totally buy it.
Nice! a device to make your smartphone worse. Without being a bleeding heart vegan environmentalist I always think if things do and probably will go sideways in a near future out of resources, energy scarcity combined with very disruptive weather, people will look back at the legacy internet of e-waste devices such as this or the recipe for the 20 pound burger or an idiot screaming "yehaa" coal rollings his pick-up truck and we will probably have earned are nickname of the lamest generation. If they read this wondering why nothing was done the answer is simple: it would have been mildly inconvenient, in this instance, not to make a gift that nobody wanted or needed, but I wasn't coming empty handed.
Wow what a scam. I hope you didn’t pay a lot for that.
So it's just more eWaste.
Radio Garden was great but for some reason you can’t directly listen to other countries from the UK any more…
I'm disappointed there wasn't a Hilversum button. In my young days ('50s, '60s...) all the better wireless sets had Hilversum marked on the dial.
Holy moly - I think we may have had that exact Grundig radio on the side in the kitchen when I was growing up. I remember sliding the plastic sliders up and down as a kid. Probably to the annoyance of my dad 😀
it's a scam, you are lucky we didn't send you a brick
The nicest thing I can say about this piece of e-waste is that it works as intended, even if the intentions aren't the best.
Well, I'll skip buying this and stick to Radio Garden app 🤷😕
What a shame you dind want to listen Moscow radio😢
Barcelona is a bad choice, they will probably speak Catalan, not Spanish. Madrid is much better.
What a pointless piece of landfill fodder, any number of free apps will work much better and with a lot less fiddling. One thing to note is that the place names you found on old radio dials actually referred to transmitter locations such as Kidderminster or Beromünster etc., not so much to "stations" as the term is now understood. It is beyond me why anyone today would want to use "London" as a shortcut for e.g  BBC Radio 4, it is completely random and wildly inaccurate.
The ugliest lo-fi bluetooth speaker ever.  Clever scam marketing for low-techies tho.
Great review love your work true legend never forgot 🥰
Lol, it's just an app.
Radio bombed by Autogefühl
Looks like it's for old people. But they went the way of confusion with the phone.
Awesome video, very disappointing product 💔
That is so disappointing. First I was geeking out over the buttons, thinking they must have NFC tags in them or something. Then I got even more disappointed by it being just a BT speaker.
Plot twist : You destroy it for the channel !
Having no other outputs and no replaceable battery is a big NO from me. You can do the same thing with a normal Bluetooth speaker and your choice of internet radio app.
I tend to dislike devices that need a phone app to work because in a few years it will be just a piece of junk regardless of how good it looks or how well it was made.Once the owner stops supporting the device or the app is removed from the store, It will be very diffcult to recreate the original app. Many of these apps are not archived and even if they were they often need an external connection with some server to actually work. This is also why i dislike smart watches and prefer regular digital ones. I have casios made in the 70s and 80s and are still functional and useful, albeit the year displayed might be wrong, but smart devices have no future. Who will collect non functioning devices?
You've been well and truly conned  my friend. This is junk lol
What's the model of the old Grundig radio towards the start of the video?
Techmoan just ditches Moscow from the start, a true British man
Get the 8 bit guy to steam roller it.
Such a stupid decision that you can't use this as a stand alone device. Just a hipster bluetooth speaker instead of a real radio.
Some foreign stations like Radio Luxemburg back then could be heard clearly in parts of the UK due to powerful transmitters.
A few suggestions.. 🤔  London, Hamburg, Paris, Rome Rio, Hong Kong, Tokyo L.A., New York, Amsterdam Monte Carlo, Shard End and...
What a lovely piece of e-waste! I was quite interested when you first started talking about it - thinking it’s a really nice device that you can use standalone. It would not have been hard to do that surely… but as a Bluetooth speaker with a keyboard…?!? What’s the point.
This seems like a pointless device.  I think I will stick to my bluetooth speakers.  Or the bluetooth adapter I have plugged into my hi fi. Shame really because it's a decent looking radio.
People would be better off just getting a decent Bluetooth speaker and then installing one of the many radio apps on their phone.
It looks nice. Unfortunately there's no leftover available space on my shelf for more decorative items that require weekly dusting off 🙂
An interesting tool I listen to is Web-Sdr. It brings back memories of tuning through MW and SW. You can pick up radio stations around the world based on where the aerial link is. It all runs through SDR websites and you also pick up like number and code stations from across the world, morse code, signals that mean something to some equipment somewhere and amateur radio
You didn’t mention cost at all (or if you did I missed it). Was it expensive?
Nowadays many things need to be connected either phone or internet,they just don't just work standalone
"One button is Moscow" doesn't really resonate well with what is going on in the world... Glad you took it out. ;)
i like how Australia isnt on there. even other counties know our radio sucks
Basically it works like a midi controller, I like the idea though.
I’m always curious when watching your videos - Where do you store all your gear?
So sad they had New York, London, and Paris all in a row, but no Munich.
Absolute piece of crap. Bt hid combined with speaker, everything relaying on app and internet streaming
no puppets, sad. Sell this radio and buy them back.
This would be great as a standalone device. Anyone know of a similar project?
I've been listening to Australian radio stations. Totally radio 60s 70s 80s 90s now. Thumbs up if you do too
At first i thought hey cool i can swap those buttons out and it will know what buttons i have an play the correct stations. But it doesn't do that, it doesn't even act as a internet radio.
This would be an instant buy if it didn’t need the app.
I thought looked rather nice until you explained it. Disappointing. I’ll continue doing what I do now, which is to use the excellent app Radio Garden with a BT speaker, headphones or Airplay.
"notice the rechargeable battery is non-replaceable.  Therefore this is going to be a device with a limited lifespan, something to bear in mind.  But also bear in mind that it's Reliant upon an app, and if that app happens to go away it'll just stop working." --Shouldn't devices like this-- _Devices like this SHOULD_ come with _Best Before_ and _Use By_ dates. Hell, a _'Usable for X [amount of time]'_ ought to be stipulated on the pacakging too for that matter.
Also you would have to be concerned about the app getting regional restrictions in the UK applied like Tune In. Seems like garbage for the money.
🎵New York, London, Paris, Munich Everybody talk about pop muzik🎵
7:44 followed this channel for a long time never thought there would be a day I would hear a Kenyan song here lol
Wow, after your review, this seems like a really, really, reeeeeally stupid product, pretty, but useless.
This looks like a completely pointless device trying to find a solution for a problem that isn't there!  All those online stations would already be available on numerous radio apps & you could just use a normal Bluetooth speaker with your phone.  As for those magnetic station name buttons - very weird & completely useless if you wanted to set other  stations that you didn't have named buttons for! BTW, Loved the old Grundig radio 📻  you showed at the beginning, that was a proper radio set!
Just a decent BT speaker for my travels, and Sound Garden on my phone. That's me happy 😊
Boy, what a ripoff
Looks an afwul lot like a Teenage Engineering product
I kinda feel bad for him.
What if I wanted Las Vegas and not New York?  I don't have a button for that.
Thank you for posting.
I do not care nor want anything that requires a "phone" to work.
Conceptually I love the device, but it being just a Bluetooth speaker with some extra buttons is such a let down and those extra buttons needing an app to work is even worse. However, it does mean when the app stops working you'll be able to use it as a normal Bluetooth speaker I suppose.
Great little video for a completely useless piece of scrap plastic. No wonder the world is going mad. If anything most people I know are slowly moving away from the modern technologies as they are not actually adding anything anymore... If anything they are taking away....   Good fun if you have nothing better to do..... keep up the good work...
So this is a Bluetooth speaker with buttons assigned by software to choose in the app what online radio you pick
Shortwave radio was the traditional way to listen to world radio if you was lucky enough to get a signal dropping down from the atmosphere.
Its not bad some people like the option of choosing alternative stations.
Wow. €99 for that? That's twice the price of a Nest Home Mini ..
A device that is just like the Bluetooth speaker at the end.  PS: A Google Home or Amazon Alexa is probably more useful and cheaper.
Lovely video! I'm a huge fan of internet radio and have been since I discovered WinAmp in 2003, and standalone devices are fascinating to me. I own two GraceDigital radios and one OceanDigital (which is my favorite because it doesn't require any extra apps or accounts, just a WiFi connection, and can do FM and DAB too), and I listen to internet radio in my car with my phone. I've managed to curate a solid amount of stations worldwide that I love but I agree, the biggest issue is that it's an overwhelming thing for anyone to want to dip their toes into and this could have been the solution! I like the curated region-specific stations and I LOVE the big chunky buttons, but tying it to the app and phone just kills it for me...  It's a shame because it seems like at the very least they have a decent, actual set of local terrestrial stations to choose from. The only reason I know any Italian stations is because when living there I discovered Radio80 on my boombox and fell in love with it. Centreforce 883 in the UK is similar. I could see a standalone version of this device being a dead useful gateway for those who don't want to faff about with internet radio's downsides, and frankly I don't even hate the idea of a partner app that has giant icons you can click to pull up a station on your own for car listening since most internet radio apps not named XiiaLive are clunky or don't accept custom stream URLs and have dreadful organization...but this really isn't the solution I was hoping it would be. Least I have some names of stations I can look for on my own if I pause the video on the app screens at least!  Great video! Hopefully one day someone will make an internet radio that manages to nail the combination of simplicity for newcomers and customization for those more experienced because it really is a fun and fascinating thing to explore.
To me it seems like a piece of disposable garbage.
So the "radio" is just a dongle for the app.
Congratulations... DRM OTA radio 😂😂😢😢😅😅
My parent's have no use for radio stations in other countries, and if they did, I would give my life to not have to keep getting this to work for them. I mean, like, every other day. It's a 40 mile drive. My god. They can barely handle texting.
Have you seen the ATS-25 Max radio device with wifi?
I can just imagine Tuong Lu Kim from South Park saying the name of this radio 😂😂😂 he wouldn't be wrong though 🤣
Many years ago I bought an Emprex internet radio, (it also plays mp3s from a USB stick) it did work (just) but mp3 playback from USB was really quite good. Maybe you could find one to review.
moving away moscow is the right and very respectful choice) Greetings from Ukraine. Hope we can remove that city also from the map in short time 😈
Thanks for making my Saturday mornings a little better, Matt!
Oof, this thing is ready-made e waste.  I do like that companies are using these magic, tiny speakers that sound nice.
Ryan Reynolds: “But why?”
The latest version of the app is 1.1 released 2 years ago.  And likes on iOS, iOS10
a device that seems to be almost as useful as the tory party
useless. the magic of the olden days is gone for ever.
An wi-fi controller complete with antenna and basic OS costs around 5$, audio decoder and small amplifier - no more than 5$ combined, buttons can be easily distinguished via resistors or capacitors which would cost less than $1 per 20 and maybe a demux for $1 more, a circuit board to hold all that is around $1, all passives under $1 and $1 for USB-C. I don't know how much the case can cost, but my rough estimation of a fully functional version of this would cost about $20 without case, assembly or shipping.
I hate devices like this. Pointlessly smart and tethered.
Great idea. But I already have the app. I hart radio
redefines pointless. Spend the money on wine gums.
Crappiest product I saw lol
I have a radio app called Replaio, it's free with ads or can be purchased for a small fee. I have it on my phone and use it at home, in the car or on the bike. The Android Auto version has big, nice tiles for selecting another preset. It has replaced every single radio I still had running and once you know the good stations (192 Kbps or above), it sounds very decent. And it also plays in the background. The advantage is that you can build yourself a radio from an old phone for a monetary outlay of zero. It's ten million times better than this nonsense, which makes me cross just hearing about it and the amount of faff that's involved with it.
Mobile phone accessory shovelware that's amazingly pointless. Goes to show where the money is at these days.
Dislike for changing Moscow to Barcelona
Chinese ball of shite
It's a glorified Bluetooth speaker at best
It's an external keyboard for your phone.
This could have been such a good idea, but really flawed. I like the idea of the buttons, but make them customisable, so you can select genres or specific stations, not just cities.
1) wow! They've got the AM frequencies hard-coded into those slabs 2) oh... It's just internet adresses encoded into the slabs 3) what?? It's all just FAKE... Just a Bluetooth speaker!!?
- most pointless device ever - needlessly built-in batteries should be banned - yet another gimmick that drains the planet of its resources and eventually ends up in the ocean, some landfill and tiny parts of it in your stomach.
RIP Nairobi 😢
Thumb up for removing moscow👍😊
If you want to listen radio from around the World then I highly recommend Radio Garden
Perhaps more interesting is the history of long range "Clear Channel" AM radio stations in the United States.  It's not a tangible product and I don't know if there's enough about it to make a video, but a rather interesting concept I think.  I live in North Carolina, quite centrally located along the east coast.  One station in Charlotte claims to broadcast "from Maine to Miami".  For several reasons, the full range of these stations is effective only at night.  Their power is reduced during the day, giving them a much smaller regional broadcast range, perhaps 500 km.  But that's it for the moment.  Thanks for reading 😄
I have fond memories of being able to tune in to Radio Luxemburg back in the 80s when I was visiting my grandparents in the south of denmark as opposed to the middle of denmark where we lived.
What an inovation! Remote buttons for your phone! Does it work as a doorbell too?
0:52 - In the mid 80s, BRMB in Birmingham changed its FM frequency, and some old dear rang in to say: _"Oi can hear it!  It's roight next to Hilversum!"_
misspelled the word shitty
It seems like they were trying to make something cool, but they ran out of time or money for development, and they had to release it unfinished.
So it's really an alternate interface (a hardware one at that, no less) for the smartphone app. I did like the concept, but it's a shame that not only  only your phone needs to be nearby of course, but also you have to go through the start-up sequence every time. If THAT could somehow be automated (and also have a stereo, line-out so it could be connected to the home hifi system) it could be a very cool device. Even better, it could have that more refined, "hifi-look" panel so it could sit right there with the system.  Perhaps this could be hacked by a DIY-type person and put into a well-finished case with a nice aluminum front panel, with all the buttons (including the current top ones) on the front, so it could match the home hifi system's look and feel. The front panel would have "city" buttons and the "next" and "previous" station buttons, etc. This would make for a cool DIY project - but unfortunately the decoded audio is most certainly not stereo.  Speaking of internet radio smartphone apps, one I particularly enjoy (and am not related to in any way whatsoever) and is conceptually similar to the one in the video is "Radio Garden", which uses a 3D, rotatable and "zoomable" globe as its interface, with bright dots in each of the world's cities. The size of the dot represents the number of active radios in that city, and you could zoom into the city and then choose any of the radios in that city/region. There are therefore literally thousands of radios to choose from. The app does of course provide a "favorites" page and once set up, you may go straight there, and without the need to move around the 3D world.  Great video as usual. Pretty entertaining & informative, as we have come to expect from the channel.
It's not under the bedsheet with Radio Luxembourg 🤔
Kind of a disappointment on its limitations.
That product is as useful as male nipples
One of the joys of broadcast radio is turning the dial and finding new content. This device, while interesting from an intellectual standpoint, is completely redundant in my view.
You wouldn't need to buy radio this if only there was an app to let you listen to internet radio on your phone......😁
Techmoan turned into Ashens so gradually i didn't even notice
So it's less useful than my Bluetooth speaker with a built-in standalone FM radio.
TECHMOAN BROUGHT A RADIO SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
This is silly. I love on Johannesburg, South Africa and most of the stations I listen to are locally based, even if their FM broadcast is country-wide.
tbh it looks badly made as there's no lines or anything no replaceable batteries and also all the smartphone app is the speaker.  if the smartphone app actually told the device to play the station i think it would be better. instead of the phone acting as the device.
Yeah I have a Bluetooth speaker, and I have an internet radio 🤷🏻‍♂️
A RADIO THAT'S DISGUISED AS A BLUETOOTH SPEAKER THAT'S MONO THAT'S COMPLETELY CLICKBAIT ON THE INTERNET TO SELL AS A PILE OF JUNK. LOL 😂😂🤣🤣😂😂
So basically, it's just a free app on your phone or tablet playing on a bluetooth speaker. The average $10 bluetooth speakers on the shelf at the supermarket sound better, what a bargain at 99 Euros :D
Might as well just use your phone.
Great 'Hilversum' on that old radio! The famous Dutch radio in those days (NPO now).
Almost a good idea.
So it is a bluetooth speaker basically
Young generation iPhones and teenagers, you are definitely in iPhone fan😅😅😅😅😅👎👎
Started out interesting, and then turned out to be disappointing, it's just a bluetooth speaker with more buttons with a finite lifespan because apps and devs who will probably just do a runner at some point...
Worth pointing out that almost all radio broadcasters in Japan use a geolocked internet streaming service called Radiko which means that actual radio stations available to foreigners are almost little to none and the ones provided might not actually be Japan-based! (Only one of the stations on said list was an actual station: FM Setagaya, a small community station based exclusively in the outskirts of Tokyo.)
Copyright law would properly prevent this device from UK sales, just as Radio Garden is blocked.
what a joke
I think the dealbreaker for me was the fact that the app pretty much revealed the CityRadio is basically just a bluetooth speaker with some buttons for presets. And at least from what you've shown, the radio station selection seems rather limited.  Even then, it would have been nice if they had some blanks where you can put your own city label there - for example, If i wanted a preset for Los Angeles.  Even in its current iteration, it would have been nice if they had integration with other services from around the world, such as iHeartRadio and Audacy (2 of the major radio station networks in the USA), to have an even larger selection of stations to listen from. It would have been nice to for example have a custom label for Mexico City, and have it configured to actually play a real radio station from Mexico City, or even Los Angeles, configured to play KLOS, a local radio station there (most local stations do have an online stream, after all).  It's an interesting concept, but could be made way better. I currently use my 1970s console stereo (or stereogram as you guys call it), a Lear Jet Stereo 8, as my "CityRadio", connected to an Amazon Echo Input to be able to listen to any radio station throughout the world. And even if the internet is down, at least I can still use the AM/FM tuner, the record changer, or use the Echo as a bluetooth receiver.
Moscow would be one of the best buttons - 24/7 HARDBASS!!
Did not expect Beijing’s radio to keep talking and talking about traditional medicine lmao
The idea sounded brilliant. But the implementation of it isn't.
Matt, even your mistakes are a thousand times more interesting than most things on YouTube.
If you could mod the feature set and make those buttons into customizable shortcut keys it would be kinda handy. Especially if you add a long press function.
I wonder what was going through the minds of the people who designed that thing.  I guess not “who will buy this thing”!  Great review as always Matt.
On. I’ve been meaning to ask Matt. U have many issues with content matching, how do other YouTubers get around this issue. I follow drummers that drum along to popular music and they don’t have this issue.
I the only useful thing I can think of, is the buttons would be easy to press while I'm cooking. Usually, when I listen to bluetooth audio while cooking, it's a pain in the bum to unlock the phone and find something else to listen to.
Why not just use an internet radio app and bluetooth speakers? those are all public internet radio channels from what I can tell.
There are plenty apps for Internet radio, Radio Garden being best of them all, I guess.
I too expected a standalone type unit that was basically an internet enabled version of a shortwave radio.     Would be neat if one of the big media companies (eg iHeart and Townsquare here in the states) had something like this where you could listen to stations they own that are located out of town without having to download multiple apps.  Flip between stations at the touch of a button like a car radio.
Fascinating! I like to learn new things. Now this is unrelated, but how do those toy disc players work? You know, a stationary plastic disk with a fake tonearm? How does changing the disks change the music?
Basically a tweaked speaker.
When I want to listen to music from around the World I usually just type in "Putumayo World" and listen to them talk about songs from around the world. I found a CD from them at a thrift store and looked them up.
Shey should really have made the app use the camera to get the button layout.
Just noticed  "The Six Million Dollar Man " computer effects at he end...Retro!.
I squealed seeing São Paulo in there!  Unfortunately I didn't recognize what radio Mat picked when he pressed the button, and with the cold water bucket info you cannot use the app without the device, I cannot give my imput on what radios are good to hear TuT
Is that USB C? Perhaps try a few dongles to see if it's connected to any data lines!
Japanese music is where it's at. Especially rock!....So much so..I flew to Japan from Scotland to see my now favourite band LIVE in Tokyo...BAND-MAID.
_I'll add it to the stack_ 😂
The way I listen to international radio is I start the Local Radio plugin for Euro Truck Simulator 2, then start the game and then accept cargo for the country whose radio I want to listen to - which typically ends up being Romania in the hope they will be playing Romanian rock.  Other favourites are Finland, where once the two djs talked for half an hour about a song before they played it, and France where I listen to FIP, because middle-of-the-road is my jam. Also the Baltics like fusion.
I've had an idea of hacking together a device like Sony Dream Machine ICF-CL75 that could run Radio Garden. Could be a massively better experience and a brilliant interface for tuning into worldwide internet radio.
The radio that isn't 😂
i love the fact that its just a bluetooth speaker with less things it can do
So, they can't even just put a little thing in there to read a value of a resistor or something to figure out which button is which? Wow, talk about dropping the ball there. It's already a bit crap as is, but at least they could have done *that* much.  It seems like it might work as a bluetooth speaker, so that's not too bad, though.
Replace the swappable buttons with an OLED touchscreen, give it WiFi, and have it where it can be used as a standard BlueTooth speaker and have a second speaker that clips onto the end of the box or can be removed and used wirelessly across a room for stereo.  With so many mono BlueTooth speakers out there, I like to say "Yup, dad was right. This stereo thing was a passing fad.". His 1955 Chevy had two radio speakers, one in the front, one in the back. He was born in 1938.
So, it looks like you'll need to glue an old spare smartphone to the back of that radio in order to make it standalone. :)
Making what you thought you would get would have cost the same to produce. To bad the Korean kids who designed it dit not understand the brief.
It's a pitty that it has no left speaker and stereo amplifier with headphone jack.
Well it looks sort of good which helps sell it I guess but naaaaa no sale there lol
Boo app reliance 😢
Careful how you pronounce "city"! 😬
What a shame. This is exactly the kind of product I'd buy for my mother. She'd love checking out radio stations from around the world, but having to use an app for it completely ruins it as it'd be too complicated for her.
So that thing is basically a key to unlock proprietary web radio app?
i'd throw a beagle bone or a RPi4 in it and off it and keep the box, buttons and speaker :) Looks really neat and simple to use
it's missing UVB-76 😄
Almost but not quite a usefull device!
Interesting concept, it makes navigating the thousands of channels on the internet easier and gives it indeed a bit of that old school nostalgia.
Calling it a radio seems a bit disingenuous.
Am actual "Techmoan".  Hussah!
There a app called radio garden   which gives you thousands off channels across the world
Talking about Bluetooth speakers the SRAY sounds like an interesting take since it's the first parametric speaker i see for sale. I don't know how to submit ideas so i guys I'll try here, because I'd love for you to review it. 😅
they really should've put some chip or just jumpered encoding on the buttons for the device to know which is which.
This no doubt started as a full concept stand alone internet radio but got cut down to a delivery as a Bluetooth speaker with a few extra buttons as costs or lack of technical ability crept in.  Or they just needed to get a product to market to bring in cash flow to deliver the actual solution
Uau... love these videos from Techmoan just before the AGI takeover, keeping vintage tech vintage.
At first i was thinking that buttons have NFC for switching cities, then i thought that app at least would be able to scan button layout via camera.. just disappointed a bit
4:41 I made a loud, dissappointed groan when it turned out you have to set the countries manually in the app rather than the device figuring it out from the buttons you snapped on. I thought that was the whole gimmick, I was wondering how it detected them; dissappointing!  <Later>And you can't even used it without the app actively running. It really seems like you'd be better off just buying any old bluetooth speaker, and then using any old internet radio app, so neither is locked in to the other. Or even just buy a standalone internet radio device, so you don't have to bother with a smartphone at all. I had a look online, it's not even like the thing is cheap; you're talking £70 for the thing; you can get a full-featured, standalone internet radio for significantly less. Absolutely pointless.
I picked up a CCrane internet Radio from Goodwill for $5 a few days ago.  They are true standalone Internet Radios.
Thanks my man, you were disappointed so we didn’t have to be. Respect.
Huh wow they really made it completely useless lmao
This would be a really cool product if it was just standalone. They would basically have to pop in a phone inside it for that, which would significantly increase the price, though.
So, it's not REALLY a, you know, RADIO LOL  It's just a blue tooth speaker.  Just buy a CCrane Skywave SSB and be done with it.
Even after the review, I was thinking what a nice thing to have. Then I looked at the link and nearly choked on my spaghetti bolagnaise !! 99euro!!!! They are having a laugh........... 😮
This gadget  just makes more wast and trash in world. We can use radio app on our phones and can get same results with any Bluetooth speaker. Dialing frequencies from dial is more fun.
thats dumb, e-waste
So... Internet radio with extra steps.
what a disappointment
Maybe it has enough space inside to put a raspberry and a battery to make it standalone.
They at least could've implemented OCR. So take a picture of your button layout, recognise the text, apply the appropriate function... And standalone would've been so much better. On top of it all of the software functions seem to be botched together, sadly. With a little bit more effort this could've been so much more comfortable than it is. Configuring AND using it...
That's a thoroughly disappointing device.
Audials or Onlineradiobox
I suppose most of people know one or two languages, so after the initial excitement, I don't really see the point of having city radios one cannot understand at the touch of a button.
It makes more sense to play the radio directly on the app.
To me it seems to be deliberately misrepresenting itself. This is a real pity, as it wouldn't take much to make it a much better device. Make it standalone with a wifi connection so the app is only there to help configure it and put NFC into the buttons so it can identify what button is where automatically, and you'd have a substantially more interesting device.
this is a privacy NIGHTMARE !
Made by the same people who made the globe?  People will be suckered in, thinking they're getting something they're not.  A good shortwave radio (I have one) would be better if you want international stations on a single device. I love internet radio because I can find stations that are VERY genre specific, yet you hear new music (not playlists, listening to what you already know) or music and talk that I can't hear locally (while living in a foreign country).
Lmao what's even the point of this thing
Hmm, a very cheeky device indeed. Actually it's quite missleading...
My ideal set up of this would be New York, London, Paris, Munich, Talk Radio, Pop Muzik
An app-controlled bluetooth speaker with preset buttons…! Then I’m much more happy with my Sternradio IR-2 internet radio . Even though you can use app to control it, you can also use it without the app, without loss of functionality.
My phone can just about manage to send a text message.......   :)
It could be a useful way to recycle an old Android device if you have one lying around, like an old smartphone that no longer has a SIM card or battery that can hold a charge but can still connect to Wi-Fi and run while it's plugged in.
A useless device
a battery speaker with some buttons ... ugly one too, the kind of garbage gimmick noone should care for ... shame that even videos, which are pointing it out how useless it is, somehow manage to push sales of this e-waste. Maybe better not to give such products any publicity at all.
Up until the point where I learned it was essentially a glorified BT-speaker I was really interested and seriously concidering getting one for myself. I have an old 80's boombox in my kitchen that I listen to whenever I cook dinner and I've always been looking over at the dial with various city names on it wishing I could just tune in. Sure, there are apps and websites for this but there is just something special with the concept of this device that really appeals to me.
So it's basically false advertisement because you get zero radio functionality through the actual device
I think i'll stick to shortwave!
Over a hundred bucks for that thing! No, thank you!
yeah , you'll never use it again, up goes into a drawer were it will be forgoten
so is a bluetooth speaker with a gimmick
What a useless piece of junk. Such a waste of an interesting concept.
If every time you start to use it you have to play with the phone that really ruins it.
App recommention, radio garden, ie Google earth meets tunein
I feel added value would be to identify the radio buttons you have installed, shown on the app.. it doesn't, so yeah, just a cheap interface, but I feel they missed a simple trick here. The buttons are nothing but a memory chip with a magnet. They just needed an ID on each button, that could switch with Bluetooth.
looks nice but it is NOT a radio and ONLY works with the App... so pretty pointless.
Wow, what a terrible execution of a reasonably good idea! 🤷‍♂️
it might be something to use with an older phone that's not being used, but still a waste of electric energy nonetheless.
I wonder this work in the usa
I got my first portable radio in 1987 and it was an amazing experience. Now you can have all of this on your smartphone and its kind of boring. Maybe because I am old but being able to accesss pretty much everything on the phone makes it all less interesting..
Tunein Radio on Android is the one I have been using for years
Based on Matt's review, I would say: _"Meh"_
it is possible to ducktape some cheap android phone to this thing to make it standalone)
Thank you... you buy junk so we don't have to.
Many years ago at night with the right conditions you used to get Indian music.
‘The sleek Palomar City Radio was invented in a Helsinki-based design studio under Emanuele Pizzolorusso.’ I mean… what more do I need to know, I’m sold.
If anyone else made videos about this kind of stuff I would find it boring most of the time. I pretty much watch Techmoan just for Techmoan. He should really be on the BBC and have a team helping him make episodes at this point. If he were off the cuff funny then he'd be on those panel shows like 8 out of 10 cats and QI.
Glad you made this video, cause I was looking at it. And that would have been a sad €100.- spend.
Another great idea executed poorly, as usual.
Wow. A pricey 'radio' that turns into a brick when you leave the house. That'll please the missus.
Shortwave was a lot more fun before the fall of communism.   You could listen to the English broadcasts from all the communist nations telling us how we're oppressed under capitalism, and it was hilarious and almost a self parody.  Unfortunately, the internet killed off real shortwave.   And D&mn the fall of Communism! ;)
Mom, we need a survival radio to live through the Fallout! Mom: orders CityRadio
Less than useless 😢😮
Confirmed: Techmoan is now reviewing phone apps. :p  LOL just kidding ;)
Such a shame it wasn't made to connect to a home network.
It’s a app controlling device. A sort of radio joystick 😄
If it's the "City Radio", you should have played some City Pop on it... Perhaps "Cat's Eye" by Anri?
Fun idea, silly product.
Any minuet now Turkey will launch a legal claim and it’ll be another “world radio” that only broadcasts UK stations.   Now the BBC is stopping broadcasts of their stations on third-party apps, so it’ll be local BS and maybe KissFM… for now.
The buttons being out of alignment would mess with my OCD and I would be constantly realigning them
It is interesting I love radios but very limited, personally a normal Bluetooth speaker and Tunein radio app would work better
So most of what you're paying for with this device is the app and the curated list of internet radio streams, it would seem. There are free ways to do all of that, of course, but in this package is isn't entirely unappealing.
Nice gimmick.  But slightly dumb
I have to agree that what kills it for me is having to tie it to a phone just to listen to it. Even trying to use it with an old phone (no sim, Wi-Fi only) or some kind of computer running Android would still have the annoyance of having to have that device running just to listen. Configuration stuff is one thing but they really need to get the thing to play without connecting to another device.
Mat - as always, you manage to make something interesting as heck no matter what it is. Any puppets on the horizon?  A significant section of your audience do miss them and appreciate your effort with them. Cheers
Disappointing they had no Hilversum or Light Channel labels tbh! Seems a great idea but its just a bluetooth speaker at the end of the day and its probably cheaper buying juts a bluetooth speaker and using a dedicated app with a better user interface. I'll stick with my current set up or my old Cossor radio, that actually has Hilversum on the dial!
I was interested in this idea, but it's totaly useless for someone like me, as I don't have a smartphone.
As my dad used to say... "what a palaver!" 🤷
That's what I thought also about the cities on the short wave Dial's. I had a lot of Grinding radios
I'm actually quite impressed by the creative way they managed to make this device completely useless!
App kills it
For the same anount of money or even less you get a Stereo DAB+/FM radio with a colour screen and Web radio functionality or something like a Tecsun PL-368 short wave radio, so what is the point for this phone app device?
Maybe they thord  that it could be usefull for elderly People , which are not that handy with modern devices ? Hide the smartphone somewere and they have a good old "radio"
3:00 Nearly invisible button text on the top is a bit of an HMI fail. Dito having to copy the button layout manually.
Not what you thought, but still a valid idea. Now how hard would it be to make what you thought it was🤔
Watching front Nairobi, Kenya :-)
This could have been easily solved. Wifi, rfid and a little software and this would have made a memorable gadget. How disappointing that companies excuse short comings to bring a device to market. The fact that it demands you are connected to the device is akin to juicero.  It's an underhanded attempt at making money at the purchasers expense. Purchase the speaker, it works on its own, maybe use your phone to connect it to the wifi and bam, viable.  or.. make a lame bluetooth speaker, with useless buttons and have an app that can't work without it. aka 2010s garbage.
просто слушайте онлайн радио на своём смартфоне....
I've been playing with the esp32 wifi microcontroller and you can download a library to receive internet radio no problem and it has wifi, for under a tenner. Which means its not unreasonable at all to assume that what you have there would be capable. What a con. First thing is do is put the esp32 inside it!
Long waves were so spread that the BBC and other french stations were accurately positioned on the scale and received in their market regions, including Morocco. Now LW is almost dead.
That would be a nice DIY project Raspberryradio and some buttons with cities plugged into gpio
Thank you for the useful review, pointing out the limitations of this device. I agree, the idea of having named buttons taking you to radios specific to other parts of the world harks back to those days when our grandparents had big old radios with dials reading Luxembourg and some of the capitals around the world. If it had been a stand-alone device, I might have considered buying one, but I don't need a bluetooth speaker for my phone. I would rather use earphones if I wanted better sound quality than my phone speaker. As budget goes, though, I think that device is way overpriced for its usefulness, because it seems to advertise functionality which just isn't there.
Knew it was crap when it didn't have Hilversum.
Well... actually cool :)
Going from a simple VFO or tunning knob to just a button for a city is kind of wild to me.
I agree with you and many here in the comments. A true city radio, standalone device, would be really interesting and appealing. Understand you were a bit disappointed to learn this was just a Bluetooth radio with an app. Still has a little charm, but standalone would be much better.
Well if you enjoyed the stations from Tokyo, note that the first few stations labeled "Asia Dream" are from Toronto
Is it basically a blutetooth speaker for the app.  So lame.
Just one look at this, and you know it's compromised and overpriced. The speaker-size-to-volume ratio is always a giveaway... Good bluetooth speakers get close to 1:1
€99 for a cheapish novelty mono bluetooth speaker ?  Nah . . .
One-way battery? App/server-based? You shouldn't even be featuring this, gonna be e-waste in a year or two.
What a disappointment. For 99€ as well, for 50 or so it would be a nice novelty at least.
Radio Garden online based radio is the pinnacle if you want almost everything
An App you say? No thanks I say.
Not bad, but completely unnecessary. The app runs on the phone. The software limits the use of the radio on the phone so that the unnecessary device can be sold. The app would not be sold at the same price as the radio.
As an option, an amazon echo device could be used to play radios from different cities, which is standalone.
about as useful as a chocolate teapot
36th
What a gimick, So it is just a  powered bluetooth mono speaker with a limited 9 button interface. It's almost like a scam.
Terribley conceived.  Should be easy enough to hack in a sense. Probably can can get it working with other apps and custom buttons should be easy enough to make.
By the time you had got to setting the app up, it seemed pretty obvious that it was little more than a bt speaker. Its probalby not available in most places as they would be up on trade descriptions or similar.
Companies are being cheap by making things that require smartphones.  I bet it won't be long until new TVs don't come with a remote control, you will have to use your phone. As someone without a smartphone, it's going to be interesting.
I wish there were actually good quality internet radios...
The c(h)ittyRadio ;)
for €99 it is a garbage product! for that functionality and quality its worth about €20. non replaceable battery, no audio out, the "magic box" does not update itself to match the buttons ( could have used some pin patterns if they didnt want to use nfc )  way overpriced for what it is
_"the rechargeable battery is non-replaceable therefore this is going to be a device with a limited lifespan"_ Any battery can be replaced, 2 minutes, a soldering iron and a small screwdriver will cover you.
Isn’t there a Munich button? Cos ……you’ve got New York, London and Paris………
You can also use a radio
Hey that was Roxette with "You Got The Look" its 21 o clock and still 27 centigrade out there ook thats hot, so if youre crusing along the left side of the road at 120 kilometers an hour in the Shehevi desert..turn up the decibels because its Shalay Mommy with Zaheck Maleck....On 103.2 THE HOCCCKTTTT!
Absolute garbage.
Pretty sweet, but nothing can beat the magic of young me tuning through my dad's expensive shortwave radio at 1am and being awestruck at what I was able to hear.
Yay a new video 👍
New York, London, Paris, .. Berlin? Techmoan's not talking 'bout Pop Musik! Now, I am sort of wanting to hear Mat cover a version of that classic song by M. Maybe have the puppets make an appearance too?
Big fan of the Nairobi station
Clever idea, terrible execution.
I miss the puppets now. But yeah, a pity it turned out to be this bluetooth restricted thingy. I 1st thought it was a DAB device with tags on the black legos 'tuning' directly to a station. But then Tokyo wouldn't make sense of course, only UK radio, but would have made a nifty device for the elderly or impaired people.
It's basically another e-waste device. It has a non-replaceable battery and it relies on an app, that basically guarantees the device will be useless in a couple of years. I wish they'd stop producing e-waste like this.
I was always intrigued by Hilversum(?) On the radio tuning dial..
It seems like such a good idea as a standalone device. I wonder if the next revision would have the standalone capability?
Not only the fact that "it's only a bluetooth speaker", but the selected default radio stations are RUBBISH.  Using WKTU for New York is garbage-- it's not the least bit "local New York".  WNYC is the public radio station for New York City and the only legitimate selection for radio in New York.  I can only assume the other stations are equally terrible choices.
welp… maybe that’s why it was secondhand. i know i’d put it on ebay as fast as possible  also i must say this video was a small roller-coaster for me lol. “there’s no way my city is there but imagine if it were” -> “holy shit my city IS an option” -> “pick my city mat pick my city mat” -> “YES YOU PICKED IT UP” -> “click the button click the button click thYES”
Cool idea in theory, too bad you can’t just use the app to program the cities you want on the device and then just use it like a radio without the app, maybe add other cities besides the ones on the app/buttons.
Geez!  It looks ok. But, it really is a load of bollocks..... Nice review though. :)
That's a shame on the implementation of this device.  Maybe they'll hear your advice and other's and make a 2.0 version...
Grand-parents / grand kids bonding tool: old folks interested in the nostalgia aspect of it, young folks need to be around to make it work.
What an odd device.  Thanks for the video.  Perhaps this will save people some disappointment.
Another device that will be in landfill within about 5-10 years.
what a shame this isn't more capable
I agree completely with your assessment, Matt. I absolutely love the idea and actually the device itself looks very appealing. But being completely reliant on an application just kills it for me.  It’s a shame, but I’m very glad you made a video about it.
The BT speaker could be used when watching Youtube. Can the buttons be used as shortcuts ? At least the device could be useful for something when the app dies (ETA : 1 year)
So it's just a mono bluetooth speaker with an unnecessary app tether and a price premium for the buttons.. what a waste of space and money.
Impressive misdirection in advertising. I like the 1 five star review for the app. Definitely authentic.
I can't believe that this costs £90 for what is a pretty basic bluetooth speaker. You could get a decent smart speaker for that.  Still I enjoyed the video as always.
wow that's absolutely useless
This is a shame because for once, the app looks quite good! Minimalist, fast and the radio streams sound clear and connect fast!! I honestly would use the app but I don't want to have to buy another bt speaker!
shame, might just as well buy a google or amazon smart speaker.
That is disappointing as it looks cool.
Used to have a Grundig in our house with 'Hilversum' etc... on it too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_Netherlands_Worldwide
