If you're reading this, then you clicked on the video and are very naughty... So how about you don't click this link and don't buy the Engineering Beaver plush before it's gone!? 😅 https://www.makeship.com/products/engineering-beaver-plush
your editors editing style isn’t that well fit for a game like this, like they skip certain parts of dialog/lore and have most of the audio muted, even though you can’t actually get copyrighted from the audio of this game.
6:30 Roswell was actually a spy balloon designed to detect soviet nuclear test detonations. And the alien conspiracy theory was intentionally encouraged by the US government to mislead people from discovering the truth.
these kind of games dont do you any good. these kind of game are meant to let the narrator talk not the player skipping the narrator
3:58 I’m French and British and a lil but Irish 😭
the music is too loud, you cant even hear the narrator
I have the fever from Bombay The one we catch at night on Saturday
This is the monetized
GiGi, who's GiGi hahaha. GG
Saying back in my days without knowing a Lucas art copy protection wheel should be illegal
This game is so good!
Hey, how about play 4D miner?
Am I the only one watching this in 2024
Therum num gamum got me hard :D
3:20 is he not gonna mention that he is using a butt plug?
the reason you don't see static anymore isn't because of the shift to digital, or not only because of the shift to digital, but because of the shift away from CRTs. that static image is caused by the electrons in the electron gun of the CRT just hitting the display randomly, because it doesn't have any signal going to the magnets that would be directing the beam.
Sad that you cut out the commentary bc it is very funny honestly.
Civil calling Mr. Glitch gastly is the funniest thing I’ve heard
Is there a full recording to this video? You can't just do story games in this short-form format Matt!! I need the full uncut thing! 😭 Without the edited in music!  I wanna see the "AHA!" moments where you actually figure it out. And to see things from your perspective as you struggle to work out the puzzles... and laugh at the narrators funny jokes.
That game at 1:34 is called Brick Breaker
This used to be an online game that I loved playing as a kid...
Sorry you had me in stitches when you said "ahh what a knob"
Play the Stanley parable
9:56 “Made in india” 😂
I HAD TO CLICK OK
Wow fastest full game speedrun that i have seen
1:25 I just... Please work on your acting a bit mate. Sometimes you make me feel like I'm watching the Wiggles or something.
Like this if you clicked out of spite
Wat? You could be playing more mindustry!
the game is a lie
Wtf lol
You can't tell me what to do.  I'll click what I wanna click.
900th comment 😊😊😊
The game really got a Big uptade i'm impressed
I'm having Day of the Tentacle flashbacks.
This is a really witty game that captures the improbable humour of Monkey Island and other early adventure games!
"So lets shove this cog in here"  Youtube captions charging up their thanos beam
Seeing the steam store home page makes me wonder how interesting it would be to see RCE try to figure out dwarf fortress.
Game says: “Cheater” RCE: “Cheater? You can’t cheat when there is no game” …Try to explain that to my ex.
That the french engineering 🟦⬜🟥 ... is it a good representation of my France ? im not sure...  gloire a la France !
At first whwn I saw this Vid, I expected your puns. but pls.... matt, do not cut the scenes inbetween and do stop the bgm, it  ruins the game
How did you solve it so fast
900th comment
Great work on your engineering project! It's clear you put a lot of effort and thought into it - you should be proud of yourself!
3:37 „draw me a rce“
If you see this, YOURE BAD
I clicked
His reaction to the 18+ folder is so good 😂🍒🤫📁
Mise en abyme is a french word/concept for something within something, like a story within a story or a picture within a picture
Why do I believe to be the only one who got that Miss Tokyo reference  ?? ☠️☠️
10:41 i can watch it as long as i want (because i have that type of TV)
You have to play sons of the forest! You also can build bridges ond strone shaps!!
Lol, Thumbs UP!!!!
Not very many games get the 5/5 from me but this one does. I would love to see this developer make more games!
Scrap mechanic might be fun
Hahahaha i literally got 3mins into "The Pedestrian" video and started typing a comment saying you should play this but i thought i'd check first to see if you played it long ago and I missed it but then I saw 2 WEEKS AGO..?? The funny thing is that i saw the thumbnail of this video when it came out and scanned straight over it because I get a lot of unavailable videos due to where I live in the world 🤣Glad I checked!
are you sure you're a civil engineer when you don't recognize a bottle opener? 7:25 aren't beer one of the most common things a CE works with?
awsome non+game vid, but every so much time it just stopds and wont load more unless i skip...
I guess he went for unlimited bacon instead of unlimited games but no games
your narration ruined the fun. There is no game narrates itself, you are not needed.
11:04 Thes are RCE cabels
there was a game, disliked and reported for misinformation
I’d be cool if you would do more of the Internet café 2 simulator
No game?.... I SEE A GAME HERE
Yeah, I’m not sure that Latin was correct
3:43 can we shove a what!?...
if you like pin ball then I recomend playing yoku's island express ;>
Sorry mate, but you seems to know the gameplay beforehand..... I cnat bare it.... Just Engineer ya way through
Mise en abyme:  In Western art history, mise en abyme (French pronunciation: [miz ɑ̃n‿abim]; also mise en abîme) is a formal technique of placing a copy of an image within itself, often in a way that suggests an infinitely recurring sequence. In film theory and literary theory, it refers to the technique of inserting a story within a story. The term is derived from heraldry and literally means "placed into abyss". It was first appropriated for modern criticism by the French author André Gide.
You just playing this for 3:00 caused me to pause the video, download this non-game, play it in its entirety, and return to this video again. Thanks for that. Worth the side quest.
lol...I think I would last about 12 minutes in this game...I am not that smart.
I love the clickbait, made me remember of old YouTube
This guy NEEDS more subs
It's alot more interesting when you can hear the dialogue and when there isn't jump cuts to each little tidbit
i jut dont believe your genuine. stop being other youtuber and be your old self
Great game But maybe cut less out
This games audio is really important for the experience.  It would be a lot better for your viewers if you had the game audio on so we can hear the guy saying funny stuff. I dont know why you turn off game audio anyways. You can still talk. We dont get the full experience in any game when audio is off.
I'll say yes to clicking the game
You really hate architects... but why ?  Wait... if CPU are in [I will not say it] in the private +18 image for program, why they also food for retired program ?!?!
14:07 underground 2?
I think you'd enjoy World of Goo.
I did not watch this non-video, and I definitely didn't enjoy it.
This game for a video is much, much better done as an unedited video. For anybody who knows the game, you've ruined it with all the editing. If you have an unedited version, having that would be a pretty well-appreciated watch.
play the viewfinder demo
were you trying to shove your cog in tha'door's hole? Trying to get striked, are you?
Play Space Engineers, its a sandbox game with ai drones that. If you don't want to build anything yourself you can go fucking wait for the sequel witch has been in development for a little over a year. Or you can play any of the scenarios that kinda teach you game mechanics. Base game is 20 dollars and most dlc's are cosmetic and would add up to 62.88 additional dollars. There is one DLC I would recommend and that is the Automatons. Longtime players say the Automatons AI update is the biggest addition to the game since planets were added. If your game is not obaying physics you must pay tribute to the lord of the game Klang. Thus named after the sound the game made when Klang was a much bigger feared thing. I love the way you kill games and dare you to try it with this highly opmimized game. The Captain Jack youtube channel made a series called Colony Survival in order to test the then brand new multiplayer feature. They played with 8 people to test the limits. As the game updated the colony series evolved from survival in the face of starting from scratch to Warfare with the purple dron faction. The third season is Colony Lost set when the green drone faction has destroyed the hope of the heroes in their hour of victory and laid siege to the greatest navel powers of the galaxy.
*it feels fake*
Please do more of this game 🎮
I lost the game
Oh I love this random not game thing!!! It's so good!
what an amazing and weird little non game :)
I actually seen this game from start to end from another channel, sorry😐
I wish this video wasnt so cut. Experience the dialouge is the fun part of this game
Awesome! I enjoyed the speed run through the game.   It is definitely a game I would recommend to play. I would also recommend playing the first game that's not a game. They are both very enjoyable in the commentary plus the mechanics that are involved.
16:40 "Can we use the tongue to like, lick the paint?" - When you ask this question as an adult, you know you've made it.
This needs to be a series, the rest of the game is funny and fun just as much as this is, would make a great series
Video is confusing and boring (since there is no game)
Finished ,loved it,wish they make a continue series of this game.
The glitch is basically Missing No. Not Ghastly
you have to continue this game
Thumbnail make by AI😂
This game looks amazing, now I have to go buy it.
aww man... i was wishing for a game. next time i guess
I've been wanting to play this game since I binge watched all of Markiplier's videos on it. Unfortunately, I've never had the time. I played the CoolMathGames version years ago but didn't know it was a full game until his videos.
I saw Dwarf Fortress there! Lots of opportunities to engineer the strongest shape and you can build bridges. Also, all the elves are architects.
Play Rust
Engineering reverse clickbait!
Whenever you try something off brand you’ve been using click bait and man it’s sad that you have to do that
I saw my brother watching a guy play this game!
Video is broken in several spots for me...anyone else with the same problem?😠
You should play Zeepkist, you can design ur own tracks or play others with a cart, you’ll have a lot of funny experiences flying around in your cart.
Play Hitman
Parts of this remind me of the old lucasarts games. Particularly, Sam and Max Hit the Road and Day of the Tentacle.
I'm sorry I had to dislike this video cause there is not game
You can’t tell me what to do!
I fucking clicked it. Fuck
Finally! Your playing this game!!!
This is the best non-game ever!
Did i just see a brief face reveal somehow? Or was it an ad?
now time to play satisfactory game, puts your real civil engineering skills into show by building factory outisde the earth lol
you should try peglin!
There is no comment
This game is such a fun concept.
Hi
Awesome title , games decent too
Is this like a Stanley parable
It's kinda irritating that he cuts out most of the dialouge
You definitely need to be a certain age to know that the static on a dead analog television channel is referred to as snow
Nice to know they made a pc version of this. It's been on mobile for a long time.
wait ive been doing youtube longer than RCE!?? you are already sm better than me at it .-.
I'll be honest, if this was me, some of these would've taken me SO LONG to figure out. RCE meanwhile....
CLICKERS, ASSEMBLE !
well edited. 👍
Trust me im a engieneer! (Meme)😊
il gioco della vita, un gioco rotto, da stock ...
RCE saw RimWorld on its first sale in the past ten centuries and didn't buy it? Unsubscribing! 12/10 game, needs more bridges tho, but would be cool to see on the channel 👀
Is it just me or does RCE sound like StampyCat
Hi, I'm liking this channel, it's the only gaming channel I watch. New to modern games as I checked out after the N64. Played RDR2 to get back in and I'm catching up with 20 odd years of Tomb Raider. Any chance of you doin the original Tomb Raider trilogy, it does have some nice bridges.
There is no comment
I LOVE YOU BRO BIG FAN
I came for the song....
I came for the song....
0:39 Imagine if that was the whole game 😂
Do not read this. This is not a comment. Hey! I said don't read. You're doing it again. Shame!
This was good
I enjoyed watching you play this 😂😂😂
Lmao genius
Don't need 2nd video
Bro imagine over 374k ppl clicking this video be like "i can do watever i want*
A game that be awesome to see you play is scrap mechanic.
This non game have some very interesting non puzzles and a very good lack if content with some noise that is definitely not music. Hope you enjoy it while i wait for the next non game video :)
You should try a game called beamng automation u can be a engineer and stuff and stuff over architects, u would like it
Get clicked u architect
roblox
👍
what happened with mars or something with the bilf? need an update on that
I'd love to see @realcivilengineergaming play Getting over it with bennet foddy. Just to see if hed rage at all
Try space engineers. It literally has engineer in the name
E
😂
Ooooo rce playing this? This non-game was awesome, I hope we could have had a game, but that Russian narrator smh  Edit: would have loved if you had kept all of that Russian narrator's lines, that's the best part imo
😈😈😈
Give me ALL
Wa-hahahaha
My plushie
Whoops…….
What a great game. Had to stop watching coz I want to play it.
Played it about 2 years ago for first time. Enjoyed every second of it
Would definitely love to see another video on this not game!
Don't tell me how to live my life, devil architect
0:11 *Then what the heck happened to the minecraft let's play?*
genius matt. well done!!
Bro u cut too much off of the video the narrator's conversation is what makes this game more interesting than anything
Scrap mechanic?
W
2:00 VSauce
Day 1 of trying to get RCE to play Factorio
Gotta love them milf-a-boards
There is no comment
Great game, done from dan
Oooooooops
Do not click this button it does nothing 👇
I mean i dont have to click (or tap) to see the video. It just autoplays with captions so i know what its kinda about.     And yes i did anyway to comment how i outsmarted the engineer xd
What a architect tier clickbait! I was promised there will be no game,  there was pinball. Shame on you!
I clik
The fact that this nongame is all about the narrator and players interactions. And the fact that they are practically skipping every part of that.
Nope
I love that you jump cut old school dialling, cause it was actually that slow.
There is no game, there is no bridge review, RCE is not real, he can't hurt you! ;)
I still clicked
5:03 The numbers bro what do they mean!
I've been waiting so long for you to do a playthrough on this. I beat the game, so much fun! :D
bro I think youve been shadow banned
There is no comment
can you include all the dialogue it makes it way funnier
Keep this going in a uncut series
Part 2?
I remember not playing this last year, because it isn't a game, and it was a lot of fun.
watching 15 hours aftere release
Saw the title, got excited because I dared hope.. was not disappointed.
THERE IS NO COMMENT
Try Transport Fever 2!
Getting over it
Getting over it
You cant tell me what to do! I clicked on the video to assert my dominance 😌
No matter what youtuber i watched its always the france hate. I love it
There is a lot more to this than there used to be.
:)
What are you doing here, there is comments on this video- I mean Non Video!
3:56  You really are British.
Please play Townscaper
Nah you just playing all kid stuff now
Click
You cease to disappoint me
MINECRAFT! Please continue the MC series. It was hilarious
I didn’t click I TAPPED (get it? Since I’m on watching on my tablet)
Rollercoaster tycoon 2
Epic game
I clicked
yeah sure :)))))
we want to hear the narrator
I hate that this game mad made me sad
you should play rdr2
Glad to see you play this, I love this lack of game.
Contrarian posting and clicking for rythm.
Again, PLAY ANNO YOU’LL LOVE IT
Can you play workes and resources Soviet republic
Funking dip tease...
I really hope you have long form of this not game!
Play ARK
There is no game 2
Opps I clicked
You can't manipulate us.
"there is no game" is affecting the one who (doesn't) play it to say the LEAVE NOW THERE IS NO GAME
"don't click this video"........ click!
I am Gigi! That's what my niece calls me.
You've not played Rimworld yet... Once you go down that rabbit hole you're basically screwed, and with 1000s of mods and hundreds of total conversions,,, and then you have the grand daddy of conversions "Hardcore Sk",,, yeah you're not ready.
Here's hoping for the continuation of this game!
Just a note for the future, a large part of this game comes from the comedy aspect. You should leave more of Game's dialogue in... Especially when you get a specific part of Chapter 4. (I won't spoil it, but you'll know it when you get to it!)
My brain hurts
The Stanley parable is an old but very nice game which would be sick to see u play
11:02, NO, it was an RCA cable.
4:27 find what
Thats it? 🧐
Good thing i didn't click on this video and didn't watch a video about no game. There just isn't anything at all to see in this video.
I love this game, i hope you come back to it and play more. Your reactions to the gameplay are excellent.
part 2 go brrrr
Yo I need ur help everybody Ik want to be an architect  I think they poisoned the air  so people like architecture more  Pls help me if this continues I might not survive brother 😨😨🫡
anyone want to do the anagram for me.
hey you should definitely do more episodes on this!
More puzzle games plsss
cities skylines 2 is your game...
WHY HAVE YOU STOPPED MINI MOTORWAYS mini motorways was some of you best content pleeease
I love this game! I hope to see the rest played out!
You're a fart smeller -- I mean a smart feller.
“Don’t get old, your reactions get slow”… I chuckled at first, and then it hit me that I have a much slower reaction time now, and it was saying I’d gotten old. Truth hurts.
HA!!!! I didn’t click the video it auto played to it. TAKE THAT!!!! Love the vids, been watching for a while
(Me reading the title).  OH YOU CANT FOOL ME ENGINEER!
play warhammer totalwar :P
Is satisfactory your stile of game perhaps? I would like to se you play it
You should play dota ☠️
I clicked…….
have you ever play space engineer?
Don’t click. I must click
You could make a game in and of itself out of that Sherlock Holmes adventure game
This is not a comment. Do not read!
Bro should try out the new Age of Wonders
I absolutely love this game!
As a French Person I am offended by the absence of game
Remeber the cool math games version of this game
*clicks*
There is no engineer.
You should try some haker games.
Breathedge is free on Epic until tomorrow, might be up your alley. Certainly has a sense of humor.
15:30 you should’ve just said rotary phone and let these youngsters figure it out
You should really let the narrator talk
I saw other people play this game
SCREW YOU FRANCE 3:55
"Mise en abyme" doesn't mean anything in any language. Not even in French.
All hail the mighty algorithm, may it bless this video with clicks.
I played the old origional one on KBH games and now im so excited, also might need to play this
I think i recommended this game in a former comment so im gonna choose to think i had a small part of making this video a reality
You should really make this a longer form factor video instead of trying to shorten it down so much. That or split it into many parts. The dialogue is very rich between the narrator and the different characters. Trust me, people will watch it!
I lost the game
You clever twAt...
Next time take a picture of roblox too, any type but there is a recommendation map the lake
What game is this!!!!
Where’s the Minecraft?
Play Mindustry!
play cult of the lamb
i didnt click matt i let the autoplay video feature go while i hovered my mouse over the video. did i win ? (my brother clicked on his phone to let me comment this without clicking)
You should play some Farthest Frontier.
NOBODY TELLS ME WHAT TO DO!!
If you're out of ideas for games you should play Oxygen not included
Immediately saved to my don't watch later folder.
This is on cool math games
This is the longest I've ever watched an architect not play a game. He must be an architect since clearly there was no game
i watched 7 hours afteeeer it was posted
This game is a masterpiece. The way this is edited does it no justice at all, the voice acting and story are absolutly top tier. Please, everybody who is even mildy interested in this, go buy the game and play it yourself! Or, if you don't have the money, watch a less edited playthrough. This game is an experience that should be made with everything it has.
600th. really funny vid
What is RCE is doing there is no game i dont see a game.
MAIN ASSEMBLY!!!! Try this game !!!!!!! You gonna love it!!
i knew what not game it was just by the name of the youtube video.
you could do fly corp.
Wrong you haven’t played open sewer yet
Oh man I'm sure I've had some games that came with a little code wheel type thing like in the sherlock game he had. Old school gaming!
Klik
The fact that you were cutting out games dialogues, cutting out audio from the no game...  dissappointed!
You can’t tell me what to do!
DO NOT READ! There is no Comment...
you should relly play satisfactory its a game about well building factorys (and yes you can build bridges)
you should play trailmakers
RCE please try cult of the lamb as architects rule the lands and you need to start a cult in the name of engineering. Its half like a dungeon game and the other half is a city builder
Honestly i was expecting the poly bridge clip 😢, hurry up with it, please. I can’t sleep no more.
Frick, i cant
I remember playing the flash game on kongregate years ago, there's a steam version now?
This reminds me a lot of Pony Island. Is it by the same people?
play more of ship graveyard simulator please and thank you
I clicked :/
He click baited me 😑 I should have known better... RCE is the Master Baiter....
I knew it
🖱*click click*
“Got tricked by the flashing lights”  thats something a architect would say
Try Rusty Lake Hotel...
I'm dying
A nice game would be space engineer
I know the premise was a joke, but if you do even feel a little bit like you’re running out of games that fit your “RCE” theme, then I want to reassure you, this community would watch you play pretty much any game out there.   I personally like when you play new games I haven’t seen before. Be that indie games or AAA and if you find a good one, doing a handful of videos on it.   Honestly surprised you haven’t done a Minecraft series yet. Not sure if you even like the game, but It seems like it would fit you RCE theme perfectly.
Day 6 of asking Matt to play stormworks
Play "When ski-lift goes wrong" plssss
This is the worst, not game, I have never seen. Enjoyable to watch you not play though!
What video?
This thumbnail can't stop me... I don't know how to read!
4:39 "So, the little 🐓 goes in there." - That's what she said!
Loved this video. Please play more of this! 😊
I'm having a terrible day, and this helped. Thanks Matt and fellow engineers.
Game is basically secret a love story between 2 Ais. They just tell you at the end after they are done throwing all sort of gimmicks at you.
i want spore!
U cannot stop me from clicking a video for no resson
I was mesmorized. That was a fast 20 minutes
This reminds me of the old Monty Python game.  Forget the name.  Maybe "And Now For Something Completely Useless"?
Day 5 of asking RCE to play stacklands
Played this game before. Seen a video on this before. Yet still cool to watch.
Wow, very original joke
My local game shop got the physical copy of this in like a year ago. I absolutely loved this non game, game lol.
This ga- non game is really cool I've been waiting for RCE to pla- not play this non game.
Played this a few years ago, despite not being a game, it was a fantastic game.
Stubbornness the videogame.    I love it.
Love this clickbait 😊
Day 1 of reminding RCE that there was a person giving the idea of playing Scrap mechanic for about 100 days.
My laptop lost the last of it´s battery i nthe intro - just as you said ""there is no game". in 2 seonds I wondered if the blackscreen was a joke =)
*plugs in component cable*  "That was a SCART cable"
wow this is worst editing i've ever seen. why this much zoom and talking???
Putting no game on my calendar for a week from now when I've forgotten how it works
that was awesome
yes YES YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES HOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYY. FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKXKKKLKKKKKIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGG JJJJJJJJEEEEEEEEESSSUUS
Don’t like this comment
Make a part 2
You should try playing FrostPunk ...
I just lost the game
Oh I remember this -game-
I think this is around 3 years late
Nice lack of game
Screw you, France! - RCE
Economical Reverse Psychology  at it's finest.
Try playing from the depths. It is a super customizable vehicle building game.
Remember when he played among us 2 years ago
E
I think it'd be fun to watch you Play Spore
The only thing better than not playing a game is watching other people not play it.  Every single person has such a great time ☺️
Part 2 ??
I cannot find the game! What's the link?
Day 1 of asking Matt to play satisfactory
I love this game
Play modded minecraft i want to see RCE engineer the crap out of Feed The Beast
Click
Best Game Ever
You should try scrap mechanic it’s great fun
This is a much better game than Redfall, let me tell you. And it is not even a game!
Get clicked Boy!!!
I played a game like this on cool maths games a few years ago
Minecraft when
Mat: i do a lotnof vareity Also Mat: 8======D
Series please
This must be a sequel to the goat one 😂
streets of rouge. it's a fun action rouge-like with BRIDGES (4th floor)
This is not a comment.
Nice going RCE! keep it up!
11:05 thats a composite rca cable not scart jeez 😳
That was NOT a SCART cable, just regular AV.
Loving this non-game! I really hope you continue not playing!
This is so awesome. Reminds me of something someone would've made in the 90s or something
i remember playing a version of this on scratch
I love this not game. I found it purely by accident and was hooked straight away
Psst Matt, it's an RCA input, not scart... ;)
You can't stop me from clicking.  I will Boosh if I want to.
4:11 “Door is open” I think Baba is You has left a mark on this guy
You should play besiege
It's like Upgrade Complete and Stanley's Parable had a baby. Both pretty good games in their own right.
Get clicked nerd!
Ops, I clicked the video
Clickety
The click bait
You skipped most of the narrators who really make this game
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was real
Play rise of industry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plugs in RCA cable... This is a scart!
*Roblo-*
I just remembered you saying lick it lick it while holding the ball on the tongue but it wasn't in this video so apparently you played this game before once before
ITS BEEN 3 YEARS??? still feels like yesterday when you posted the 100 sub special with the QnA
Click anyway XD
Nice to see you play this. Only thing Id change is the background you edited in
Might not be your typical game style but how about giving farming simulator 2022 a try
😂 it has been bugging me all video that I would have sworn I already saw RCE play this. After searching YT for this I think what I’m remembering is JackSepticeye’s video
cog
Day 2 of suggesting mindustry
PT.2 plzzzzz
Still clicked on it 😂😂😂
I clicked to see what the game was
Please more game
i know this kind of cutting is your usual style but knowing the game it really ruins it because your removing most of the humor from a game where thats literally the biggest selling point. would be nice if there would be an uncut version available to see so people would find out whats so great about the game.
Holy deuce, I REALLY hope RCE plays more of this one. Puzzle games don't get enough love, and thinking your way through these sorts of puzzles is...kind of like engineering. In a way. Sort of. Shut up and let me have this. 😢
This is brilliant.
:O
5:33 the best rce quote ever
I should've known... I watched 5 playthroughs of this, and I still didn't see it when I read the title... Oh well, cya in 20 minutes I guess XD
I almost didn't click on the video-- The thumbnail made it look like a dead video. But then I took a second look and realized that there was something there.
Please play Oxygen not Included
We'd be really upset if we could read RCE
What a crazy game
i think your the first one to understand the door trick first time
play some racinG Games
I want more!
That was pretty cool
“Yes, yes, screw you France” welp guess he really is British.
this is a good non game
I clicked 🙋
Soo u didn't want us to watch this vid so I disliked it so less ppl can see it
No Mr. Glitch  " *WERE ALL GONNA DIE* "
Petition to play satisfactory and factorio
Try Railway Empire. There may only be 2 types bridges but the game is awesome
?
There is no game, only Zuul
I have a sugestion for a game you propably never heard of: Brick Rigs. I play it and it's a cool Lego physics game with much of destruction. (Btw i'm Dutch so my English maybe a litle bit janky.)
While im not sure if i would describe this game either as genious or cursed - it was an absolute pleasure to watch ! The council of engineers approves! :)!
Try playing shadows of doubt
Sequel please
Knew the software right as I saw the title! Great educational video on how some experiences don't have to be games!
The fast pace cutting style of your Videos just doesn‘t work for this game.
Fuck yes!!
This is such a fantastic game.     The narrative is fantastic
Stanley Parable vibes
play rimworld.
space engineers?!?!?!?
You haven't played BEAMNG for what I know.... For an engineer I think is just great!!!
There is a game. Satisfactory.
don't cut out the guys dialogue you'll cut out like 90% of the game
It looks amazing :) love the thumbnail
will you play "there is no fangame"?
Your pronunciation of Cog is remarkably reminiscent of a very powerful shape 😂
Thought this was click bait... turns out THERE IS NO GAME!
I knew I wouldn't be disappointed as I expected there is no game.
The game is a lie.
Ingenious game
1ch 43kw Prewawq 2chreality  50kw reality
1ch 43kw Prewawq 2chreality  50kw reality
There was never a game. Dhat game gets really funny though.
THERE IS NO COMMENT!
I watched this before 1 year ago
Sorry late by 2 hours
I watched matpat first so I already know what happen
I’m surprised someone is still playing this game. I mean this NON-GAME!
Me who is blind  I see this as a absolute win
Day of 1 of asking for him to play heavendock again
4
Let's click on the video like you ofbiosly did
Ah I clicked
MOAR
I can’t comment on a video I never clicked that isn’t about not a game. No thumbs up.
This is not really my cup of tea, i enjoyed Matt's videos alot more when he plays a game 🙁
I didn't click, i tapped
Just looked up on the mobile store and this game has a 5 star rating
RCE too young to recognise the monkey island-style anti privacy wheel.
This game is sooo good
every youtuber thinks the same thing when they see the title of the non game and i love it
One of my favorite games. So creative. I hope RCE keeps playing this one because it goes some places.
Telling me not to just makes me want to click it more
@RCE those cables are RCA, not scart "you knob"
There is also satisfactory! Try it!
I love this program
Fun Fact: One percent of your old TV's static comes from CMBR (Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation). CMBR is the electromagnetic radiation left over from the Big Bang.
there is this game called from the depths where you can build what ever you want in
Oops, I clicked .... Now I'm watching 🙃
Play dst or please dont touch anything please         Its wattah no wot ar
Dude.. Your profile picture looks a lot like DarkViperAU
There was a russian flag ew
This goes a lot deeper if you actually read all the text the characters say. I'm glad I've seen this before so I can follow along and know everything happening.
This game is such a work of art. I think I must have watched at least 10 different people play it by now.
Reverse Clickbait??
Lemme instal an auto clicker real quick…
Telling us not to click on the video is something an Architect would say
lol LAME...
We want more no game
England
OMG I love this "game" sooo much!!!!! this is one of the best games for RCE to play
Wow... what a boring video... there literally is no gameplay, not what i expected from a gaming channel..
I dare you to try satisfactory
Damnit, I clicked…
Scrap mechanic
There is no comment here don't comment or do anything.
The original theres no  game was way better
You should  play outlanders. It's a fun but it's still a demo.
The copyright-free music and the casual, highlight style video really ruins the story of the game. I would love to see an *actual* full playthrough!
The narrator is the best part of this game. Why did you cut him out so much
what a trippi no game
there is no video :(
Hi
He acts like the new generation is dumb, so we are but not all of us.
PLSS THERE IS A GAME, BIG AMBITIONS PLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I swear I accidentally locked my phone and began staring at the screen waiting for something to happen as if the video was still playing, this game is nuts
I clicked out of spite, you're not my real dad!
I clicked :/
There is no game because engineering is serious business!  RCE: 8=D
That was actually impressive. I wouldn't have thought of most of those ideas
that was the best way to start this game
I watched that game on youtube few years ago. It's a great indie game with beautiful finally with even more beutiful song that I have on my playlist to this day. I'm happy that U can show how U r gonna play this NO game Matt
DO NOT CLICK Video:has 42k views in a hour
*maliciously clicks the video* can't stop me you aren't architect of my demise!  RCE's lack of knowing Arkanoid is sadening but understandable. it was big before he earned his hardhat, brain could not contain all the important knowledge back than. So this not a game seems based upon that odd times when buch of games subtly (superhot) and other less so (pony island, doki doki literature club, stanley parable, magic circle, the begginer's guide, awkward dimensions, superliminal - i may slightly too much enjoy the genre .P) played around and with the 4 th wall
A little less editing might make it less info spammy to viewers it can be a lot to take in
There is no comment here. Do not heart this comment because there is none. You may notn'tn't heart this comment.
Still 42,477 people clicked
Biever 😢😢😢😢
Roswell Gang
Wait, I thought you've already played this.
The game I would love RCE to play has to be scrap mechanic, you can build basically everything, and I would love a survival series playthrough, the game needs some popularity atm!
283ed commenter
I just got all of the achievements for the demo of this game yesterday!
This Is A Very Old Game I REMEMBER I Lied I DON'T Remember BUT IT Is STIll old
... really? SCART? Shame, shame, shame, shame!
cooool
Imagine watching this video while being baked 😂😂
You should play Totally accurate battle simulator
aw i clicked😂
Enjenir
Turmoil?
That's not a scart cable. You are supposed to be an engineer.
Try Stormworks next
bro thinks he not playing a game
I'm so happy you played this, it's also funny how you're starting to play a lot of games I've played and I'm doing the opposite with your gameplay. It's like we're two gamers passing in the...rye. I don't have any witty pun for that, oh well. Cheers Matt!!
So....um.....when are you going to play Satisfactory? I mean, you are going to play it right? RiGHT?  Fun fact, the Devs mentioned you on their last live stream, should be able to find it if you search YouTube for "satisfactory archive RCE"
RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE RCE
i keep suggesting games to you that you may like i never get a answer any more 0:16
The "mise en abyme" is French
0:39 I've not seen gaslighting like this since MGS2 when Campbell wants you to switch the console off.
please do construction sim 23 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Can we shove a co-
30k subs to go...  The road to 1.69m continues
Boosh boosh boosh hoo you
Lol no game....also RCE please break No Man Sky...i hear you can terraform efficiently
COG. - RCE
so many memories of the diskworld games with the sideways thinking
Nice
SIKE!!!
"Don't click"  Yeah, that's not .... Nevermind. This gam..NON-game makes no sense, unless you think, like fr. That must be why I love it
play farming sim 22 for your next video
"Its raining croyasants that's really offensive" - RCE 2023
it was NOT not a game
Bro is  so late
is just me or is he prenouncing the ''g'' in cog to hard it sounds wrong ;)
it actually surprised me how long it took for him to play this
I might have clicked
10:00 for a second i felt it is hindi 😂
"I have to leave - Gigi" - "Who's gg?"   They left and said good game! Ha
Love the Arkenoid throwback!
this game is the natural evolution of "I've got your nose"
I think you should play something called Prison Architect, you can do 2 of your favourite things, engineer an excellent system to be very efficient. AND imprison Architects. I see this as an absolute win.
I clicked! I clicked! I CLICKED!
Other games I recommend to play as an engineer.  - Satisfactory  - Oxygen Not Included  - Subnautica (?)  [Just to add variety]
Oops i clocked
As a dude from ur country, and im guessing also ur generation, ur narration makes me laugh, and feel old as fuk in equal measures lol
Play Elden Ring😁
This is abuse. Poor guy.
Great game, played it when it came out. You’re in for a hell of a ride Matt!
This looks fun. Interesting gameplay
Day 4 of asking for rce to reply to my comment paddys name
I clicked.  And there was a game.
Hey RCE will you be interested in playing age of wonders4?
The spinny thing with the icons and numbers is an anti piracy code wheel, it used to be included in old game boxes as piracy protection. Games would prompt you for a combination and you'd have to put in the matching result. Pirated games only copied the game software, and not the code wheel (or manual, which sometimes served the same purpose by having you type in a certain word from a random page number). If your friends were nice, they'd photocopy the manual for you at school.
I used to love the flash version of this. good times.
DO NOT CLICK! There is no comment       ha-ha! Nice game, love it. Will you publish the next episode or was it a full no game?
Ur very late matt. DANtdm did this years ago  Edit: You played like you had a walkthrough of the game right beside you...
the first level's name looked like french
I thought for a sec that u gona do a face reveal
I had to click
Lets get this man to 2 million he deserves it
Raining croissants isn't offensive it would be pretty nice actually 🥐
Matt trying not to look like he used the hint system
11:02 That's not a SCART cable! It's an RCA cable, you liar!
Play dredge!!
0:10 Hey RCE! I was just thinking that if you ever do run out of games to play, I would love to see a video or maybe a series on the game Satisfactory. It's a super fun and satisfying engineering game, and I think you'd love it. Love your videos! Keep up the great content ♥
45 minuten geleden super leuk trouwens from belgium
Do more minecraft lets plays and use redstone
Hi
RCE, I need your help! My young sister is performing way too bad at school, she can not solve even simple tasks at math. I am afraid she might grow up as an architect. Can you recommend any games on Steam to improve her thinking abilities?
FACTORIO
Let there not be any face reveal now. 😉
11:10 did you just call rca cables "scart"??
11:04 that’s not a Scart cable. That’s an RCA cable.  there where a LOT of RCA to Scart adapters, so I understand why you messed up
That actually looked like a lot of fun 😂
DO NOT CLICK "Read more"     Man, you gave in that easily huhh?
Don't worry Matt, Poly Bridge is set to release end this month.
What happens if you make it spell "here is game" during the turbo breakout section?
I knew exactly what the game was when I saw the title.
10:52 he said it so sadly i am gonna cryyyy 😢😢
Those paper code wheels were so awful but somehow kind of cool at the same time.
play farm sim would be funny to watch
This non game was a very enjoyable game to watch you play or not play because it's not a game to play
Hah.. you're not gonna fool me!    Of course, I'm gonna click!!
I tried to not click the video but it seems my mouse did it itself
That felt so random yet entertaining...
❌️SPOILER ALERT❌️ There most certainly is a game.
clickbait :D
infraspace must continue
There is also dude,stop and the rest of the there is no game series out that are quite fun if you like pissing people off
I'm surprised you're just now playing this, it was such a huge hit when it came out
Where's game?
Matt was really on a crusade to defeat nothingness, wasn't he?
This is genius😂
Clicked on the video fully expecting there to be no game or program, just RCE…
An idea of a game is astronea
roblox
I’m so glad your playing this
What a fantastically creative puzzle game. Love it!
could play satisfactory  thats a good game
I really love this (non)game so much and I would love it if you continued to (not) play it
Games: Software inc StoneHearth Shieldwall Rescue HQ Kingdoms and castles Farming sim, construction sim Captain of Industry Another brick in the mall (prison architect type game) Academia: school simulator (prison architect type game)  Some of these games he probably already played at one point but could be fun
"i just exit the game, -no the program!" he knows...
"Totally RCE not using the help button for the whole game"
There is no comment.
17005th
dang i saw this but watched you hydroneer vid first not realizing that you just posted i love your videos man i bought most games that you have and im inlove with them at first watching you play timberborn i thought i would hate it but i love it now keep up the amazing work and give paddy a pat from my dog dax!
I knew it the joke of youtube
Wait I just realsised when I clicked on this vid it was out 2 mins ago but I only noticed at the end of the vid lol I couldve been like first/second/third commenter lol
e
That was so good, so unexpected!!
guys who didnt click🗿
Funny how in this non-game there is a sign that says "HERE IS                                            GAME"
cool
You can't tell me what to do!!
End of reality
"Screw you France" -Every british person ever
Minecraft?
Create a game!
do more of these please, this (not) game is really fun
I knew it!
I recommend everyone to play this. It's a really well-crafted piece of art, and the commentary is very funny and the mechanics are super creative. The host is permanently trying to convince you to leave the game alone and give up, it's hilarious to play.
I KNOW THIS GAME! Also you stole the title from "Dan TDM"!!
Rce can u do the Panama Canal in timberborn?
I clicked
This was awesome! Lots of weirdness and humour.
first
RCE: plays video games for a living Also RCE: Forgets the name of Pong
3:43 sorry, shove a what now?
Yet another Youtuber going with the "Do not click this video" trope for this game, lol!!
If you're reading this, then you clicked on the video and are very naughty... So how about you don't click this link and don't buy the Engineering Beaver plush before it's gone!? 😅 https://www.makeship.com/products/engineering-beaver-plush
Ima click even if you say don't!
Try playing Dear Esther.
"screw you france" - the most english thing ever said :P
YOO this game's Soo good, I'd definitely love to see you finish it
"DO NOT CLICK"
Huh, weird, there’s a 20 minute vid of just nothing
You're the first YT gamer I've ever seen play TING. That's Rad.
Some good humour in this game. Shades of the Stanley Parable
Dantdm played this game and completed it
Are bottle openers not a thing in britain or did RCE just drop the ball?
I was just rewatching a playthrough of this non game. You have perfect timing.
Oops seems like I clicked it and watched the whole thing, oh well
I love this uh... not a game?
Just saying RCE, DanTDM has already done it, but I hope no one will spoil it for you Waiting to see your perspective on how you find a game if there is any lol
Oops i accendently clicked it😢
okay
Matt is just trying every way not to take the game seriously… 😂
Oh, this piece of software that is definitely not a game is fantastic. It has a great story and an even greater soundtrack.
There is no game is old brub
I knew there was no game when I saw the title, but he did have me in the beginning
Space engineers when? It even got engineers on the title
3:14 I see you are using the "strongest shape" there
I'd suggest you'd leave in more of the games dialogue. It is pretty good tbh.  I mean no game of course.
i dont think there is game
bruh *dislikes*
800 videos is alot! Nice
I wouldn't click this video if I could read
Day 1 of asking Matt to play my summer car
Day 1 of asking RCE to play Hearts of Iron 4
Lock Picking Engineer.
Day 3 of asking matt to play mindustry
well 3.7k people have already failed in the first 7 mins
Awesome seeing RCE take on this thing that is not a game. It's a great experience and a unique time. Now if we could get him to give a go at Stanley Parable, we'd be cooking with gas. :)
No game 😢
hi, i’d absolutely love to see u play airborne kingdom! its a brilliant little flying city builder with a really cool story.. and its ambience is absolutely wonderful!
IXIION AGAIN !
This is some Soviet mind trick?
day 519247 of suggesting you to play Stormworks
has it been 3 years? damn i still remember watching when u started out, thx for helping me through my BSC and MSC ! Favorite study break/ procrastination content
DAY 116: You can't fool me Matt.... You gotta play Frostpunk sooner or later
Ooh that was a deep introduction…  Also, you should try that level again, especially 1 and 4 (idk if it is on steam)
ay, what a classic
No more games
please play shadows of doubt
You can't tell me what to do
I waited 4 minutes, and once I saw it was safe I clicked 👍😌
where game?
Hi matt
FUCK YEAH
Day 49 of asking Matt to play planet zoo
Hi
Day 14 of asking RCE to make the next Poly Bridge music video with those lyrics of "Always" by Bon Jovi:  "This Architect is failing And you can't see his skill Doing nothing but fail buildings The Engineer stepped in.  I've been failing since my degree I see, only Engineers are good I thought, my skills were always brighter But without Engineers, I give up  I can't built a good bridge  Like the way it's meant to be Well, I guess I can't create anymore Engineers are better than me  And I Will need you Engineer Always He'll be there and build strongest shapes Always This man's trusses are better than mine  But to my skills, the Germans say "Nein" And I know I will need a better guide And I'll need you, always." ------------------------------------------------------------------- The original song text:  This Romeo is bleeding But you can't see his blood It's nothing but some feelings That this old dog kicked up  It's been raining since you left me Now I'm drowning in the flood You see, I've always been a fighter But without you, I give up  I can't sing a love song Like the way it's meant to be Well, I guess I'm not that good anymore But baby, that's just me  And I will love you, baby, always And I'll be there forever and a day, always I'll be there 'til the stars don't shine 'Til the heavens burst and the words don't rhyme And I know when I die, you'll be on my mind And I'll love you, always
E
Lol
RCE sees Aliensrock playing a nice puzzle game: ah yes I wanna try that  or Jack, Mark or Pewds
165th liker
Day 213 of asking RCE to make a new minecraft world.
2 mind and 208 comments
I clicked out of my reflexes, I regret it as there's nothing
Oh no, clicked it. It was an accident, I swear!
I clicked any way….
Day there of asking rce how Petty is doing
I think this is a repost or I have seen someone play this game before
Just made it 69 likes lol
definitely did not click on this video
K N O B
Where is the game?
I was trying to say first but i didnt wanna lose my brain cells
Hey Arsey-E
Don't tell me what to do!
No game
Day 204:Dear Matt,  I have a very good video idea  Gather all your editors and make them all have a fight on like a PvP game (e.g. Minecraft,Rust,Ect,ect...) And see who is the best editor and is worthy of the rank of a classified engineering. From me.
:)
first?
I’m early (for once)
E
UwO
Hi
No game
I clicked it anyway
LETS GET CLICKED
No games ?
👍
there is a game
Hi rce
clicked anyways lol
Sup
literally first view and comment, 43 secs lol
No views lol
Lets Go!
Oh wait
First
First , Maby
There is no game
1st
Hi
🥺
click
Love you RCE
Day 26 of asking Matt to play No Mans Sky. (RCE at 0:12: Ive run out of games to play! Me: 😶)
