Which do you prefer? All-wheel-drive, rear-wheel-drive or front-wheel drive? Let me know below. And don't forget to listen to my next show with Yianni on Stereo here: https://stereo.com/u/r21686FPvo0jZ21
Should be a m240i and the supercharged 1.8vvt yaris vs fiesta st. Not the m2 and gr yaris
Beautifully done, very engaging family content with excellent visual
5:25 5:26
It would be interesting too see the standard quarter on a mapped fiesta st. Mine has 245bhp and 380 torques so I think it would get slightly nearer too the Yaris but let's be fair here.....that Yaris is 4wd and that BMW is a beast. There is no way you can logically compare these 3 cars fairly.
Fiestas are shite
If you want to go fast buy an M2. If you want to have fun buy a Fiesta. If you want both buy a Yaris GR
Improved brakes and 240hp on the ST and 1:14.00 is possible? Matt always get below 7s 0-60!! Other journalists not much.
What track is this?
This is a real test.
Why such different hp ? Fiesta has no chance before I've even watched it.
Casual mentions the Cup 2 tyres on the M2 at the end. 💀
I love the gr Yaris Rallye
2:40 the rear wheel was in the air lol
Why isn’t the “racing driver” driving the cars 😂😂😂
A bit unfair. Fiesta and Yaris engines only 0.1 ltr difference and the BMW a lot more expensive with a 3.0 ltr. 1.4 ltr difference between fiesta and BMW. They wouldn't be in the same race on the track.
So the first upgrade to the Fiesta will be brakes which isn't hard to do and since they wear out and you have to replace anyway might as well upgrade discs and pads !
Which car is the most fun? A K24 swapped Honda Jazz, obviously, but I digress.
Con la Fiesta si cambia senza alzare il pedale dell'acceleratore se vuoi fare il tempo
First upgrade my st is getting is brakes
Es una comparativa de  mierda
La comparación no es justa ahi deberia estar el focus RS
That M2 CS is so sick and fast. My dream car for sure.
Crazy how 3 yrs ago matt said he wish he could afford a BMW M2, now he's in a GT3 RS, crazy success
Get the TYPE R'S on that track!
I love a fair comparison...
A stage 1 map and a break upgrade on that fiesta changes it so much compared to stock
What a bizarre comparison🤔
I love the Fiesta ST
You should try our @ttsuspensionuk TracTive semi-active, electronic suspension package on your GR Matt. 5 programmable suspension modes and damper s react in 6-10ms!! Steve
GR Yaris: 4 wheel drive, Fiesta ST 3 wheel drive
Having had an M4 and now drive an AMG E53 I find my wife’s GRYaris the best fun car. It’s just fast enough for the road.
Spend more go faster! 🤯
So you just have to *send* that fiesta 😂
He did this comparison to compare AWD vs RWD and FWD
GOOD MORNING BEAST MAT WATSON CARS CANADA Mississauga Ontario 🇨🇦🇨🇦🍀🍀🍀
It wouldn't be such a difference with the Fiesta if they have better brakes on it.  Still the Toyota would have won the round but it would be much closer.  The brakes on the Fiesta are very weak.
are you using a rallye edition yaris?
I don’t think that’s even a match up when you put those cars together
Al toyota lo tiro como niñita
I'd take any of those, thank you 😁
Pointless comparison unless the viewer is completely ignorant to these cars. I mean, the Fiesta had no business being here. The Civic Type R would of been a more comparable car as far as representing a track ready FWD car. Just stupid.
So i can get Fiesta, Yaris and still save 20k for gas and service? Who needs m2 than 😂
I love my M240i, been absolutely rinsing hot hatches around tight Welsh b roads recently, great fun for everyone.
The M2 doesn’t belong there
Cars that М Bmw can compete with, 😂
Matt you have my dream job, I hope to be doing something similar one day 😃
What is the point of a comparison between a £70k 450bhp BMW vs a £29k 200bhp fiesta (the Yaris is just a Yaris),  no one thinking of buying one is looking at the other as an alternative
What is the little lap/0-60 timer you have sitting on your dash? I've been looking for something like that for a while now.
Bmw cs is a fucked beast
You had some wheels in the air with the fiesta😂
Yaris GR definitely
Hehehe @ 2:41
Let's just race 3 completely random cars against each other....
Bmw ALLLLLLL DAY
Toyota !!!!!
The amount of times that the Fiesta was on 3 wheels was legendary
I guess the FiST still doesn't have independent rear suspension. Lifting that rear wheel!
Give me the Yaris any day. It'll be running years after the other 2 have been scrapped
Who would of thought,.... money buys you performance.
I have both the ford and Toyota and the ford wins in every way . The Toyota holds it's value better that's it.
A 40 thousand pound price gap makes sense? where?
What a strange battle to include these two hot hatch and that BMW.
09:10 for the result
give to the Yaris a 50 hp upgrade and will hit the BMW M2 times..👍
Thanks for the video mat!
@Mat Watson, to be honest I thought you only did straight line test, you surprisingly did very well talking us through what you were thinking and doing great job
Yaris is wonderful
Do not forget the cost of tracking. Track pad, tires and fuel are very expensive on an M2 CS. Better buy a cheapest car and track it every week/month than going few times per year with and m2
Why did you forgotten about polo R. IT IS BEST!!!
The yaris is the Best.
Yaris and bmw much more expensive than fiesta I'd take fiesta n tune it then it becomes a little beast all nice cars though
The 3 cars on my short list.   I don't care about track times just fun about town with 2 passengers on occasion.  I would switch it up a bit and spec M2 manual without carbon brakes and Fiesta 5 door.   Best back saeat will be coming home with me.  Which would you pick if you were me Mat?
Y is the fiesta even in this video.... the power isn't even comparable 😂
how is it that UK uses the metric system but then uses MPH as a measure of speed???
It really showcases how much more skilled as a driver you need to be to handle a RWD car. You have to be more keen to your inputs as a driver. In AWD and FWD, you can basically go in as hard as you want, and still retain control of the car because you don't have oversteer do deal with as much.
Easy GR!
The fiesta st is too funny to drive
Yaris 1.6L faster... 👌
Great track fun but not a fair comparison but would choose the fiesta 😉
This is great. 5 second difference and how many fiestas can you get for the price of an m2 comp? I'd rather have the fiesta.
Cosa c'entrano le tre auto? Chiedo per me, per un mio amico e per l'amico del mio amico.
Terrible driving but if you drove all 3 i suppose its even
2sec on track/1sec 0-60 vs 25k more... I take the 2 sec 😂... and the yaris is handmade... no brainer
Omg, I managed 2 mins and turned off. This is dire, love Carwow, hate this
Yanni is great fun!
Yaris gr most fun on track
What a stupid comparison,the M2 is worth more than both the yaris and st combined.
It's just like comparing apples and potatoes...To be a fair competition Fiesta should sport a REVO 2 Stage to match Yaris' hp (and price), while putting in a BMW 6 liters 500 hp is like adding a Spitfire XIX to the race...why not a SU-57 next time?
30k are you real let's see you spend your money on them
How can you get the most out of the cars with all that talking?!? 🤣
Toyota yaris ❤👍
i need to see the cars not your face
those lauches were crazy good
If you can't afford the m2 just work harder
Nice that they gave Matt a custom helmet with his nickname on for this video ;)
Car that costs twice as much as the others wins shocker
This video perfectly explains the performance car segment from entry level Fiesta to sweet spot Yaris and to the beast of a bmw
So you are saying bang for the buck i could purchase 2 of the Toyota Yaris and have money left over for hookers and cocaine OR i could purchase a BMW M2 and beg my friend to let me bang his mum and drink cough syrup because i cannot afford a pint at the Pub ! Sign me up for the Yaris x2 !
Before I see the result...Yaris...very fast in these type of tracks...lets see...
This guy rather dies than saying something positive about a ford....  and comparing a fiesta and Yaris with an M2....🙈
Hardly a fair comparison.... Money talks here. If the Fiesta had a map and over 300bhp, different ball game.
You could have at least got a Focus ST instead of a Fiesta ST to make it a more even fight, why you gotta do us Ford fanboys dirty like that :(
Wow bmw blew the yaris away incredible
Prices in Greece : Yaris gr from 40k Fiesta st from 22k , bmw m2 from 100k.... the st is the best for its prize
You are cool
you would have beaten the mini in the 1/4 with the .5
To get an equal test go on a dirt-track as well
Hi can you please tell me the exact color of the fiesta? I want my fiesta the same way
Track car - and there is not Megane 4 RS Trophy ? ? Car wow !!????
LOVING these, especially compared to the likes of the carwow stuff
A real disadvantage to the hot hatches because its manual vs auto😂
Yaris 👍🏼
I think hes the new ken miles
3 different hp. all 3 top of the game, but the Yaris man…. What a beauty
MAD respect for toyota puting frameless doors.....meanwhile subaru and others that had them before they all look like cheap buckets now
M2 is such a weird car to include in the comparison. Totally different price range
Hello there Mat! Now that you have driven the GR4 for a while... how is the maintenance schedule? how often do you service your car? how much does it cost? Would really appreciate a video with a complete long term review about the GR4: how is it living with it? Servicing? Etc. Cheers!
Where are the Hyundai i20n
Thanks for making this my last video
Where I am from the GR cost basically double of the Fiesta ST mk8.....
I've been waiting to take my coffee to enjoy this video and seing the M2 take the sweet deserved revenge after you made fun of the old timer 328 vs the Yaris GR. Props again to the e36 328i btw to have been able to get a draw on the rolling race vs a car 20 years newer and with 50 hp more ;)
I love that there is a Matt channel as well. Get to see real track stuff not just drag racing.
How are those even comparable cars? Lol 70k new versus 30k cars...
Well that outcome was expected from the start.  Why bother.  Might as well just of tested that rimac with em too. Doh.
The fiesta goes well. It's just so ugly. I hate the upswept rear window deign and the headlights are an abomination imo.
The most telling part of the video, was that you had a permanent grin on your face whilst driving the Fiesta.
Hey look mat can you do a m240i review or track time? I know you are getting lots of comments and I am NOT saying I'm the most important comment 🙂  But I want to buy my car through carwow and I think you should listen to every comment. And I only want you to read and reply to this comment if you do the m240i review it is is less important. It would be appreciated 😊!
M2 cs is A BEAST,  WITH ONLY 500€ SOFTWARE YOU HAVE  570 HP!!!!!
I paid a lot less for my Fiesta ST Edition through CarWow !  I've had a MK3 Focus RS ..... Comparing the stats and reviews of both the RS & Yaris......., The Yaris is so over hyped !
If only yous would've gotten the VA wrx sti
So Mat actually knows how to turn the steering wheel...
Good to see you doing solo its high time..behind you all the way.
Track's Name please
Realised it's not Carwow as it ended.
M2 is the best, who new! 😆
Much more interesting than 1/4 mile and 0-62 tests.. fantastic!
STOP PRESS!!! Most expensive, most powerful car is quickest and least expensive, least powerful car is slowest
BMW The most expensive??? You can buy two Toyota's for the price of one BMW.  Not much of a comparison? Six cylinder v 3???? .😴😴😴
The ST is a good car, it's just so hideous to look at. The way the back windows slope upwards is dreadful which leaves a chunk of metal between the bottom of the window and the wheel arch.
On the Peugeot 208 what trim has the massage function
Matt Please consider reviewing Porsche 918 spyder either on your channel or on carwow.
Hey Mat, can I get some information about your career details? As I'm a teenager, I'm planning to become a motoring journalist just like you. I have pretty good interest in cars!  Please help me out Mat☺️
This that the top gear track?
Hi Mat , I would like to know if you have ever reviewed a proton Gen 2?
https://youtu.be/HovebFF7G58
I love my Fiesta ST mk8, 100000km / 62000 miles and no problems at all
Bmw m2 cs ALL DAY, EVERY DAY,
Almost 500k subs
Hi Matt, I'm a big fan of yours.
All this, and not a single use of a Transponder. FAIL.
One day I just randomly bumped into ur channel...now case is...if I dnt take ur review...I wont be able to finalize the car...
well for me i prefer for wheel drive, awesome review by the way
Hi Matthew Watson really enjoy watching your videos keep up and stay safe
Eh...why not CVR instead of the Fiesta?
Nice video, interesting comparison
Hello Mat Please make a review of the new eqs😑
Love the video!
Mat...your the best podcast out there...seriously leave em all behind...want to see 10 million subs
Are you gonna get an exhaust on your Yaris? At least a cat back?
Worst director ever! Show us the track not the driver!!!
On a slower trak or hill road i think the yaris would win.
Matimum performance
More on your GR Yaris please
try this video when the track is wet, probably find the yaris to be the fastest.
fiesta ST is dead, GR Yaris is not in American, and  BMW M2 is overpriced.
pls race the lambo aventador svj and your new tesla model s plaid +
Mart test on gravel track
Nice video as always. What's the mode you select on the timing gear for 0 to 60?  Do you use the rolling one as your times are always better than the manufacturer quoted times ?
hey Matt! I just applied to a job posted by Car wow on LinkedIn. located in Madrid. just wanted to let you know im a big fan of both of your channels and working with you would be a pleasure. I love the automotive industry and I know how important and troublesome it is to buy a car and carwow actually makes people´s lives easier when it comes to the final choice.
Just a very great video 🤘
1.8 seconds vs 41000 €
that ford was 3 wheeling half the fucking track XD
That m2 is gorgeous
Can you send me your carwow company business model to my email (Not asking stupid questions nor do i have any bad intention) just burning desire of an MBA from WMU  to excel in entrepreneurial world. God bless carwow company,  staff and epic swag you tuber Mat Watson . @Mat Watson Cars @carwow
ford 1.17 toytoy gr 1.14, close for the HP difference and AWD.. better chassis ? I dont know what does everyone think ?
It should have been the civic type R instead of the fiesta, just saying...
Great video, much more interesting and fun compared to drag racing
The cars are so different in bhp doesn't really matter about rwd awd fwd does it
This vid is not in carwow ... somehow it is in Carwow America Latina channel ....
How’s a M2 in this? A M2 would be Better w a RS
Why did they not use the new focus ST as its at a closer price point?
If the BMW were manual, it wouldn't be much ahead of the Yaris. Very impressive for 33 grand.
There was alot more smiles while in the Fiesta ST!!
Great Video Mat. I'm curious to know what would be the outcome of a M2 CS vs Civic Type R battle on the track. You should try
No civic type r to compare.
yaris is a clear all rounder and I'd have the bmw on the track, but the fiesta st is a brilliant road car.
Sure the M2 was going to win, gobs more hp and way more expensive than the other two. IMO the Toyota wins due to the performance and quality per dollar factor.
Lol, the fiesta sounds like 5 cyl 😁🤣
Really weird comparison.. Price and horsepower wise not on the same level. Still think the ST didn’t fall short
You need to delevop your own racing video game.. would be really interesting
Ein Fiat Panda 4x4 mit 100 PS, ist an der Ampel auch die ersten meter schneller wie ein 1000 PS Porsche. Es kommt auf die Strecke und Disziplin an , für was das Fahrzeug gebaut wurde
ur in the uk  stop using mph use kmh
good sum up, thanks
BMW is 5 seconds quicker around a 1 minute long track. That's a ridiculous advantage in performance. But I also know a Ford ST is much cheaper than a BMW M2 in my neck of the woods. They are NOT even in the same category price wise. I think it's a no brainer that most people would prefer the BMW M2 if they had the budget for it.
I ❤ fieSTa
I think instead of the M2 you should’ve brought the 128ti
I would like to see the GR fastest laps in all 3 modes
Video request: M2CS vs GR Yarris with upgrades tires and brakes
Hey mat where is bmw m5 cs video I m dieing to see that video on ur channel please do it mate if u could thanks 🙏
Way to drive Mat keep it up this was an amazing battle!!
I thought I paid for YouTube premium to not see ads haha
Do a drag race with a 330e vs 320i vs 330i
The turbos Japanese old school one gets off rapidly
Why didn’t the rs instead of the st
GR YARIS🇯🇵👍
Why don't you use a GPS Tool for the lap times like QSTARZ?
Awful driver
These cars sure do seem fun.  Wish we’d get them in the states.
🔥Toyota GR Yaris & Manual gear🔥
siete dei geni👏👏👏
I love Blyton Park such a nice track.
Rear wheel drive, from. A Ford to a BMW always enjoyed it.
Guy talk shit more then anything else
One of these is not like the others
M2 CS is the weapon. Fuk the Nanna Yaris
I suddenly realized it was blyton park when I saw the long port froid it's a really fun corner
Hello Mat, please test Tesla Model 3 Performance 🙏
Wish the Yaris was sold in the United States
I’d take the oldest m2 over any of these brand new
M2 is my dream car
Would be great to film lesser the driver but more the track/dash from inside/outside
So you leaving carwow?
More vids like this please! We love this!
How has a ford fiesta st a CHANCE against a m2 cs?😂😂😂
Hi i‘m from Costa Rica , please, test de VW Jetta GLI.
MACDonald's?? Lol
Wasn't a fair test all totally different cars and prices
The bmw cost 3x the price of fiesta here in Denmark lol...
Yaris / Best ⚡️👌🔥♥️
please do more of thes vids mat
I only see one car here
This is the real cars comparison, btw the next necessary videos and highly recommended should  be (RS6 or rs7, Amg gt63 4 doors , and finally M8 or m5 )( Bmw x6M , Audi RsQ8 , lambo urus , the merc gle63 )( The new S3 , golf 8R , BMW M1 , Mercedes A45s)
It's a shame that Ford won't 'RS' the Fiesta to compete with the Yaris...
This is real Battle VS and comparison
m2 all day, every day and everywhere
Well done switching to the track driving!
Seriously? It's like pitting Red Rum & Shergar against a donkey.
2:40 THE REAR-LEFT WHEEL ROSE INTO THE AIR
Hoo the Toyota Yaris not bad !! 🤨 The BMW 🤩 enormous
3:15 he was on 3 wheels wtf
Replace the Ford w the type r. The Ford lifts its wheels every 3 seconds and just looks like a toy compared to the others
Anyone else just skip the first 3mins now to avoid all the sales piffle and watch what you clicked for?
Great test Matt.
I love that Yaris
Where is the gp3?
Fiesta
I wish Matt had the i20N in here too, seems to fit well with the Yaris and Fiesta in that smaller, rally-type hatch category and I'd be really interested to see how it held up...
I disliked because I don’t get why the m2 was featured. I do like these track battles but seems pointless when there’s a car that clearly shouldn’t be there
aVOID THE FIRST 2 MINUTES OF THE VIDEO,ITS JUST RUBISH,ADVERTISING CRACK,mAT wanka
The Yarris is ugly AF and it has the seating position of a truck.
I really enjoyed the video . It is refreshing to see comparisons being conducted in a straight forward manner without too much dialogue and long introductions.
That M2 is def the winner but it’s more than double the cost of others! So take the Yaris and have years of fun and can also get around better in crap weather. Sadly not sold in the States as we’re gonna get (crappy FWD) Corolla GR with same engine instead
Ford st best !
Should of included the Mini GP3
GRヤリスよく出ますね笑
I thought this was a throttle house video 😭🤣
Just my opinion, I can’t stand this guy on Carwow or his own channel. Seems really full of himself, crap sense of humour and doesn’t have the credibility of Harris, Metcalfe or Catchpole. It’s a shame because I’m sure the cars were great, but I couldn’t see them behind his ego!
Oh my God Mat, are you feeling okay? Have you taken a corner before..??
Don't do such silly things. You put the Yaris and Fiesta next to an M2, they'll less good than they really are.
Rather have a MINI JCW 🤷🏻‍♂️
Matt it’s nice to see you’re so knowledgeable around the track! Entertaining whilst still making callouts of the pedal work and other inputs to balance the cars is great! Keep up the great work! Also @carwow sponsor Matt for European F3
Awd is the best set up.. Miles better than 4wd
The m2 costs twice as much as the yaris but i still prefer the little GR
Totally unrealistic! three completely different cars, all with very differing BHP and Torque. Self explanatory the M2 is going to be fastest followed by the Yaris and then the ST, also price all miles apart. As for looks the M2 all the way followed by the ST then the Toyota......after all it is just a TOYOTA.
this was so much better then straight line race. Keep this up mat. We love it.
Yianni saying Urus is better than Aventador... Eh, shame on you Yianni
2:40 3 cilinder, 3 wheel on the asphalt.. All seems to be ok
Love your videos Matt, but amongst these competitors I think the Honda Civic Type R would have provided a more fair option for the FWD component.
How the hell can you compare a bloody fiesta, yaris, to a bloody M2??
Next track batte : Suzuki Jimny Vs. McLaren 765 LT McLaren should be a bit faster... 😊
Spot on for the ST Matt, so much fun on the road
ur voice is so loud its distorting and giving me a headache 4i have to give this video a skip -_-
Of course he said the Yaris, they gave it to him as a long term and he has to say the Yaris lol dunno who would choose that over the m2cs
has he reviewed mk5 gti
Only one thing with the Toyota, its by far the ugliest
Gr yaris all day long
Did anyone notice that wheel in the air on the fiesta and yaris
Will be interesting for the same test with either the GT86 or GR86 when it’s available, similar power levels and price
This track vid reminds me of good old fashioned Top Gear with the mighty Suzuki Liana.
First thing i bought for my ST was a big brake kit 🤣   Had a MK7 before and i know how bad the stock brakes were on that 🤣
Please do drag race of GR yaris against VW polo and golf GTi.
Track , 0-100 ,0-400m is much nicer to watch 👍🏽
Those inline threes need a t-plane crank...
03:19 the rear wheel is off the ground :O
Yianni.                         BMW!!!!!!!!
interesting lineup with the m2 cs, i think it will be close between the yaris and the bmw
Looks like fun.
Please car diesel
Come on, everyone heard that you shifted too early to 4th gear on 0-60 test with the ford.  I don't like Ford, but don't make it slower, because you own yaris...
i bet not many people knew you drive like that
Why are you comparing a 80K RWD 6 cyl BMW against two 4 cyl econoboxes?
So yeah let's compare two 30 grandish cars with a 75 grand one.Really.
The least powerful was the slowest The most powerful was the quickest The middle ground powered car was....er....in the middle.
I’d love to know what time the Yaris would have got on Cup2 tyres, rather than 4s. I bet it would be close to the BMW!
Another option, a used S3 for Fiesta money with a few choice mods which will out perform the M2 (that's what I did anyway)
BMW fanboy alert mat
Civic type R instead of the fiesta st!!!
If these had the same price, I would still pick the Fiesta. It's the most fun.
Why didn't you add the honda civic type R? It is the most appropriate car for track and it'll beat the crap out of those 3 cars
such a mega price difference here
Zhe German Akzent iz really gut!
Kann man einen BMW M2 tatsächlich mit den anderen vergleichen ? So ein Schwachsinn, allein der Preis ist nicht gerechtfertigt !
the Yaris- I bet Toyota lose money on everyone they sell, which is why this is the mega bargain of the year
Do these lap times more often, not the pointless and boring drag races. Oh, and I'd take the Toyota Yaris, thank you very much.
Mat Watson for Top Gear.
Wait... Mat got sponsored?
The BMW costs twice as much as the Yaris?
4.5s to 60 for a CS,a standard M2C DCT has a claimed time of 4 dead
Need More of these track battle comparison’s, would be ideal to do with the drag races
HI MAT PLEASE A TOYOTA RAV4 DRAG RACE I HAVE BEEN DYING TO SEE ONE
3.18
Great video mate 3 great cars 🔥
That Yaris looks a right little pocket rocket 👍
why do I think that someone else was actually driving the car :D
Hear me out lads:  Chris Harris  Mat Watson Henry Catchpole  New Top Gear
would have loved to see the model 3 performance in this aswell
33k for a Yaris? No thanks.
The most fun is the MINI JCW ;)
good soo good. 4wd, 64 more hp, front and rear limited slip diff, 90nm more tork, just 60kg more weight.  and not so faster than poor little ford. good job toyota. this guy really love you :)
M2 has no match with those two cars.
Your Doing A Sideways Wheelie😱 2:41
A valiant effort from my dear girl ST, but lets no forget she is underpowered here, dwarfed by the m2 by 250bhp and by the yaris by 65 bhp and sheds of torque. I wouldnt swap my stage 2 mk8 for anything i know it like the back of my hand. We have a rhythm
More of this!
Couldn't get an i20N huh?
Can you do the civic type R and the new mk8 golf R track review please?
If we wanted twat yawny content, we’d be watching his channel. It’s so old
Great video! Would love to see some more stuff on the i30N 🔥
Wow, Mat can go through turns?! Good job, great vid, would like to see more of these. Maybe grab a Type-R, new Golf R, and Supra next vid?
The yaris is one ugly ass car
The Type R would be good to compare in this challenge
Top channel m8,
Video starts at 1:54
Toyota is better will last longer
M2 CS is not as quick as 440i tested recently. Shows how quick that is!
Skip to 1.55 to avoid the tacky car wrap bloke
Great video, looking forward for you to try a i20N and compare it with the Fiesta ST.
M2 cs
Would like to see more of the ST on the carwow channel Mat!
BMW el mejor de todos
More of this in carwow,the drag races are fun but this is a little more objective
M2 is nice with a good engine and chassis but the price and running costs are pretty high for just a hobby Gr is good for low grip surfaces  For the road I would prefer an mx5 or new gt86 with good handling and lower costs.
I don’t think the fiesta ST is really comparable to the M2 or Yaris GR
Don't buy the Ford out of warranty.
BMW M2CS is 4 times the car that the Yaris is, for only 2 and a bit times the price. That makes it a bargain !
Fiesta ST Edition upgrade with 4000pounds and take the Yaris GR on track... Yaris GR not surprise Fast than a Fiesta...more Power and AWD...
My dream garage in a single video ! 😍
thing is you know your own car so much better than the other 2, so you can comfortabley extract more performance from it in comparison to the other 2.
No way! Blyton!!! I love that track!!
less you, more car please
Mats had a lot of coffee.
M2 Cup 2 and Yaris PS4S? Hmm
The BMW seems a waste of money...all that for 75K? you can get a lot more car for a lot less better performance and looks. the Yaris does look like fun, very interesting engine but I'd rather get a VW polo/golf. And for the Fiesta...I don't waste my time on Ford cars...they died in the early 90's.
More expensive = faster shocker. :)
2:40 Did he just 3-wheel a fiesta?
That was a really really good video !!
Aren't the brakes on the new Fiesta Brembo's?
Mat looks like Ken Miles
That Fiesta did that whole lap with only three wheels touching the ground
Why there was an actual lap, 0-60, and 1/4 mile TIME comparison between these cars. If this was a "which car is the most fun to drive" comparison then that would have been cool. But this was just complete nonsense
Who agrees Mat would great as a future F1 commentator ?
2:40 3 wheels on the road... that traction though
27k for a Fiesta ST?? The last generation seems like much better value.
That Ford’s back tire was flyiing lol
Hey, please bring a review of a Lambo Urus
This was awesome, nice job!
Matt we need to see more of the Hyundai I30N plz
no for real... i really enjoy the video!!!!!! keep up
Anyone else think mat doesn't like fords?
Kinda doesn't make sense putting up cars from different classes in a lap test
Yaris gr
Put it this way , at one point in the Bathurst 6hr on the weekend 8 of the top ten places were BMW ! Out gunning some heavy hitters .
264hp and 380Nm for the GR Yaris seems high? Is this not a standard UK version GR Yaris (261hp and 360Nm)? Or has he had it dyno’d (I know most GR Yaris’ are showing higher than quoted figures from factory).
King of reaction time and Matt are mutually inductive
Was that Nico Rosberg and Mark Webber?
Carwow indeed
In-car sound of your voice distorts all the time and is really unpleasant on the ear. Same as the just released Supra vs m440i video on the Car throttle channel. This started very recently so what's changed with the mic / recording equipment? It's VERY harsh! :(  Great content otherwise but unpleasant to watch with headphones or on larger TV speakers.
Instead of the piece of shit fiesta, you should have had an Abarth Biposto
I'm sorry but WHAT are you on about Mr. Watson? Bad brakes on the Fiesta! come off it!! you're just not pushing hard enough! Never known such coddlewallop!! Fiesta any day. I would like to drive the Yaris but I'm sorry you can get an A35 for the same money! it's a rip-off! ST annnnyyyy day! you just weren't pushing hard enough because once again Matt is a brand snob and is Bias!
awsome video .. more this please 💯
What car do you think would win in damp conditions, as unfortunately a lot of the year  our uk roads are ?   I Enjoy your presentation  a lot
Was this at Blyton Park
i thought stereo was new. how long has Yani been on it because how is he already verified lol
2:40!! wheel in the air!!!
Bruhy notifications weren't on for this channel 😐 fml
It's almost as if the performance numbers matter
I recon at least 1 second slower for the CS if it would have been a manual. The GR is a no brainer, honestly.
Ford: Mat giggling. BMW: Mat giggling. Toyota: Mat boasting.
Please do a one with the new golf R and other german hot hatches
GR Yaris 😘😘😘
How did I guess so close to the lap times? 1:14 and 1:12.5 I better bet in the lottery and I cross my fingers I get the numbers!
Don't make it too obvious Matt. . . Cough* cough* bmw fanboy  Don't get me wrong, the M2 line is the only "worth it" modern Bimmer.
The youthful bottle postnatally transport because felony nouzilly analyse throughout a hallowed good-bye. greedy, penitent swan
SO  more  money buys a  faster  car    , Who would  think  That  !!???
Hi Matt, I was wondering if you could do a comparison between mk7.5 golf R vs Gti TCR vs mk8 golf R vs Mk8 GTI Club Sport. Either yourself or on Carlow. This was a great video^
YouTube recommended came through for once.. Subscribed
Are you for real,  you compare m2 sc to those toys
TOYOTA 😎👍🏻
is the gr yaris a meme?
1.5l 27k fiesta only 5 seconds slower than a 80k m2 CS. Pretty impressive if you ask me
what a brilliant video, love this format
Holy cow...! You looked on the ragged edge in that Fiesta, for sure...!! Great video- though I would question your "6 grand difference... you'd have this (the Yaris) every day" comment, in that, a £6,000 extra cost works out at over 22% more than the 'list price' for the Fiesta, which I presume is HUGELY discounted in the real world.  That's a WHOLE pile of money difference to your average Joe...
Isn’t the M2 a little more expensive and more powerful than the other options?🤨
Mat got skills
Try a be get a review on a 2010 bmw m6 V10
You should more often go to circuit and  do lap tests
Every review I’ve seen about the Yaris has been positive, negative with the price until it gets driven
YOU HAD TO INCLUDE THAT IRRITATING  CAR WRAP PERSON .... FFS WHY ???????
That Yaris also has the worst interior by a mile. Even the basic ST's is better and you get to see through the screen.
What circuit was it?
dat moment when you realise your 80k pound m2 cs has the same color as a Fiesta St. wow bmw. epic fail. long beach blue is 500 times more exlusive color then this shit
⚠️ATTENTION CALLING ALL DIRECTIONERS⚠️  As you all know, the 11 year anniversary is coming up on the 23rd of next July. But we have some projects we must complete before then. Those targets are as follows;  1) Even though songs like More than this, best song ever, etc, have hundreds of millions of views,  it's still not what they deserve.  We have decided to stream the song on July 22nd, the day before the 11 year anniversary to get the song to charts. Maybe we have to start streaming a little bit before hand, but still. We need to stream the song on every possible platform; YouTube, Spotify, iTunes, Amazon music etc. If this is the same group if people who sold FNB stadium within a miniute, then why couldn't we be able to do this?  2)  This was planned a year ago, but this time we could easily do this. The second project is to stream drag me down, which as we can see is so close to 1 billion views, but story of my life isn't, so we will stream story of my life on July 18th (The last Sunday before the anniversary) and make the masterpiece number 1 on that day. I think non of the above are difficult tasks, but that's only if we spread the words. So kindly spread the words.  Copy and paste this, guys, believe me we can do it! I know we kinda planned it last time and fell short, but we can do it if we try harder   Guys July is approaching fast, we need to start invading all videos on the internet. Copy this on to your clipboard, and paste it onto all trending videos. Guys, seriously now, we have GOT to do this.  Btw I realise this is kinda unrelated, but idc this has to happen ❤♥️💛💙🖤❤💚🧡❤
We need a drag race between them
Please do a Toyota gr yaris vs Mercedes a class amg vs golf r
Hmmm i think it is better if you use the Honda Civic Type R to represent to Front Wheel Drives but i think it will not be fair to the others
Hi Matt, excellent video. Just small errors though on GR Yaris figs. Your vid says max 264 hp and 380 NM torque. It should be 260 hp (257bhp) and 360 NM. Best Wishes bud.
Yaris GR car I'd buy, Fiesta ST two a penny, BMW common as muck 😉👍. GR a special car.
Wow, 2 full minutes of commercial before the video starts! Awesome.   Note to self, do not watch any videos from this guy/channel.   👎  👎  👎
Mat, well if there was also a hyundai i30n
M2 CS is the best 🤪
More track battles pleasee
I'm a simple man, I see Fiesta ST, I click it PS* we dont have those down in Brazil 😭😔
Helmet 🤣🤣🤣😂😂
3 of my favourite cars at the moment 😍
When can we expect to see the i20n review ?
That Ford is bare ugly 🤢
2:41 :o
I love the yaris but too expensive for my budget
Blyton circuit?
Bit of Blyton park we could of called in for a look oh hang on.... 🙈
being 25 I feel the Fiesta ST is too young for me I need something like a VW or Audi now. The prices of the Ford are so cheap for what you get. Would anyone say get one even if I am nearly 26 lol?
Time to leave carwow Matt! What you think about doing only your own channel?
Tbh, I ll take the yaris, I know the M2 CS is one hell of a beast but 70k is also one hell of a check. But overall, all three cars are great. Good job Mat, you’re awesome,keep up the good work man ✌🏻
Please do a carwow or personal review on the M2 CS or Comp.... I'm dying to see one right
Toyota all day long...WRC car straight out of the show room.. 😎💯
This is what you should be doing on CarWow, instead of the never ending drags!
bmw is love
This is unfair race specially when your own car is on the track 😅
Good to see some on track stuff, beats the drag races hands down in my opinion.
Your driver technique commentary is entertaining and informative, thanks Mat!
This video is so much cooler than just drag races on an empty airport strip.
It would be interesting to see what the Yars can do with Cup 2s.
A thrilling battle that we can see which model can go beyond whatever fixed concepts for compact vehicles.
I think gr yaris can beat bmw m2 cs on some tracks  Gr yaris got good awd
I swear Ford need to step up they make very good performance cars but still behind the competition they need to bring back the rs range
👍🤓👍
So basic M2 is pretty much the same as toyota at the track
I love me some blyton park! favourite "small" track in the UK
Completely irrelevant, but a few months ago I was driving a ginetta around here in the heavy rain😂
8:02  Mat: Get that apex * Misses the apex * Mat: Yeees
Mini Cooper vtec VS golf 8 R
Wonder why no Civic Type R.🤔  I’m assuming because the fiesta st is a cheap entry point🤷‍♂️   The M2 CS is perfection - those seats are fantastic
Should have compared it to the type r. The fk2. I think that's the better type r in my opinion....
On such a short circuit, even a half a second difference is a lot !  btw, nice channel Mat!
2 seconds faster......£36,000 more...wow
GR Yaris vs Ford Focus RS please
Bla bla bla gr yaris
Like anyone is going to prefer FWD! The Fiesta in base model is the perfect hot hatch based on the price, performance and how practical it is. The Yaris just looks stupid to normal folk.
M2 is more than Fiesta + Yaris in Italy, makes no sense Yaris is almost like 2 Fiesta ST
Stereo. Shit.
The verdict is the more money you spend the better the car is
If the m2 is 75k why wouldnt you buy the m5 which is like 30k extra
This is more interesting than just drag racing and brake testing. You should give your assistants mics. They were a bit hard to understand.
Don’t forget the Mini Cooper 3.Gen!
DUDE U WERE 3 WHEELING!!!!! 2:41
M2 Automatic? UNSUBED!       jk
I’d take the gr Yaris and never look back. Then I’d buy an old estate car for times I needed more space to move shit. Limpet on wheels that Yaris and it’s 1000% a future classic
mat is the real stig
This genuinely is a fantastic review. Loved every bit of it, Matt you're by far one of the best car reviewers around
How old is matt
Matt, you really do seem like a guy that’d be great to have pint for the craic
Haven't driven the other 2 but own a fiesta st, it is good fun.
The Toyota is the best
Ok
For the price of the M2 you could get 2 x GR Yaris. One to beat the hell out of and enjoy and the other to put in cotton wool and watch it appreciate.
much more interesting videos rather than just a drag race
When a Ford fiesta costs 27k you know the world has officially gone mad 🙄
I would take all 3...these three cars are the best ones you can have💪
as a fiesta st owner, yaris gr every day!
Should have tested the comp instead of the CS although I believe the lap time wouldn’t be much different between the two. The BMW absolutely destroyed the Yaris lap time
I had Ford v Ferrari vibes with this video British Christian Bale, Mat Watson what’s the difference
That clutch smoke of the Yaris, in the launch ahahahha
Ah if only it was the FK8 Type R instead of the ST it would’ve been 3 of my current favourite small cars head-to-head(-to-head)!
Video starts at 2:00
2:41 😱
Loved my mk8 ST always made me smile
There will always be cars that are faster. That's why my favorite car here is the Toyota GR Yaris. The Yaris is 1/2 the weight and 1/2 the price of the BMW M2 CS. The Yaris is pure, more focused, and maintenance costs over time will be pennies compared to the BMW. Toyota has to fix the seat rails and they have to stop with the cheesy engine noise being pumped into the speakers. Other than these two things the GR Yaris is a flawless automobile.
I wonder if you can soon do a i20n vs fiesta st video thanks
F in chat for mark
You such a moroon comparing an fiesta st instead of the rs awd! You such a fanboy of that ugly ch-r yaris.👎👎
I would take both the GR Yaris and the M2!!  Awesome cars
From another video: because if you don’t buy the circuit pack your an idiot
2:41 : THE REAR WHEEL CAME OFF THE TRACK!!!
I'd take the Yaris, all day, every day.
Would you recommend the Yaris?
Would love to have seen your MX5 thrown into this mix
YEAH TOYOTA PAY WAY TOO MUCH !!
You just can't seem to be able to make a video without your boyfriend Yanni. Sad.
What are you waiting for to review the M2 cs? Wake up Matt, we want this for yesterday!
What helmet is that? I’m looking to get one of those.
These electronics were working hard on that BMW!
Almost forgot im not watching carwow😂
Mat's commentary is really great and fun but track footages are garbage.
Liked before I watched because I already know I’m gonna enjoy this content more than I should 🤣👌🏼🏁
Mat Watson cars 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Stop jizzing over the yaris when you have a M2cs at your hands, cmon Mat
Matt would rather a polo gti more then a fiesta st he is only interested in badge snobbery  fiesta st is more fun than yaris gr4 just admit it
Just kept imagining Alan partridge instead of mat this whole video.
Nice one
My ST never fails to make me smile every time i drive it.
You'll be joining the other Brummie on the Isle of man next, sorry I was born in Solihull 🤣🤣
Give me fiesta,pocket the money, upgrade breaks, remap,job done👍
Matt would you buy a Brand New Honda Civic Type R over a Used BMW M2 Compition?
Toyota for the win !   Rally car tech car for the street ✅
Getting my Fiesta ST Edition next week. I dont know but its quite a good deal compared to a standard ST. IF you like the color and wanted an proper suspension anyway.
Matt you are the best auto review person hands down awesome job man!!
Civic type r vs the new golf R on track would be nice to see. The golf R destroyed it on the drag strip. Can the type r take it on a circuit!?
I'll just make it shorter for your next vid. You could just say its a copy of clubhouse
so,  more money buys you more car, fascinating.
i20n review plssss
Do a review of the kia ev6 and the Ford mustang mach e please
Hey Mat, shut the hell up and let us listen to the engines and not your whining and excitement
Yaris ftw.
£27k for a Fiesta?! And people scoff at the price of the Yaris!
Awesome video! I don’t usually comment, but that was really enjoyable to watch!
Why very expensive small cars in UK
Fiesta ST: 200 BHP >< £27.000 GR Yaris: 264 BHP >< £33.000 BMW M2 CS: 450 BHP >< £75.000 At that price the bloody BMW should damn we'll come in 2 seconds ahead of the Yaris. Specs wise this car shouldn't even have been in that race, but no hating on Mat.
🔥🔥🔥
Where is the Honda Civic Type R??????
More track track videos like this please! I know they probably take longer to film, but breaks up the drag races.
That 3cyl. in the Yaris is a sign that something amazing will happen to the Supra...3+3=straight 6 cyl twin turbo 550 hp of pure Japanese Toyota.
My home state of New York is the only American state you always see randomly represented by ppl around the world.
I kinda wanna see how would my cheap mk2 stage2 ttrs match up against the new cars...
I genuinely didn't realise this wasn't a carwow video until the very end
The ultimate hot-hatch test: lifting the inside rear wheel on corners  Ford: perfect pass Toyota: passes but not as much  Good job both Ford and Toyota the GR Yaris and the newest Fiesta ST are certified hot hatchbacks
powaah
Good job,Mat! Love the live action on track! Awesome
Picking up a Yaris rather than an m2...... You guys joking right?
The fact that he wanted the yaris to win makes me question his ability to do a fair test, he isn't hiding his bias, seems like maybe that should be a little less subtle when presenting a supposed fair review.
😂😂 Matts disappointment the M2 was quicker.
more track battles please. this is more fun than drag races :)
When nearly the first two minutes are an ad and you need to skip to 1:56
"...now power, power, power"  A man of culture I see.
Top Gear got the Yaris to 60MPH in only 4.4 seconds!
Choked on my food when you said £27,000 for that fiesta 😳😂
Love this vid!!! Do more of them
The bmw was way out of the ford and toyota their league. They didnt stand a chance in every single way
Love the format and editing. Drag races on car wow and track battles on your own channel. Got the viewers locked.
Holala Mad Watson :)
Mat i wanna do your job and you do the talking i can do it for free too.
Good comparison Mat, the GR Yaris and Fiesta ST are two cars I want to own in the next few years
Great video Mat!!
That Yaris is as fast in a straight line as my tuned GTI with over 300hp
Finally a bmw video I can actually watch and not throw up!!!! lol
Good video and solid advice on the fiesta
Do race with m550i vs rs7 vs rs6 vs m5
Impressed how close the Yaris got to the M2 Comp. it’s amazing for the money
GRY is the Goldilocks of the bunch
Great driving Matt,  loved the video
3:09 thats the Hamilton line
I'd take the M2 as a manual
Mat is like a loud version of Stig
Matt is a hooligan on track🤣
Now do a comparison down a bumpy B road and see what comes out on top...
Oh god! That bloody Yaris is back again!  Matt what’s your deal with that little cockroach! 😂
GR Yaris ftw.
This is nice content keep it up Mat 👍
is this even necessary, we already know
Hey Mat! Please do more of this video! I love it! 👍🏻
Vw polo r wrc vs gr Yaris vs Ford Fiesta carwow
Good gob  mat
M2 if your a good driver and want to go quick,  Yaris GR if your not such a good driver and want it go quick  Fiesta if your a ok driver and you like to visit McDonald’s car parks and think your quick
Slow the pace down of your vids Mat 🙏🏼🤯🤯
please please try racing a Porsche 911 GT2 vs Tesla model s vs Lamborghini aventador
If I bought a Fiesta ST, I'd definitely upgrade the brakes if I was going to track it.
Great video, you should consider make trak laps insted of drag races. Your comments are more natural and we get feedback of the stearing, and brakes and also some great images! Congratulations!!
Isn't the M2 CS on pilot sport cup 2's which are about 1-2 seconds faster than pilot sport 4s's on the Yaris just because of the tyre?   So if the tyre is the same, the Yaris and M2 CS would have the same time roughly? I'm mightly disappointed by the M2 CS if that's the case.
What do you mean if you had the money. You ordered a tesla model S plaid + which is more expensive.
me: Noticing that this is isn't carwow after i finished the video
FINALLY! Something that's not a straight line drag race
Well done. Great video. I like this format.
0:17 why does this intro remind me of Doug de muro?
He even owns a Toyota Yaris, damn... How many car does he own?!
I’m not tryna be a fanboy but the M2 is definitely the best
Tesla Model S plaid delivery date??
Didn't expect to see this mat.... Loved the video..... Waiting for a running race between you and yianni🙏🙏
Matt loves drag races and 90% of the times, u know who’s gonna win Thanx to his car choice🤪😜
Impressive driving Matt.
No surprise that the most powerful, most expensive car was quickest 🤣😂 Should compare a rear wheel drive car with around 265BHP.
He's comparing a dual clutch 450 bhp M2 CS with GR Yaris which is half the horse power, manual and costs almost 1/3 of the price. Even then, if it was a manual BMW, things would've been close
So many ads in these videos..
Your videos are amazing BuT, CAN you plz film the car interior not your face? Tks!
I don‘t care about any of these cars but I still appreciate your verdict at the end.
Fiesta is just 3 secs behind the Yaris and 60hp down and no 4wd. Just shows you how competent it is. The standard is ST is the one to have though being far cheaper. It’s way more fun than the Yaris as well
Get this guy on top gear to replace Paddy!!!!
Why you didn't bring a ford focus rs
Fordddd is best than MAT
For how the Yaris has more power and is awd the fiesta really wasn't bad. Only a 3 second difference
Love the video. For the future battles maybe you could have a small view facing forward during the lap. Just a thought.
Why not the manual M2 ?
There u go, the difference between auto and manual
I'll post it here again till Mat sees:  My Mrs pointed out that Mat's Instagram is basically  'Ma Twats On Cars'  and I can't unsee it 😂😂😂😂
Type r
Professional hand timing!
Definitely the best video on the mat Watson car channel now. Love it.
Fiesta is crap on track
love the track reviews
Is it just me or Mat didn't mention the weight of the Fiesta? Would love a video of you and Yianni here. Possibly a wrap for the RS6 from a previous video you did with him?
Buy fiesta, (make it 4wd) add boost (engine swap if possible) change the brake and find good after market tail pipe (full system if you have more money 😂) put lot of stiker last thing put neon for underglown... There you have it my NFS:U2 car 😂😂😂
I think u really should’ve got the honda civic type r cause that’s a serious track car
Before watching i knew that BMW will win everything😉
I can think of better track cars then that Noddy mobile for that much money..
Love your content mate.
2:40  nice driving mat ,we can se rear whell is fly
so glad you finally remembered you have your own channel mate The best motoring journalist 👌🏻
everytime i wake up i get on YouTube to find carwow watch it everything else can wait its makes my day watching mat hes such an amazing inspiring car journalist
BMW M2 CS is a future Legend. No doubt about that.
Of course the Yaris GR
M2 🥱😪😴 Yaris GR 😍😍😍
Mat, why you aren't on the new top gear crew, I will never understand
Buy yourself a yugo
Obviously mr jww
Happy Easter everybody
Cheers Mat, excellent video. Best wishes.   :)
Gotta be the fiesta
I didn't realise that there were so many Indian viewers. Where are all my Indian viewers at??
The GR Yaris was just a few seconds faster than the fiesta - that just shows how good the fiesta actually is 😂
You very good and perfect in the drive👍
Fiesta definitely looked the most fun 😎
Personally I thought the Fiesta looked the most fun, popping it's back wheel up in the bends 😂
The jimny would win all these. Unless there's a Mercedes Actros
you should do a cart race with Super GT
Best video and useful until now ! 😁 Please keep it like this, with this type of comparisons and track days.
I PREFER THE REAR WHEEL DRIVE
Mat please do a drag race between BMW X6m vs AMG GLE 63 S 4MATIC+ Coupé pls 🥺
👌
Very surprised tjs BMW is that much faster than the Yaris. Who said that motor journalists are that bad at driving? 🤗
The track battle should have been Honda type R, Yaris GR, M2CS
When is the Plaid+ coming?
Hi Mat. I'm torn between two new cars, both of which I can get for roughly the same monthly premium and would like your opinion... Fiesta ST-2 or MINI JCW 3 door?.. Both Manuals. Both with Pan Roof.
BMW fanboy here you absolutely crushed it on the track
More like this!
Where's all the Fiesta fan boi's at this morning? Make sure you all tune into Top Gear tonight to see the GR alongside other classic homologation cars 💪
Shame it wasnt the M2C instead of the CS, times would of been much closer. The M2CS is one of the best BMW's in recent times
Maybe you should do only review on Carwow and drag racers on your channel?
Hey mat any updates on the jimny
M2 all the Way 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻👉🏻
So their we have it , Mat Watson can Drive round Corners 🤔 who’d have thought it .... Mat Watson kann ja um kurven fahren 👯‍♀️👯‍♀️👯‍♀️😆
The TTS Coupé would be interisting in comparison
You should do this type of videos more often!
Nice!
Finally some corners. That's how car should be rated
Brilliant Video...
Love this, please do more track. Battles
From Russia with love ✌️
Does mat read the comments or does he have someone else who reads and likes the comments.
Matt, I hope you can put in voting polls on the pop out banner. Lots of love!!!
love that gr yaris 😍😍😍
Can you post videos more often
I love the M2
Love your personal channel as well as Carwow 💪🏿. Just one advice on something that I saw, your eyes in the corner are a bit low and move up and down, don't forget to keep them high and look far and I'm sure you'll be a better driver 👍🏿
M2 all the way out of those 3
Hey Mat, great video! What track were you at?
Porsche GT3 RS vs Nissan Nismo GTR vs Mercedes AMG GTR
Got bored in the stereo ad so didn’t bother watching the actual video!
Stop putting BMWs in against lower spec cars. It is double the cost and over 100bhp more power. Its not comparible. It ruins the video. Apart from that....love both channels
What would you get mat the m2 , focus st or gr Yaris  My would be gr yaris
Great stuff, but a quick suggestion, when you do this again (yes, please do), can we have an onboard clip of a complete lap in each car being tested, like after you talk us through each car's behaviour on track. Would really enjoy that. Anyway, surprised how good the Fiesta for a quarter of the price of the M2 CS, which is a complete joke at that price. I know, "potential future classic" and all that, but you can have a used F90 M5 for that price, with 5 proper seats, the latest BMW interior and infotainment, along with 600hp.....
Wow the real definition of ford is found on road Dead 😂       this is a meme but this actually happeneds we find ford cars found on road Dead I swear
Weird that the most expensive car won.😜
Second hand Fiesta, upgraded the brakes, job done. Great road and track day car for the money
As an ST owner, i have to agree with mat, the standard brakes on the car aren’t the strongest or the most confidence inspiring.   Some EBC braided brake lines, J hook discs and Yellowstuff pads make a huge difference.   i reccomend that to any ST owner
Do an E63s vs M5 C Track battle please
I love your funny accent when you're reviewing. Love from Sri Lanka.
wtf is mph ?
When’s the next stereo broadcast?
Bmw m2 for me. Such a well balanced car, might be a bit biased to bmw... Need an F series vs G series review when then new 2 series comes out.
Mat when you going to race the X5comp 😪
BMW🍻😎
Mat when you going to race the X5comp 😪
Best car reviewer ever
Literally I was not a fond of car reviews until I found  Mat I guess back in 2015 he is simply a true car enthusiast.
I can feel tht how much You got enjoying on the track  ..!! Love you all way from INDIA🇮🇳🇮🇳!!💕💕
bmw 🔥🔥
Hey Mat could you please make a review from the Mercedes E53 sedan or coupe. That would be great. Thank you in advance. ✌️
Where's type R
My role model MATTHEW WATSON💯  love these kinda videos please do more of these.I will go crazy if u reply
Mat has got some serious driving Skills 👏
Brilliant video Matt, love the track battle mixed with the performance runs. Perfect mix of content for me!
My money was on the fiesta!!!
Please get an ariel atom in the mix
Happy Easter
Where is the stress in Mats life , well envious. Brilliant jobMat.
FUN: 1. BMW 2. FORD 3. TOYOTA  RELIABILITY: 1. TOYOTA 2. FORD 3. BMW
Finally a proper race !! 🙌🙌
This was heavily edited. Mat is not professional driver and it is so clear in this video.
Hi
A Mini similarly priced to the Yaris should of been there instead of the Fiesta although there’s a 2l Focus similarly priced or a 2nd hand low mileage RS at £25000...
Mat was dissapointed to hear that he was the fastest in BMW😁
hello
Can you please review the new Leon cupra 245 /300 non hybrid .
This is cool mat
Man, I just love your job‼️ Keep up the good work 💪✌️
75k for that little beemer what a joke, worlds gone mad
Great  and funny, very entertaining
Watched first 20 seconds and my guess is that Yaris will win in  Mats head😁
Should of used the focus st, would of been better matched on specs 👍🏻
0:30 This is how u need to advertise something.
Just wondering how nice it would be  to have an Alpine A 110 with Mitsubishi Evo 9 engine and running gear
More vids like this please. Much better than drag races.
Min 9:10 - 20.000 vs 30.000 vs 70.000 euros 😂
You should have used a lotus exige instead, it would be closer to the GR yaris performance wise. Not twice the power and larger displacement. 😉 and maybe a honda civic type R instead of the fiesta
That was. a really good video Matt love to see more of those track head to heads
Yota all the way
BM is obviously gonna win
Before I even watch. Who in their right mind would choose a Yaris or Fiesta over a BMW M2 CS. Arguable the best BMW on sale today...
I20N vs Fiesta ST
Matt should be on top gear
27 grand for a fiesta!? Oof
Thought this was a carwow vid lol
WRAP YOUR JIMMNY IN YANNIES GARAGE
Bro the m2 will eat them alive
3:15 Jeremy Clarkson has joined the game
I am the 69th like. Noice.
Imagine Mark is watching this
When you find out the M2 is the auto version 🙄🙄
Hi Mat Watson, you are the best driver! Compliments!
Nice to see your at Blyton park 🤪 love that track
Good on ya mat
Which do you prefer? All-wheel-drive, rear-wheel-drive or front-wheel drive? Let me know below. And don't forget to listen to my next show with Yianni on Stereo here: https://stereo.com/u/r21686FPvo0jZ21
The winner is obvious because of yesterday video.  Terms of performance of course
Are you the stig!
We love you Mat and also your German accent.
Классный шлем Мэт.
Dang the fiesta went on 3 wheels for a second around those corners
Should've been GR yaris vs mk8 GOLF R Vs Megane RS Vs RS3 Vs I30 N Vs Civic Type R
M2cs
Mat, did you wear the helmet for safety in "those" cars or for recording audio?
I think the best of the 3 is the Toyota GR Yaris,  NEEDED IN INDIA
Lots of love Mat you’re doing great job best car reviewer of the world❤️
Please do a carwow or personal review on the M2 CS or Comp.... I'm dying to see one
Matt the racing driver!
First
2nd viewer😍
Very nice cars
SPEED AND POWWER SOLVES MANY THINGS
Please give me a heart🥺
First comment matt i and we love you please reply to me 🥰
First
Good cars
First😎😎
1st
2nd
Literally first lmfaoaaoaooaa
Hi I love your vids
Oof
