Hey guys, obviously me asking for help with likes/comments has worked. If you wanna keep helping me out, leave a like and a comment on this video! I'm endlessly grateful, insane work guys.
12:33 😂😂😂😂😂
Leaves from the vine. Falling so slow. Like tiny, fragile shells. Drifting in the foam.  Little soldier boy, Come marching home. Brave soldier boy, Come marching home.
10:11 to 10:15 sped up 2x sounds so funny to me
Jesus loves you he loves you so much that he died for us and when you are sad when you are at your lowest point he is with you he is weeping with you he loves his creations and you are his greatest masterpiece, give your heart to him and you will have eternal life and will never know grief and sadness in heaven
7:49 I can't tell what the first few words, but it ends with "i'm a little nervous, yes"
2:47 you arent getting away with saying rocky relationship dude that was too weird not to be an earthbending joke
11:22 Iroh calls Zuko a prince.
2:51 do you think Toph and Katara have a... ROCKY RELATIONSHIP!?
7:55 I heard "oh party senpai im a little nervous" so thats not it
3:56 autism definitely is helping my chances of being a metalbender
I have to stop myself from sobbing at irohs song. And i dont usually cry, if i do its a few tears
Man....
I'm surprised you didn't mention that a couple of lines in Iroh's tale are voiced by the second VA, not Mako.
Fuck mai. I hope zuko went back to ba sing se and married Jin.
I DIDNT EVEN WATCH THE EPISODE THIS TIME AND IROH STILL MADE ME CRY WHAT THE HELL
The guy with the knife in the tale of iroh , is also seen in a shot from “the city of walls and secrets”
Coming back to this after finding out Jin is the main character of her own novel now.
I always cry with Iroh's story. He reminds me of my grandpa in nearly everything.
There is no cabbage merchant in Ba Sing Se
Just the end of the song Iroh made makes me cry
3:08 I think she gets happy because toph can tell katara isn’t lying so she knows she is either beatifull or at least katara thinks so
7:05 huh is this a joke? there a running gag about the cabbage guy losing all his cabbage, it happens like 5 times maybe more in the show; at this point he doesnt even care. thats the joke. edit 7:28 THATS THE CABBAGE MAN! Did it delete itself from your brain wtf?
7:55 “oh are you ready yet? Im a little nervous yes” thats what I heard
I'm watching the show with my wife. In her 30 years she's never seen it before, she's amazed by it and often says "How is this a kid's show?!" It's so much fun to kind of experience it again for the 1'st time through her eyes. We're almost at book 2 and I really am excited when she sees this one. There is around a 99% percent change she will see me cry at the Iroh part, it's so damn well written. And after having a lil one, this kind of thing hits hard.
7:26 ita the cabbage guy
@5:54 im fairly certain those might be the exact same tree on a hill with a light Zig Zag in the center with for core branches out bound
7:55 what they show you on those ghost hunting tv shows
You always have good takes on this show, very fair and balanced. I can respect your headspace. But I really do feel like, even though this may not be THE best episode, it's certainly top 10 out of a loooong line of great episodes. For me personally it's honestly top 5, it just does so much for the characters, it pulls you in and sits you down even deeper than before, concreting itself as a living world. And not just for Irohs story, though being a massive highlight, in the high energy that this show delivers, it's really nice to get a moment to breathe, and see that tiny little slice of everyday life, even for the brief moment we get.  I love this episode, and I love this "overanalyzing" thing you've come up with, the whole way through I'm seeing things I never had before, and likely never would. I appreciate seeing this show through this perspective, and I hope you feel a sense of pride, knowing you've shown others a light they may have otherwise never found. Great work 🤟
I like how the cabbage merchant literally goes,"oh forget it" instead of finishing his line since this is the last the we see him. Also I legitimately thought he was in way more episodes but he's only in 4, the king of omashu, the waterbending scroll, the serpents pass and the tales of ba sing se. Idk if that's wild to anyone else but I always felt like the gag was in every other episode for a while and made like 10 total appearances but only 4 and he's this iconic, bravo to the cabbage merchant.
You'd think everyone in the lower ring would know about the war since that's where all the refugees are placed
The part of Zuko and Jin was the first scene I ever saw in Avatar, when I was randomly switching channels. I didn't know the context, and even the cartoon it was in, and after an ad break, I lost the series for years. Good thing I came back to this peak. It was stupid of him to light it up  but don't we all act foolish when in love?
Who put these onions here
I just realized the girl Zuko goes out with when she asked him out her eyes were green the rest of the time they’re brown
7:56 blah blah blah I'm a little nervous is what i hear
I feel legends of Korra did the wrong thing with bringing back Iroh seeing how sad he was at his dead son's birthday and how much he would also miss zuko.
They named a character in Korra after iroh’s voice actor
I noticed in the Sokka story that rhyming in english is easy, since the 99% of the words in english are monosyllabic. How do the syllables work in english? I mean, how many syllables does the word "stop" have, for example? One or two? Is the "s" one syllable.
9:15 Jin is voiced by Marcella Lentz-Pope at a very young age actually! nowadays some of you may know her for voicing female Corrin from the Fire Emblem series in every game she appears in!
I’m having a hard time holding my tears, stupid copy right bot 😢
Maybe Toph couldn't tell the girl was lying because she just got her feet cleaned?
This guy is detailing bender😂
Aang isn't grounded (Feet on ground) while establishing the walls of the animal pig pen outside of BaSingSe. Mf on a ball of air and isn't grounded. Is it something that only theAvatar can do?! What does it mean!? I'm having an existential crisis. I cannot unsee Aang not being grounded while Earth Bending. HALP
W
I know i'm tired because i'm watching a three year old video late at night and just "TOPH BAG CONTINUITY" has me crying laughing at the moment!
8:34 Hey, hold on. HER SECOND LINE IS MISSING A SYLLABLE! "In fall, the clean plum drops" is only 6 syllables! So what they get on Sokka's ass for adding an extra but her forgetting one is okay? Biased ass haiku ladies.
I think the difference in Toph's mentality on her makeup was that one was a mission and one was for herself
You deciding to make your own running gag out of this shows main running gag is one of the best things about this series 😂
2:49  I see what you did there
I like that the tales occur at different points in the day (with exceptions for the funeral and Jin asking Zuko out).  Morning, mid-morning, afternoon, evening, night, late night.
I think Iroh's song is meant to be a common kids lullaby in the Fire Nation sung to boys, like he did earlier to the crying kid in the episode, probably something he sang to Lu Ten when he was a boy too. From 100 years of war it must be so ingrained in their culture with every son being raised to be a soldier and so many of them dying young. Really easy to understand how he became disillusioned and sick of it all.
Jin is voiced by Marcella Lentz-Pope who voices Corrin from Fire Emblem
I love that iroh is actually singing out of time with his accompaniment — it symbolizes the way he is held back, ever so slightly lagging as he carries the weight of his loss
3:13 toph can say if katara lies   That means a lot to her  because she is saying the truth
I think zuko lied by saying nice  He said what Iron wanted to hear
11:19
@12:15 prob some animals that aang lost track of when he freed them before mamking the zoo
@3:18 same bro, same
She just probably wasnt pay atention 1:20
I honestly feel like if I was able to bend any of the elements it would be air, not because I would be able to fly or because I'm being able to suffocate people or anything. I feel like my personality matches the closest with the mentality of air bending
What's the song at 7:13 called?
Pie
When the sand benders emptied out the saddle, they just threw the stuff on the ground. I assume the Gaang later found their stuff.
1:24 i feel like lie detection would be something you kind of have to pay close attention for
Omg the girl who voiced Jin also voiced Kindred in LoL. (the lamb only)
Lmao when the iroh part came up I went ahh here we go and not 4 seconds later you said the same thing lmao, tis a natural reaction to the saddest episode in the show
In my mind "The Tale of Iroh" is the most impactful moment in all of fiction. Him crying to me is sort of like seeing your dad cry when you're younger, someone who in your mind is so infallibable showing emotions and being vunerable is devastating but it's a life beat we all have at some point. Iroh is so human and I hope that I can eventually have even just a fraction of his character.
1:09, OK, here are my two cents: The "girled up" version of Toph from the previous episode was more in the spirit of a costume, aka not taken seriously, whereas this was more accepted from within, if you are catching my drift!
I’m just going to say it, Jin and Zuko were infinitely better than Mai and Zuko ever were.
Man you don’t really see how bad the animation is sometimes 😂
I've always wanted to say this but I usually forget. It's about the full moon and to be honest when I was learning about it I was pretty shocked to find out that a full moon happens once a month. Where I come from it can last up to a week
he HAVE seen the Cabbage merchant before
Love this video, made me notice if Ang can understand momo, why didn't momo show Ang where Appas footprint was located. :)
I think the whispering is "Are you angry with him or just nervous?" I hear "oh? are you angry with him or the Nervousness"
"Katara and Toph has had a pretty rocky relationship" Sokka: AH! AHAHA! I told him to say that!
Man, there's this desire to see more of Jin and Zuko, just because the Tale of Zuko was the way it was. I'm tossing it in my head right now. Having that opportunity closed off by Zuko's un-betrayal makes it more significant -- Zuko buries a chance to truly live a new life because of his desire to satisfy his exploited sense of honor. Though if, somehow (no idea how this could fit timewise into the story but we're just having fun with the structure of storytelling) Jin and Zuko could still talk after the events of Lake Laogai, that could make for an even stronger un-betrayal.
kinda managed to under analyze jin's massive knockers
I would like to think that the mugger turned his life around after his talk with iroh.
8:05 I can hear “I am a little nervous” at the end
3:15 you have some funny line reads, but that one has gotta be up there with my top 5 favorites.
Not even 30 seconds in and we’re talking about feet. Nice
9:22 Apology accepted
7:14 kinda goes hard ngl
saw tale of iroh and went aww shit im bouta cry
Jin will always be the best girl to me. She's cute, she's confident. She got that pazass
Btw aang is shaving his head the wrong direction here. If you use a single edge blade (presumably that's what he's using here not unlike a straight razor) you're supposed to pull your scalp down from the forehead and shave from the crown towards the frontal region. If you've never shaved with a razor that isn't the cartridge variety you might not know you have to pull the skin taught when you shave.
Dude even watching this recap of the episode makes me nearly tear up
7:35 thats simultaneous air and earth bending without the assistance of the avatar state. (Also technically a case of earth bendind without touching the ground) not only that but the movement and resulting wave of a wall looks like a water bending move. "Subtle power increase" doesnt do it justice.
I thought you would have analyzed iroh bringing out his inner child by telling the kids this is a time to run after they broke the window, and then running away with them. You are slipping buddy
the cabbage guy was also present at the ba sing se border checkpoint theres a hole lore behind him actually
this ep is so cryable, momo's and iroh's tales
1:20 Toph can only tell if someones lying if she actually concentrates on it, so this probably vaught her off guard
This video had the WORST ad breaks of the series. One plays RIGHT on the sad note of Leaves on the Vine and also as Zuko kisses Jin. GAH
I like that Iroh does not give a damn about trying to hide his fire bending when he lights the candle things. It's such a real moment. A moment laced with such emotion that the war, division, anything, simply doesn't matter to him. It's such a real moment, where even if someone saw him use fire bending, their common sense would likely kick in to allow Iroh to have this moment to himself. I feel like the viewers understand and feel this, i'm just trying to put it into words.
I stand by my claims. Should’ve been Zuko and Jin. No offense to Maiko shippers ofc.
At 10:50ish about zuko being a fire bender. I know it’s a children’s show but I wonder how many half race children there would be, whether the mother necessarily wants it or not. How many earth bender women would have given birth to fire venders over the last 100 years
Bruh the cabbage merchant is like in every episode.
Justice for jin
The end has you smiling then crying and it is so strong
5:15 lu ten was grown up and in his 20's because he was a soldier
Best episode in my opinion
I can't watch the Iroh part of this episode anymore, despite being my favorite of them all.   It hits me too hard and too deeply. I cry every damn time.
As soon as the Iroh's tale title came up someone through a bunch of dirt in my eyes... IM NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
3:55 If I could choose to be any bender in real life, it'd choose a firebender. I need a cool party trick! Not to be a powerful bender, like most people say in this moment.
10:02  yue likes giving her people a power boost.
i have a love and hate relationship for iroh tale
I wish we got a similar style episode at the Northern Water Tribe
8:16 BARS STRAIGHT FIRE 🔥
The moon flower section of the tale of Iroh strikes me as a euphemism for conception given how the rest of the story progresses thematically.
I don't understand why zuko shot fireballs. Haven't we established that at least some firebenders can generate fire remotely. Entire walls of it actually. Surely zuko can create the tiny spark necessary to light an oil lantern a few feet away. How do the 2 first princes (Iroh/zuko) not get taught remote fire generation
The tale of toph and katara happens right before the dance of the previous episode
7:55 I’m so late but what I hear the girls saying is: “oh by the way, I am a little nervous” and then the other girl responds “yes.” But does anyone hear something else? 🤠
*Aang:*    Zuko told me what you did. Or what you didn't do, I guess. I'm proud of you. *Katara:*    I wanted to do it. I wanted to take out all my anger at him, but I couldn't. I don't know if it's because I'm too weak to do it or because I'm strong enough not to. *Toph:*    What about those mean girls in Ba Sing Se you drowned? *Katara:*    I bet they looked really pretty at their funerals, lmfao.
2 years old but wanted to add for the lie detecting thing: toph would have needed a base for how the girls talked truthfully before she could deside whether or not they were lying-- but also yeah shes in a group, walking, and typically when she lie detects she is very close to the person talking.
I stand by the fact that Zuko has the best character arc in fiction. Change my mind.
The detail that the first lu ten burial tree was dead, but in ba sing se it's got leaves, and I love how it symbolizes irohs grief and acceptance  I also like in Toph and kataras tale that at the end when katara reassures toph, toph would've been able to tell that katara wasn't lying or just being nice, but it's obvious that katara wasn't lying, and I'm sure that made toph feel even better
The cabbage merchant follows them everywhere we see that cabbage merchant everywhere he is the my cabbages guy that’s why he gets this joke also he cabbage bends and is evil
Katara and Toph's relationship ain't rocky... it's muddy.
Me every time: I'm sure I can handle The Tale of Iroh this time Also me every time: tearbending  In fact tonight I already started tearbending the first time he sang it.
You can actually guess that Zuko would do something stupid/shy away because his tail starts with us seeing his scar and that always tells us how his choices will go
The moon continuity is obviously Yue doing her best to make the water tribe stronger during the war. She’s doing her best to give the water benders a power boost every night, stop maker her feel bad for it!
7:17 Maybe it's Roku with the backing track
3:17 - yup - every time
2:06 the place where they’re walking looks like the same place in the roku flashback where his friend couldn’t ask out that girl he liked
0:38 i wonder, did someone on the team suggest this, and after animating it, realize how funny it was and kept it in? It is funny either way.😂
I think the difference between Toph’s attitude towards being pretty this episode versus last episode is that this time she’s genuinely enjoying it rather than just doing it to get into the party last episode
Those "cows" look dead-on like oryxes to me, a real animal
Long Live Mako. 🕊️
Toph and Katara may have had a rocky relationship, but this episode helps show that that's all water under the bridge
3:55 damn bro you didn’t have to do us like that😭
Man fuck this episode, making me cry years ago, now my kids cry years later
10:50 sometimes I wonder if in this shot, he's thinking of Mai. I have no backing to this whatsoever, but considering how fast they get together (back together?), it doesn't seem out of the realm of possibility this is why he never sees Jin again, on top of her significant position in his arc that makes him question himself.
leaves from the vine...🥲
I was watching this for the first time and had a brain fart when Iroh lit the tapers--I was like "how the heck does pinching them light them?"--before remembering "Oh, yeah, he's literally a firebender."
Rest in peace Mako (first voice actor of iroh)😢
10:35 the girl probably knows hes a fire bender
7:45 that girl is an actual cancer patient. her wish was to be on her favorite show. im pretty sure she was credited in this episode too
6:16 Mako is the name of the second voice actor of Iroh. and now that im thinking ab it, they also recycled the name into Korra. small cute details
The last part of the whispers is "im a little nervous yes"
if you don't always start crying during the song from iroh then you are ethier a soul human or not a human at all
Zuko lighting those lanterns was super reckless, but honestly so touching
I hate this show for introducing jin and then having zuko still end up with emo tits 😑😂 jin was way to likable.
1:51 Where does the piece of bridge go?
This episode actually has a great scene in it where Sokka enters an Haiku contest, and he loses cause he has the misconception that "Haikus must always rhyme". Haikus do not need to rhyme to be Haikus. Haikus have 3 lines with a 5, 7, 5 syllable structure. It is the art of fitting your feelings into an 17-syllable microcosm. By adding "Rocka" he overextended the syllable count of 17 and lost.
The girl commenting on Tophs makeup wasn't lying. She truly thought that Toph looked good and was envious.
Loved this
RANDOM CABBAGE MERCHENT? HOW DARE YOU
It's just absolutely impossible not to get your eyes wet during this episode. Iroh's and Momo's tales are too beautiful and heart-wrenching.
9:00 I think Iroh is probably just as paranoid about being found out as Zuko, he just plays it cool.
The mean girls toph and katara faced and the girls giggling at Sokka are all voiced by Tera Strong, a very prolific voice actor.
12:17 zero, nothing bad happens in ba sing se
Did you know the text on iroh son roughly translates to “to general iroh: see you after we win the war. Your loyal son” idk if its true tho
did he seriously say hes never seen  the cabbage merchant
I will never forgive Zuko nor this show for fumbling my best girl Jin like that
7:35 Forget permits! That’s FARMLAND
people underrating how sad momo's story is too
3:38 is it just me, or is Greg Baldwin the voice actor for this specific scene where Iroh gives advice to the kids playing the earthbending ball game? For those who don’t know, Greg Baldwin was Mako’s replacement.
i like how literally everyone has the same reaction when the Iroh short starts
Toph and Katara having a... ROCKY RELATIONSHIP - you deserve to get called out on that! 😄
to be fair to toph, being dressed like a porcelain doll is a lot different than just putting on some makeup. shes not being forced to be a "high class lady", shes just casually getting pampered with her friend. shes allowed to be herself and do what she wants. you feel a lot more comfortable with your own femininity when its your choice, and youre surrounded by people that actually care about you as YOU, and wont force you to be the perfect girl.   if its not obvious, im speaking from experience lol. femininity isnt really a choice for a lot of girls. theres a lot of pressure to be the pinnacle of beauty that isnt really there for guys.
The Tale of Iroh always make the North Pole episodes hit a little harder. Iroh is so emotional about the thought of losing Zuko, he can't handling that pain again
The reason I don’t think took caught she lying is because the girl wasn’t lying, it was the setup to an insult that the girl definitely believed.
The amount of people who claim this cartoon has filler, and worse yet, the amount of people who have gaslit themselves into believing Tales of Ba Sing Se is filler makes my brain melt
This is FILLer not filler. It’s a great way of highlighting character traits from day to day minutia
Toph uses her feet to see so imagine someone coming up to you and starting to scrape the layers off your eyeballs. I'm surprised that lady isn't dead
Everyone talks about how sad Iroh's tale is, but honestly Momo's gets to me the most. He's trying to find his friend. It sort of reminds me of how one of my cats acted after his brother died.
This episode of the girls getting dressed to to explore both sides of their life would NEVER be done today. Feminine traits are taboo for characters these days.   If you don’t believe me. They removed it from karats in the live action Netflix
this comment is 2 years late but as a girl both Katara and Toph getting the same poorly done makeover at the spa was, imo, a great detail. Often makeup artists just do a copy paste makeup look that doesn't compliment anyone's features, I found it weirdly relatable. Like yeah we dont look good, but we are just doing girly things 🩷
Did anyone else get a bjt freaked when Toph points out she doesn’t actually know what Katara looks like?   That always stuck with me for some reason.
"Chittering monkey, in the spring he climbs treetops, and thinks himself tall." Bars 🔥
Fun fact, the same girl in 7:44 is actually a fan who at the time was suffering from cancer. So she wished to be in Avatar or meet the Avatar cast so she was pit in this scene. (Don't worry she recovered)
The tale or iroh is amazing and beautiful, and everyone loves it.... but the best few minutes in the entire show... idk about that cheif.
Sometimes I think about Jin; and wonder if she’s doing ok after Lee vanished and Ba Sing se fell.   I dunno; it’s such a weird thing, but I think it’s a testament to Avatars character writing that I still kinda think about Jin. She’s realistic in the sense that we all meet really charming and cool people in our lives, but we can never develop a deeper relationship with them due to circumstances. And sometimes you stop and wonder how that person is doing?
Notably, since Toph can tell lies, that's probably why she took Katara's compliment as readily as she did.
12:13 I believe the technically term is pygmy pumas. And really, they don’t seem to be any larger than a house cat, so I’d probably only be worried about them taking babies, maybe toddlers.
5:47 That’s kind of strange. At the time of Lu Ten’s death he was second in line to the throne, after his father, so you’d think his body would have been returned to the Fire Nation and given a royal burial.
3:41 Also, the boy next to Iroh’s left shoulder looks exactly like an older version of the toddler Iroh sang to in the previous scene.
3:39 This scene is Greg Baldwin’s first appearance as Iroh, and iirc his only one in Book 2.
I think the difference between toph getting dolled up in last episode vs this episode is in this episode she was doing it for fun rather than to get into the party
I can imagine that when Iroh went to the Spirit World, he went through something similar to what Scrooge did. Was visited by 3 spirits who showed him past, present, and then the future of his life if he keeps going down the path he was heading to. But after that, he changed his mind and started to look into more wisdom
"Toph and Katara have had a somewhat rocky relationship to this point-"  did Sokka feed you that line backstage?
Seeing Uncle Iroh cry the first time broke my kid heart. It was like watching a father figure be vulnerable for the first time. Gawd that shit hurts.
aang wasnt grounded when he made that wall, he was on the air scooter, so theres another case of earthbending being used mid-air
I would be a earth bender tow Throw Giant Rocks at People And Throw Sand in people's eyes Earth Bending Forever
Baker Street at 7:13 I'm fucking dying lmao
Oh Jin, you lost to the dullest relationship. #JusticeforJin
Isn't Lu Ten's portray based of Mako himself? That's even sadder
2 scenes of this show without fail make me well up and it’s the “come marching home” song and “you muzzled appa?!” Scene
Something I really love about Zuko kissing Jin is that he goes in for another after she does it. The first one was earned through him being nice with her by lighting the square, and the second, in my eyes, was him being even more nice by kissing her back.   Jin really liked Zuko, and I believe she could overlook if he was a firebender. Not because if she said anything to the police that she could get brainwashed or something, but rather he used it for her.
3:54 WRONG! I would be a swamp person. In the swamp. With LEAF UNDERWEAR!!!!
The bitchy voice actress was Tara Strong. I can hear her from a mile away
7:25 the cabbage merchant
funfact to the girl thats cat got cought in the zoo, she had a last wish to visit the studio. the avatar animators and some va's showed up, gave her a line and designed the char after her. she had cancer and this was supposed ger testament, bonus fact, she survived and beat it.
7:54 First time watching this video with his headphones on. I can definitely make out one of the girls saying "...I'm a little nervous." at the end of the murmurs
6:47 Ohhh so that's why they decided to move all animals at once. I always wondered why they didn't move them one by one.
Everybody always talks about Iroh's story but I found Aang's story so hearwarming, sad and funny
And this is the first time we hear iroh's new voice actor. Albeit only one scene.
WE SEE AIR BENDING SPORTS WDYM WE DONT SEE ANYTHING ELSE FROM IT 3:40
Jesus loves you all, seek a relationship with God through His Word to find true fulfillment <3
What's the song at 7:12?
I wonder what the world would look like if iroh didn't lose his son
Id want to be an airbender. Just being able to fly seems like enough to me, even if it is with a glider or a sky bison. Also cool vape tricks. Like gandalf levels of smoke tricks.
I just noticed a great detail in Iroh's story. The crying child he consoles is crying because he misses his father. He's alone with his mother in the market and he's holding a doll of an earth nation soldier. An incredible subtle layer for Iroh who is dealing with feelings of missing his son.
When Katara calls Toph beatiful, Toph would be able to sense that she's not lying to make her feel better, she truly believes what she said.
The best part of the series is watching Zuko fumble an absolute 100/10 chick
I wonder if thats what Appa hears when Aang blows into the bison whistle. Also, I tear up everytime I watch the Story of Iroh.
You forgot to include regular cat
When iroh is disarming the robber he flips the knife a bunch as a sort of emote to show he is not to be messed with he was so fast with the knife you couldn’t perceive it 😂
this episode is like the movie up everyone says its amazing because there is a really good bit at the start, or avatar bein tale of iroh
zuko is such a deep character and his arc is amazing its up there with vegteta and many other great villains turned hero
It's not like Katara was lying about Toph
7:57 sounds like a really quick “oh, are you ready? I’m a little nervous”
Iroh is a wizard with knifes
Haha rocky relationship hahah that's a good one! - ember island players Sokka
0:17 Is your name Quentin by chance?
2:47 More like a muddy relationship... I'll be here all night.
I think the murmuring says "a party maybe. I'm filled with nervousness" but I'm not sure. I slowed the video down and listened to it a few times, but I'm still unsure.
Toph wasn't able to tell the girl was "lying" when making fun of her because the reason she's able to detect lying is because she can sense their guilt... The girl felt no guilt, and even if Toph knows its not true, insults can hurt because they are spoken with the _intent_ of disrespect and judgement. Plus, she's blind, so she really doesn't know what she looks like... For all she knows, the girl could actually think she looks like a clown.  I think in any other situation Toph would not have given a crap... However, this is the first time she's ever felt good about herself for being girly. To go out of your comfort zone and actually be content, only for someone to judge you because of it can be very disheartening.
All the snippets of this are great, and breaking up the story was just a nice way to focus on each character. It's always been among my favorites. Also a fairly necessary episode to break up the tension before the final season push.  Re: Aang and the zoo - multiple issues, how does the keeper access the exhibits? Hopping walls? How tough will it be to remove the pets? Will the city fund food soon enough? What about the lost farm land, who owns that? Is it even considered worth visiting after the excitement wears off considering how far away the zoo is from the central city? Do the animals know about the war? Is it 50/50? How the hell does Toph manage all that hair?
9:04 Ive never ever had a girl straight up ask me out, and never while looking at me like that, why even live.
2:58 hit me so much harder when i realized that toph started to blush when she sensed katara was telling the truth.
Just realized when Katara called Toph "pretty", Toph most likely sensed she was telling the truth, which just makes this moment even sweeter
Love this series
With Toph, I think she was in such a good mood that she let her guard down and just took what she was told at face-value.
Toph couldn't tell she was lying because she was calm about her approach. There was no need for stressful lying to protect yourself or your image, just kids being assholes to each other.
The girls are whispering "nobodys angry" and "I'm nervous".
7:30 I dont think it's ever been shown, but I'm pretty sure this breaks avatar rules? The avatar can bend all elements, yes, but only in avatar state they can bend more than one element at a time. Unless the ball is just perfectly moving without being bent
Really late compared to the video, but at like 1:50 when they do this, I feel like this is a perfect analogy for the "Water under the bridge" saying. Toph throws them down, meaning it is "water under the bridge" where they are, aka she doesnt care about their opinion, which she also says later in tears. But then Katara goes "nah thats not enough" and throws these girls away, so they're even less than water under the bridge. Which is reflected right after, when toph goes to say she doesnt care and katara says she's pretty even if she doesnt care. Pretty cool little detail
Not me rewatching overanalyzing over and over again… 😅
the face Iroh makes looking at that Giant is killing me I completely forgot about that Scene LMAOO
I always wished Zuko and Jin got together in the end
Best episode in the series. This episode cemented this show as one of my favorites of all time. Although I also agree with your “best 5 min of the series” take as well. This one just fleshes out the characters so well
In africa I've seen people treat cheetas like house cats. when you grow up around them like that, I don't think they're seen as all that much of a threat.
Fun fact, Greg Baldwin actually voices the segment where Iroh talks to the young boys playing soccer. The rest of the episode is voiced by Mako, but that one little minute is Greg Baldwin for some reqson
To me Irohs one line in his flashback hits harder than the whole tale of iroh
Hearing Mako cry hurts me every time.
Damn Zuko really did fumble the baddie fr fr
I’ve always hated this episode. The community has ruined the iroh scene by turning it into a competition for who can be the most hyperbolically sad about it, Aang’s story is pointless, Sokka’s story is amusing but also pointless, Zuko acts like a moron, Momo’s story could have been two minutes worth of scenes in a real episode, and Toph’s/Katara’s scene is pointless and they look like ridiculous with their painted whore makeup jobs
OOOOOH! you cant get that one past me. 2:50. "rocky relationship!" LMAOOOOO
I became a dad almost two years ago and I love my kids to death.  The tale of Iroh means so much more to me now and I'm so grateful I can be the father figure my children need and watch them grow up to be fully realized adults.
12:17 There are no missing children in ba sing se
Also for the haikus, they usually include a word signifying the season (such as fall) and a kigo- a word that marks a shift in subject or tone
I’d argue that Toph saying “I feel girly” in this episode is because she got to treat herself with Katara vs when she dressed up for the role at dinner. The role she was forced to always play, that’s not really her but this is something she had a say over and let herself just  be “girl” which she may never have experienced.
Iroh IS THE FUCKIN BEST
WHY ARE THE ADS ON THIS VIDEO SO TARGETED?!?? "Brave soldier boy comes marching home." Ya boy starts tearing up. BOOM. Better Help ad. Jin kisses Zuko. BOOM. Bumble ad.
Man if Jet just waited a little bit longer he would have got his evidence. Smart writing to have him thrown in a blacksite before this episode though
This is the best episode during the period without the bison. I don't know how to spell his name.
I wanted to throw up when I ate breakfast while watching the snot nosed kid.  All that is forgotten when Iroh sings by the tree. As a man I don't shed tears often but this one hits me evertime.
Why were you studying her toes so hard lmao?
I thought slug when toph did that mud face
IMHO Jin was a very interesting character, & would of loved to of seen her more in the show TBH
I think the murmuring in the sokka episode was, “are you ready” “I’m a little nervous”
Why didn’t Zuko say he was a knife thrower? he probably could do it
Damn suki was in jail for a FAT min
The lyrics to Iroh's song:  Leaves from the vine Falling so slow Like fragile tiny shells Drifting in the foam Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Comes marching home
Aang earthbends without touching the ground (7:35)
About Toph bag continuity, there's a very real possibility that after The Desert, sandbenders took them back to the oasis. There is also a possibility that Toph left her bag at the oasis for some reason. Even if it makes no sense, there is a conceivable way that Toph keeps her bag for Ba Sing Se.
It's sad how much more chemistry Zuko has with Jin as opposed with Mai.
Woah no mention of the super dope animation with zuko and the girl before they arrive at the fountain? This is one of my favorite animations moments in the whole series that isn't a battle
Man, the beginning is some true Tarantino shit
Is Lu Ten cooler in our imaginations? Or would you like the high risk high reward situation of a spin off show/short of him?
Comment
Do you think toph didnt notice the lying cause her guard was actually down for a moment. She was happy so she didnt focus on sensing as much. Like when you get diatracted by the sky or stars and you snap out of it like....  Where the hell am i?
I was surprised you didn’t comment on the “in honour of mako” text
Katara may have taken it too far but those girls did have it coming. I mean, imagine insulting a water bender’s friend while standing on a bridge over water. What do you think is gonna happen?
The guy that tries to mug Iroh is setup last episode during a quick pan, check past video at 05:39 and you can see him among the crowd.
Yoooo
The small panthers being like that makes me wonder if they're actually chill around kids and they're allowed in the walls to take care of animals momo's size that get into supplies.
7:14 is a fire edit
That scene after Toph and Katara get makeovers always hurt for me because yeah, they get back at the mean girls, and yeah Toph accepts the compliment when Katara says she's pretty, but she doesn't pull her hair back again the way it was, in fact she never does again. It's kind of like she had that one chance to feel confident in her appearance and that one mean joke, coming just when she cautiously put herself out there for perhaps the first time ruined it forever.
My ranking: 1) The Tale of Iroh (crying) 2) The Tale of Zuko (beautiful character story) 3) The Tale of Momo (important setup for next episode) 4) The Tale of Katara and Toph (great character development for both) 5) The Tale of Sokka (needed levity and you can't go wrong with Sokka) 6) The Tale of Aang
I was going to say that it’s kind of weird that Aang hasn’t tried this nuclear whistle blow until this point. Then I realized it would have caused all the animals to go nuts or something. But still, I feel like Aang would have tried it at some point. Until now, it was just a bison whistle, so it wouldn’t be that odd if he tried it before. Just a thought I had. I love your commentary bro. You’re a legend for making this series.
how much time you guys think have passed between the tale of iroh and the tale of zuko? you guys think iroh just had this emotional breakdown and in the next day he was helping zuko with girls? thats such a iroh thing
you know watching this for the (insert number here) time iroh had a son... did we ever learn anything about his (presumably) wife? in the comics or something?
I've got a son on the way and I hope I can manage to be at least 1/10th the dad that Iroh is to all these random kids.
7:31 That looks like an oryx (African/Asian Antelope)
When I first saw this episode I half expected Jet to fly in and ruin everything in The tale of Zuko.
When I watched this, I assumed the panthers were a biproduct of the whole zoo scene earlier. I mean, we see a lot of animals go into their new outside pens but do you really think all the animals got perfectly directed into this stampede? Also cats are independent and skittish. I could totally see some panthers escaping and finding someplace to hide during all the commotion.
That momo chicken bit from the people threatening to cook him was so fucking funny holy god
1:26 I could tell before looking it up that that voice acting is done by Tara Strong, really iconic voice actor for a single line
the people in the houses were probably just like "oh hey they apparently hire a firebender to light those things? neat."
God leaves of the vibe STILL makes me bawl like a baby. It just touches my spirit so deeply.
I figured it out. You're the Dunkey of ATLA. Because you laugh slightly similarly
It's honestly kind of baffling that the people who made this show made Dragon Prince. Just entirely different calibers. Not sure what happened.
Sokkas bit is the best part of the entire show. There, I said it
the only filler episode is the great divide, you said it yourself lol
I wonder how Jin feel finding out she kiss a princess in the end of the show 😅 If the earth kingdom let that information enter the city
Not gonna lie, I would kill for a girl like Jin.
Do you actually not understand the cabbage merchant jokes?
You didn't acknowledge normal monkeys?
There's an awesome story about the girl in pink being a cancer patient or something who loves the show. (Not sure exactly but there a story with her on real life)
I named my guinea pig Toph!
4:02 Brooooo, too cold man.  But fr idk who I'd pick, maybe air bending? I don't wanna start fights and air bending seems to give the most options for escapes besides like crazy fire bending flights but fire is dangerous.  Also water bending is cool even without blood bending, it also has healing abilities so yeah, hard to pick favourite element but don't diss fans like dat man 😢
3:39 Is this foreshadowing Korra? Was bending sports bad in Korra?
3:19 Only sin of this episode is releasing Iroh story too early, it should've been the last one or second to last one. Idk man, I... Kinda find it more powerful as the final story
0:27 "Kinda sus babe"   Seriously how and WHY do you know this info? 😭
What's the song that plays when Aang blows the Bison whistle?
your analysis of irohs story made me cry. so well spoken. thankyou❤
I'm tearing up just by reading comments.
fun fact...the girl in Aaangs story with the pink cap was voiced by a little girl who got the part via make a wish foundation
dont know why but i fell like the pather things momo ights whit are like half Tasmanian devil
Y'know what? This is such a weird and random thing, but dude, I wish General Iroh from Legend of Korra was named Lu Ten It just feels sooo weirdly fitting, y'know? Poignant too, a little more than just using Iroh's name again, especially since we see him in the Spirit World there anyways.  It'd be so interesting to just wonder on all the different ways that Iroh, or even Zuko, told Izumi about Lu Ten, and then to have her honor a man she'd never even met? Maaann that'd just be something that I'm sure Iroh would've appreciated tenfold in comparison.  My issue with General Iroh was he felt waaayy too fanfiction-y: voice of Zuko (no scar adds some points), name of Iroh, he can use lightning, and even did Azula's jet booster thing with his firebending, but he just doesn't feel like he means anything, y'know?  Hard tangent, but I feel it needed saying. I might repaste it onto the video for when he appears in Korra once you get around to it heh.
People are talking about how Jin was on the opposite side of the war and that was why Zuko was hesitant, but I think it runs deeper than that. While Jin being an "enemy" was probably the foremost thing on his mind, I think it really has to do with him being a traumatized, abused, child soldier who doesn't know how to show affection, particularly physically. For a young person with such a harsh and violent life, the trust inherent in intimacy and affection is hard to establish.
👹normal👹cat👹
I think toph’s first moment of weakness is when she can’t save both appa and the gang when appa is taken
I wish we could have seen more Jin, she was so wholesome and i somehow just really loved her. I wanted to at least see her at the end of the war or something   Zuko should have gotten with her and not Mai.
Bro Jin was a way better love interest for Zuko than Mai.
7:14 my favorite part
Toph could have been making a slug as well
At 7:59 the lady said “Opening night, I’m a little nervous.” Referring to the performance.
When she dressed up before, it was for the mission at hand. I think what she was getting at is that she was actually enjoying herself, when normally she wouldn't be.  And as far as her noticing the other girl lying, it's entirely possible she wasn't checking/paying attention.
When I saw the tales of Iroh I just said “ah fuck” and then he said it too. I think we all know what’s gonna happen
7:33 when Aang is making the zoo for the animals he is on his air scooter while earth bending the walls soooo is that a mistake or is he going in the partial avatar state
Serious question that has gone unanswered when and where are these guys getting they’re haircut the whole show especially katara and toph
Litterally from just the "comes marching home" line I was sobbing
On the tale of Aang, the strange animal that flashed by is some sort of baboon hybrid, I think. Koh had a baboon's face so there are baboons in the wonderful world of Avatar.
Aang was grounded while earthbending
My only problem with this episode is, I think The Tale Of Iroh should’ve been the last of the episode, it feels weird to go from Iroh’s sad tale to Aangs goofy one
toff was trying to look like a snail lol
Even if you do want to class it as filler it still serves a narrative purpose. We know that the request to see the earth king is being "processed" and it taking its sweet time and they've been told in not uncertain terms that if they try to force the issue bad things will happen to missing loved ones. It makes sense that the follow up episode wouldn't be a flat jump cut but show that hey since they have to hurry up and wait might as well make the best of it. And since we know Iroh and Zuko are both in rhe city to hide and start over or at least reorganize their own priorities it makes sense to give us an update on what they're doing and settling in.
The panther things in momos story were probably because aang released the zoo animals, i imagine not all of them got corralled properly and there were a few loose animals like them
I also love the tale of Iroh because all this time you've known he's holding onto some pain but this episode tells you why, and also why he's such a nice person to everyone he meets
Bending sports was a joke isnt it? Cause if it aINT WTF DUDE THERE IS KORRA AND SHIT
2:50 the girls lie hurt But an honest friend outweighs it
If you think about if for a second, aang just inhaled a bunch or dirt when trying to do the thing with the whistle
Toph didn't know those girls where lying cause they weren't lying. They actually meant their insults and that's what made it hurt
I think Toph's character development was really good bc at first she's this rebellious tough girl who was ngl a bit of a brat. And she definitely grew up a lot and Katara was  more the kind of mom that she needed than Poppy was. One that protected but not shelter her, and discipline but also gentle guidance.
why do we keep pretending we don't know cabbage man? I'm lost
7:54 i know its like 2 years old but at least i'll put a comment in It sounds like they're saying  "Hopefully they make it" "They seem a little nervous"
I liked that episode but I don’t think it’s the best in the series. My personal favorites are the library and amber island
It would actually make sense for momo to not know english as he grew up alone in the air temple. So even if hes like appa he wouldn't understand it as well.
I can’t even think about leaves from the vine without tearing up 😭
This is my favorite episode no action wise
7:27 What do you mean who is this crying man? That's the Cabage Merchant.
imagine dodgeball with rocks
What's the music when Aang blows the whistle?
I cried hearing just the first verse of leaves from the wine... Then I came across the full version, and my heart broke in to thousand pieces...
the theory is that the voice actor of iroh really cried because he was really sick and dying in real life, but this makes it even more sad.😢
3:38 Oooh, low blow to Korra.
Side note: a good chunk of the music in this episode are actual Chinese folk songs.
Bro the cabbage man diss😂
Rest in peace Mako
In this episode go from 9:40 to 9:50 and if you look at Zuko’s plate you can see at first there are no chopsticks on his plate and then there are chopsticks and then half of his food is missing
1:27 I just realized this is the same voice actor as killer moths daughter in teen titans so yes this checks out
Answering your question from a few episodes ago. The only other person to earthbend while not being grounded is aang
3:32 are you jabing at Korra here similar to how you jab at the cabbage guy constant appearences or am i overthinking what youre saying?
I needed to talk about this for a moment...  The mugger is actually voiced by Quinton Flyn. For the record he is the same guy that voices Raiden from the Metal Gear series. His preformence sounds so natrual! I never even noticed it was him wtf...
The audacity the writers had to follow this episode with "Appa's Lost Days".
1:32 That would be Tara Strong. I like how I don’t even have to Google this to know. I have been a fan of voice over from a very young age. Lol.
Toph’s toes grew!! At least she’s twelve so it makes some sense.
This is my favorite avatar episode but I know it’s not the best but I love that they all get there own little episode that for me are enjoyable in there own way.
One thing I love about Iroh singing Leaves from the Vine is that it seems to be implied to be a kind of traditional Earth Kingdom song. This is the same song he sang to calm the child a few moments earlier, and it was met with a warm smile from the kids mother. It takes a lot of emotional maturity to embrace the culture that was responsible for your sons death.
So I was going to say that those panther things were only the size of a dog a kid would just punch them but then I remembered that I might be a kid but I am giant among people my age
12:45 this is actually really good continuity because the swampbenders said that lemurs were very smart
I'm disappointed you didn't bother to mention that the freaking Haiku club has a big scary bouncer of all things.
The "Good on Star" voice actress is Tara Strong, so of course the voice acting would be stellar. A lot of people overlook the first several tales and focus on Iroh's tale and with just cause. Iroh's tale is amazing but i think the nuance of Toph and Katara's tale is overlooked a lot. Toph is a strong and stubborn character, she doesn't let people get to her and doesn't let her disability get in the way of things but you can tell that the words, even if lies, still get to her. It has a lot to do with self image and Katara supporting Toph in this situation is great, especially in the contest of Toph being able to tell when people are lying. Great character development for both of them, shows just how far they have come from when Toph just joined the gang.
AANG ISNT GROUNDED WHEN HE CREATES THE WALL OF THE ZOO
The bitch voice actor sounds a lot like Azula. Could be her.
I haven't watched this show in years and even I remember the cabbage guy
Wow, I never noticed until now how immediately likable Jin is. Wish we got to see more of her!  (And she weirdly reminds me of Yona from Tears of the Kingdom. Just me?)  (EDIT: I am accusing my past self of lowkey fish-simping)
Zuko should have shipped with Jin, or other commoner, instead of Mei
If I could be any bending type I’d be earth or fire. I’d chose them for their practical applications. Like building a house or lighting a campfire. So many practical uses
There's continuity error with momo because he couldn't understand the men but in some episodes he understands fine
The murmuring at the beginning of sokkas story is: "Oh, are they ready?" And "I'm a little nervous"
I would wanna be a water bender cause Ik I wouldn’t be skilled enough to metal bend or fly. I wouldn’t want to fire bend cause scary fire aa. Plus water bending is very cool
The muttering in the tale of sokka has some indistinct chatter, but you can clearly hear someone say "I'm a little nervous"
I love how the first chapter plays into iroh’s lesson a little help from others can be a great blessing
Bro... How could you not know and immediately recognize the cabbage salesman
I love the voice acting of jin when she asks out zuko cause she says it like shes been rehearsing it in her head for a while
She was going for snail not alien lmao
When you say toph should know they are lying. She does it just hurts because she knows that they are and who would go out of their way to lie to someone other then a jerk.
I've watched this show a bunch of times (maybe 3/4 times I don't know, it's been a long time), but even this comically recap of the episode still leaves me in tears upon seeing Iroh mourning WHILE being the best father figure anyone could wish for to perfect strangers.
Fun fact one of the girls in toph's story is probably the queen in legend of korra
1:30 again I’m way late and someone has definitely pointed it out already but that’s very clearly Tara Strong aka Timmy turner, bubbles, raven, twilight sparkle, omi, ben 10, and many MANY more
“Bending in sports is such a cool concept… shame we don’t see more of it”  Hmm maybe probending
The whispers of the girls sounds like something you'd hear in a ghost hunting video
7:09 Aang giving an epic blow of the whistle turning into Baker Street is top comedy.
Damn those cats are good hunters, one of them positioned itself away from the group on a high roof so that Momo couldn't fly higher? How smart are the cats in the avatar universe?
Anyone who says this episode is filler dont understand what that word means. Not only does almost every character get 5 minutes to themselves for character growth, some more than others obviously, but the plot is moved forward with the stinger at the end of Momo's section and arguably with Zuko's
They’re gazelle cattle or something
The person in the picture is Irohs voice actor and he is grieving over his own death
Why would you cut out Momo's dancing!!!
While Iroh was in the city where his son died, he never took out any anger against them but helped them, thats neat
those are not cows my guy
MY ENGLISH TEACHER PLAYED THE SOKKA HAIKU SCENE FOR US!
Jins name literally means sword in the ATLA universe! (Source: The Kyoshi novels)
7:01 how are you not aware of the legendary cabbage merchant?! This is the 4th time we see him in the show and he will eventually found Cabbage Corp from Legend of Korra!
I think i get what they're whispering:              It's free real estate
i love how the haiku girl had a plum in her sleeve for her haiku, for that extra special effects :3
Jin is unbelievably cute
This and appa lost are just back to back tragic bangers
Animals can learn how to use locks my dog learned from watching us and would let the other dogs out 😅
I love how Toph bends her mud mask in to a smile instead of just putting back on her face at 0:48. It's also nice that she pauses after Katara said she's pretty to check she isn't lying then accepts the complement.
12:34 had me dead
Your subs for the dudes who catch Momo are incredible
7:45 The girl you talked about was actually a make-a-wish kid who wanted to visit the studio so they put her in the episode! The character is based on how she looks and the hat is based on the one she wore at the time!
According to a random reddit post, the girl in the pink hat at the end of Aang's story who see's her cat in the zoo was a make-a-wish kid who wanted to visit the studio and meet the cast and crew. They apparently offered to draw her into the show and let her voice a line. The post also implied she recovered since it was allegedly written by her ex-boyfriend.
I wish jinn stayed with zuko
7:57 In the murmuring I hear "I hope that I make it, I'm a little nervous" which I'd guess means Sokka walked in on a judged recital.
Those Cats aren't all that much bigger than Momo - the only kids who might be in danger from them are like babies, who hopefully would be looked after by their parents.
...I never noticed before right now, and I've watched this very review series more times than I can recall, but in that scene in the mirror... I think it's a pun.  Aang shaves his head so that there's two tufts of shaving cream to the sides, reminiscent of Larry from the three stooges, both being by far the silliest of their groups.  Sokka's hair down makes him look a bit like Moe Howard, and Sokka, just like Moe, is arrogant, authoritative and often gets into trouble that's self-inflicted.  And Katara is putting in her hair loopies, her "Curlies".  ...Is the show calling the three of them Larry, Moe and Curly? I'd honestly love it if that were true!
DAMNIT! You were so close! Seriously, everyone talks about iroh's and yes it is sad but I was more interested (and still am) in zuko's story.
love how iroh got mugged and taught the dude how to mug people better
The cabbage guy shows up in a few different episodes with the same line. Each time they messed up his cart of cabbages. That is why in the episode Ender island players it mentions a cabbage merchant being a source of knowledge.
This episode for a side episode is top five in the series
in the murmurings, i catch something like "i hope i can make it, yeah im a little nervous yes" 7:52
The cabbage guy is from when Aang met up Boomie
Surprised he didn't call out the "REAL MONKEY" at 12:26 haha
Yeah for a minor character Jin is pretty cool. Also those precision fire bending shots were probably Zuko's best fire bending feat besides lightning redirection.
8:56 look at this guy’s face! 😂 never noticed this before
I think the whispered words were 'I hope I can make it" and "I'm a little nervous, slightly overlapped.
Y’wanna know something fucked? When i first watched avatar it was on netflix and i skipped it, cause i dont like anthology episodes. And i didnt watch it until my third watch through where i figured “why not” and i was immediately filled with regret that i didnt watch it sooner
Nah sokkas poem was fine the water tribe is in nature dawg
In the Iroh mugging scene he knocks the guy over fully taking the dagger out of his hand and holding it away but then it cuts to him taking it even though that already happened, i hate to pick apart such a wonderful scene but I just cant get the image out of my head of Iroh knocking him over and taking the knife then giving it back just to do another shot of taking it. Also why tf did the Headmaster in the tale of Sokka just have a plum in her sleeve?
When I watched Iroh's story for the first time, I wasn't sure what he was doing next to the tree and I didn't realize the weight of the moment. It was only when he use fire bending to light the incense I knew shit was about to go down.
1:30 I think the lie detection thing works more like an insight check, like, if she has no reason to be suspicious of someone she will not try to discern if they're lying or not, trying to listen to irregularities in their heartbeats.
You know what else is a good one *add for Velma plays*
We actually have seen the cabbage man before, in the episode where we met bumi, his cabbages were thrown away by the guard at the front gate
Every fucking time I watch this episode I cry with Iroh and Momo
The cabbage guy was also in the episode the serpents pass where his cabbages get destroyed just a random gag joke I guess
6:02 not me with tears in my eyes and definitely not being a little bitch
Huh I never noticed that Jin has a different hairstyle while on the date  She must’ve been really excited she did her hair up and everything 😭😭
hey i have a question others probably havent asked before, but do you upload in true 4:3?
Do you think Jin ever realized who Zuko was after the fact? Like during the wrap up when the gang are all in the Earth Kingdom together, do you think Jin saw Zuko and went “oh shit I went on a date with the Firelord”
comment from me
The cabbage guy shows up in  the serpents pass episode, maybe i'm missing a joke but you said the exact same thing about him then
Actually, sang states that it’s out side the city so it doesn’t count
curious fact from an actual award winner poet, sokka's "poetry" if given enough context can actually be a good haiku... yes... sounds hard to believe, yet it works, i literally have studied poetry antologies like the kokin wakashu and the only difference with sokka's poetry is the playful those poets were with the words on THAT kind of poetry, and... somehow, Sokka's poetry works... the wors part is im not even trying to be sarcastic or anything i mean for real, I KNOW THAT IS NOT POETRY, but... with a little polish it could actually be to the right public.
The murmuring in Sokka's short sounds like "oh sorry Meng, I'm a little nervous."
Sad momo breaks my heart so much
Yeahm Iroh beat is one of the best bits in show, but Zuko story was just heartwarming, Soka is moron, but we love him, Angh, Katara and Toph were boring...
I know Jin was definitely a Latina
The guy crying on the stairs is the cabbage guy!
Aang uses earthbending while riding an air ball... technically used earthbending without ground contact making him one of 3 characters do to that
I wonder how many farmer's livelihoods Aang destroyed making that zoo
You should do a tier list of every single character
With the iroh one, the last scene made me cry the hardest ive cried in a half decade
( starts to cry) leaves from the vine, falling so slow, like fragile tiny shells drifting in the fall, Little Soldier Boy come marching home, Brave soldier Boy comes marching home
At 3:48 the guy is not supposed to be an actual giant, this is a sandlot reference
0:29 Why didnt you point out the fact that Toph looks like she is in pain because she probably is. This procedure is her equivalent of someone rubbing a sheet of sandpaper over your bare eyeballs.
My only problem with this episode is the order of the stories Maillard the emotional whiplash between iroh and Aang’s stories iroh should’ve the final story
toph looked like a snail to me, not an alien. Though the sound effects/audio queue may have implied aliens. I don't remember the sound. but she jus look like a snail to me
"the moon flower likes partial shade" - this just describes iroh himself. he hides his true background but still can show his real humanity. also, he and the robber guy sitting in shade strikes me visually.
not me bawling my eyes out after seeing this episode again :/
I counted 10 seconds to light all the candles
The murmuring is saying something along the lines of _”Oh what are you making?”_ and “_I’m so nervous.”_
one of my favorite things about the whole moon continuity. it might actually be intentional for the moon to (mostly) remain full because of Yue becoming the moon spirit and sort of maybe controlling how the cycles go. it might also be important that it was not actually a full moon during the serpent's pass, during which Sokka has to deal with his feelings for both Yue and Suki.
incredible content, love the channel
I only recently figured out what the tale of iron meant cuz my peanut brain is stupid  Made me cry  Masterpiece
Unpopular opinion.... Jin works with the dai Li
On the Topic of everyday applications for bending: I fucking loved it how Iroh snaps his Fingers to light those things at the grave. It looks similar to how we would use a lighter, so just really natural even for us non Benders.
7:15 what’s this song called if anyone knows it please tell me thank you
Iroh is a true tea enjoyer
Toph got some nice feet 😳
Iroh just flipped the knife quicker than you could blink. I know a little Shaolin Fu I can do that too.
You didn't mention how Irohs son was wearing the head piece of the crowned prince.  Which if he was wearing that when he died, it could've have basically been telling the Earth benders who to focus in the fight.
My brother had a really valid argument for Momo's tale, Momo is shown to have an extreme amount of emotions and intelligence, the fact that he is capable of mourning and even showing distress shows that Aang wasnt the only one affected by Appa being taken. Not only this, but Momo being mislead and not finding Appa only brought him more sadness. Its something to consider since animals that have this much complex thought are far and few
I mean when that girl called toph out on her makeup she wasnt really lying,  a spiteful joke and that was just the setup. also for her to feel them lying, she detects a quickening heartbeat or twitches. subtle changes. these really only takes place when we feel pressured while lying. hence asula can fool her because her psychotic (or sociopathic? idk) nature makes lying feel completely natural to her.
The Tale of Iroh is so important to me because it's when I first learned that a death of a close one can positively influence one's life while still being agonizing years later. Iroh saw the error in his ways by being so focused on the glory of his nation, and came to realize what Zuko came to realize; that honor is about standing up for what's right and not fulfilling the expectations others have set to you. He realized that his grief should fuel him to be the father and mentor to those who were lost, hurting, and confused.
When the voice actor cries in Irohs song, has was passing away from cancer so it was a real cry🥺
Not me trying to watch this on my lunch break and crying the whole time iroh was on screen
I didn't know the second part of haiku's either, i feel just like sokka
The girls in tale of sokka say “are you ready?    I’m a little nervous.”
I will say whoever dosent get atleast sad and has a knot inside when Iroh cries for the son he lost, is a monster. Iroh is the best Character in this show, he is funny, powerful, wise, pragmatic and also a great father figure. The fact that he laments every part of loosing his son, but still does his best to help young people growing up is amazing.
The thing about Zuko lighting those candles is that Jin probably figured out he was a firebender. Either she doesn't know about the war and is like "Cool." OR she does know about the war but chooses to judge Zuko on what she knows about him as a person instead of what his nation is doing. Either way, she must get a really big shock when pictures of Fire Lord Zuko start flying around after the war.
Moon flowers are Jimson Weed. Fun facts
Heh "rocky" relationship
Guy's never seen a snail before.
Y’all think Zuko ever told Mai about this girl?
Iroh scene makes me tear up everytime.
4:02 Nah, i’d look like Uncle Iroh, but with a bushier beard, a cap similar to a beret or sleeping cap, and use water bending in cooking and brewing, alongside my hearty lover who’d be a fire bender.
2:50 rocky relationship. Good one
During the tale of Iroh you didn’t mention how the song he was singing for his son’s birthday was the same song he sang to the crying child.
That careless whisper edit is so underrated
The Iroh story hurts more knowing the voice actor passed away 😢😢😢😢
i always cry on irohs story, i dont know why, i just do
Iroh helps others then says to his son, "if only I could have helped you." That gets me.
for anyone paying attention it's the same cabbage seller from the serpent passing and even he's tired of complaining about his cabbage's being destroyed no matter what he does now.
i wouldn't call this a fillwr episode but its definitely an episode with filler
I am not going to lie the Iroh part always brings me to tears.
For the murmuring scene I heard "honestly, I'm a little nervous"
The cabbage guy is iconic how dare you
I love the idea for common bending/magic uses in fiction. Especially with Water/Ice, Fire and Earth. Need some ice for your party? Pour out some water and use Ice Magic. Out camping and forgot the lighter? Fire Magic Construction work would be so much easier with Earth Magic. Who needs an excavator?
Sadly this is the last episode that Iro's original voice actor voiced before he died
"Too bad we never get to see more of it" the first couple of episodes of legend of korra
I don't think it's mentioned enough that Lu Ten died under the command of Iroh during the Siege of Ba Sing Se. Iroh doesn't just miss his son, he feels deep shame because in his eyes he is directly responsible for his sons death.  Fucking heartbreaking man.
The cabbage guy is a huge reoccurring character, who do you not recognize him? In every major settlement in shows his cabbage cart getting destroyed.
10:30 Lol, you are correct... I guess many people would just not risk to mention it, and people who really don't know the war, wouldn't see anything bad here.
5:30 That he is in the City is son died while attacking it  OMFG, I never thought about this O.o
There is literally one filler episode.
S Tier
In your bit about haikus, you forgot the third and most important rule that actually no one in this scene follows which is that the last line must be "It is snowing on Mount Fuji."
A ROCKY RELATIONSHIP.
That rabaroo is so rude eating that guys cabbage without buying it first, he has to feed. It a shame we never see him again cause I wanna know the justice he got against that zookeeper
One comment. STOP SHOWING IRON CRYING IT MAKES ME CRY.
fuck, its always this episode that gets me to tears, and even just you explaining it over the visuals still just chokes me right up, god fucking damn
7:54 "What if nobody like it?" {somebody else, I assume) "I'm a little nervous"
The episode that made me a water bender
You act like mini panthers disappearing children is outlandish, but irl people still own pitbulls 🤔
12:35
da bes episop edit: "was wondering if you wanted to go out sometime" said no girl ever
im the exact same with the iroh scene.. everytime i watch it i starting tearing up :(
I always kind of figured that a subtext of Zuko's short is that despite the war going on, it's not a full on absolute ethnic conflict the way someone like Jet sees it as, that Zuko and Iroh are not the only refugees in Ba Sing Se who were originally from the Fire Nation or its colonies, and that for the average person in the city, just being from there or able to bend fire in and of itself isn't necessarily that big a deal
At 7:25 you say you don't know the guy crying. That's cabbage man. He's crying because of the cabbages. I don't know why he became a running gag but I always appreciate when he pops up.
Those "Cows" are actually Oryx, a type of Ungulate from Africa. Cows are also ungulates, so the comparison isn't too far off.
3:31 Not sure if there was any sarcasm here or not, but you realize how important pro bending is to LoK, right?
I agree with your assessment of Iroh's story except for one thing: "These were all probably experiences he had with Lu Ten growing up..." 5:16 Now, I'll admit its been sometime since I've watched LAB, but I'm pretty sure this wasn't the case. I believe prior to his son's death, Iroh was a monster almost as bad as Ozai. Iroh treated Lu Ten just as poorly as Ozai treats Zuko. I think understanding this makes his tears exponentially worse.  Others have noted the translation of Lu Ten's note; essentially 'I will bring you victory.' Lu Ten was desperately seeking his father's approval and I believe its inferred that Iroh withheld it. Lu Ten, of course, dies in the battle for Ba Sing Se; the victory that both Lu Ten and Iroh believed would be Iroh's crowning achievement.  Its only after his son dies that Iroh's heart changes. Thus, he never was the supportive father he wishes he could have/should have been to Lu Ten. His compassion and support for young men, like Zuko and the boys in this episode, is a result of his desire to be that father he wishes he could have been for Lu Ten. But he'll never be that; his only son is dead and he can't change his past mistakes. This is why he cries; its not that he wishes he was still a father, but he wishes that he had been the father he should have been. Because if he had, if his priorities were different, maybe Lu Ten would still be alive.
How have I just barely caught this rocky relationship joke 2:46
I think the murmuring in Soka's part is "opening night" and "I'm a little nervous yes"
Wait wait something bothers me about the Zuko part in this. He already has a girlfriend no matter anyones thoughts on it they are a thing and Iroh would know this. Why is he basically making Zuko cheat on her?
Jin definitely awoke something in kid me lol
song at 7:15?
I always thought Lu Ten's actual body was buried under that tree since he died in Ba Sing Se I thought his fellow soldiers buried him there and one of the reasons it was so emotional for him was because it was the first time he could visit his son's true grave
Ive seen this show 14 times, and still Iroh's Tales is the only thing thats still makes me tear up. Every, fucking, time.
I'm 37 and this show was a little late for me to grow up with (even though I still did somehow) but my relationship with my father is closer to Zuko and his father. I was always a disappointment and a waste of money, I know this because it's all I ever heard from him so when I see a man so deeply hurt by the loss of his son it chokes me up hard I literally can't help it. It's so hard to see him like that.  Iroh and Zuko are hands down my two favorite characters.
Would you say toph and katara have a ROCKY relationship?
It's the cabbage guy. The joke is no matter where he goes to sell his cabbages aang and the gang destroy them
Aw I always liked that moment where he just sat and talked with the mugger, a bit of a shame to gloss over it but there isn't much to be said cause you kind of know Iroh would be that way unconditionally.  As a kid watching that scene I always felt the warmth coming off of Iroh and that guy's relief and gratitude of someone believing in him, cause it was at a time I felt like I was a failure at my math studies in school and my parents were like "just do it, everyone can" and it really didn't help.
I like to think that, after things fell apart with Mai, Zuko went back for Jinn, and made her queen of the fire nation. They genuinely had far more chemistry in a single episode, compared to the handful that Zuko and Mai share.
You are trying too hard to hide the merchant i forgot what he sells tho
Also headcanon but after the moon spirit died Tui was probably like  Fuck this i died and i aint doin that again so now you got a moon every 4th day so you're strong enough to protect M E
I think Iroh looks at the girl with concern cuz he saw waht happened to jett and hell he migtve encountered some dai li on his warpath   like he was concerned that if she blabbed like jett shed get vanished too
I was rewatching this masterpiece of an episode of a masterpiece of a series and I realized the look on Iroh's face when Jin asked what "Lee's" name was, I reminds me of my dad anytime I talk to a girl.
11:32 The sad look Zuko has after saying, "it was nice." He knew he just messed up, that he offended Jin by leaving like that, and he probably won't be able to fix it.
1:10 last episode she was done up like that to infiltrate a party. There was an objective, they had to get dressed up to be part of "society". This episode, they did it to have fun.
I just realized something with the tale of Iroh, he helps people with slowly progressing ages, like the little kid at the starts, the group of older kids at the middle, and the young man at the end, a tiny yet really strong detail
Okay another great detail, when Jin told zuko to close his eyes he looked very hesitant and scared. Like he wasn't fully sure or comfortable but he did it anyway.
Theory about the panther monkeys: they're from the zoo. Ever since i read Embers (the fanfiction) I've contemplated whether or not Aang got all of the animals contained again.
Those "cows" appear to be cattle that were crossed with the African species of antelope known as the oryx/gemsbok
I keep coming back to this video just to watch 4:37 again. And again. And again.
Zuko lighting all the candles always did seem a little dumb, but thinking more about it, I think it's a good character moment, and it plays into your analysis of his walls being broken down and how Song, Lee and, Jin have started to shape him. Before, he would never have risked himself like this. But here's this cute Earth Kingdom girl who's obviously taken a liking to him, and despite himself he's clearly taking a liking to her (see: the juggling scene). He's a teenager, and underneath it all he's a good, soft-hearted guy. So he sees this girl incredibly downtrodden about missing out on this spectacle and he takes a HUGE risk to himself just to make her happy. I think that's a great moment for Zuko.   It IS dumb, but it's in character for the good guy that we're learning Zuko can really be.   Also, do y'all ever think that Jin eventually saw Firelord Zuko and went "OH SHIT WHAT IT'S THAT GUY."
A thing I noticed: when Toph first has her makeup done her hair is out of her face, she’s proud. But as soon as the girls make fun of her, her hair is back to covering her face.
I'm sorry but "rocky relationship" got me.  Also "Like I paddle my canoe, I'll paddle yours too"  *butt slapping noises*
I really enjoy this series
you didn't bring up the fact the toph is experiencing over stimulation because they are scraping her feet
I still think that Zuko should have ended up with Jin.
The panthers are loose because of aang's story
That baker Street sax got me 😂
I’m surprised you like this episode
I’ve been listening to these all year. You should do more commentary on more toons.
2:47 Toph is Earthbender, so would you say her and Katara have a *rocky* relationship?
Zuko and Jinn should’ve ended up together
Baker Street took me out
The nut and fruit haiku is 5 6 5, not 5 7 5
I am helping... I guess
They did the “For Mako” thing at the end of the episode because Mako, who voiced Iroh, had died
That land Aang used to make his little zoo is farm land (in case there are some urbanites who’ve never seen it). That land is owned by someone, so I have a feeling the land was immediately taken back by the owner, and the zoo keeper was forced to pay the farmer for the lost yield. He couldn’t pay the farmer in full, so he was forced to sell his zoo and all the animals to cover the difference.
huh just noticed but i guess it makes sense but toff isnt at the mirror with everyone else.
I'd like to comment on the fact that Katara has seen progress to the point where she uses waterbending as seamlessly as Aang uses Airbending and Toph earth, which is very different from how she started, and I just like the fact she has joined the "YEah, I can bend, no biggie" squad.
Cabbage bait lol
12:15 These ‘Mini Panthers’ as you call them look like they could be based on a real animal I forget the spelling but it’s something like Jaguarrundy, or something again I don’t remember the exact spelling. They’re small wild cats the share territory with Ocelots, they have black fur and look like, well, mini panthers.
I can't tell if you're serious or not about the cabbage guy.
I think eating Haiku’s have to be about nature is like saying iambic pentameter has to be about English politics and penis jokes.
Can we please be quiet for a moment and just appreciate the fact that Jin was Zukos first kiss??? Like that is awesome! He and Mai just got into a relationship short before they left Ba Sing Se to return to the fire nation and i doubt that Zuko had other girls before so yeah... Jin not only dated the future fire lord but also stole his first kiss GAWD that girl is amazing!
3:39 he’s joking right! I hope I’m just confused and he didn’t forget the entire first season of korra
Iroh's tale is best couple minutes in the series.
I cried watching you over analyse Ayro’s story
Disagree, end of book 3 has best hair.
How dare you not comment on the Momo dance
Momo’s episode was great set up for Appa’s Lost Days
Truly one of the greatest episodes Iroh’s being the chad he is, Sokka’s rap battle, Aang fucking up the cabbage guy again, Katara and Toph beating up thots, and Zuko’s date
I like the Zuko story, but feel kind of bad we never found out what happened to Jin. Maybe we should have had a quick moment in another episode just to acknowledge her because I'm curious if Zuko wanted to attempt a normal life and grow closer to Jin. Obviously not the most essential part of TLA story, but I feel bad for her.
Leaves from the vine
Jyn is voice by marcella lentz pope met  her in person actually.
I feel like giving Aang an episode where he is searching for a zoo actually points toward the plot. He’s clearly still looking for Appa, if not checking all the obvious places. And then, because of his love for Appa, helps the zookeeper with all these other animals. “I’m great with animals!” While supposed to be a funny line, actually is true, he’s been living with pets his whole life.
I've never understood why Toph says in this episode, that she wished she could tell Katara that she is beautiful too, but she has no idea what she looks like. The way Tophs way of seeings is portrayed in the series, I think she should have a pretty good idea about how Katara looks. Or am i missing something?
toph's toes look longer because they have already scrubbed off at least an inch of dirt from there
That ain't no random cabbage merchant
This girl and Zuko made me cry
The bringing up of the cabbage merchants existence but keep denying the existence of said cabbage guy gets me every time
Bad day today, 0:32 really cheered me up
bro why did you hit me with the Ihro sobbing at the very end I just put away my tissues =(
Yeah I think that guy is a giant kyoshi was easily 7 feet and  so not entirely impossible
Is it weird that I imagine toph visualizes things as a storyboard? If you don’t understand I’ll try to explain in the replies
Zuko is more of a magician than a jugler
I have one unanswered question that is where is icons wife. I don't think we are ever told about her
i like how he refuses to talk about the cabbage man while also talking about him every singlw time
I could hear the tears in your voice bro. Agreed, this short story about Iroh is so amazing. Saw it a thousand times, and cried just as much.
I love how ruthless you are to the cabbage man 💀
Will you over analyze legend of korra
Has anyone else notice that the people Iroh helps out progress in age until he goes to honor his son. First, baby, then the children, then the young man. Then, after meeting the young man, he goes to the memorial. As if each people he met was a stand-in for his own son
"thats one too many syllables bob" always gets a laugh out of me.
I listen to little soldier boy like 50 times a year and it messes me up emotionally every time.
Something I always kinda wanted is for Jin and Zuko to be a thing. Don't get me wrong, I love Mai, just as far as pairings go, Jin always seemed to compensate Zuko well as a personality
7:00 The unfortunate cabbage merchant constantly appears throughout the series. Perhaps I missed the sarcasm?
I would have watched an entire series of sports anime in the avatar universe
I'm so sad that you didn't mention the importance of the soldier boy song and the voice actors story
"momo understands locks" so is momo smarter than katara?
Can you please do a video of just the Cabbage Man?
In relation to the hill Iroh goes to pay respects to his son, given that he died in Ba Sing Sei fighting earth benders, it’s logically to infer that he is literally buried under that hill, it very well could have been formed during the Battle for Ba Song Sei, and been the cause of his death.
Am I terrible for never having cried during the tale of Iroh? Not as a child or adult? I agree it's very sad, but it's never made me cry
0:49 apparently snails are just a figment of my imagination.
Leaves from the vine Falling so slow Like fragile tiny shells Drifting in the foam Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Comes marching home...
With the mud i thought Toph looked more like a snail or shrimp, not an alien.
I'm all for earth bending soccer
Very practible being the friends of the avatar and travel with him  You will life in the main city and you can do all the expensive things for free
1:20 i figure there is a difference between lying and sarcasm. since toph doesn't actually feel untruths, she just feels how people react to lying (different breathing, faster pulse) (as we see in season 3 when azula lies to her, and toph feels no difference), she probably can't tell when someone is saying a lie sarcastically, because it doesn't come with the same emotions as normal lying
7:14   ooookaaay   LMFAO
Dude the pretending not to know who the cabbage merchant joke is not funny. Stop thinking it is.
That murmuring sounds like a lot of EVP recordings I've heard 😆
Toph HAD to get all dressed up last episode. This time she did it for the fun of it. I can see how she'd feel that way.
Maybe the panthers were from the zoo Aang just released.
You think that Iroh might've buried Lu Ten outside Ba Sing Se and that tree he went to is actually the exact tree he was buried at?
Jin beat Mae everytime.
BAKER STREET hahahaha
🥺🥺🥺
1:50 - 2:00 The girls are standing in the middle of the bridge. But when toph makes a hole in it they are suddenly off to the side. And then when katara does her thing, theyre suddenly in the middle again.  (Edit: also, in the shot when the girls are caught up in the wave, katara is doing her waterbending while standing on the part of the bridge that should have a hole in it. You could say that since shes in a sort of stance, she probably just has her feet around the hole, but considering that hole was able to fit 3 girls with room to spare, katara would have to have very long legs).
Cabage Man, remember cabbage man from ba sing se
In the sokka bit in the whispering i can only hear "I'm a little nervous"
I've seen that iroh scene so many times but even seeing it in this video made me tear up a bit
2:46 A “rocky” relationship? Sokka would be proud
Iroh could totally just casually flipped that knife around in his grip between shots. Trust me my whole job is making flipping knives and you can totally change grip just spinning the thing around absent-mindedly and without looking. Bet that shit spins around in Irohs hand with all the fluid grace you would expect from the man.
When I saw “the tale of Iroh” come up I said “he we go, get ready” right before you said anything 😂
I feel like Zuko could’ve just said to Jin, I’m from the fire nation. I came here to start a new life, instead of just “espionage” garbage he doesn’t even really try to pull
I always thought the tale of Iroh should have been the last one in the episode. With the dedication of Mako rolling into the credits (i.e. silent credits or something similar, perhaps the instrumental of the song Iroh sings -  out of respect).
I love Jin show stinking much and really wish she was a reoccurring character
i wish we got more of jin
The thing I love about leaves on the vine is that, when played to a child it is an uplifting song about how a soldier comes home after going to war, but when it's played to a veteran  it speaks to the reality that soldiers don't always come home.
something something "im a little nervous" all i could make of the whisper
Also, if you still think that he doesn't know who the cabbage man is, this video disproves it               BUT THAT'S JUST A-
Jin is voiced by Marcella Lentz-Pope   Where's my gold star
“Katara and toph have had a rocky relationship…” I see what you did there
I'm not normally one for ships but can we all take a moment to acknowledge how much better Jin is for Zuko than Mei
Top content
I think toph didn’t know she was lying because she can tell when people are anxious, due to heart rate and breathing. But someone who’s lying in order to bully her probably wouldn’t be anxious about being found out, because that kind of lie comes from a completely different emotional place
"Man, bending sports seems like the coolest most expressive idea ever, like you could do so much with it, it's as limitless as the fighting styles".. Too bad we never get to see it in canon right?
i don’t think that whole toph not detecting a backhanded compliment as a lie thing was an oversight by the writers. i always figured toph’s “lie detector” power worked on someone lying, not someone being sarcastic or making a rude comment. the two things aren’t exactly the same. i don’t think your heart rate spikes when you give someone a backhanded compliment because your “lie” isn’t really a lie, it’s just saying something in a fake positive way to convey rudeness. the earth kingdom girls even clarified their intent afterwards with a straight up insult. just my personal take on it tho ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When they confronted the sand benders Im prerty sure they got their shit back? idk
The people Iroh helps are all young men and are all in different stages of growing up. Baby, boys, young man. The robber is probably close to the age that Liu Ten died
😭😭😭😭
Not sure if it was out of ease for the scene or a slip in Iroh's caution due to grief,  but he blatantly fire bends to light the incense for his son,  no spark rocks,  not trying to hide it,  if anyone saw, would he have cared in that moment, his entire world has been taken, he is having to move on from an unimaginable pain, so he uses his fingertips to light the incense, showing the magnitude of his sorrow, so deep it could cause him to blow his cover in one of the worst possible places
fuck it, I see zuko as a sigma male in this episode
Justice for Sokka! Haikus are often about nature, but there is no requirement that they have to be.  Honestly, the traditional purpose of haikus was supposed to be a form of meditation, so even the teacher isn't doing it right.
pretty sure the murmering was "Nobodys angry, im a little nervous"
I always wondered why no one in Ba Sing Se recognized Iroh as the General who tried to take over the city. You'd think the military and city officials would be a little suspicious of a man who has a striking resemblance to the guy who tried to take down the city 5 years prior.
10:30 HE GOT THAT RIGHT!
As if Iroh's Tale wasn't sad enough, apparently the "Leaves from the Vine" song was the last thing Mako ever recorded for Iroh before he passed away.
So with that scene of Toph not being able to tell the girls were lying, I always thought it was linked to that scene where they were sanding the dirt off her feet. Like whatever they did impeded her abilities to feel things with earthbending temporarily which meant she couldn't tell they were lying.
I immediately noticed that bitchy girl's voice is the exact same as Kitten from Teen Titans. Tara Strong is so amazing at changing her voice up.
Girl: you didnt cry during titanic? You got no feelings. Boys during the iro scene....
Me: I want to be a water bender Everyone else: why, you want to blood bend? Me: no dummy Everyone else: then what do you want to do Me: I will be the liquor bender
this is my favourite episode from all of atla
The voice actor for uncle Iroh was named Maco so he is crying in the short For his son he was really crying for him because he was dying of cancer
I was Hoping than gen and Zuku where be Together <3
Toph can sense people lying through their shoes? Like in the blood bending episode... I think it's the shoes. Surely made of leather, she can't sense them lying (also the old man cleaning the shed)
The tale of Iroh is the single greatest thing I've seen on any show.
Ha! Rocky relationship. Ha!
The voice actor of uncle Iroh was slowly dying of cancer at that episode. The song touches your soul because he is filling that song with his own feelings... RIP Makoto Iwamatsu, your work was awesome!
the moment Iro finishes his song, and his voice goes out of tune because his throat tightens up from grief, that moment has broken me every single time I've seen it. I absolutely cannot hold my composure ever.
I'm amazed you didn't mention that Greg Baldwin's first line as Iroh is in this episode in the broken window scene
Comment
One thing I don’t think you’ve touched on end I don’t understand is how in the fight for the city to take it back Jeong Jeong was flying in mid air while creating those walls of fire to stop the tanks.  He wasn’t using fire bending under him and was just flying.... but every other time we see fire benders fly they use a stream of fire beneath them, even The fire lord was using that to fly so how did Jeong Jeong do it?
You think she ever saw Zuko in the news and was like "yeah I kissed the Fire Lord one time."
The Lu Ten painting is actually Mako as a young man
I was going to skip this episode because I knew you'd make Iroh's story make me cry  AND YOU DID GODDAMMIT
How do you not get the guy with the vegetables, its a joke for all Avatar fans
maybe toph knew she was lying but thought she was saying it for the sake of being nice, I feel that would be pretty normal for how she was raised
Funnily enough, everyone I know who has watched this show think this episode was absolute garbage and I never knew why
4:00 No sir, no you would not. You wanted to be a liquor bender and that is very valid.
0:40 It’s probably just some kind of slug, like a snakeslug or something and the music is just for fun
a terrible day for rain .. goddamn it every time
In my opinion this episode and episode of Appa both are the most heartbreaking from the all show
Tale of Iroh..  I'm not crying,  you're crying.
wait a minute, is when Aang creates the massive pen for the animals the other time someone earth bends without being grounded?
I think the reason she didn’t notice the girl was lying is because she wasn’t being dishonest she was setting up for a joke, her body wouldn’t react the same  as though she was lying and that’s what toph can sense
Why do you think the cabbage merchant is someone we have never seen before. He's been a running gag throughout the show
That b*tchy characters voice actress is the same one for teen titans Kitten from the episode where Robin is forced to go to prom with Kitten
"this is an imported chicken, very rare, fuck you" oh how i wish i was still in highschool so i could make this my senior quote
Iroh’s Tale guts me mostly not even for the story itself but because Mako had received a terminal diagnosis shortly before, his tears are, real, he’s grieving for himself, and I suppose maybe for this art he was helping to make he wouldn’t see finished. The episode is the first time we hear the replacement voice actor as well, you didn’t mention it but it’s when he helps the kids out. So you grieve with Iroh, but I always can’t help but grieve with, and for, Mako. Every time.
Real quick can you imagine having earth bending for an everyday skill that would make gardening a lot easier and even more productive since you could shift the ground and move richer dirt underneath your garden and if you could metalbend you could do repair work for cars with dents it's very interesting and would be a neat idea for a movie
Just realized that the girl who said " Good one Star!" Was probably Tara Strong. She's great!
On the Zuko kissing a girl from the enemy nation thing: given everything we know about Zuko before this it makes a lot of sense that this could actually be his first kiss, which gives the whole significance a boost in my mind.
1:03 I always thought that scene with Toph and the girls making fun of her make-up was weird and awkward, now I realize it's because it manages to have at least two plot holes in only a couple seconds  3:54 I fucking died 💀💀💀
The guy crying is the guy who owns the cabbages that the kangaroo thing was eating.
The cabbage guy has showed up here and there throughout the series. He's even on the train station before the gang gets to ba sing se how did ya miss that
awww fuck ok here we go  Yeah pretty much my reaction every time I watch that. Just rewatched it with the wife recently and it got her too.
6:57 wait im sorry are you being sarcastic or are you serious? this dude is a recurring joke in the hole series and you just noticed him? XD
When Katara says she’s pretty at first it could just be out of politeness, but Toph stops to look at her (rare for Toph) and asks her again “I am?” She was gauging a genuine response instead of just a polite compliment. I think Toph was reading Katara to see if she was being honest (since she can detect lies) and Toph is smart she probably realizes that stopping and looking at Katara would make Katara more susceptible to have a physical response if she was lying and make it easier to read.   Toph wanted to know the truth. She is pretty. It’s something that you wouldn’t put together on the first watch because we don’t know about this lie detecting ability until later (the next episode maybe??) but I think it makes a lot of sense that this is what she was doing.
When Toph says she actually feels girly, I do think it’s a different feeling than she gets when she dresses up for social events. These were expectations her parents had for her, and they accepted no less. I’m sure there were many times when she didn’t understand why she had to look put together for everyone else, since she couldn’t see them and she couldn’t even enjoy it herself. It was just a hassle and a rule to follow.   In this scene Toph isn’t getting dressed up and pampered to meet others expectations, she’s doing it for herself. She’s spending time with a friend enjoying herself, and she feels pretty. It must be a totally different feeling than adhering to other peoples rules and expectations of her.
I can’t. Not again. I’m not… strong enough.  -Mr.Incredible quote but I think it fits this situation perfectly.
at 8:00 its nobody make himila nervous
That cabbage guy is a recurring gag. He loses everything every time he crosses Aang's path. I think he goes on to be arrested later for trying to lead a revolution against the Avatar later on.
There is no such thing as filler in avatar. Every episode moves the story forward. Some episodes do more than others.
One thing that's been bothering me that I've never heard anyone talk about, who was Lu Ten's mother?
Can talk about the my cabbages guy a lot for someone who doesn't get the rolling joke with this guy
There's not been a single time that I've seen the scene of Iroh singing leaves from the Vine and not ended up bawling
I'm surprised you didn't say this and it has probably been said a million times in this comment section but at the point of Iroh singing the voice actor mako knew he was going to die so as Iroh was singing about his son's death mako was singing his own death it's fucking amazing (if I'm wrong in any or all of that please correct me im happy to be wrong about any of it)
DUDE YOU JUST DROPPED LIKE THREE NEW REASONS TO SOB UNCONTROLLABLY AT TALE OF IROH. HOW DID I MISS ALL OF THAT???  > me promising i'm not gonna cry too hard this time and then bawling my fucking eyes out when I realize he was being a father to every kid he met this episode
The telling of the patreons was so funny i go donate now ngl
aang creating the walls for the zoo is, the second time someone performs earth bending, while not grounded to the earth.
Dude.."In Honor of Mako" will never fail to make me ugly cry. He was an amazing VA and from what i have read about him,also an amazing person. Rest in peace Legend!
No way he disrespects the cabbage guy like this 😅
wow here's a comment
Iroh and spiderman has the same motivations iroh with his son and Peter with his uncle
My favorite bit from this ep is seeing Aang shave his head. Being 12 years old and completely bald is a bit odd, makes sense that it's a monk ritual
Would it be overboard to say if you don’t get emotional at the end of Iroh, you are a soulless bastard?
A show is only as good as it's fillers that's why avatar Is the best series ever
Zuko and Mai are cute,  but Zuko and Jin?  Now thats where the love is.
7:06 "who is this random cabbage merchant we've never met" ...he's joking, right?
I know its been a while since this has been uploaded, but DAMN i cry every single time i see Iroh sit and sing beneath that tree. Such a lovely scene
you could have mentioned the punch Taff gave Katara at the end of they'r tale, wich refrences the moment, when Taff told Zuko in the third season how the punch on the sholder shows her affection to the other person.
It is simply not possible to watch iros part without crying
I can't watch the Iroh scene. It's too paimful.
"ah fuck here we go" yep. same
The tales of Aang portion when he's forming the park for the zoo animals I could swear that that was a variation on a water bending move where they make a sheet of ice and surf across it
“To General Iroh, See you after we win the war. Your loyal son, Lu Ten”
7:55 The first sentence sounds like "open mic night" but that's kind of a stretch, and I hear "I'm a little nervous" in the second sentence
1:16 before the clown comment toph might've thought she didn't actually like the makeup but was just being nice
Jin was always my second favorite side character. She's just written in a way and voiced that makes her immediately likable. Besides that Chang guy from the cave of two Lovers, she is my #2 favorite side character
R.I.P. Mako. Forever missed
I have to say this is my favourite episode.
The haiku mumbles sound like “are you nervous?” “I’m a little nervous” mixed with some other voices
3:17 I love that we have the same reaction Just like "Shit, here we go again"
wait you didn't recognize the cabidge merchant? from so many episodes like one with bumi and them ruining his cabbages
For the haiku thing: they're supposed to contain a seasonal reference, but the entire haiku doesn't have to be about nature
0:51 Glad to see the Avatar creators acknowledge Finns as Asians. Like I've often said, how many blue eyed Eskimos do you know, and those Ice Hotels they build in Lapland every year blow igloos out of the water.
12:34 i love how this feels like the captions weren't given any thought
1:27 I don't think toph could feel anything, since she is like a lie detector, she only detects the changes in the heartbeat and breathing. And she was just being mean so she wouldn't have had any trouble. Like Azula.
Lu-Ten's portrait is based off of Mako from when he was in Japan's military
I would be Zhan if I was in avatar
You saying you well up every time you watch that scene. Well, I even welled up just watching the snippets in your video ^^'
I love how nice and respectful Jin is with Zuko. Didn't even mention the scar. It's very nice how even though he didn't reciprocate, he appreciated Jin's affection. R.I.P Mako. The girl whose cat was in Aang's zoo was a girl with cancer or something and got a voice cameo as a make a wish.
2:49 get it?
Why does the haiku lady just casually have a plum up her sleeve XD
Want to know what makes Iroh's song even sadder? it was recorded right after the actor found out he was dying of cancer. the song was mourning him as much as it was Lu Ten.
7:54 Sounds like, "Oh by the way, I'm a little nervous."
Everyone talking about Iroh meanwhile the hopeless romantics crushing on Jin
I always thought he was buried outside of ba sing se not the fire nation
I’m not crying! You’re crying! Shut up!
Hi Cuz are about to pick in moments in nature, but they also sometimes follow the trend of being humorous and subversion way.
2:47   Hey, you stole that joke from fake Sokka from the Ember Island Players.
12:12 I’ve always assumed these panther things were leftovers from Aang’s zoo jailbreak. No way he got *every* animal in that stampede.
As a father who lost a child (my wife and I lost our daughter when my wife miscarried) and I can tell you that trying to make up for a missing child and wanting to still be a father to someone else just so I could keep that feeling... yeah I was like that too. It hurt and I craved being parental. We had a son a year later and Ill never take it for granted. Losing a child is the absolute worst thing, and Irohs feelings resonate so much with me.
It is physically impossible for me to watch the tale of sokka without physically cringing and putting my head in my hands.
Does anybody know what song is being played at 7:14.  It’s at the tip of my tongue but I just can’t remember!
Something I love about Iroh is even on the anniversary of the day of his son's death it's not until he's ready to grieve for his son that you would even know that day has great importance to him.  A lot of shows have characters act moody all day on anniversaries of a death and having charcters be snappy at or being really distracted towards others. Iroh doesn't take out his emotions on other people even though the only thing he could probably think about, especially when singing that song to that little boy, is his son.
the only reason someone would call this a "filler episode" is because each mini episode in the episode doesn't bring much to do about the story except Momo of course, but lets be fair, if this was any other show this would constitute as a filler episode
I saw Iroh's title card, inhaled deeply and then you immediately said what I was thinking. Hits like a train every time.
What song was that that you edited in? I know it but I can’t recall the name
Time to cry huh?
0:38 could be like some snail hybrid animal and the music is just for the audience to make the alien connection, but in the universe she’s imitating the snail. Just a thought
"Who is this cabbage merchant we've never seen before" This is actually the third time we've seen him, once was at the ticket booth for the ferry to Ba Sing Se, and another time was before Toph was introduced, at the city with the ducts that the gang uses to slide around on
Toph's toes look longer because she is still going through puberty and growing. Duh!!!
The story of Iroh isn't fair to the rest of the episode. It meets its own episode, so it doesn't overshadow everyone else.
A couple thoughts on Toph and the jerks. There's a couple reasons I feel like she doesn't catch the lie. First, and I'm not 100% sure, but I think sarcasm causes a different physiological response than lying directly. She should still be able to tell, but I feel like that combined with the fact that her guard is down is what gets her. I think this is also why comments that wouldn't normally have bothered her cut. She's out of her element and was blindsided during one of the few times she lets herself be vulnerable.   Also, this was the first ATLA episode I ever saw. I was very confused.
I think that Momo's tale is underrated. It has a surprising amount of heart and emotion. Despite it being nothing but gibberish and animal noises, you really get the sense of how Momo is feeling and thinking about. Also, the fact that he was out looking for Appa also kinda makes bit with him flying off and returning with Appa at the end of Lake Laogai land even better for me.
I think if somebody in Ba Sing Se saw a firebender they would report it. I always thought most of the people in Ba Sing Se knew about the war, especially cause so many of them are refugees as a direct result of the war. I always just thought it was more just talking about the war was prohibited, and the king, having lived a completely sheltered life was one of the few who never actually knew about it, mostly so he could be manipulated and controlled by Long Feng.
One of the greatest pieces of acting in the entire show is the final rendition of Leaves from the Vine. The final note being just off key as Iroh finally lets the pain out.
The theif iroh talks to is also in the background of the previous episode
"Tale of Iroh"  I never thought Iroh can water bend.... Why is their water in my eyes.....
12:32 NORMAL MONKEY
I find it weird that cabbage dude even made it in the city even tho the lady denied him because of the cabbage slugs
1:50 I don't know, all I think of when I see this is, "Oh shit, this is what the Equalizers were talking about!" Like, were those women mean and that shit uncalled for? Yes. Is the answer to physically assault them? Probably not.
OOOOOHHHH! FINALLY! MY TIME HAS ARRIVED!  I started practicing baguazhang, the kung Fu style airbending is based off of, to low key flex on a friend AND DEFINITIVELY SAY HOW I'D BE AN AIRBENDER BECAUSE I KNOW THE REAL LIFE STYLE! On a real note, the cultute and the system is very cool. It's changed my life in a positive way, and I love being able to feel like Aang, carefree and joyful, while moving like him too. I encourage all Avatar fans to take up one of the bending arts OORRR combat sports/martial arts in general to have another layer of appreciation of this show.
The tale of Momo is sadder than the tale of Iroh. Fight me
Bruh the Cabbage man is a classic from many episodes.
3:41 Legend of Korra: Hold my pro-bending trophy.
I like zuko and Mai, but honestly I feel really bad about Jin
Haikus are no longer all about nature.
WE SAW CABHEG MAN OVER 100 time
at 7:57 im pretty sure it says "oh how are you handling (sounds like hangling tho??)," and then the other woman replies, "i'm a little nervous, yes." but like wtf does that mean???
The Baker Street Joke made me laugh out loud
3:30 Legend of Korra has pro bending
*SHE'S NOT MY GIRLFRIEND*
It’s kind of fitting that was the last time we here Makos voice acting almost like a  funeral in a way
Me at 2:48  HE SAID THE THING
I normally don't get mad at people for making fun of stuff, or stuff I personally like, but when I heard someone, who never knew anything about Avatar, and was just trying to do the "I know a thing" thing, where they want to fit in, but they can't, he just went "I know how to make an Avatar fan sad..." and tried singing "Leaves from the Vine", I got genuinely pissed off, as a 27 year-old adult...  Something about that just really bothered me, and I never care or feel for fictitious characters very often, but something about insulting a scene about a man grieving his lost son, over a war he was a part of... the music... the framing... the message... It just got under my skin, and I can never forget the moment of pure anger it caused me, because it felt offensive, like I was mad FOR Iroh - like he was a real person, and not mad because I was a fan of the show, and someone was just trying to leech off of a conversation.  My grandfather was a field medic in WW2, and Iroh reminded me so much of him, like his seemingly-endless advice, calm tone, love of the natural world, and that feeling he always had some deep baggage that he carried when he was alone... My grandfather never wanted to be considered a "war hero", or "incredible", and just wanted to live a calm and simple life, and he never spoke highly of what he saw or did during the war... He also sang a lot, and when I saw this episode, he had passed away, the year prior... I cried, and I still feel the same emotions when I see this scene, years later.  Yeah, moral of my story, don't leech off a show or something, and then try to meme a serious moment, because it makes you look like a gigantic asshole in front of people who've actually seen something that's intended to be very emotional and powerful.
Zuko begins the day afraid she knows he's Fire nation only to end up firebending right in front of her. She gets him to let his guard down a bit.
this nigga bout to run out of episodes and will have to make videos about korra lmao
So does the Haiku lady walk around with a plum ok her sleeve?
bro fuck tearing up i full on burst into to tears at leaves from the vine
Tophs hair got messy again and covered her face after she walked away from the girls that picked on her
Did? did you forget about cabbage man?!?
2:08
2:02
2:00
2:06
Eh Jin would of been a better match for Zuko over Mai
0:45 I would be open to reading some fanfiction stories about Avatar and aliens. I even tried to write one two years ago. I wouldn't want it to be something like "Aliens created Bending and evolved into Spirits", but I do want to see how some characters would react to meeting an alien.
8:55 - How could you miss Zuko's Sigma male moment? That was a textbook example of executing rule 342:  "Consider all females as hostile."
That b*itchy girl was voiced by Tara Strong, aka the best female voice actor of all time.
2:47 ^Rocky Relationship^
12:13 pretty sure they are Panther-Cats
I would love if there were more episodes like this
There is something wrong whit your video, at 4:50 mark video gets all blurry and hard to see
In the tale of sokka i would say the murmuring is "openly making him a little nervous" and a couple of yeses, but i'm not a hundred percent could be somting else. And i have to add i love the videos.
I've been trying to learn guitar during the pandemic, and the first thing i learned was leaves from the vine
"There's nuts, and there's fruits." 5 "In Fall the cleaned plum drops" 6 "Always to be squashed" 5  Haiku lady either messed up big. Or counted drops or cleaned as two syllables.
3:32 Not sure if this is a subtle jab towards Pro Bending
In Sokka's tale they say "opening night I'm alittle nervous" it actually hit me when I was half asleep lol
It never occurred to me until that Iroh's wife is never mentioned throughout the show. I presume she passed away shortly after Lu ten was born so his death hit Iroh even harder.
Now im thinking if Iroh met luten in the spirit world (sorry for the misspelling of names or if he already met luten)
Tale of Iroh is way too painful for me watch ever since my older brother died in 2016. He was only 27 years old. I know exactly the pain Iroh is going through with his loss of Lu Ten.
Can you finish book 3
4:54 I'm not crying it's just something when I'm sad water comes out of my eyes
I think Tophs Liedetector ability is more something she has to concentrate on, like she is probably hard to lie to in a one to on conversation but after having a girls day at the Spa, feeling great about herself she was probably not checking if that random bimbo that said something when passing by was saying the truth
"The late, great Mako." Not to even state the Meta in the whole story in that it was Mako's last episode, and that he knew he was going to pass away. The song is not only Iroh singing to his late son, but his own eulogy.
nah those hog monkies deserved the tidal wave Katara gave em
We need a whole sports bending show
I always thought about what Jin's reaction would be like after the way. When she found out she went on a date with the current firelord.
Just excellent
I follow the theory Iroh purposely gave Zuko a bad hair style so the girl would mess it up.
Opa namei oh, nervous or im nervous
This damn video almost made me cry. Let alone the actual show.
I feel like Toph would accept compliments very differently than most since she can tell if they're lying or genuine. She completely knew at that point that Katara thought she was pretty, which is an assurance few people get to 100% know someone else things.
Iroh best man
”I can't play the song for copyright reasons" _blares Baker Street_
3:32 i gotta say, this point reminds me of one of the few things i liked about korra, and that was pro bending, they turn what is a very natural part of this world into a sport, something that seems extremely natural considering republic city's resemblance to a 1920's new york.
Fuck man that date scene pissed me off like so bad. Like Jesus someone wants to be a virgin for life.    Ah fuck who am I kidding, zuko is a fucking chad
Random thought but say Zuko turned good and did stay with Jin in Ba Sing Se … if they had a child, they would probably end up being a fire bender … Jin would be confused lol
Specialty bending is overrated, plain earth bending superiority
Also when katara assures toph she’s really pretty, toph would know if katara was lying, so her reassurance would be accepted easily.  Also, I ALSO cry every single damn time at Iroh’s story.
12:27 NORMAL MONKEY!  That said, it makes sense that safe for the normal dog in the Oasis, seemingly regular animals are mostly present as exotic pets in the Earth Kingdom, which makes sense considering how in the past people would sometimes follow similar things because their monarch did it.
In tales of sokka one of the instructors haikus has a 5-6-5 syllable structure, and it's ignored. "In fall the clean plum drops" is 6 not 7 syllables
I’ve always felt like Toph’s “I know who I am,” speech was more of a self-assurance, like she was calming/composing herself more than explain to Katara
Only God is the perfect Trinity! Repent and trust in the one and only God who is infinitely above all and be saved truly! Amen! For He loves us so!
Why did the haiku lady have a freaking plum in her robe at a poetry meeting?
I asume bending sports being cool and too bad we don't see it more is a juke as korra has probending
To be fair, Toph looks like a Dude pretending to be a Girl (Bad bad T-Word) with the makeup.
2:48 EEYyyyyHGHHHGHh!!!!! GET IT!! ROCKY RELATIONSHIP!! CUZ- CUZ- AGhhhhhhh Looks like the Sokka PFP went deeper than just "detective".
The momo tale makes me cry
7:35 I would also like to say that those are farms and some are entirely enveloped by Aang making the zoo. Some farmers just lost a lot of their income.
I thought you said "God have mercy on your sole" LMAO
This is my favorite episode of Avartar.
Shoutout to Aang for fucking up all that farmland.
See what I mean, Mommo is very smart!
When he said " HAHA, ada-boy Iroh", it is exactly what I think when watching that scene
So this is like the main time we get to see the cast just in their down time right? Just doing what they do on the daily? SO THE MAIN THING WE SEE IROH DO IN HIS DOWN TIME IS MOURN THANKS
Rocky relationship?? my guy thats an unintentional pun and i call that a SIN
Momo smart, yet he couldn't find Katara and Sokka water when they were sick.
This episode annoyed me when it first came out
Holy crap in the aerial shop from up above it definitely looks like aang is definitely chopping up some Farmers fields.
There are more bending sports in the show. In the second episode they play airball at the southern air temple.
3:17 lol same feeling
I rly wish Zuko and Iroh had stayed in Ba Sing Se and that Zuko ended up dating Jin.  F*ck Mai. All my homies hate Mai.
What’s the concept of bending like for aliens?
Toph can only feel when someone is lying if they don’t believe what they are saying.  But if you believe what you’re saying, she won’t sense anything different
Is it just me or does Iroh’s son look like a younger Mako?
The "In Honor of Mako" being interrupted by a f ing youtube ad is the most disrespectful thing I have ever seen
by far my favorite episode
I gotta commend you on your ad placement just as Zuko closes his eyes 😂 you suckered me completely - well played.
7:25 its the cabbage man
You see Hogmonkeys in Jet though?
For the murmuring I heard random stuff and then "I'm a little nervous yes."
im only here for the song that made me cry twice
I think the reason Toph couldn't tell they were lying was because they weren't. They really thought it was good for a clown.
imagine how different construction would be with earth and airbending, even firebending
Iroh is a Father without a Son and it hurts
aliens, not you know....spirit monsters from the spirit world. idk.
“Rocky relationship”
So in omashu it’s people in soldier outfits handling the delivery system. Does that mean that the military handles that job or is it more of every earth bender in the city is a soldier and sometimes have to do civilian jobs like the mail system and they are in uniform because it is wartime after all
Loved that he said they had a "rocky relationship" auahauahaa
7:15 saxophone song?!?
Fun fact you missed, the guy who tried to rob Iroh was in the previous episode when team avatar was getting a tour of the lower ring.
comment
Honestly katara almost always takes stuff too far, so it makes sense
There’s a really good Leaves from the Vine lofi rendition on yt if you like that sort of thing
0:36 underrated editing. Since you flipped the Ozai's flying away scene so it fits.  Love these small details. It's great.
Just noticed.  First thing Zuko says about Jin is ”She knows we're fire nation." The end of the episode is he revealing himself to be fire nation.
You should've made note that the symbols on lu ten's picture says "see you when we win the war, your loyal son, Lu Ten
Bro the cabbage guy joke kills me
9:15 Same, dude. SAME. Honestly, Zuko's Tale is my favorite part of this episode, and Jin's the main reason.
I've always wondered the thought process behind the order of the stories. Obviously having the tale of Momo last made sense since it tied in to the over arching story. But beyond that I was at a loss.
Mini Panthers? Oh you mean ferrel cats.
Good!
i can't for the love off me figure out where that saxophone sound effect is from  nvm its baker street
When i lead my first DnD round with my best friend and his GF i had them Getting mugged by a similar Charakter as the one in the iroh tale. My friend Tried to talk the guy out of it and asked why Hes doing that. I just responded: are you tryin to Do the uncle iroh Thing? I had to make Him a skill check and He failed so He had to Knock the mugger out.
One of my favorite episodes bc of the character building and subtle storytelling for a couple of them.
I always assumed the Panthers in Momo's story were just strays leftover from the zoo episode with Aang.
1:27 I wonder why they picked on Toph when Katara has the same makeup. That's messed up. I think both Toph and Katara look beautiful. I also loved their look in the "City of Walls and Secrets" episode.
This shit is comedy 😭😭😭😭😭😭
"dah fakk here we go" *already laugh crying*
I can’t tell if those closed captions are real and it’s scaring me
Toph and Katara have a *Rocky Relationship* hahaha *slap-a-pow*
man, just seeing that small moment here where Iroh honors his son made me choke again. All it took was the music...
The whispering sounds like "oh money pei, him a little nervous"
1:35 i'm so glad i'm not the only one who uses vapid as a description for this exact type of person
I'm pretty sure that when he sees the cabbage merchant he has an episode of memory loss. Some sort of trance
I know I'm late but I just want to say that it's really cool that they didn't make Zuko have the ability to juggle just by virtue of his martial arts skills... As an avid juggler I can say for certain that no other skills translate into juggling and the only way to be able to do it is to put in the hours committing it to muscle memory.
Are you trolling about the cabbage guy? He was in season 1 episode 9 during the chase from the pirates.
3:47
of course katara would say it, but toph knows she's not lying
I cry every time iroh story plays
I guess we re not taking a sports in legend of Korra into account?
Okay when u played baker street for the whistle, you earned a watcher for life
theres a great many lees
@12:42 Idk if these subtitles match the actual show loooool
The toph alien part is funny because she really just looks like a snail
How are you on the episode tales from Ba sing sa and you don't know who the cabbage merchant is? His whole purpose is just to have his cabbages destroyed. It's not like it's already happened three other times in the series up until now. XD
I laughed out loud at the subtitles you added at 12:35. Great touch lol, even if most people probably don't even have them enabled.
It's even more deep Iroh's story is that the translation from Lu-Ten on that parchment was along the lines of I can't wait to see you soon father when this is over
The little mini panthers are maybe from the zoo
The mermering in sakas part say “oh I am little nuveris”
The "random cabbage man" was a recurring joke in a few other episodes. It wasn't just out of nowhere.
It upsets me that Jin didn't get more screen time. She is a much better character and love interest for Zuko than Mai will ever be
PLEASE IF YOU'RE A FAN OF A:TLA AND LOK THIS THEORY: So in the tale of Zuko, the girl, Jin, that Zuko went out with is actually Mako and Bolin's grandmother, Yin. When Zuko struggled to put a name together and said his name was Lee, she noticed he gave her a fake name so told Zuko his name was Jin. I really believe this is true, and I hope you do too!!
Jin (probably misspelled) is so much better than Mai.
The girl really did think it was good makeup. She wasn't lying. That's why she attacked Toph because girls are ruthless and if another girl is better than them they attack them to try to bring them to their own level
Thisss guyyyy, A "Rocky" relationship he says about Toph and Katara
I think the reason toph can’t tell the girl that compliments her makeup is lying is because she wasn’t. The girl DID actually like Toph’s makeup, which is why she followed it up with an insult to try to degrade Toph’s confidence
You really haven't noticed the cabbage merchant in the series before this episode?? You watched this more times then you counted right? I assume that was sarcasm then
also nevermind the permits, Aang clearly made that pen directly through people's farms.. it's easy to forget a walled city still has farms outside, people gotta eat and there's not enough walled space for that. the idea is once your farm gets attacked, you retreat behind the city walls. that's like where castles came from
Going at least as far back as The Little Mermaid, I have noticed that even the highest-quality animators seem to have trouble keeping feet consistent. It's just not something they draw often enough I think to get their individual characteristics straight. Especially since here they were referencing someone with calluses who prooobably wasn't a young girl. Thinking about that though, shouldn't Toph WANT her calluses exfoliated, so she could see better? or would it not matter.. Elephants have pretty thick skin on their soles and they can detect all kinds of vibrations. I dunno.
ayyyy
2:55 tough could most probably read weather kithara was telling the truth
I actually do think this is the best episode in the series, and not just because of Iroh. This is like, the only time in the series that so many different creatives were given control over the direction of a short. Each individual tale is written by a different member of the team, and you can see the different talents each one brings to the table. One hits the emotions hard and heavy, two others are cute character growth moments in radically different manners, one is a fun power display with newly acquired earthbending skills, and the last is a nearly-silent short about an animal trying to find his buddy. The range of talents displayed in this episode is just incredible.
Rip mako
also describing Katara and Toph as having a "Rocky Relationship"......Jesus Christ I fucking died sir, great description, really Punny and an even better reference to a future episode
That's one of the things I loved about ATLA, it wasn't about beating a fire nation, it was about the gaang having to beat a fire nation. They were the story.
Lets be honest, we all gave Uncle Iroh that pass at the family BBQ. He's family.
When Katara said Toph was pretty, Toph would have known if she wasn't being sincere. Chokes me up.
2:50 you could say it’s water under the bridge
Bruh said “vapid bitch energy”
Damn Irohs story. Just watching THIS makes me well up some when he's start singing.
I'm really bothered by the fact that Zuko is so inept in social interaction that when asked what job he had in the circus he immediately forgets that he can be a really convincing Sword Dancer.  Really relatable, the social ineptitude part.
Iroh would be proud of you, putting out content of something you love doing/watching and making others happy and sharing in your thoughts and moments.
The favorites from this episode is easily Iroh and Zuko
I came back and cried at your analysis of iroh’s story.. again
2:48 "Toph and Katara have had a ROCKY relationship".... its funny because she is an earthbender... that is all :)
Jin is so cute so confident so sweet and she has an amazing voice wish she was in the story more
The guy crying is obviously the cabbage guy how screams my cabbages all the time
*mentions katara and toph having a rocky relationship*  Me: time to go watch ember island players
Great video!
the thing that greek voice acting is more on point than the english one but sometimes they forgot to turn of the english acting off or completely said different thing like toph once said something about her being a happy rich AIRbender or when a fira nation general said something about ba sing se in greek he said bbaaaa ZING gze and it sounded really weird
Evidence of totally normal panthers?
Does no one else think zuko SPRINTING away from song after the kiss is the worst/best thing ever. Goddamn nerd
Iroh is the best fucking character, fight me
Since Toph sees with vibrations through her feet that foot scrapping scene to her is the equivalent to someone shining a light in her eyes
Holy fuck i never even thought of how ba sing se is hiding the war and firebenders wouldnt mean anything to them leaving zuko okay to risk the candle lighting
1:08 I think it's becaus then she was in disguise, she didn't do it for fun. I assume she's gone to treatments before and feeling annoyed cause she didn't have a choice in it "Come on, it'll be fun" or something I imagine her parents would say. Absolutely am on the train that she's happier because it was her own choice for fun 1:18 and maybe here she was hoping they wouldn't say more cause she wanted to keep feeling good 12:07 It's easy to believe they were just weird animals that didn't make it out during Aang's zoo stuff earlier in the episode!
Toph and Katara had a rocky relationship? Wait, but I thought Toph and Aang had a “rocky” relationship?!?!
I’ve watched this (and every other) episode dozens of times and it never hit me that Iroh was being a father figure to everyone else until you pointed it out, holy fuck I love this channel
I thought aang couldn't do two elements at once without the avatar state but he just does it like it nothing to catch the animals
:D
umm smth about "opening night" and being "nervous"
Wait, I thought zuko recoiled from the kiss because he’s in a relationship with Mai??
Is this the other time someone earth bends without being grounded? 7:35
Zujin is the only ship I'm following
i understand the whole touching iroh scene its very powerful and hes a fan favorite but i for one do not like iroh,hes weak and his weakness leads to alot of people suffering,if iroh fought for his right to the throne the war would have ended sooner leading to less suffering,if he continued the siege of ba sing sa the war would have ended sooner and there would be less suffering,if he killed aang the first time zuko captures him the war would have ended sooner and there would be less suffering,if he helped azula capture zuko aang wouldnt learn firebending and the war would have ended with less suffering,there as so many ways he could have helped shape the world but everything he does leads to more war and more suffering are those not the traits of an antagonist?...and yet everyone seems to like this character....i dont undersatnd it.
Listen man, Limitless is not a word, it's the name of a movie. If you are not held by a limit, then you may proceed with unlimited direction. If you are less the limited, then you are within the limit.
I just had an idea who was the lucky lady who Iroh married also as far as i can see she died before him
6:10 My guy said "IDK y'all, I can't find the words" then perfectly finds the few words that speak volumes. 10/10
dude, you almost made me cry in public.
11:56 The bag was filled with fur to distract Azula.
I get more and more emotional at the Iroh part that even him pushing the flower into the shade tears me up
8:36 she says six syllables!!
I'm pretty sure the guy crying in the background is the cabbage merchant.
Rotundra
"Aww fuck. Okay. Here we go" summarizes that feeling perfectly.
Iro is my favrit charictir and some of these momints are just it makes me emotiomal
Small detail, but I appreciate how Katara laughs along at Toph's alien-mud-face joke. I feel like most other shows would've had her be mad about Toph not taking their expensive spa day seriously, and the moral would be "don't make your tomboy friend do girly stuff" or something like that, but having her laugh along just feels so much more natural 👀
When zuko is having dinner the tea pot turns invisible and visible
Hello good to see someone who loves avatar like me
He didn't mention, but when Katara compliments Toph and called her pretty, Toph believes her because she would be able to tell if Katara was lying. That was always a touching moment for me :,)
Rip Jin Deserved more Screen Time
10:39 Well a Women who’ll kiss on the very first date is usually a hussy!
The alien thing got me thinking: Maybe there's some spirits who can make themselves seen by regular people in the Avatar universe and most people don't know there's spirits with that kind of power, so they believe the spirits who do this are from another planet. It'd make sense considering how weird spirits can look and it'd keep the series grounded without sci-fi stuff.
this was my LEAST faveriot episode. no one made any progress, it was just a life lesson and that's it.
Love Jin wish she was in more episodes or even the main cast she's so sweet and so cute too
I don't think Toph was trying to look like an alien. It seemed more like she was a pretending to be a slug/snail.
Is it a filler episode? Yes, and it’s one that every other show ever could learn from.
Toph in the last episode got dolled up for a job. and acting like how she used to hate. But in this episode shes getting dolled up for herself. Something she never saw herself wanting to do.
4:00 actually i m the type of guy that says i want to be a fire bender cause i could heat my tea more easily or i would like to airbend so i would recreate the air scooter
0:40 Why have legends and sightings of aliens when you have actual proof of spirits? What's even the difference?
I think Toph did know that girl was lying She just wanted to bask in a compliment for a few moments, even if it was a fake one....
Honestly we always thought that Jin just fuckin... figured it out and didn't care... a little bit of "There are decent people in this world, even at war!" in the series that we sometimes forget. Some people aren't willing to just abandon people because they're "the enemy." Right off the bat Jin is really depicted as this very open minded young women with her goals in order who doesn't let Zuko's more abrasive bits get in the way of her actually learning about him. It's nice.
we heard "I'm a little nervous" from the mutterings.
this thing aang does... proves that he's really just... NOT the happy go lucky good boy everyone says he is! Dude's a fuckin rebel! Him and his main man Toph! XD
oh man... tale of Iroh... we cry... EVERY time...
So about that guy that tried to rob Iroh. The line "I'm just confused" always seemed a little strange, like, that's not what someone would say. However, in the Dutch translation, this line was changed to something like "I just don't know anymore", which basically means the same thing, but it fits so much better. Usually I don't like when shows are translated and especially dubbed, because the original lines & intonation are truest to the writer's vision. However, I think that specific change is great.
It sounds like  their saying “oh yes I’m a little nervous “
7:54 open a mango. Come on, your nervousness.  Truly this is a poem of a powerful but pampered figure struggling to understand basic concepts such as making their own tea, peeling their own banana, and opening their own mango. In a life where we get handed everything, we lose the ability to do anything, and we become nervous as we struggle and are forced to realize that no, we cant. But the people around us can still encourage us while acknowledging that we do not believe in ourselves.
Regarding the guy with the knife that tries to mug Iroh, I always thought "damn, they really managed to somehow draw fingers that look like they might be good for massaging!" Like.. How does the meeting for this go? "Dude, I need some hands, that look like they could knead some stiff shoulders"? . Always loved this bit.
I'll add this. Iroh's replacement VA refuses to sing Leaves from the Vine, out of respect for his late former VA. Beautiful
Me training in Tai Chi, I could be a water Bender.
the coolest thing about the ending of the toph and katara bit is that if you think about it toph knows that katara isn’t lying when she told her she’s pretty which adds another layer to her instantly feeling reassured
12:27 wait, could that be ……… ? *A REGULAR MONKEY?!?!?!?!* That was missed in editing?
7:30 earth bending without touching the ground!
I hate how every time we have a cabbage merchant you say we never seen him. But he is there like every couple episodes getting his cart destroyed.
When the lady was talking in rhymes ard 8:40, it was actually a reference to how old Chinese sounded like, much like how people made fun of Old English and Shakespeare English and such. The thing abt old Chinese is that they liked using very few words to encapsulate long sentences, and also enjoyed a lot of metaphors(they read very beautifully in Old Chinese). One major downside is it made language learning extra difficult, most peasants already don’t have access to it because poverty and that’s just a final hit for education to be more impossible.  However, Old Chinese literature are still very much enjoyable and they can be beautiful in a breathtaking way. Very much like Japanese haikus, they can only truly be appreciated in their respective written languages. Forms of Chinese literature can also vary drastically throughout different dynasties, most famously Tang-Shi which are poems from the Tang Dynasty. But even for poems, there’re also different styles and rules that are trendy in different periods. Nowadays Chinese/Mandarin is much more simplified and easy to understand, but I do think it’s a shame that the cultural revolution killed off a lot of these beautiful relics.
I think the end of the murmuring is "I'm a little nervous" which makes me think she's referring to probably having to perform her poetry in a little bit, and maybe one of the voices in the first part is someone asking her how she feels about it, it seems like there's two people talking at once though.
7:08 we need that single clip
That Tale of Momo and the appas lost day episode hit different. That's shit making grown men cry when first watching it unless you don't have a fucking soul bro.
Germans about this episode's name be like:  Tales of Basing Se <Geschichten ausm Paulanergarten
Dude what do you mean this is the first time we see the cabbage man we see him in like 2 other episodes
I always thought that tree was the same one that Lu Ten was burried at, and thats why Iroh went there specifically. And i always took it as Iroh was at his lowest then, in front of that dead tree, that his men burned, confronting his son's grave for the first time in darkness, and now, Iroh has found new meaning in life, and he is no longer about destroying but creating and supporting new life, which then ties into the part of the video where you talk about him filling those fatherly acts leading to him celebrating his son's birthday in a new light, under a regrown tree.  Overanalyzing Overanalyzing Avatar
"oh are they ready yet?, I'm a little nervous" was all I could make out at the start of sokkas story
Those first three girls that harrass Toph still have a pulse, they're having a good day.
Forgot tales of ba sing included iroh   legit said "Fuck no" the second it popped up, was not ready for those feels again lmaooooo
I loved this episode, because it has the emotions on point! Iroh was very wise and somehow he's my favorite char
The Iroh moment always makes me tear up but that isn't the only reason this episode saddens me. This is pretty much everything we get of Jin and it would be nice if we had so much more of her. I feel the same of Suki despite her getting significantly more screen time than Jin does
Iroh's "escape from alcatraz" homage is one of the most badass things in the show.
im not sure if the "too bad we're never gonna see bending sports again" is a joke about pro bending in LoK or if he genuinely forgot pro bending was a thing and just got sad that atla didn't use bending sports past those kids in the aftermath of sozin's comet playing ball over those stacked tanks
press F to pay respect for Mako
Man Iroh is one of the best characters in any show I've seen.
GODDAMN IT THIS ANALYSIS ITSELF MADE ME START TEARING UP MAN FUCK
What, no comment on Sokka shaving with his machete like a stud?
There's two types of filler episodes: Good filler and bad filler. This is good filler.
actually the cabbage merchant has been a running gag throughout the series, starting in Omashu when they met bumi
I feel like Iroh doing nice things for the people of Ba Sing Se as a commoner is himself trying to make up the what he did years ago as a General. Almost like an atonement for his sins.
7:23 7:27 that seems like a lost episode creepypasta thing right there lol
7:50 i heard oppai is heavy, the nervous
I still can't see the Iroh part of this episode without tears
What?! The cabbage guy is in multiple episodes before this one! He always gets his cabbages destroyed, it’s like a running joke through the series.
one thing I noticed is that it shows iroh doing father moments with a baby, teen/preteen then adult.
🤘
i hope i can sing leaves from the vine to one of my kids one day, they can keep Mako's spirit alive.
Leaves from the vine Falling so slow Like fragile, tiny shells Drifting in the foam Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Comes marching home  Those leaves did grow From branches overgrown Drifting slowly down Resting on the loam Little soldier boy Taken from home Forced to fight a war That's not his own  Leaves from the vine Changing so slow Like fragile, broken hearts With no place to go Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Comes marching home  Leaves from the vine Frosting so slow Like mighty, barren trees Wilting by a rose Little soldier boy Cold and alone Brave soldier boy Worlds away from home  Ash in the snow Falling so slow Like empty, drifting souls Looking for their home Little soldier boy Thought he could soar Brave soldier boy Fallen in their war  Leaves from the vine Falling so slow Like fragile tiny shells Drifting in the foam Little soldier boy Says "Carry me home" Sleeping soldier boy Is carried home  Lyrics by: Mako, Reinaery, unknown YouTube commenter, and myself Arrangement by: myself All credit truly belongs to Mako (RIP)
3:39 wait, don’t we see bending with sports at the southern air temple in S 1, ep 2 with aang and Sokka, also in the last episode in ba sing se with the kids playing volleyball over the tanks that bumi stacked in the liberation of the city?
This episode was great. Such a cool idea that adds lots of character development.
Legend of Korra shows more bending sports
The tale of Iroh dosent spell it out  But Iroh Broke after he lost Lu tan.   He saw the war as a trivial endeavor of the family, he was already looking for membership to or was a white lotas He spared the last 2 dragons, you think he was murdering people in basingsa?  Only warriors who wont back down, and thats a honorable death  He was only in Ba sing sa on orders from his father, and he was a god among men, untouchable        But he wasent able to save his own son Put the rest of his life in perspective  And its why he went on to be a grandmater white lotas member Its why he respects Zuko, cuz Zuko has the birthright and the will to defy his fathers insanity. Zuko may not always show it, but to stand up for whats right to he general like that  Hes going to make a fine leader, everyone makes mistakes. Hes gonna do fine
Even tho Toph can know if someone is lying, she may have been caught "of guard" by the "nice makeup" comment, since she was just oppening to catara out of her comfort zone; on the same topic, even tho catara says nice things all the time, after being caught off guard, toph probably "raised her deffences" again after being hurt so she probably was paying attention to cataras sincerity in her comment, therefore making it more valuable to her. Great videos btw.
Random cabbage merchant? Sarcasm, right?
Tree fact: Redwoods are in the Cedar family of trees
Fun fact that stance the knife wielding thug at 3:56 uses is common for people who fight on ships, it is so you can rapidly shift your weight to maintain balance.
Tale of Iroh... I 100% agree, best few minutes the show has.  I've seen this short dozens if not over a hundred times... I tear up every time, every single time. I would like to offer something I have never seen or heard others mention as to why I think this is the case (beyond the obvious outstanding presentation of it, along with the personal moments of Mako in the studio doing this recording).  We are so affected because for a season and a half, we are presented with Iroh.  He is amazingly well written, acted, portrayed and all the other adjectives appropriate to his character.  I have not come across one person where he was not in the top 3 favorite characters (from what I've seen he is mostly #1).  We adore and love him.  Seriously, we love Iroh.  It is this affection that I thinks adds to the punch to our tear ducts and hearts when we see the ending of his story.
The Zuko's "best hair" callback gag fucked me up. Hilarious man.   Also really good insight on just how deeply impactful Iroh's tale is other than "his son died," which obviously still hurts, but damn. It's the same city he lost his son in, an ENEMY city, AND he's trying to make up for lost time with his late son by being a father to everyone else, TO HIS ENEMIES?? That's a lot to take in.
0:50 watch Katara’s exposed upper body very carefully
The bit about Toph feeling girly: dressing up as she knew how to do for a formal occasion would just feel like a 'for the mission/I've known how to do this since I was a kid' it wouldn't mean the same thing. Getting pampered in a spa is taking the time to appreciate yourself and dressing up with makeup to make yourself feel better, which is why she called it 'girly' most likely. Also, she probably picked up 'I hate you' or that the heckler believed what she said to Toph, and in moments of emotional vulnerability snide comments tend to hurt a lot more, possibly clouding any other meaning.
You don't know the cabbage man? He shows up in a bunch of episodes 😂
"A STIFF BREEZE" 😭😭😭
I don’t cry easy but tales of iroh just, mmmm! My feels!
such a great channel man, i watched all of this content in like 2 days
The “alien” toph was looking like was basically a snail or slug I believe. Creatures in the avatar universe are freaky by nature.
2:49 HA “ROCKY” relationship I get it
2:49   You clever son of a bitch
Love These videos
I’m 30 years old and I still can’t watch the momo story that shit hits to hard.
Zuko and Jinn's tale is my favourite over the Iroh one, tbh.
Not me crying.... AGAIN
Iroh is also very much a father to Zuko so that’s what I’ve always taken from Iroh’s “if only I were able to help you” line at the end. In a way Iroh was trying to “save” Zuko in a way he couldn’t with his own son
Muddy relationship* waste opportunity for a pun
The tale of iroh makes me fr sob everytime
3:18 "Ah fuck okay here we go" No more relatable line has been spoken.
On the mermers I hear don't say a word it will make him nervous
How did the cabbage guy get in side the walls he couldn't get on the train and the plata bear eat his cabbages
E I'm here for recommendations
Boys cried at Yue's death Men cried at the Zuko/Iroh reunion Legends cried at the tale of Iroh. Myths cried at the tale of Iroh Hei bai cried at the tale of Iroh
7:07 "Who is this random cabbage merchant we have never seen before?" Have you not been paying attention?
3:34 they have more in legend of kora
The tuft of fur in Sokka's bag is actually from when Aang used it to store a bunch of fur to lure Azula away. and the Panther-cats might have just been left over from when Aang tried to lure the animals out of the city. Might have just missed a few.
late comment, but interesting thing i've discovered about the 5-7-5 poetry style.  While you're 100% right about the Haiku, AFAIK, Sokka's interpretation would be classified as a "senryū" which uses the same format, is less serious, and generally depicts people. so he's engaging in counter-banter with a similar, but different style of poetry. which is interesting to a nerd like me.
I'm confused.  He talks about never seeing Cabbage merchant again in the other episode and how we never see bending in sports again in this episode.  Is this his way of dunking on TLOK?  Does he not like the second series or something?
somewhat rocky relationship LMAO 🤣
Is this a filler: No story-altering events, *technically* if this was never aired nobody would be the wiser. But it certainly deserves its place in the series despite that.
The words don't exist bro, they just don't
The fact that leaves from the vine isn't just a goodbye to his son but also a goodbye to us the viewers 😢
3:39 theres that one airbender game with the poles that aang showed katara and sokka
how does this shithead seem to recognize background characters who look vaguely similar to other background characters, yet everytime cabbage man shows up, hes like "I've never met this man in my life"
3:40 *Wei and Wing left the chat*
As for the whispering, I know at least person is saying "I'm a little nervous"
My headcanon is that, fairly or not, Iroh blames himself for being the sort of role model that Ozai is to Zuko. That is, someone he now sees as undeserving who their son nevertheless looks up to and wants to emulate. Think about it — who knows if Lu Ten would even have wanted to grow up to be in the military were it not for his father being a respected general? Similarly everything Zuko does in most of season 1 and many parts besides is to try to get Ozai's approval. My belief is that (whether fairly or not, who can say?) Iroh blames himself for not adequately instilling in Lu Ten that he would be proud of him no matter what path he chose; and perhaps even pushing Lu Ten into joining the military. While I don't think Iroh was ever as cruel or uncaring as Ozai, I do think he likely had a bunch of blind spots which Lu Ten's death brought into sharp relief. Maybe he remembered a bunch of times when Lu Ten had expressed doubts about the military, and Iroh had dismissed them, because of course he'd want to become a general like his dad, who wouldn't? It's not a mistake I can see Aang-era Iroh making but it's a mistake I can see Iroh who laughs about burning down an entire city making. You know, maybe Lu Ten thought it'd be a big disappointment to Iroh if he did something else, because they'd never had that conversation — or maybe he didn't, but maybe Iroh thought Lu Ten might have thought this way. In my headcanon, this is when he learnt the importance of instilling in folks that they don't need to emulate him to get his approval, and that they should be free to choose their own path. It's also, in my mind, when he started taking a proper interest in his niece and nephew, and realised the same thing he blames himself for with Lu Ten was happening with Zuko. While Iroh was definitely a better person than Ozai to start with, in my mind this is where a lot of his great life advice comes from — bitter experience. Of course the third and most obvious thing is that it would also cause Iroh to reexamine the justness of the war with the earth kingdom, but this is so obvious and kind of besides the point of this post I won't say any more about that.  Just rewatch the conversation between Iroh and Zuko under Lake Laogai and see what I mean. In my mind this is Iroh desperately trying to get Zuko to turn away from the same path that doomed his own son.
So Jin either didn’t know about the war or she just Ed didn’t mind Zuko being a fire bender, cause there’s no way she thought those lamps light up on their own or that Zuko managed to light them without bending as fast as he did.
"who is the cabbage man weve never seen before" breh he appears like 3 times i think, from omashu and before, all he does on screen is get his cabbages smashed, thats why hes giving up in this scene
He said rOcKy ReLaTiOnShIp
am i still the only one who doesn’t think that the tale of Iroh isn’t the saddest episode/scene in the show 😭
The infuriating voice acting you've pointed at at 1:28 is Grey DeLisle. A little known fact is that this was actually Azula in disguise running a psy-op to try to crush Toph's confidence and weaken the team. lol
Tale of Iroh got me as a kid still gets me as an adult.
Zuko: bout to get a kiss.  Youtube: HeY yOu WaNnA sEe An Ad For MaKeUp??????
you missed momos dance D;
Bingewatching this channel only makes you binge watch ATLA over and over!
"JUST FLY UP YOU IDIOT" not even a second later "oh nevermind" bro that was great
I dont understand. you somehow analyse every bit of ATLA to the individual stones in a cave yet you keep saying that WE HAVE NEVER SEEN THE CABBAGE VENDOR and you DON'T GET THE JOKE. How, for someone so perceptive as you, to not the running gag in book 3 of the flippin cabbage vendor. Unless i'm just ignorant and you do know the joke and don't feel the need to elaborate.
Three weeks late, but there is a correction to your assumption I would like to make regarding the Toph Mud Mask scene. She was not doing an alien style look with the mud mask, that is actually how Snails and slugs where depicted in many eastern cultures. It being Toph, she would have known what they "look" like, and in her mind, scaring or offending the more "lady like" waitresses and staff with a slimy and disgusting slug would have easily been within the realm of Toph's imagination, certainly more so than the idea of aliens who's only depiction would be through pictures, a medium Toph is not familiar with.
Toph is the best <3 - just in general. Iroh's story is so sad, & poignant.
I cant tell if he’s joking about the cabbage man
The way Katara/Mae says "Yeah, you are" just warms my heart so much, I can't explain it. It makes me feel safe and a little bit teary, I want someone to say that in that tone with me
I love how you do the patreon readings
There is no missing kids in be sing sa
When he’s making the zoo he’s clearly bending over farm lands too
I still think Jin had better chemistry then Mai.
swear the whisper said always nervous
So from my point of view. It isn't a "filler episode" it is an episode that fills up the characters
I got one thing so say... 😭
Avatar has pretty much no filler, but ok i can think of about 2 episodes that stood out for being bad and rather boring. and you surely all know. we could call the fire nation recap play a filler, and to be fair it has always feelt pretty weird to me that the fire nation had there story down... tho thinking about it also a bit creepy, impleys the fire nation has been one step behind them constantly, collecting information at every point. and at some point deciding to use this information to make a propaganda play.
He doesn’t have to play the song. I know it and hear it by heart
Its said the mako's tears were real because he knew he was dying.
Currently crying
09:21 - i heard someone once say Iroh deliberately styled Zuko's hair so obviously badly with the intention that, obviously, Jyn would mess it up, providing Zuko with the first bit of friendly, intimate physical contact from a girl his own age that he would've felt since being in the fire nation with Mai
When you list the names, your voice sounds like the commentators in Clone Drone in the Danger Zone. If you don’t know it, look it up yo
i love that this channel's running gag is that he doesn't know tf Cabbage guy is  it is the perfect counter for cabbage guy
Great video as always. Thank you
The way they explain toph finding out lies is that your heartbeat gets faster because you aren't sure if they'll fall for it (at least that's what I always thought). Based on that the girl lied to roast so she wouldn't have that kind of reaction right?
The fact that Irhro starts with a budding flower into helping people in aging order and fathers them and gives advice appropriate to thier age.
Not sure if anyone else said this but the last part of what the haiku girls were saying before Sokka comes in is “I’m a little nervous”. Can’t tell what the first few words are though!
This is one of the few times they show Zuko's "good side". Most of the time you see the scarred part of his face, but Jin started that turn Zuko builds up on until The Crossroads of Destiny.  Also Zuko's scar being on the left side of his face isn't given enough credit. Most people are right handed, as is Ozai, so when he torched Zuko, who was facing towards Ozai, the left side of his face was exposed to Ozai's right hand.   Even you talking about The Tale of Iroh sent chills through me. It is perfect and no words can describe the raw emotion behind it. It was the best episode to choose to honor Mako with some of his greatest work and with the somber tone. 🤧
Tales of Ba Sing Se is probably my favorite episode from book 2
Toph would know if katara was lying.
I think i like the tale of aang a lot more than most. I just think its really really sick to see him just do regular ass no 100 year war avatar stuff. We dont get much of it and it just brings a smile to my face every time it does.
3rd laugh was a breath
A sad thing I think about iroh and I don’t know if it’s true . Lu Ten died on the front lines in Ba Sing Se, so as a kid and even now I think the tree is where Lu Ten might actually be buried. Most times in war it would be hard to recover the body especially in a invasion type siege, but that’s just what I think.
Even when you just talked about THE SCENE and showed some of the footage, I started ugly crying. Gets me every fucking single time. The only other scene that comes close to this is when Iroh welcomes Zuko back.
This is generally my favorite episode of the ENTIRE show
In defense of Aang, a 12 year old from the Air Nomads (a culture with a completely different philosophy of life) would likely have no concept or knowledge of municipal zoning laws
the best moment in the series is definitely irohs tale, iroh as a character is just about as perfect as you can get because hes very much not a perfect guy as his demeanor would present him to be, he used to be a battle hardened general but after the grief of his son dying he reflected and chose to live a more peaceful life and trying to spread that peace around him, he deals with alot and though he doesnt show how it affects him the few times he does its powerful
Dang, I remember when I started watching korra, I was flushing my eyes with tears. Missed all these people instantly. Like Damn, most of em are dead! *cry
Totally making a Fakemon called Rotundra
7:28 the man crying in the background is the cabbage merchant crying because he's losing all his cabbages. Also, we see him in the episode for Omashu before this.
It takes two full watches to really understand this episode. You aren't really prepared for what it is the first time. You just think it is a day in the life, but Iroh's story is the real elephant here and can't be ignored. As a father of two sons this really hit me hard. Actually drew tears, a rare event for me.
“Opening night”and “I’m a little nervous” from the haiku scene murmuring
Haha. "Rocky relationship"
That cabbage man I shown like once every season or somthing
Anybody else know that Jin is mako/bolin’s grandma?
He's  gotta be joking with the continues joke about the cabbage guy
ARE YOU IRISH?? what is that accent? i love your videos but what the fuck is your origin?
Ok just a quick note when holding a weapon blade back or down it’s called back hand so you would say iroh back handed the blade as always great vid tho
Me watching Zuko's tale: Nooo, Zuko! You are already with the gloomy girl that sighs a lot, don't do it me Boy
1:28  "This is the most infuriating voice acting ever.  Who ever voiced this give them a raise; it's like dripping with vapid b*tch energy that's a rare talent."   Just based on the voice I thought it was Tara Strong, but then I went and checked the credits and she is listed under additional voices!
Bending sports is used in Legends of Korra the avatar after Aang  And tbh I think it would be cool if he did the overanalyzing thing for that show as well
Something I also like about the tale of iroh is it progresses in ages for the kids it starts off with infancy then goes into childhood and then to around the age where his son would have been when he died I always thought that was a really nice touch
:)
"Ah fuck. Okay here we go". That is my exact reaction whenever I watch this episode and it starts off with Iroh's story.
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM Remembers Seasona 3 Episode 2 the Headband
Aangs part hit harder this time around.   A few weeks ago I went to an amusement park that had animals. And the conditions were worse than the ones the animals in the show had. Since then I’ve been very depressed about this and how little can be done by me right now. By the way the place in question is Farmington Utah’s Lagoon. Normally I wouldn’t name it specifically but what I saw there has absolutely disgusted me. I won’t go into detail here but it’s sad.
easteregg: the person that voice-acts Iroh is actually called mako
*"the tale of Iroh"* **starts sobbing uncontrollably**
nah man, iroh's so good he can flip his grip on a knife between frames
3:00 also, you know Katara is genuine here and not just saying that to make her feel better because Toph would be able to tell if she was lying. Remembering that lie detector power makes this scene even better.
I'm still not over the *"IT'S A NORMAL BEAR"*
👍
12:34 that might be the best 8 seconds of comedy on this channel
Does anyone else have a memory of Toph kissing Katara on the cheek in this episode? Not like, romantically, just platonically. I swear I saw that the first few times around 🤔
mmmm yes Toph feet
I heard only one line and it was the end of it saying I'm a little nervous
2:49 "Somewhat rocky relationship" omegalul
"either I'm not a good enough writer, or maybe those words just don't exist" I feel like you're not the first, nor the last person who will ask that question in those words.
12:34 I lost it, so good
isn't it conceiveble the mini-panthers escaped from the zoo?
I literally cried at leaves from the vines
the person with cabbages was in the boomie episode
Toph was most likely going for a spirit over an alien
Something most people don’t know is The Tale of Iroh was made in honor of Makoto Iwamatsu (Mako), the original voice actor of Iroh after he passed away.
7:31- in regards to your question as to what that animal is, To me at the very least it looks like an "Oryx". But then again this is Avatar and that could very well be a combination of a gazelle and a mongoose for all I know.
12:11 eh, they're basically just mountain lions, and people I know see them occasionally around the city (I probably just don't go out enough to have spotted one)
I miss Mako :(
Every time I would see this episode I would just start tearing up at iroh singing then it makes it even more sad that Mako passed so it just hits the feels so damn hard.
Quick footnote about bending sports, we DO see it briefly glossed over in the southern air temple episode
3:17 ah shit here we go again
This was one of last episodes Mako Iwamatsu (voice or Iroh) appeared in in the series. I read online once (not sure how true it is) that at the point in recording this episode he knew he was dying from cancer. So when he cries during Brave Soldier boy they were real tears & emotions. I truly believe that's why the song affects people the way it does. You can hear his real emotions. RIP Mako.
Something I noticed about irohs story is that the people he helps are in the order of growing up There was a toddler, the children, then the young man
For me this is the best episode, and not necessarily because of it's themes or character progression, but because is more slice of life like. When I feel down I can put this episode on, a bit easier than any other. This one just makes me feel so good and feels like hanging out with old friends.
3:20 “Ah fuck okay here we go!” Yeah analyzer. That seems about right.
Love your vids, just a thing I noticed (I could be wrong), isn't there a running joke with the cabbage man always getting his livelihood ruined that spanned multiple seasons?
I want to add something to the tale of Iroh that is not directly part of the show per se: Mako sang "Leaves from the Vine" only a few days before he died. One of the reason the song is so emotional is because he could feed his own struggle with his quickly fading life into the song. He was mourning the life he was about to lose and celebrating the life he had, doing what he loved the most.   Rest in Peace, Mako.
Another fact sadly. At the end of the Tale of Iroh, it shows a tribute to Mako. That’s for the original voice actor for Iroh who passed away soon after this episode. The new voice actor refuses to sing the song in voice in honor
All the jokes about the cabbage man and the song when he blows the whistle
I believe that the picture of Iroh's son was actually taken from an old picture of a young Mako ... very cool ...
Can’t tell if 3:41 was a joke or if he’s never seen korra haha
8:33 there's nuts and there's fruits (5) in fall the clean plum drops (6) always to be squashed (5)  Damn lady that wasn't even a haiku
just love this channel
7:32 Wait! Aang isn't grounded while earth bending!
Neat
0:43 A slug or snail. I never thought it was supposed to be an alien at all.
A poem that follows the 5-7-5 format but isn't about nature and is instead about people or satarizing human nature is called Senryū.
I would like to add that the tale of iroh shows him helping men of all stages of life representing what kind of father he could have been to Lu Ten: 1. The crying little boy he sang for 2. The teenager boys he gave advice to 3. The young men he was encouraging to pursue his dreams Even the moonflower represents a stage of life. The moonflower is a symbol for fertility which stands for the beginning of a life cycle aka Lu Tens birth.
I’ve seen/heard people comment on how they wish the tale of Iroh was the last one but I personally agree with this video that momo’s tale brings us back on course after having a day off from the Gaang’s intense recent adventures. I remember when this was originally airing I took a deep sigh of relief cuz I was on the edge of my seat each week since appa was taken. I was happy as a kid to get a break and to see my Gaang take it easy all the while getting closer to them—plus mom gets to be a character and not a pet for once.   Even for Iroh it seemed like a break for a guy hands full worrying about Zuko’s development to take a moment for himself, even if he is lamenting his beloved boy. He’s always helping others and we see what a seemingly steadfast solid mentor grapples with behind the curtains. This episode made me look at my parents differently no lie.   We see glimpses of this in Iroh from his private convo with Zuko in the North Pole. So I’m led to believe the tale of Iroh was always scripted in this episode where it was in the order. The fact that Mako gets a moment of silence (RiP a great one) I think makes it feel like we should leave it there. I could be wrong but that Memorial to Mako was maybe added into the storyboard later. Of course they would/should salute him but he prbly wouldn’t want to interrupt the narrative either.
this episode is hands-down the best filler episode in the entire show, one of the best episodes at all imo, it does so much for the characters
I know Iroh knowing stuff about flowers makes sense because he is a man with a passion for tea, but isn't this also the same guy that made a poisonous plant into tea?
When the "The Tale of Iroh" screen came up, I was RIGHT there with you on that, just the exact sentiment I felt before you said it in that way. Logged in just to comment because of that—loving this series, man, you're great :j
On the comment about them feeling girly after the spa day is not just in refrence to the makeup. The process of putting on makeup is a ritual and has meaning. It could be putting on a face to go to work, or putting on war paint to make a statement. The whole process of the spa day and just putting the makeup on for fun rather than function is a super girly feeling thing.
"If only I could have helped _you."_  And that right there is why Iroh helps people. Because when it mattered, he couldn't be there for his own son. He won't let that happen to anyone else he can help.
the second half of the murmuring is "I'm a little nervous, yes"
Can't tell the first one but second is "I'm nurvious"
Cabbage man is the crying man -MY CABBEGES
The fact that Katara calls Toph pretty and Toph feels better means that Katara genuinely meant what she said. Toph would have known if she was lying.
"Alright, lemme get this straight, you've got these little mini-panthers just running around the streets of -"  Yes.  They're called cats.    They're terrifying.
I think toph knew katara meant it when she complimented her, given that she can sense lies, which makes it even more wholesome
I got an unskippable ad right before Zuko and Jin kissed and it pissed me off to the point of verbally assaulting my screen.   cmon bruh
Rocky relationship 😂
The reason why zuko blew it is because he didn't want to build a relationship on lies. (I learned this in the book the earth kingdom chronicles, the tale of zuko. and yes it is canon. it just tells the story from the main character's perspective.)
Leaves from the vine is such a fucking poignant moment; Mako's last act on the show was singing a heart-rending memorial song to his fictional son, that ultimately amounted to his *own* memorial, and he probably knew it was too. Imagine singing at your own funeral. My oldest friend died this year, and this moment is tied closely to that moment for me because of exactly that - I received some music from him just before junk took him from us all.
This series is inexplicably cozy to watch. I frequently re-watch youtube videos while falling asleep or just sometimes on days where my anxiety starts to become a problem to help stop me from obsessing over worrying about things pointlessly and these videos in particular have been really enjoyable, and helpful. :)  Probably helps that ATLA is my goto comfort show and I've seen it like 15 times and still never tire of it, but Im sure others here can understand that haha.
Just realized: Star *wasn't* lying. She was setting up. So she did think it was good makeup for a clown, which is why Toph didn't pick it up.
I’m not positive, but in the tale of sokka, I think the murmuring girls are saying “Openly making, I’m a little nervous”
that's a snail fam
Whooo!
Thank you for your service. TLA IS AN AMAZING SHOW
look at her face 1:16 it seems she knew from the start and that thanks was just to move on
I had always understood it to be the same tree he was buried at where Iroh honors him on his birthday. Lu Ten died after they had broken through the outer wall, and I highly doubt they would have been able to bring his body back all the way to the fire nation in the middle of a siege. Iroh and Zuko were staying inside the outer wall at this time. The trees also look very similar and are both on a hill. I think it makes the whole scene much more impactful if that is actually Lu Ten’s grave, buried in the place that Iroh later lived with his adopted son Zuko, trying to start a new life
7:55 "Oh (what if he sees it?)  I wonder if it's his?"  I'm not certain on the part in the parentheses because it really could be anything that's just the closest I heard.
Here's the thing about Iroh's song and why it's way sadder than it has any right to be: the voice actor was dying. Iroh's voice actor had cancer and was expecting to die right after this episode. The voice actor was a soldier, hence the line in the song "brave soldier boy come marching home" and what's even more tragic is that he died shortly after recording so he never got to see the episode. The painting of Iroh's son is supposed to be a portrait of the voice actor. It's a tragic and lovely episode that was performed by somebody in a last moment if passion.
shut up iroh didnt make me cry again
Good the take off Iroh always leaves me in tears 😢
me: oh, no. oh, fuck. you: aw, fuck, okay. here we go! everyone else: same
The baker street remix was great
7:15 song name?
I like the idea that people saw Zuko firebend but were like hes a refugee I'm not gonna say anything coz hes running from the war too. Also like how would Jin not hear it when shes right there, like she knew
The only way that Zuko lighting the lanterns would be an issue is if the Dai Li/A Soldier/A Joo Dee caught him. And in a city that big, preeetty unlikely, at least in my opinion.
12:11 I used to think the exact same thing, then I realized they are probably zoo animals that Aang missed when he was making the new zoo.
Bloody hell, I never thought about the fact that this is literally the place of death of Lu Ten. Puts a whole new look at Iroh's Story. Thank you for making a grown man cry even harder at this glorious piece of storytelling.
Great video as always!
Has anyone else thought that Toph takes Kataras compliment so seriously because she CAN tell Kataras being honest??
''I would be a waterbender so i could bloodbend'' Nah bro, i'd be a waterbender so i could pissbend that's what's up
Dude, your Patreon shout-out compliments are the best part of each episode.
Wait is this the second instance of earthbending without touching the ground? Aang makes the pen wall while on an air scooter
Been binging these for a week catching up… love it man
1:49   love the little details,  Toph stomps so furiously that she knocks her hair loose from that new style.
haHA.  "Rocky Relationship" Aaahhh
I just have to hear about this episode and the tears start to surface.
Anyone else listen through the episode so they can get to the hilarious supporter shout-outs at the end?  Stellar comedy my dude.
Yue had to take a nap
Amam
these videos help me get going
Those actually arent cows, they are just regular Gemsbok (African antilope spiecies) that are roided as hell
One thing I never thought about in this episode is that since Toph sees using her feet the scene where Toph is getting her feet done is the equivalent of someone vigorously scratching at your eyes so her reaction is spot on.
Jesus fucking Christ, even thinking about Irohs story makes me tear up a little already.
Dude you lost the perfect opportunity tu use peanuts’ adult voices!
I will comment on any and all of your videos of it means I help you out.
9:00 the true first waifu
“Aw fuck, ok, here we go” on the uncle Iroh part was a fucking MOOD
This channel every time the cabbage merchant is on screen: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WrO7Xbv3M3re3RuFy2PHoe72-94IKQrh
i'm caught up now phew!
I’m like 90% sure “Vapid Bitch Energy” voice was done by Tara Strong… who tbh is a pretty damn good voice actor.
6:44 the worst part is that when Aang is actually making the pins for animals it was clearly farmland
something something "don't be nervous?"
7:50 The first half is a little hard to make out, but I'm pretty sure she's saying:  "I'll probably make it."   "I feel a little nervous."  I think it's the same voice actress, but she's supposed to be two _different_ girls chattering about how well they think their readings are going to go.
Yo anyone notice that all the title cards are of the swamp? “Everything is connected.”
"aaaaahhhh fack okay here we go" love it
Isn’t the cabbage man from the bumi’s town
The episode after the show ends :overanalyzing life
I'd forgotten how absolutely loveable Jin was.
2:35  One thing I've seen before and you kinda mentioned, but since Toph can feel if people are lying, she was able to feel that the other girls lied, and she was able to feel that Katara wasn't lying when she said "you're really pretty" and I feel like that added a lot to it.
I'm not crying, YOU'RE crying!
The part of Iroh's story that really gets the tears pouring for me is that he's all alone up there. He's this calm and collected father figure to everyone he meets, but when he himself is hurting there's no one there for him. Zuko is in no way capable of providing emotional support at this point of the story and Iroh can't make true friendships in Ba Sing Se because he can't reveal who he really is. As someone who's been without a support system of any kind for over 15 years now, this hits me right in the feels.  Because of this I find it extra heartwarming when near the end of the series Iroh and Zuko reunite and all is forgiven. I can imagine that on Lu Ten's next birthday Zuko will be standing next to Iroh under the tree.
I have to admit, Jackfilms is the only reason I’m able to keep track of the haiku segment
I speak for everyone in this channel where i say: more chapters!, need more!!!
Happy I found your channel bro
I think it's a cowtelope.
you can actually see the mugger, or the same character as him,  in some backgrounds in the previous episode
What is the song at 7:13
CABBAGE MAN DISRESPECT -1
8:56 if you pause it the old man looks uhm fat
I may be wrong, its happened, but Ive heard the picture of Iroh's son is actually a drawing of Mako Iwamatsu in his younger age. That the Iwamatsu family gave the animators a picture of Mako as a 20 something year old and the animators drew that and used it as Iroh's son. Even if its not true I still like to believe it is and that is more of a nod to Mako Iwamatsu life and his amazing career!  Love your videos, love that you can do some critquing of it, then come back with something so profound it makes me pause the video to actually think more about this show! Thank you!
"vapid bitch energy"  thats a keeper  and as someone who can do the vapid bitch voice i will use this term often
You forgot at the end of Zuko's story, when he says "it was nice" it shows the unscarred side of his face, with the other side left in the shade.
The cc for what the guys are saying talking about Momo the exotic chicken is a superb touch that I feel like must have been missed by many because no one commented on it. That makes me about 27% as sad as "Leaves From the Vine".
7:00 is he serious or is he trying the trigger the audience?
The man crying was cabbage  man
Since The Tale of Iroh is of course what it is, I can be honest and say that The Tale of Momo is my favorite one.  And the "mini panthers" are called Pygmy Pumas.
R.I.P Mako.
You probably knew and said this ironically, but yeah I'm 99.9% sure that's Grey DeLisle aka Azula's voice actor
Man, I love me some "genuine human shit".
Where can i watch avatar?
Fuck it im going to re watch the series
Finally momo missing appa was pretty great also touching scene there at the end I agree
For zukos I love Jin honestly I ship that and yeah maybe zuko figured out he could get away with fire bending after jet got arrested for talking about the war and finally more zuko character development and it isn't mentioned if zuko and Jin went out again or not so thats something to consider again.
Yeah soka didn't quite get the poetry right which always crax me up
For aangs side I think he went ahead and pulled the avatar status if questioned hard to stop something being done also easy to ask forgiveness than permission as they say. He's the avatar it's done just whatever no guard wants to deal with that shit
For iroh's scene I think theoden from the lord of the rings said "no parent should have to beary their child"
Best part about the toph part is that she can tell when people lie so when she's insulted she knows it's that girls honest opinion same for katara when she reassures her a useful talent especially when kept secret so u know when people are being genuine
Day 2 of asking Overanalyzing if he wants to join an Avatar Themed DND campaign
the girl with the cat in the zoo was actually a grant-a-wish kid
Oh no, I’ve caught up!
Comment for the argorithm
Those words, in English, do not exist.
This man pays more attention to the feet of children than the executives at Nickelodeon do.
Iroh: the man we all wish our father or uncle could be like. the way he was portrayed shows how much one can change after one mistake is made. it shows that none of us are truly lost and can be redeemed at anytime we choose to be.
there was an official statement about toph's toes being longer in the context of "someone in our studio likes feet" but with a much less direct approach to the words in question.
"Rocky relationship" ahahahahaha! Good one!.
I just Bing watched your whole channel today while working. Damn. Lol
"rocky relationship"
This channel is so lit. I can just hear my friends in your writing and tone, and that really tickles me.
Gamer comment for algorithm
Absolutely love what you are doing with this series man, keep up the good work. Had the blind bandit episode suggested on my home page a couple of days ago and went straight into a binge of the whole series so far, eagerly awaiting the next installment. 😀
12:27 Possible evidence of normal monkey???
This episode still gets to me even with how emotionless I've become
Every day I come closer to patreoning because I need more avatar content always
Man just got caught up. This has been a great series so far. Really hope you keep going with this. I love how into the show you are.
Dude I've been binge watching these for the last two days I love these videos and I can't wait to watch some more
Didn't zuko   Make fire with those shots
Mmmkay, thank you so much for doing this episode (and the entire show, obviously) justice. It is definitely one of my faves and I loved the analysis.
I’ve just binged all of your episodes, now I’m pissed that I have to wait for the next one. Off to Patreon, I guess.
I dont ever get emotional whatching tv shows or movies. This episode is the first and only time Iv genuinely cried over a tv show
6:56 Isn't this joke a throwback to the cabbages joke from when they were trying to get on the ferry to Ba Singh Se?
OveranalyzingAvatar: gives super thoughtful and insightful view of the detailed character plot  Cabbage man comes on screen:  OveranalyzingAvatar: WHO THE FUCK IS THIS MAN
The tale of iroh hits the feels every time.
I've done it. I've watched every video on the channel in about 2 days. Came in on the hype train 2 episodes ago then started from the beginning. I used to want them to make more ATLA because I wanted more. Now I ALSO want them to make more so I can see you overanalyze it. Good work here sir.
The tale of Iroh is one, long metaphor, it's a big picture of parenting Lu Ten from before birth (moonfloower) to his son's death. Every scene is a life age, if you look at it closely
Previously, You've mentioned that it doesn't make sense that Earthbenders raise the rocks underneath people only 2 feet in the air. It actually does make since. Toph has said that earth is a stubborn element, and you need to be unmovable yourself. It makes since that Earthbenders would try to mess up or test another Earthbenders stance at the beginning of any fight. (Especially since they probably spar each other a lot) Toph would do it to Anng as she has only fought other earth benders up until this point. The whole point of the rumble was to knock your opponent out of the ring, so messing up their stance is goal number one. Even the Hippo tried to mess up the boulders balance in the beginning of the fight. Just a tangent about the previous episodes. Also, you said bending as a sport isn't explored. The rumble episode completely satisfies that because it is a bending game. It's only Earthbenders, I know, but it's pretty close. Plus Korra explores it, but I know you didn't want to talk about Korra.
This cabbage merchant we've never seen before? He's a recurring character!
I watched all of your videos. And then rewatched the whole series.
Are you gonna do korra after this series?
Happy to help
That reaction at the start of Iroh's story is so on Point. Together with your last line. It is like yes they are good episodes/stories but I still don't like whatching them. Which makes them great.
I've recently found this YT channel and I'm honestly so overjoyed by it. I watch ATLA at least twice a year since I was 9 or however old idk man so I'm glad to see someone thinks as deep about this shit as much as I do. Gassed to hear your op about the last Agni Kai
Fun fact, I've done martial arts for 10 years and iroh is my ma hero and role model.
I've been binge watching this series and now I'm caught up and feening for the next episode.
oh no, I caught up.
I’ve recently been rewatching the show and watching these right after each episode has been super fun! Thank you so much for making this :) (Although now i’m sad i can’t watch the next one right away :( )
Algorithm comment
7:13 and this is where I actually died laughing.
NOOOOOOO! i've reached the end!!!! I NEED MORE.
Ah shit here come the tears
Finally. My favorite episode of them all. I mean it’s just the iroh one but it‘s these 4 minutes or so that make Iroh the legend and uncle we all know and love.
*hears intro* my mind: "this beat is my recital"
Watch this crucial, short yet important documentary on youtube 👉 The Connections (2021) 💖
Damnit, literally 5 seconds of that song and I have tears burning my eyes and a knot in my throat.  Really you just had to hit me again! 😭
3:12 well toph can sense if she's lying, and she's not, that's why she's so reassured
the subtitles when momo was in the cage has me crying💀💀😂
I was under the impression that lu ten was buried in basing se during the siege and the tree iroh visits was his grave and this was the first time he was able to visit since it happened I might be mistaken but if that’s true it only makes the scene hit harder
What happens when you finish avatar the  Last airbender? You do korra?the comics?
I said "Ah fuck" when Iroh's started, and you immediately said the same thing. Subbed.
Jin was a WAY better love intrist than May. I wish they ended up together!
I feel like this is one of those channels that you would typically stumble upon years after they've come and gone. It's really cool to be here while the channel is so young.
I just binge watched this whole series and 10/10 fucking majestic incredible job
Why is sokka’s ponytail called a wolf tail, and does this imply the existence (and common knowledge) of NORMAL WOLF
Are you gonna do korra after?
Toph is relaxed at the library episode scene, but straining in the spa. Your toes would be lengthened, too.
Iroh's story is really sad from the show's stand point, but its doubles down when you learn that it's also in memory of his voice actor who passed during filming of the episode.
How did you miss Momo doing "the monkey" with a bunch of monkeys?!?
They could've gotten some of their gear back from the sand benders
This will most likely get pointed out in the next episode, but you can actually see those cat things watch Appa arriving at Ba Sing Se and getting captured by the Dai Li.
Are you gonna do this for legend of Kora too?
My favorite arch of all the serie is this specifically, so thanks. Waiting to the next episode
wow
Oh God I can't not cry with this episode the tale of iroh and just the song it's so amazing and so incredible and I just always cry
The guy crying to the cabbage merchant lol
2:45 Can't believe he dropped "rocky relationship" and didn't pause or acknowledge it at all.
I think I did it, I watched the whole playlist, fuck yeah
If you think about it, the pause before Toph replies is likely her checking to see whether Katara was lying. And her immediate smile afterwards came only when she realized, she wasn't.
aw man, I watched the entire playlist.... now I gotta wait :c
come on now, we all know the power of boners overrides all rational thinking.  still applies to Zuko.
I literally had to stop the video because of 7:13
Well yes, katara would say that toph is pretty regardless. But toph can tell if people are lying, and it seems like she believes katara. So it was genuine
You should do a one of episode on the live action film
Everytime the cabbage guy is in a scene : “Who is this cabbage guy I’ve never seen him in my life”
Confirmed: Everyone sounds like Schnitzel from "Chowder" to Momo.
7:05 If Cabbage Guy was never in ATLA... it would've never been a good show.
A lot of time has passed since i binge watched a series but yours was so amazing and now i feel empty
2:46 rocky relationship.
Love this stuff man
So I can’t be the only one wanting it but when your done can you do over analyzing The Legend of Kora
I said it in one of your first videos a day or two ago when I discovered your channel and I'll say it again now that I'm all caught up:  You sound so much like Rooster Teeths Gus Sarola, both in voice and sense of humor/opinions that I can't help but picture him doing these reviews.  But that's a definite plus.  I also really enjoy all of your little edits and added effects they always make me laugh.  I also appreciate all the funny little.details you've pointed out.  I thought I knew all there was to know about this show but you've shown me many things I've missed.
I'm a bit surprised being a show where you're over-analyzing Avatar but you skipped much mention of Mako or his new voice here. I really found it impressive considering the circumstances. I know that focusing on Iroh is definitely priority, but Mako's voice is important to the character, and Mako is a valuable part of what makes Avatar special, hence the tribute. But no...? In an over-analysis? It kind of sticks out no?
Honestly, you do this series so much justice the only thing i can say is thank you for making this masterpiece of a show even better.
Technically we do see bending sports again
The guy whos Salat were eaten by the big rabbit in the Zoo in basing se is the same as the one guy whos Salat were destroyed at the Check in for the ferry. I think
😭 Iroh is the best character ever
This is a genuinely hilarious, witty, and downright fun channel. I think it definitely deserves the attention it's getting. I binge-watched this series and your sub count rose by like 5k after I had finished. Love your work, man, and continue doing what you're doing.
More coming!?
I just can't help it, i always cry in the iroh tale, no matter how many times i have seen it.
Ahoy. I hope you'll use the "That's good" meme more often.
3:31 Correct. Sports bending looks so limitless, SO COOL. But what could they do with it? Social distance boxing they called "Pro Bending". Probably coz of budget
I like that Zuko took a stupid risk for his date even after scolding Iroh for heating his tea. It's very Zuko, and imo it illustrates how this is a thing he doesn't do often enough to consider it when judging others--doing something for himself, for the enjoyment of it, and for that shared experience with another person.
i think you don't need a permit for something outside b sing se
I apologize very deeply but I had to dislike for 69 reasons
All you have to do is show me Iroh by the tree with the sunset and I'll start crying. Don't need any sound just that picture.
I disagree about Irohs story being the best the show has to offer. Zuko and Iroh's reunion is the best moment in my opinion. This one is heart wrenching but when you consider the payoff to so much the show had been building up to, Zuko and Iroh's reunion is the best. Zuko so convinced hed done something so horrible that Iroh would hate him and never forgive him, and Iroh showing nothing but his pure love for his nephew and his happiness in seeing him again and seeing that Zuko had finally done right and found his way. Zuko finally learning and finally understanding that no matter how many mistakes hes made, he CAN be a good person.
1:09 Wow I really never thought about that. You're right
fuck... I caught up with it already
Just binged your entire channel. I can't wait for you to start on LoK
This may be completely wrong, but I always thought the grave iroh visits on the outskirts of basingse was his sons REAL grave.  because bodies in  older wars had to be dealt with immediatly, they were usually buried on, or near the battle field. Maybe it's not, but it always hit harder thinking that.
Jin was attractive and interesting. In only a few short minutes Jin is able to win me over as a character I would have liked to see more of in the series. The could have made her a major character for Zuko until the end of the Ba Sing Se arc. What if she found out Zuko was a firebender and didn't care. After Iroh gives Zuko a lecture when they find Appa she would appear shortly after encouraging Zuko to be a better person but ending with Jin dying or getting severely hurt in the end. She could've had a much larger impact on Zuko's life.
it's probably the same tree iroh's son died at ba sing se
Aw, man.  Iroh's story hits different now that I've lost someone dear to me.  I'm crying all over again.
As a trans woman, Toph's story sticks out to me more and more every time I watch it.  You don't grow up expecting those girly things to make you happy, but when you eventually try them out, and they do make you happy, you learn more about yourself.  And it's cool because you don't even necessarily have to be trans for that to be true, it's just nice to try things out.  But for a lot of trans folk, that's the first step to cracking their eggs.
The cabbage guy is a reoccuring character that was in omashu and he also started a company in legend of korra
Explaining how Iroh spent the day, made me tear up. Never thought about it like that.
the most emotionally exhausting thing that can happen is having leaves from the vine stuck in your head
Oh god, this it the most recent video. Noooooooooo, I have to wait!
Just finished watching every one of your videos on the Overanalyzing Avatar playlist. WAY better than rewatching the whole series for the tenth time alone in the dark. You showed me so much stuff that I haven't noticed before and got me to really appreciate the episodes in a way I haven't before. You're really funny, and I can't wait to see what else you've got!  I also never noticed Tophs ceiling booger hit Sokka before, I hope you point out more of that stuff :)
During the second part of Iroh’s tale when he’s teaching the kids about responsibility you can also for the first time hear the voice actor who takes over for Mako in Season 3
i havent subscribed to a channel this fast ever before! just binged every episode in the last two days. great work and love the channel!
6:21 Who's Mako?
I can't wait til you do the guru episode
Holy shit your channel blew up
When I was rewatching the series on Netflix, I noticed that one of the haikus in Sokka’s tale wasn’t a haiku, one of the lines had an incorrect amount of syllables. It’s been a while since I watched it, but iirc, it was one of the haikus said by the head lady.
Togh says she doesn't care about her looks, but she really does care.
When he mentions that sports with bending sounds cool I was like Katara
Dang it, im all caught up and now have to wait! Thanks for being so funny and sarcastic as well as choosing an awesome topic to make videos on. I hope for many more videos in the future!
iroh is the kind of father everyone need
Uncle Iroh was the star of the show for his wholesomeness And for the reason that dispite being from the Fire nation, Iroh was more philosophical and that anyone could learn something
Got an add for a show called the white lotus. Man it’s changed since a aangs time
I really liked how the tales were in "chronological order", like Toph and Katara during the day, Iroh untill sunset, Aang again in the late day, Soka during normal evening walk, Zuko with the dinner and Momo when everyone is asleep
The girl you see at 7:45 is a make a wish girl. She wanted to visit the studio from avatar and they gave her a cameo and a voice line ^^ She survived her cancer! And tell her story online 😊
7:52 Oh pie are you angry I’m a little nervous
bro the cabbage guy gets his cabbage destroyed every single time, he was in the serpent video with the bear, omasho, and other places.
No I caught up life is sad again
Sooooo do legend of korra?
The crying guy is the cabbage man, man.
No one else got hit with an ad after shedding a tear for iroh?
and suddenly ive watched every video on your channel
0:18 but why would this hurt? there is a lot of dead skin on the bottom of your feet, check if you don't believe me. you aren't actually touching any living skin, and if you think about it, Toph should really only feel like she's sliding back and forth on rock. I mean, she goes barefoot all the time, so what's the problem?
7:33 is this.... is THIS the second time we've seen someone earth bend without touching the ground? I'm going to assume we ignored King Boomie because when he was locked up because he was touching his metal prison coffin, which in turn was touching the ground but Aang just straight up made a motion and formed a rock wall while riding his Air Scooter Even if you slow it down, he brings his fist low, but doesn't touch the ground, the rocks just sprout up from behind it at first
Great episode, but it can be so hard to watch
The algorithm brought me to this channel and I've been binge watching for the past like 2 days lmao
lets be honest, you didnt need to play the whole song for every viewer to have the whole thing play out in their head.
SIR, cabbage man is ICONIC mkay? You may want to refer to the video from 3 weeks ago. Cabbage man is an Easter egg for the entire show.
In s3 ep 1 when the ship attacks how did tof (idk how to spell her name correctly) how did she hit the catapult with the rocks she can’t see through water
Man, I have binge-watched every single avatar related video on this channel I hope the quality doesn't go down.
Is this another one of the only times in the show where the earthbending isn't done by someone touching the ground? Aang makes the zoo walls while he is on his air scooter and not actually making contact with the earth.
I always thought Toph was making herself look like a slug, not an alien. I just assumed they were weirded out because she's not being lady-like and also slugs are "gross". Maybe I'm reading too much into it or reading it the wrong way. At least they probably wouldn't be grossed out by roast duck like Zuko was.
Okay so "The Drill" came up in recommended a couple days ago and I clicked cuz 'hehe funny thumbnail sokka' and this has quickly become one of my favorite YouTube channels/series to date.
Yelp, I've completely binge watched all your videos, now to go to patreon to get the next 2
Did the panthers not just escape when Aang let out all the animals. Maybe that's why they were just roaming?
This show... It's so, good
My dream for this year is to run an ATLA DND Campaign with Overanalyzing & HFM as players. Like so that he sees this!
He sang that song right before he died🤧😔😭
Jesus last week I subbed you were on like 20k! Now you almost have 100k, keep on going!
I believe they're saying, " It's okay to be a little nervous, " thats what I got from it at least
Jin is the best -definitely better pairing than Mai/Zuko fight m-
7:05 The cabbage merchant is the same guy who was having passport issues a few episodes back. He was told he wasn't allowed to bring live plant/ seeds on the trip.
i most of the time just play the iroh tale and skip this episode. :P
Hey, Aang just earthbended while on his air scooter. That's technically not grounded, like you said in the episode with Haru.
How would anyone notice the crack in the door lmaooo
The Darkest day in Fire Nation history is when you finish Overanalyzing the last episode.
The concept of 'filler' really just comes from adaptations padding out the source material for whatever reasons they may have, and since there isn't any source material here nothing can *really* be called filler  But honestly I think one of the best things this episode accomplishes overall is that it gives us a sense of time passing. Team Avatar is in Ba Sing Se for a while before anything else big happens and this gives us time to feel like they're just hanging around for a while, if it just went straight on to the episode after this it would still feel like they just got there. Pretty much every other place they go they're only there for a little while, only a few days at most, and then indeterminate travel in between, but not here.   I thought about this when watching your video on the season 1 finale where you said that you had wished there was another episode with the gang just hanging around the Northern Water Tribe, and I think this sort of anthology, a 'The Tales of the Northern Water Tribe' woudl've been a great addition to give more depth to everyone there
the *tears* of Ba Sing Se more like
Sweet
Bruh I was not ready for your thoughts on this.
Bro I watched one of your videos almost a week ago and you were at 20k I swear
Fun fact they expand on Jin in a short comic after the events of book 2 she comes back when Zuko is seen with Mai
Well damn I binge watched the whole playlist in 2 sittings. So... Uh.. how often you upload bro? 😂
5:47 He says that Lu Tens grave would be on a similar hill in the fire nation. I always thought that hill between the inner and outer wall was his actual grave but I suppose they would’ve transported his courpse back to the fire nation instead of burring him in enemy territory
Whoa I caught up in a couple days
7:55 "Oh, are we ready?", "I'm a little nervous", and multiple iterations of "yes" are what I hear, sounds like there's more though. Also, Zuko's date hair always reminds me of Hitler's hairstyle. I don't for the life of me know why, they aren't that similar, but that's what it reminds me of.
Damn if only Zuko had gone back for that fine piece lol
my guy, i checked like3 days ago, you had 30K, now you have 80K... your sub count is going faster then aang beating up ozai in the avatar state
This series is making me want to watch ATLA so much.
Pog
I think we all been waiting for this one lol
WTF do you mean you have never sen the Cabbage man before? It's the guy from the first season who lost his cabbages in Omashu!
Man thank you ... I didn't know I need this but  obviously I do
Iroh’s part still gets me and I’ve seen this too many times to count
With the exception of Iroh and Momo's stories, I've never particularly loved this episode. Zuko's has some good moments as well I guess. But Katara and Toph's, Aang's, and especially Sokka's I've always found kind of boring. I think that's mainly a product of what they have to compete with, Avatar is an incredible show after all, but they just feel below the standards the rest of the show has. Iroh's story is incredible, and Momo's is also really good, but 1/3rd of the episode being fantastic without the other 2/3rds backing it up makes me not really want to watch the weaker 2/3rds.
Im happy i found this channel its now my favorite thing to watch.
This is great, really gets my creative juices flowing. I've binged this playlist for the last two days and I can't get enough. You're doing great work my friend.
Ok
'too bad we don't have any more bending sports' pro bending: i'm standing right here
So, did he gloss over the "In Honor of Mako" is also rough because Mako passed away shortly after this episode?  Mako's voice is only used a in a couple more episodes before the role is taken over by his successor.
and so i have caught up with this series, time to turn notifications on
6:20 "In honor of Mako". At this point I was expecting you to tell the story of the guy involved in creation of 'Avatar the last Airbender'.
End of Iroh’s episode still makes me, a 25 year old man, cry like a baby
The momo story is so underrated.
Pretty sure those whispers say something like "Hope that I make it. I'm a little nervous." Not 100% sure on the first sentence, but it's definitely "Hope [4 syllables]. I'm a little nervous."
Toph and Katara have had a "rocky" relationship? I thought that was supposed to be Toph and Aang! 😛
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzf_sTuDcX8    Could be useful for later.^^
Binged all the way to this episode and cant wait for more. Love your work.
i cant sing iros song with out breaking out into tears
Love this series commenting so you get more algorithm attention
7:52 that symbol in the back looks awful lot like the diamond insignia from “steven universe”
Please. Please. for the love of god, do Korra next. Please.
Love this channel. After watching this show at least 10 times you give me different ways of seeing this show.
I love the patreon callouts
Amazing video but for a quick tip when you play clips of the show would you turn it up a bit more because it would just match the the sound more
Hey bro huge fan. I just binged this show no life style. I'd love to see an Instagram account as well. I appreciate you giving so much love to such an amazing show from my childhood.
Wtf 85k?!?!?
nice
Dude, I discovered your channel just yesterday. I already watched through all the Avatar videos up to now and I will stick with it till the end. A perfect way to rewatch the whole series with an in-depth look at it. Your way of presentation is just spot-on. Had some honest lols here and there :D Keep going man!
So I found this channel two days ago and now I've run out of videos to watch. This must be some kind of mistake and I insist that it is corrected immediately.
I really don't like this episode. Things are too short and meaningless. People seem to really like the missing apa and the dead son stories, but they really don't mean anything to me. Having watched avatar about 5 times, I thought I might change my opinion, but not really. Aang's anger seems to be over exaggerated, the Iroh's small story seems boring. I'm not sure why my experience is so different from most people.
I love that your channel grew this much, I knew from the first episode that you will get big. Your humor, your commenting style. You are just straight up real in the way you talk about this show and I gotta say, really appreciate man. I always look forward to your videos.
i can not FUCKING wait for you to do aang vs ozai
I got hooked on this overanalyzing series way too easily. Like, my brain stood no chance. It's Avatar, how could I not.
We've seen cabbage man before I only know this cause I just binged ur entire channel in a night
Dude, Asome work I love ever single minute of every episode asusming your going to do The Legend Of Korra aswell, but Are you going to do the Avatar commics aswell?
What kind of monster puts an ad before the kiss. Who does that!!!  Legit good move.  Also Jin is best girl.
got recommended your "the drill" breakdown yesterday. I might've binged it all already.
Yoh, stumbled on this yesterday night, awesome show :)
I always felt that if Zuko was a bit more quick witted, he could have replied to that circus role question as "Sword Dancer"
Over like a day and a half I've watch every video put out and I'm happy I stumbled across you
another fact: that portrait of lu ten is actually a portrait of a younger mako.
Just finished watching all of your videos I really like your content can't wait for your next video to come out
Commenting for the algorithm.
Do you ever picture yourself doing a legend of Korra version of this love the content btw
This man deserves more subs. These videos are gold!
Overanalyzing Futurama?
i always thought the tree on the hill was where lu ten died. hence it's appearance in both the dream and this episode. also in the dream iroh is fully decked out. so i thought that was the moment he rushed to the front lines after hearing the news. this is why i always thought the scene of him building a little shrine was extra sad. because that would mean that after iroh left, the earth kingdom removed lu ten's grave stone.
I always thought the panthers chasing Momo came from the released animals Aang released prior
The cabbage guy Is seen in Omashu, some random fishing town in the earth kingdom and I think one other episode. I can't recall. Every time Team avatar was around and destroys his cabbages.
Offering a bit more analysis, specifically on what the episode does for the show's pacing. It's not technically filler as you get some good character exploration, but nothing plot related happens. It expresses the time passing as the gaang is just stuck in Ba Sing Se. It's an abrupt change to the previously tight pacing to express how abrupt of a change living in the city is for them, and how that affects their urgent plans.
You are the reason why avatar the last air bender will keep being produced and live on!
I could hear Iroh's song just by seeing him move his lips.
Found your stuff as you've been blowing up and have been absolutely loving it.  You're funny and insightful and clearly care deeply about the show.  Definitely earned a spot among the few channels I've rung the notification bell for. Keep it up my man.
Everything stinking time. I always cry 😭
hey just wondering whats ur opinion on the oncoming netflix real acted show of atla?
Jin is probably my favorite character.
Comment
I think I can buy this isn't empirically the best episode, but it is probably still my favorite. It sorta distills the distinctive atmospheric, immersive vibe that Avatar excels at to peak immersion levels. I think no other episode does more to make this story and characters feel real and compelling to me.  That said, maybe I really am just biased by the Iroh section, cuz holy hell that is some good shit right there. Definitely makes me cry every time.
at 7:43 I read somewhere that that girl is based on a make a wish kid that wanted to visit the Nickelodeon's studio and the producers decided to add her and her cat instead of just giving her a tour. She voiced the kid and they added her real cat with its real name.
The fact the video is the same 4:3 res clicks my brain
Zuko X Jin is the OTP of all the zuko ships and you can fight me
I GOT IT! Your favorite episode is “ The Ember Island Players”!!
god even the first few guitar strums from irohs scene made me choke up
Your Chanel is growing so fast
Aang bent two elements when he wasnt able to. He would need to be in the avatar state to do that
Speaking of over analyzing. In the song little soldier boy the subtle difference between "come" and "comes" in the lines "little soldier boy come marching home, brave soldier boy comes marching home" really seems to invoke the feeling that the first is a parents wish that their little boy will come home and the second is the reality that their little boy goes away and never really comes back rather the brave soldier boy comes back. Really bittersweet even without iroh breaking down and making us all tear bend.
Would love to see a recap of the tales of zhein we at the end of each season  Edit: just to be clear I'm talking about the mighty fire soldier who worked under zuko and general Zhao and back to zuko
The cabbage merchant is the same unfortunate cabbage merchant we see in the omashu episode and countless other episodes, they also make references to him in Korra
There is a theory floating around on Tumblr about Zuko's story.   We know for a fact that Iroh FUCKS and absolutely kills it with the ladies, so why would he do Zuko dirty with that absolute nerd hair cut?  its because Iroh knows that any respecting human being would absolutely fix that shit giving Zuko his first positive touch from someone who isn't Iroh.
Amazing channel and annalisis
You haven’t seen that cabbage guy before!? He has like 5 appearances
That cabbage guy has been on several episodes and his cabbages always get ruined. Like when he wanted to enter the city. The guard just threw all of them down the bridge. That's why he said not this again and was crying in background.
What happened to your old videos
Hey there, I'm new here. A quick thought: Isn't it weird that toph mentiones  Iroh being her friend she meet a while ago in Ba-Sing-Se, but like, ignores him, when he lies on the ground in the chase battle-end scene? She just.... stands there, not mentioning him at all. Also In Ba-Sing-Se she recognizes him through the door, without him saying anything. Why not care the first time, but then be super happy about a friend? just posting it under the chase and your most recent epizode. Love the show!
At this stage I'd be happy to watch a 20 episode series on everyone's lives in the city. I need more Jin and Zuko!
You are a legend
What would happen to you if you had to an over-analyzation of the movie?? :P
OMG i love 12:34 😂😂😂😂 the subtitles 🤣🤣
Momo laying down in Appa’s footprint always hit me for some reason, he just wants his buddy back.
I haven't binged all yet, but I must admit I really want an episode of the deamon who steals faces.
Iroh's story is the saddest i ever felt in the entire show. And i loved every second of it.
So I always like to think that toph wasn't focused usually she's all internal but on that day she let her focus drop so she missed the lie, because for the first time in probably a long time she focuses on the outside rather than the inside
maybe it's too obvious for everyone who watched this show with original english dub however I kinda expected something about tale of Iroh being some sort of farewell to iroh voice actor. like I'm not native English so I don't have experience of hearing the original voice actors and I heard about it when I rewatched atlar like 3rd, so I thought this fact is less known
Just wanted to say thank you for this kind of content. I really needed something interesting and funny to watch, something, which isn't aimed down to entertain kids. It really helps me going through a rough time right now.  I'd actually consider supporting you via patreon and co., but the issue is, that the hard time im going through is connected to that directly. As you might, or might not have heard, there was an awful storm and flooding in germany recently. Thousands of people lost their belongings, including their entire homes. Dozens of people lost their lifes. Many more got injured, lost their jobs or way more. Unfortunately, my house collapsed, and I'm on the edge of nothing. However, I know that I will recover from this, with enough time passing. I luckily got a great girlfriend supporting me at any step I take, and I didn't lose my job due to the storm. Times are rough, but "alright". Once times get better, I'll consider subscribing of course. Keep it up, and thank you.
the murmurings sounds something like "oh! ____ ready?" and i think "im a little nervous?"  those are the most distinct at least
All caught up. Stumbled over this sometime last week, love it thanks
Ah fuck I forgot about the Momo part now I'm fucking crying god damnit.
You're really blowing up
I thought Toph looked like a snail instead of an alien when she did that with the mud but now I’m confused😂
Man it's this fucking episode man.  The episode that makes me cry every time when it's Iroh's story.
0:42 pretty sure toph was goin for a slug at that shot not an alien
toph was going for a slug not an alien
Not gonna lie, I am DYING to hear your opinion on the last episode, particularly concerning the fire lord...
I have an idea that the Katara + Toph spa day scene is supposed to be in front of their party with the king. Tales of Ba Sing Se doesn't give me the vibe that everything happens in the same day or time, more like: these were interesting stories of the main characters.
What if the full moon is just the moon spirit keeping an eye on them 👀
i swear like a week ago you had like 20k subs
And off course Katara's getting ready is doing her hair loopies.
Irohs character is truly a masterpiece. Only a maniac wouldn't like him
With the scene where Zuko lights the fountain candles, I wonder if there aren't actually lots of underground Fire Nation expats in Ba Sing Se, especially in the working class like Zuko and Iroh. I wouldn't be surprised if there are lots, and they keep to themselves, and everyone either doesn't care because they're expats or doesn't rat them out because "there is no war in Ba Sing Se" and they don't wanna get disappeared themselves
7:13 the music fucking killed me
Binge watched this after it got recommended to me. Your commentary is on point my man!
Will you be doing Korra after you finish all the ATLA seasons? yes? Flameo hotman
Toph probably didn't care about the girl lying/being sarcastic about thinking she looks good, it's just the comment that came after it hit her. Being able to tell someone doesn't mean the compliment is one thing, but giving a mean comment about it right after is another.
Finally caught up I started on Monday lol I love this channel your so funny
Your channel really blew up quick o_O Can't wait till you analyze Crossroads of Destiny
Idk I was never a huge fan of this episode, and I often skip it. The Zuko and Toph ones feel like the characters are behaving unusually. The Aang and Momo ones feel totally unbelievable and childish kinda like the pentapox episode. And even besides that, I feel like the strict anthology format is a bit lazy and awkward when we have gotten used to these interweaving stories.  Gotta say the Iroh one does slap, tho. The real reason I skip this episode is not because it's not my fave, but because I don't feel like crying today.
first time replying to your videos, mostly because I am now caught up....when next episode? :3 I love your work man. :D
i think momo's day was sad aswel for he lost his friend and went looking
The cabbage man shows up in few scenes always screems about his cabbages being destroyed/ate
Glad to see you getting more views and subscribers. Your channel has been great from day 1 and I'm happy more people are now able to enjoy. Keep up the great work!
I love this episode, the characters get so many moments to express themselves.
Yeah
Where can I find that Iroh dream sequence?
The Cabbage Man is more like the Cabbage Lord.
Overanalyzing Avtar uploads a video: "Thats good!"
it literally is a filler episode. is it great? yes. but it's still a filler.
2:42 y man y
`2.42`
~2.42~
{2.42}
(2.42) y man y
(242) y
2.42
242
[2.42] y
Just came to mind, when Aang is making the zoo, he is earthbending without being grounded.
Watched all your video up to this point. Keep it up!! I love and enjoy the quality content, hope to see more of you in the future 👍
I love that your channel just exploded.
#40 on Trending.  GZ
03:17 How everyone reacts every time after having seen it once.
Holy shit how did you get 60k subs in a couple days?? That's awesome, glad this channel is finally getting the recognition it deserves!
The fire nation demands moar of your delicious content!
Gutes Video. Gute Reihe.
I found this channel a couple days ago and I love it! Ive binged all of the episodes in 2 days and Im looking forward to watching them as they come out now. Great channel all around
Well about the girls lieing would only make sense if the girls think that toph does not look like clown  But they do.
So this is officially my favorit channel at the moment. I have watched all videos within 2 dags. But you are not realising videos fast enough, like could you release a new video every 20 minuts or so? it's not to much to ask for I think... 😘😁😉 no but seriously, thank you for you content. I'll go and watch avatar in the meanwhile.
A few weeks ago I was like “Oh I really like that episode of Avatar and this channel is supposed to be really good“ and now I've watched every video from you and treat this series as my annual Avatar rewatch. It's great fun and a lot of additional details I have never picked up on. Keep it up, my man!
I think I’m in love with this series. I believe if you wanted to you could go on to more content after you finish this series or even sooner⁉️
For precise tarot readings and prediction on success and love that greatly connects, please visit us at http://www.youtube.com/c/SuccessAndLoveTarot
Toph lying detection doesn't work if the person thinks it's telling the truth, Like Jet. So the Girl was saying the truth(or she was thinking that she looked good...for a clown)
Iron getting robbed: looks like a prime time for FATHERLY ADVICE
TOP 10 ANIME BATTLES IN HISTORY! NUMBER 1. Momo VS Appa
You don't remember the cabbage man from the ferry/snake pass episode in book 1 I think it was?
How dare you forsake the glory of the cabbage man
hi
I hadn't realized that guy's heard is the size of a window wtf
This man is the only YouTuber that I watched one video and instantly subscribed
123
7:23 "Who is this guy crying in the background" that's the cabbage man you literally just talked about! 😂🤣
“D’aww fuck here we go.” Perfectly capturing the reaction of every fan to hearing leaves from the vine start up
Me: Skips appas lost days because it’s too sad. Me: Watches Iros tale of ba sing se because it’s too sad.
God damn I love iroh best character
Genuinely disappointed that I'm caught up and now have to wait for the next ones to come out. That being said, you have the best Patreon Roll Call I've ever heard. "Greek God had a baby with Ms. Universe" You're killing me here. Best part of the videos. Hope this channel blows up to crazy heights. You'll probably be at 100k in a few days at this rate. Keep it up, this is some quality stuff.
I think that Zuko using firebending after being so mad at Iroh is itself a bit of a character growth moment.
spent the last week binging your stuff I fucks with this energy.
8:16 It's snowing on Mt. Fuji
7:30 Ever seen a Bison?
A week ago all your videos had like 30k~ views now it's pretty much 100k~ across the board.  Really happy for you! Quality content!
God… The Iroh one gets me every time… it’s one of the few things I’ve ever actually cried because of and holy hell… the feels…
I watched the original airing on nick in German back then, but this is still great stuff even if I'm not used to this voice cast.
nooo I binged to the end  What worse fate could have befallen me! xD
except, yeah, this episode is filler. You can remove the episode without causing any problems in the over arching story. If the episode can be completely removed with either no consequences or only minor edits needed later or before...then it's filler. still a better filler episode though than the great divide. god i hate that episode
i know the name of this channel is over analyzing avatar but you should consider doing other shows too after you finish avatar. it'd be cool to see you analyze some anime like death note or something like this
love to see your channel blowing up :)
Fuck seeing in memory of mako hurt me
She was probably making herself look like a slug or snail not an alien. especially since she probably would have had contact with a snail and therefore know what it looks like. ya know, because of the earth vibration thing.
Bro, I just binge watched all of your videos… great job!
I just binged this entire series straight. Was so confused why the next episode button didn't work then I realized it's the newest episode!
I think after over analyzing avatar you could do attack on Titian? I think it’s complex enough and there’s enough hints and foreshadowing that you could do one on that show too!
I'm not afraid to say that I cry everytime Iroh's story comes up
Swag
Make these videos faster. >:c
At 8:00 I believe they are saying "hope I make it, am a little nervous," but it's been cut and sped up so there is no pause in between the two thoughts.
A haiku only needs to follow the 5-7-5 format.  Sokka using it so informally (and being appreciated for it) while being addressed by someone too self-important to see his value beneath the exterior, is the whole point. (Nuts and fruits.)  A fruit consumed is a fruit whose seeds will spread.  A fruit left to wilt on the branch may look nice, but it's going to rot and fall too close to the tree to have much chance of growth.
The cabbages guy was the same one from King of Omashu.
I typically just watch videos on yt w/out liking them. Somehow I stumbled on this channel and have liked every video. ATLA is one of my most favorite series and the editing, commentary, analysis are all top-notch. Keep it up, my good man.
#42 on trending. Congrats my dude love the channel. I’ve literally watched all of it in the past 2-4 days ( did some time traveling)
I think you're quite inhuman if you don't cry during the tale of Iroh.
The iroh episode was my favorite bit in this whole show.
are you going to do korra after tla
“we never get to see more bending sports” are we forgetting about korra.
0:40 personally I always saw it as being more slug-like than alien, and I wouldn't be surprised if there is some mix of creatures that'd look like that just in the world, even if its never directly shown.
You missed the new Iroh voice actor showing up for the first time in this episode (during the soccer scene) and then going away again.
Woah woah woah woah. A haiku has a syllable pattern of 5/7/5. The second phrase of the “haiku” at 8:33 only has 6 syllables!!!!!!     1     2       3         4           5           6 In / fall / the / clean / plum / drops #overanalyingtheoveranalyzation
3:55 well um I took karate classes for two weeks sooooooo.
pog
The song from the tail of Iroh was sang by the voice actor apparently
nice series!
I'd pay good money to get a life of toph spin off
Hey, you are on trending!
11:51 they met up with sandbenders and its show that they kept some of the stuff that fell from appas stuff like the little umbrella, maybe they returned the sleeping bags and pouches they still had on them to apologize for what they did?
Love how he's low-key thirsty for Sokka
I always felt Jin sounded as suspicious as zuko made her out to be, if feels like she knew he was fire nation and was just playing dumb to see how fare he'd take the lie. From what I hear she appears again in the comics and pulls something similiar with her and mai teaming up to tease him. I dunno, she's charming but I don't like how she always felt like zuko was a toy to her.
Here's a haiku honoring Satoru Iwata:  You've left this world, Yet Nintendo still stands strong. Thanks, Iwata-san.
3:45 We do see another sport, the air bending one from season 1 where Aang plays with Sokka on the spikes with the goals, i think it was "air ball" or something?
Just found this a few days ago, watching them all. HOW ARE YOU DOING THIS THIS FAST??
Saw your "the drill" video yesterday, checked out the channel, instant sub, then binge-listened to it all today at work.  Can't wait for the rest!
Even though this can be considered “a filler episode” it’s one of my favorites for sure especially on uncle irohs part
Wtf you have 72k subs now I didn’t notice how many views your vids have been getting recently  Like I thought you still had 10k crazy congrats man
I’d like to point out that the lyrics of Iroh’s song have two potential meanings here.  The first is the happier rendition, where the phrases:  _Brave soldier boy, come marching home._ _Brave soldier boy, comes marching home._ Are referring to a parent, bidding their child return safely, and the child does so in a joyful reunion.  The other… is that the child is bid farewell, and who returns instead is their superior officer, recounting their deeds of bravery to the family of the child.  But since Iroh _was_ his superior officer…
7:12
Fun fact: The little girl with the hat in the Aang part of the episode was a little girl from the Make-A-Wish foundation that asked to to see where Avatar was made. When she went, she met the cast and creators and they offered to draw her into an episode AND she got to voice herself, complete with the hat she was wearing in real life! I always think this little piece of information is super duper adorable.  Also, from Iroh's story. I think a very important thing to mention is that all the lessons that Iroh teaches the boys is lessons he is trying to teach Zuko: relaxation, honesty, pragmatism, and how to believe in oneself. Iroh is truly an amazing character with an amazing arc.
I love your vids!!!!
12:16 from re constructed the chemical compound people now know why animals never eat human meat besides when starving: it tastes horrible! not joking animals attack humans take a test bite then leave so probably not many kids go missing maybe like one would bleed out but i doubt it
I say this from the bottom of my heart: FUCK you for making me feel my feelings 😭 I literally skip anything Avatar when Iroh's tale is brought up because I cannot NOT get a lump in my throat and teary eyed when it comes up. Such a profound part of my childhood. I put off watching this episode of your channel because I knew this was coming. I went back and watched the episodes I didn't like that you reviewed just to put off watching this one.
6:12 sad that a lot of real ppl have to deal with similar sceniros of their children dying
5:18 and in the zuko bit he helps zuko get a date
i think zuko risking his own safety just to make sure this girl he barely knows has the night of her life is really sweet actually. if he's gonna be dumb then at least he's being selfless too.
ayo fire vid upvote on the algorithim
Reminds me of Harry Potter when we lived on Diagon alley
I thought Toph was imitating a snail, or some in universe animal.
Leafs from the vine
You got me all sniffly at the Iroh part then  the "Baker Street" joke cheered me up. Thank you for that roller coaster of emotions.
My personal ranking of the tales are:  1) Iroh, classic, beautiful, the whole Shabang. I love iroh being a dad and the ending is so sad 2) momo, I think it’s one of the better episodes, and it’s kind of boosted bc it’s the only one with real plot in it 3) zuko, I think this is adorable, and I like how zuko’s arc is continues 4) toph/katara, I like how this is helping make toph feel more real, and helping katara and toph become better friends and closer in general  I feel like aang and sokka’s tales are about the same, but just less interesting than the other ones 5) Aang, I feel like aang’s tale is sweet, showing how he really does care about animals and the common person. However it does just kind of feel like reinforcement so not as strong as other eps imo 6) sokka, I feel like sokka’s is the weakest, but that’s just because it doesn’t really feel like sokka. Like ofc he’s the funny guy, but I feel like his switch to mr responsibility is  a little too sudden imo, and I think if that switch was started here and slowly worked up through the invasion, it would be a lot nicer in my head
Will you also do the legend of korra?
In the episode - Bitter Work - when Iroh is at Lu Ten's grave.... it looks remarkably like the same spot in this episode. Lu Ten died during Iroh's 600 day siege of Ba Sing Se - so it makes sense that his grave would be there or at least near there. It must be the hardest and most humbling thing for Iroh to find safety and stability by staying in the city that is a constant reminder of his greatest military defeat and the place where he experienced the greatest pain of his life - the loss of his beloved son.
"Oh boy I might make him a little nervous"  ?
I kinda acidentally binged watched all of ur vids in 3 days lmao and am only now realizing that these vids arent that popular, i thought you had a million subs until i actually saw the number, keep up with the great job and i hope more people can be as lucky as me to have your vids randomly pop up on my homepage :))
So Aang is the only other person to earth bend while not being grounded. You mentioned during “Imprisoned” that Haru and only one other person were able to do so in the whole series. We’re you referring to Aang when he bends the zoo walls? (Not including when he’s in the avatar state fighting Ozai)
Irohs tale is the has the same emotional energy as the first few minutes of up
I just noticed that Iroh helps progressively older boys throughout the day, mirroring how his own son was supposed to age throughout his life
Avatar is the only show I can think of where I cry more for the “villains” than the protagonists
Love your content!! Stay safe everyone ❤️❤️❤️
man, whenever I see this episode, I always tear up a little because of Iroh. dang, TLoA is a bloody masterpiece.
Question: when Aang is earthbending the zoo enclosure while riding on his air sphere thing at 7:33 is that the only time we see him bending two elements simultaneously outside of the Avatar State?
Hey, These  analyses are fantastic. In depth, great attention to detail and just plain fun. Keep up the great work!
I have watched avatar since it came out, being born in 2000 it has been a significant part of my life and has helped me develop myself on many levels, now that I have had a son for just over a year I have to say the Irish scene hits on a whole other level. I’ve never actually shed tears watching something until binging your videos motivated me to rewatch my favourite episodes. This being one.
Congrats on trending
This channel is the hardest I've ever laughed at anything ever. My stomach hurts.
Excuse me more appreciation for the cabadge man please 🙄😂
I’m so glad this channel exists.  Keep up the good work.
I'd also love to see more bending sports, but too bad LOK completely ruined it
What a devoted channel. #41 on trending too.
Iroh: Leaves… Me: Dehydrated from crying
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
Second best non action episode after Amber island prayers
Random fact. Iroh singing was actually him telling the audience goodbye because he had just been diagnosed with a terminal throat issue (can’t remember what exactly) and he knew this would be one of his last times voicing the character. The tears were real. Also the portrait of his son is actually a portrait of the voice actor from a photo of when he was younger.
2:48 “Toph and Katara have had a somewhat ROCKY relationship up until this point” good one Sokka. Lol
Leaving my obligatory comment, did anybody figure out who that cabbage guy was?
First thing he states reveals his foot fetish to Toph, hahahahaha!
Dude I’m going to donate to your patreon. Don’t care how long it takes, when you see $150 donate you’ll know it’s from Caesar
My dude, “Random Cabbage Guy that we’ve never seen before” is “THE Cabbage Guy”
🪙✨Stack physical Silver, protect yourself from Inflation and keep your privacy #WallStreetSilver 🪙💯✨
7:28 cabbage guy
I DIDN'T COME HERE TO CRY
When you get to The Beach, when Zuko leaves the party there is a "Niiice!" which I feel must be used in conjunction with "that's good!" That is all.
Man, I’m officially caught up. No more binging :/
The original rap battle: the soka and poetry girl haiku battle - the cringe
Almost getting to the point of crying when the Tale of Iroh is talked about to almost exploding with laughter at the appa whistle joke - your way of humor and editing is simple but so amazing!  Please... please just tell me that when you finish overanalysing the Avatar, you will overanalyse Korra or even other shows as well. Those Samurai Jack refrences with the "almost like Akuu" head gave me some hope that you would comment on that show as well, it's one of my all time favourites :)
Don’t hate the cabbage merchant guy smh
"Rocky relationship" HaHaHaHa
Dude, you are awesome!!!!
Oh shit, this video is current!  I've watched literally all of your series now.
Found this channel today and the latest vid is covering TALES OF BA SING SE? aw hell yeah
Shit man I binge watched all your overanalyzing videos this week and now I have to wait?! What did you do to me!?    P.S. Appreciate you making these, don't want to pressure you.
And now I’m caught up on your channel 🙏🏻 might have to make a patreon just to get my fix of over analysis
Definitely my favorite overanalyzing episode yet Seeping vapid b*tch energy Wtf is this guy doing
Can you record it with subs on, that would make it even better
you NEED to do more nippicking  AFTER your done with this set up  loving this and cant wait for more
Your not gonna mention how momo doesn’t understand the chef but understood the swamp tribe saying he wanted to eat them? Actually I guess it was appa who understood them
Why do you pretend you don't know who the cabbage guy is?
How about Streaming a watchthrough?
Iroh I love him so much and seeing such a man cry makes me cry everytime I watch that clip. I bet any person alive who would watch that clip will break down and cry. To lose someone is painful and seeing Iroh treating young men and kids with the same kind of love and kindness as they were his own kid just 😭😭😭
I remember growing up and being genuinely touched by irohs part of this episode makes me tear up, i think this show has given me appreciation for good storytelling at a young age bc I’m very picky with things i enjoy watching. What a show!
"The Tale of Iroh" is indeed amazing.  Iroh is in hiding in an enemy city (indeed, THE enemy city), and having a nice day, engaging with the citizenry in very positive ways.  And he's still our regular old pleasant Iroh as he's climbing the hill and setting up his "picnic", and then ...  you're plunged into the depths.  The episode shows both how he has overcome his grief, and yet his grief is always nearby ... just amazing.  And then later he's anxiously waiting for Zuko to get home and you're reminded that he's still working hard to help a troubled young man, and he's not obviously succeeding.  This was the episode I was looking for immediately after discovering your channel a few weeks ago.  And in the meanwhile I've become hooked!  Good job.
Ive done it ive watched all the videos im caught up.
I agree that Momo's segment is sad. It's just a really sombre moment. Him sleeping inside Appa's footprint. You see a lot of Appa and Momo together throughout the show but until that moment you don't see how much they actually care about each other.
I have nothing to say. Here's a comment for exposure.
Anyone else notice ba sing se and the walls in aot look kinda similar. Also the dude who got his window broken, like he said is a literal giant (titan) 👀 possible crossover?
Love the vids! Keep up the great work
Bro I just discovered you videos like, 3 days ago. I love them all. Keep it up! Fastest sub in the west.
Don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry
you sound like @gypsy and it's creeping me out
when I was a kid, I couldn't understand how deep the Iroh story was
3:38  That's a jab at Korra, isn't it?
“Fuck, just let me be happy”   Could not be more relatable with this arc.
What if the girls who made fun of Toph where serious and she couldn’t tell they were lying Bc they were jealous. Headcannon now
Like and comment
congrats on trending!
Best girl Jin has arrived!
It occurred to me that in the tale of Iroh, his last act of kindness was him taking a young man who is doing something morally wrong (Mugging) and actively helps him do that wrong thing better and more effectively. That seems bad, but we realize Iroh is subtly useing that trust building to gently put him on the right path. It is exactly what he is doing with Zuko, and is perhaps a bit of foreshadowing. He even gives both Zuko and the mugger advice on their stance, like with Zuko during his duel with Zhao.
I do consider it a filler in terms of plot progression, but the content is by no means empty. It's a very strong episode that builds a lot on the different characters and shows us what they're like when there's nothing else going on. They're interesting characters even without the plot to lean on.  Much unlike the great divide, which is literally empty space filler
I think with Toph it was a disguise last episode or a mask. This time she is doing it because she wants to and is surprised that it doesn't feel restricting like her homelife made makeup feel
7:39 earth bending without being grounded
I actually cried with the two seconds of Iroh’s song that he played.
if you didn't cry during Iroh's song your a sociopathy
Ooh ooh if you pay close ish attention the appa fur in the bag was because aang filled it to lead away azula, mai and tylee
I came across this channel by pure accident, but after binge watching a lot of episodes I am now subscribed.
Overanalyzing korra maybe
not sure if this has been asked but will you overanalyze LOK after you're done with ATLA?
These are fucking amazing! Like I found a goldmine of awesome content to binge watch
And they left a big hole in the bridge. Some poor unsuspecting merchant could loose a lot.
Damn this channel is really blowing up, I swear these vids had 20k views each on average for a few weeks, but I love to see it, you are great 👍🏻
I actually feel like the girly comment is incredibly poignant. Toph so far has never indulged in the things that she would consider girly out of anything but duty - including in the prior episode. This is her moment to just relax and enjoy herself, experience what other girls might that she has been denied in her upbringing. I think that is also partially why they put her in the same makeup, to draw parallels to the previous episode
Could be a slug monster rather than an alien.
Fun
I'd say that Toph feeling "girly" after going to the spa makes sense, in the last episode they dressed up as a disguise and had a mission to accomplish. It wasn't really for fun or anything. I can definitely see it argued either way, though
#28 in the german trends Congrats man
I wonder if he’s gonna overanalyze korra
When he said "ah fuck" after tale of iroh came on screen I felt that on every level
So I’m curious, are you going to do Kora after you finish avatar, and is there a Patreon reward to do the movie that shall not be spoken of?
Just randomly stumbled upon this channel God I love it, havent had the time to watch all the episodes but I am so much looking forward to it!!
The girls murmur 'opening night' and 'im nervous'
Fun fact of the day, the kid whose cat is in the zoo just happened to be in the recording studio that day. She was there as part of Make a Wish, and got to meet the cast. They gave her the one line, and her character is modeled after what she was wearing and how she looked when she came to the studio that day.
The Tale of Iroh is one of the only videos/movies/animations that can actually make me cry, like why tf does it have to be so damn sad
*Request* Tierlist of all Avatar mix animals    TierZoo style  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw'
Ok ok hear me out, in avatar, I’ve heard that the lion turtle that aang encounters is the last remaining one from the four seen in the “beginnings” episodes of the legend of korra. You don’t really hear of this lion turtle again since aangs encounter, but in a particular episode of the legend of korra, when she is being chased by her twin cousins and gets attacked by a spirit only to awake on a random island, there is a small part of the episode right at the end when she is flying away from the island after regaining her memories and all the spiritual stuff from the pool. In this part of the episode there is a small island off the coast that’s shaped remarkably similar to that of the lion turtle, this could explain how she arrived on the perfect island by chance for her to regain her spiritual powers, if the lion turtle somehow transported her to this place on purpose.  But then again this could just be absolute nonsense and it’s just some random ass island  And after some checking, you can see what I’m talking about in season 2 episode 8 at 23 minutes in
We've actually seen the cabbage dude several times before, i'ts a running gag.
70k 70k 70k!!!!!!!
Meter, not feet.
Bruh notified her toes were different length 😮
It not really a filler if you ask me. Since the library episode there had been a ton of action and plot movement. The story kind of needed a break. Plus it great juxtaposition between the gang just hanging out and horrible things Appa is going through.
Considering I just found out about this channel less than a week ago I'm glad I've seen this channel double in subs in that time. You deserve it man.
I subscribed when you were around 10k subscribers. And now you’ve passed 70k in like 2 week. Insane channel growth, but well deserved!
Jesus loves you need to be filled with the holy spirit, watch Cleveland Street Preachers.
I love that avatar is getting a resurgence in popularity and recognition on the platform. This is one of the greatest and most well thought out shows of all time!
this channel is blowing up, 10k in 2 days
Overrated episode, but it's still good
"He'd love to!", nice going, Iroh!
3:40  There's pro-bending eventually.
Who is this cabbage guy?!? Anyway so random.
This was one of my first introductions to a “filler” episode as a kid. This also made me realize that ATLA was above alot of shows in its character work.
at 11:29 Iroh actually smiles before turning his back
Tophs mud face was supposed to be a slug I think
3:25 yet Iroh could not tell if a certain is delectable tea or deadly poison
Ight, I'll be honest the Iroh short makes me cry like a bitch because of how heart breaking the show is with it, but that song man learning the depth makes it so much harder
DUDE you are one of my Favorite YouTube channels the algorithm brought me here, and I binged all your Videos in one day do you have a second channel or some more content ?
This is the only channel I have ever turned on notifications for. Great work
By far my favourite episode. Best part was easily the poem battle.
whats up with denying the cabbage merchant his due? Dude was the person most negatively affected by the gang. Bet he wished the avatar stayed frozen
Found your videos yesterday. And I am officially caught up outside of Patreon. Just wanted to say you do an amazing job, you have good insight and amazing delivery.
Saw your first episode yesterday binged all the way up to here forgot how much I love the show didn’t know that there was a comic book until you said love to get your thoughts on legend of Korra in detail more than yeah it’s pretty good or yeah shit
Man I plowed through your whole channel in just 2 days keep it up from first to now there all amazing.
Tales of Sokka foreshadows Sokkas decision in The Day Of The Black Dun to push forward
The algorithm brought me to this channel yesterday and I have watched every video. Great work dude!
Damn, you blew up. Deserved!
I love this channel and I hate I found it a couple days ago. If only it took me a couple more months, I'd be able to watch it all at once. Seriously though, amazing content, watched like 5 to 10 episodes a day!
Honestly still find the intro super jarring after the events that happened last episode lol  Great work as per normal. Aang and Toph/Katara's stories feel the weakest, with Sokka's in the middle and Zuko/Iroh's at the top!
maybe the series always has full moons because something significant always happens or they do something that furthers the story to them perhaps at least once a month, that seems to make it to the episodes?🤔 just a thought don’t kill me
I liked this so fast that I accidentally hit the dislike button 😔
Congrats on 69,500 subs! You earn way more, I love your love for Avatar. It‘s one of my favourite shows ever.
That cabbage guy looks familiar... was he in an earlier episode?
I love this channel for its over analysts. I love the show but I never caught a lot the little things. I've binged your whole series, anyone else?
I can't wait when you tell what do you think about last agni Kai
I just realized that avatar is similar to the hundred year war with the fire nation as Britain and the rest of the world as France
Iroh only needs to lines and I'm in tears. Simply a beautiful moment of writting
Every. Single. Time. I cant not tear up... Rest in Peace Mako
I dare you to over analyze the last airbender movie, im sure you have a strong opinion aboht it
I discovered this channel a few days ago and it was at 30k subs. I'd ask how you managed to get to 70k so quick but we all know why  It's goood
7:33 Aang does earth bending without being in contact with the ground.
I will forever be salty over Zuko and Jin not ending up together.
Im glad this channel got recommended to me
100k views in 18 hours geez
algorithm
Man, I LOVE Avatar. So thankful that you made this channel.
The Tale of Iroh is the best
So is aang earth bending the zoo's walls the second time in the series someone earth bends ends while in the air?
How has he never seen the cabage guy
I just binged your whole channel (except Q&A and Appa growling) at one day xD
Seriously my eyes well up at the iroh scene even when i can’t here the music
Yooooo channel tripled! Invest in this now boys it’s going to the mooooon
I think... I thi- I love you.
rocky relationship. Really.
I just wanted to say, I came across your channel like last Sunday and I already watched all your videos. You are hilarious and informative, and your videos made me start ATLA all over again. So yeah, thanks for your content and I hope there will be more to come
This episode proves that Appa can understand humans. When we go into Momo's head, humans speaking is gibberish, as despite being a smart animal he's still an animal. But in Appa's head, humans speak normally. This is why he follows orders and responds so humanly, because Appa is FULLY SENTIENT AND KNOWS WHEN YOUR TALKING ABOUT HIM
I swear, every day I come back to this channel, it has like 10k additional subscribers. Awesome to see.
I always guessed Tophs lie detecting was more about heartrate, like polygraph machines. Somebody gearing up for an insult wouldn't have the same nervousness. To support this, when Azula lies without Toph knowing, it's like beating a polygraph, she's just such a confident lier she can lie without feeling any anxiety
POV you’re binge watching these 🍿
Strange, for some reason it rains whenever I watch Iroh's tale.
Considering the facts that iroh is a part of the white lotus   that could also be reason that he knows things about flowers.
I feel like there's going to be people saying Like if you were here before a 5K or 10K just knowing what YouTube is come to.
The level of Cabbage non sense here is perfect ... like who was that guy makes zero sense
the guy crying during the tale of Aang just watched the tale of Iroh for the first time. That is why he is crying.
This Cabbage dude is the founder of Cabbagecorp in the legend of korra
I found your at like 15k subs, in so glad you're blowing up my dude!!!
I love this episode
7:46 *N O R M A L     C A T*
bro .. lust sunday when I first saw a video of you ... you were at like 23,000 subs.. and now.. 68.200 subs.. what the heck?!?  love the content tho, so it's well deserved
How do you not know cabbage merchant?
I wonder who Iroh's wife is/was
Awesome 👌
Poor Jin must've flipped out when she realized she kissed the fire lord later on in the series.
Jin best girl. Fite me.
I like this series but the overanalysing part is a bit of an exaggeration. I watch people analyse 5 minutes of a film in an entire hour with tons of background info :D Still giving this a thumbs up and I really like the small jokes you edit into the videos
So I somehow forgot about the fact that…yea Iroh did besiege the city, breaching at least one wall, less than a decade ago….so the outer ring at the very least HAS to know about the war?
Dababy
The moonflower is also a delirient iroh is doing some strong shit in his tea
Welp I just binged everything this channel has so far in two days... :D
#Before100kgang
welp i've caught up with every video now. bingeworthy content so far, huge props
Binge watched all of these episodes just yesterday. Content is too good
am I the only one hearing "it's tricky" in the intro?
If you keep this rapid growth up, everyone will be subscribed when you finish the show.
You used "rocky relationship" and just kept going like we wouldn't notice...
This is the one episode I was looking the most forward to, as I agree this is the best few minutes in the show  Funnily enough, even though I wasn’t watching ATLA again, I still cried over Irohs tale
8:09 C- c- C o w s ! ? https://youtu.be/FavUpD_IjVY
You've not seen the cabbage man before? He's a lil reoccurring joke we see from the start as he flees for Basingseh selling cabbages only to get his cabbages ruined by the gang
the tale of Momo is so underrated! yes I'll cry my eyes out at tales of Iroh but little sad Momo in appas big foot print just missing his best friend??? Yeah kills me everytime 🥲
Holy crap. When I started watching this series yesterday it was at 58k subs. Now you're almost to 68k
You should overanalyze the episode where soka makes his sword
"Leaves from the vine..."  That is such a monumental moment.
I’ve been waiting for this episode since yesterday when I found this channel
Wait how the fuck are you growing so fast, i swear you were at 10k a week ago
Nah iroh made me break man. I come from a military family and I’ve felt someone never making it home. That song makes me cry without fail every time. Fucking amazing “kid” show
“Toph and Katara have has a rocky relationship up to this point”  I reacted exactly like Sokka when he said this
im honestly so happy that i found this channel, defiantly worth the 3 hours of sleep im gonna get
I would actually watch earth bending soccer
Babe wake up new Overanlyizing Avatar video dropped
Aang canonically is the sax player for Baker Street
killing it my man!
the worst episode in the series in my opinion.
Iroh's tale is great and all but to me Momo's tale is the best one. It tells so much without speaking a word.  Also, I've speed ran all the video's on this channel in 2/3 days and yesterday felt really weird with nothing to watch on this channel.
Dude bending sports is show in the air temple. Aang 7 sokka zero
I hate the new avatar koru
That permit thing always bothered me about Aang's story. What's gonna happen to that zookeeper once Aang is out of the picture? I don't imagine it'd be that hard for a team of earthbenders to put that field back the way it was.  Also: Jin best girl. Fite me
socks are here
I always wondered what would have happened to the avatar cycle, if the Air Nomads were permanently extinct.
Wow, your work is great. When you finish Avatar, do you intend to do The Legend of Korra as well ?
Ur a beast my guy. Just a couple of days ago im sure you had half your subs. Keep going. The sad thing tho is that eventually this content will end. Im hoping you do Korra as well since its good too but im not sure if you watched it as many times as atla
"Toph and Katara had a rocky relationship up to this point" i see what you did there
I think you would add a lot of entertainment value & community interaction to your analyses if you rated each episode
7:55 ??? I’m a little nervous
The girl you talk about at 7:44 was discussed in an unverified reddit post claiming that she was a make a wish kid whos wish was to meet the show creators and when she did, they had her voice a line and had an artist model a character after her.   The hat the character wore is said to be nearly similar with the one she was wearing on her visit to the studio.
I knew I was gonna cry about Iroh, and it sure didn't stop me from doing it.
Just hearing you talk about the Tale of Iroh and acknowledge that words can't express how perfect it is has me in tears.
I don't know if I'm strong enough to watch appa's lost days tbh
God I absolutely love this episode it's so so good
Just commented this to help OA
Wow your really shooting up in subscriber's, you deserve it
It’ll suck when he’s done with this and will have to go to the forbidden show
Finally caught up :)
OH BLESSED CHANNEL. ENLIGHTEN ME ON THE STATUS OF THE MOON CONTINUITY!
I can only hope this channel blows up further!
Is jade sasha reincarnated
ITS HAPPENING !!!! BUCKLE UP THIS CHANNEL IS EXPLODING :D I'm so happy for you
most people cry every time they watch the iroh story i dont never did even when i was a kid idk maybe im just a guy with no soul but yeah its sad but i dont shed one tear ever i can sing it and if i could play an instrument play it without fail from crying
With how Toph picks up lying, I don’t think she would’ve been able to figure out that they were ‘lying’ at all. Like Azula demonstrates, it’s all about a steady heartbeat. Those girls were just being lil’ shitheads. They weren’t nervous or anything, just casually throwing out an insult. Toph wouldn’t pick up on that.  Oh that note, I’d say Sokka got the better short compared to Aang. I think his is better to show that while Sokka may not be as smart as the others, he picks up on things fast because of his wit. He quickly learns how the format of Haikus work and is able to go toe to toe with a master of the format almost instantly despite his unfamiliarity with the subject at large. Still gets fucked in the end, but it’s a great way to remind us that he’s not as dumb as he’s sometimes made out to be.
I'd say this is the 3rd best episode imo with Boiling Rock In 1 and 2
1:27 Tara Strong doesn't need a raise. She is the most famous female voice actor for children's  cartoons ever
Bro this channel is blowing up, I swear it had 21k subs yesterday
Good shit!
Wait, where was N O R M A L C A T ? ? ?
I think Toph was able to tell they were lying somewhat, but she just thought they were being polite, which IMHO, involves lying sometimes, and she was focusing on the fact they felt obliged to say that.  Or it could be that like Azula, female Draco Malfoy could be so good at lying that there’s no physical reaction to it.
6:03 you ain't human if you don't cry when Leaves from the vine starts playing
7:13 I cracked up, baker street is a damn good song.  Also even if people know about the war. Would they care about a fire bender?  A citizen has no control over their governments actions. Most people would not really care, they would think they were born in this country and have nothing to do with this war.
These videos are great I am really looking forward to book 4
2:49 "Toph and Katara have a somewhat rocky relationship" I see what you did there m8
I love your content
If you didn’t cry when iroh sang your lying
My hypothesis is that the makeup for the palace event was made by Katara (since she's the sighed one) after Toph gave her very general instructions about what's "in" for high-society Ba Sing Se girls, while at the spa Katara let Toph do it for them both and then only corrected the most obvious smudges. I think it's even more sweet and touching that way, and I think Toph would have enjoyed being "the one in control for something that requires sight", if you get what I mean. And it would explain why she felt so hurt by the rude comments, while she usually doesn't give a fuck.
Comment for algorithm
Yee
The “I have fuck you money tier” is undoubtedly the best part of this series
BRO! Ive been waiting on this video for a minute!  Cheers for pulling through!  Love from New Zealand    I like how you're analyzing alot more of the episode, Keep it up! you're doing good!  Defs should do other series!
Helping
Your channel is great, thanks!!!!!!
Your reaction to the titles for The Tale of Iroh literally made me choke, I'm currently coughing thanks
Ever since the first one you have gotten so much more confident making these and speaking your I'm guessing script you've made. It makes it more enjoyable to watch seeing you really make effort and enjoying making these :)
6:02 I'm a heartless bastard and don't cry when watching this part of the episode.
The algorithm kicked in, I binged the entire playlist yesterday. Keep the content coming!
So THATS what sokka looked like. Why did all his statues have huge muscles? He’s so scrawny And toph still seems like an ass even then
The guy crying in the back at 7:26 is the cabbage merchant and idk if it's always the same cabbage merchant but there is a joke in the show that the cabbage menchent stand gets destroyed
Dude we saw this cabbage man 4 times by now and every time you said it's the first time you saw him and you never saw him again Very weird for the person watched this show a thousand times. He was in 2 or 3 episodes prior to this one either
Not going to lie I got recommended this ages ago. But I tried to avoid watching it cuz iroh’s story is so sad
The cabbage man was shown earlier in the series.
before i watch this i know im gonna tear up I'm just calling it
Oh hey I know this is unrelated but I think one of the reasons the moon seems to not match regular patterns is cause it has a certain water princess in it ? It seems weird that the moons are one of the major problems especially since time is a major factor later on with the comet
Oh we’ve seen “my cabbages!” Before
You are the Overanalyzing Avatar and you dont know abaout the cabbage merchant?
I'm gonna rewatch the show and do a sort of watch along with your videos, I love these so much. You're doing amazing :)
I can't remember if it was from OA on stream or another video dissenting this episode, but it talked about how Iroh gave Zuko that terrible hair on purpose so that the girl would mess with it to give him some physical contact which I think is a fun lens to look at it.  I also never thought about how Iroh helps different stages of people, or that they were all boys before, starting off with a toddler to kids to a young man, showing how he would have treated his son at each of those stages too! Absolutely brilliant, and I would never have seen it if it wasn't for this freaking amazing channel! Love the patreon compliments as always!
7:30 Elephantmandril calf
My favourite part of this episode is 100% zukos story actually cause I see myself in zuko in a lot of ways and the way he just slowly opens up in the series honestly felt really relatable
0:35 that was great 😆
I had the exact same words in my head when we got to "The tale of Iroh"
Quick question for ya. After you're done with Avatar The Last Air Bender, are you gunna do Legend of Korra?
insulting cabbage man like that.. how shameful
5:50 I'm not crying, you're crying!
0:37 I think Toph is going for a freaky snail-lady hybrid spirit, probably liklier for her to know what a snail looks like. The theremin music is reoccurring, e.g. when Sokka tells about his dream wherein food eats people.
Filler episode? Every single episode is pre-planned that doesn't make sense xD Thanks for mentioning that
7:06 oh my GOD are you serious right now
I binged this entire channel. The drill episode got recommended to me, and you mix in just a bit of the comedic aspect of cinemasins nitpickiness with great analysis and running gags that aren't obtrusive enough to be annoying or gatekeep people who haven't seen your channel before. Even your patreon shoutout's more entertaining than most, with all those chuck norris esque jokes you give the top patreons. (I also love the name for that tier. Its so accurate.) Avatar's an incredible show and I'm pretty much always willing to see another take on it. I'm honestly sad you're already halfway through Avatar, and I'm just curious what else you're gonna do here. Keep up the great work! You're really knocking it out of the park, and right into some dude's cabbage cart. I wonder what his deal is. Eh well, not like he'll ever get brought up again.
10:30 That kinda reminded me of when Moses killed that egyptian because of the whole "I hope noone saw this right now..." moment xD
I heard at least 2 words which are open and under….idk At 7:48
This made me tear up.
3:17 SAME REACTION LMAO
Well in the last episode she was pretending to be okay with the make up for a mission while here she’s actually feeling like it fits her for once.  She feels like she’s still herself.
Found your channel yesterday and I really like it. Keep up the good work!
Damn you, now I need to watch ATLA all over again..
When I first found this channel, THIS is the one episode I looked for
This channel is amazing. Writing and narration are top notch and I find myself learning and laughing with every video.
Comment for algorithm
6:54 that is no random cabbage merchant. that is THE cabbage merchant whos cabbages have been destroyed by team avatar like 5 times. also the same cabbage merchant who founded cabbage corp in legend of korra.  edit: watched a bit further, i think i picked up on the sarcasm now. i fell for it like a dam fiddle or something
This channel went from 50.7k yesterday to 65.7k and it's only 4 hours into the next day (4 am)
“AWE FAWK HERE WE GO” 😭😭😭
Took and Katara have a ‘rocky relationship’… nice.
Quick question, are you from Maryland? Or at least from a state near the mason dixon line? We have incredibly similar accents and it throws me off since I haven't heard it since I moved down south
Man will be at 💯k in no time
I randomly came across this channel recently and had to sub on this one. I LIVE for your videos dude. Please do them all.
3:16 ...     *I N H A L E*
OH YEAH avatar aliens is the logical next step of the series, cmon, we barely even touched on their world as a planet on a system on a galaxy and now they HAVE to be starting to study the sky and space cmon they had a giant drill now we need a fire nation rocket
Im actually looking forward to these every week. I hope you do it for Korra too!!
Like who gave you the RIGHT to be such a funny and interesting creator like I love your content
This episode is pure tears
If you had been paying attention, cabbages had been mentioned before in human history.
I'm so happy to have found your channel, you made me binge avatar again and god i love this show so much
Yee
I guess maybe it’s a joke I’m missing. But why doesn’t he know the cabbage guy?
"I at least well up every time I watch that scene"  Bruh, you have to *see* it to well up?
Are you going in order of each episode? And are you going to do LOK when you are done?
Sokka's haiku battle has some fascinating implications for the world of Avatar: the writing system might be traditional Chinese, but the spoken language *has* to be English, or whatever language the show is dubbed into.   How do we know this? Because unlike in every other episode, where you can infer that maybe they're supposed to be speaking Mandarin or a fictional language that we just hear as English, we have a very strict syllabic meter for most of Sokka's lines, and he's thrown out the second he puts in an extra syllable, meaning that if he's speaking a different language and we just hear English, all of the haiku must have the same meaning and the same number of syllables in that language. And I don't speak every language in the world, obviously, I'm barely even monolingual, but I bet that even if it's possible to say   "I calls it easy! Like I paddle my canoe, I'll paddle yours too!"   In a language besides English in a way that keeps the innuendo and implications intact while still fitting that meter exactly, English has to be the only language where you can do that for *all* of Sokka's attempts at Haiku without changing the meaning to make it fit the meter or losing some of the nuance.   I'm sure they change what's said to make it fit the meter whenever the series is dubbed into another language, but because of the setup, the spoken language of the Avatar universe has to be whatever language you're watching it in.
Just found the channel and wanted to see this episodes breakdown… just so happens it was uploaded literal hours ago 😂
I’ve never seen a series be on the same level of consistency as the material they are covering! Keep up the hilarious and informative content!
Let's not forget that toph can feel if someone is lying, so when Katara said she was pretty, she probably k ew that she was telling the truth
Finaly, we come to best eposode
for the algorithm
Good episode, good video and even better commentary
Each kid Iroh guides along his journey to his son's pseudo grave is a chronological metaphor for the time he had left with his son, from baby, to a child, to a man.  It's sad to think then that last person he helped was a lost soul frightened and confused. He sits and listens to Iroh's words, clinging to them for any sense of direction, for an opportunity to be worth more than what he is in this moment.  They don't show Iroh meeting anyone else past that. No hard working man with a passion to fulfill, or a married man with a family to care for.  It feels this may be a parallel symbolic sequence of his time with his son. Not just events he might of shared, but a peek at how his son's life ended, lost, looking for direction.  He was Iroh's soldier, and he died. I think that would mess me up in Iroh's shoes. I would not be confident I could be a good guide, or a good father. I think that for me, shows Iroh's character. He's not just a wise old man lifted by the revelations of loss like some Buddhist monk. He's just a father, in his eyes, a failed father, and despite the fact it probably hurts like hell, he continues to try to be a father. To Zuko, to people, to spirits, and to the world. That's not enlightenment, wisdom, or anything so celestial in its make. It's something far more human.  He's just trying... as hard as he can, he is trying.
This channel is awesome.
I never actually noticed that Iroh do that kind stuff in Ba Sing Se, in place where he lost his son. Im crying so much right now
5:47 "We see in an Iroh dream sequence when he's hurt that Lu Ten's grave is beneath a tree on a hill, somewhere in the fire Nation I'm sure." I always thought the tree where Iroh was mourning Lu Ten in this episode was his actual burial site. It made it even more sad knowing that Iroh hadn't been able to visit his son's grave in the years between his retreat from Ba Sing Se and his return as a refugee years later.
7:55 I might know? “Oh are you ready?” “I’m a little nervous, yes” That’s what I heard
god the end of iroh’s short makes me tear up every. time.
Overanalyzing Avatar: "Man, bending sports must be the coolest most expressive thing. Too bad we never get to see anything from it."   Korra Pro-Bending: "Am I a joke to you?"
As soon as you showed Iroh in the sunset at the tree over looking ba Sing Se, I teared up instantly. And it's probably been 10 years since I've last watched through Avatar.
8:18 A haiku- at its core- is simply the structure of a poem. It does not have to be about any one topic in particular, nor does it have to even rhyme. It is simply a measure of syllables. More complex and artistic TYPES of haiku exist, but such themes and the like are not mandatory for a verse to be classified as a haiku; only syllable structure.
Rocky relationship, hahahahahahahaha I see what you did there.
this is the comment saying that you're good keep gooding
One subtle, possibly unintentional bit of foreshadowing in this episode: the Dai Li aren't actually as omnipresent and powerful as they make themselves look. Why do I say this? Because Aang creates a zoo out of farmland without planning permission (given just how bureaucratic Ba Sing Se is, that has to be against the rules), Toph breaks a bridge and Katara assaults the Mean Girls trio, and we never see them face consequences for any of those things. I'm not saying they'd be kicked out for their behaviour, but you think they'd at least get fined or something. So the Dai Li probably aren't actually watching them 24/7, like Long Feng claimed.   Makes sense to me. Ba Sing Se is enormous, the Gaang can't be the only people under surveillance and the *idea* that the secret police are constantly watching you is almost as effective as them *actually* constantly watching you, and a lot easier to pull off.
hey man i could at least be a low level earth bender
Leaves from the vine
First learned of Haiku like a day or two before I watched this.... so that's fun :D
7:10 Best use of Gerry Rafferty's Baker Street I've seen in a while
Just binged all your vids and now I’m sad cause I’m all caught up
Everyone is a gangster until uncle iroh starts singing leaves from the vine
"Oh come on Maggie. I'm not nervous."  That's what I'm getting from those murmurs. Am I crazy, is anyone else hearing this?
"come marching home"    RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
FINALLY LETS GOO
I think now that you're gaining subscribers so fast, maybe chill a bit with the midrolls. So many ads are super annoying, and I get it with tiny channels, but as you're growing maybe think about turning it down.
5:00 Man It's just crazy how Iroh is now living in the city where his son was killed
Why no joke about evidence of normal chicken for the butcher scene? Missed opportunity, the normal animals joke should absolutely stay
When I watched the story of Iroh for the first time, I was to young to fully understand it. Now like 15 years later, it hits me every time.
Another episode, another full moon, looks like Yue was always part of the main cast!
You’re gaining subscribers so fast
was
Hey, I just wanna say. I love this series, I love you, you’re hilarious and I can’t wait for more!! I’ve watched all but like 2 videos so far lol.   Ps. Where can I be friends with you? I’ve seen this show 30 times start to finish and I’ve noticed a lot of the things you’ve mentioned, and put a funny twist on others that I’ve never thought about. I’d love to just be friends with you, cause you’re hilarious. Lol  Anyway, hope you have a great day/night and I can’t wait for the next video!
I was wondering why i only noticed this youtube series till now.  Ita freaking recent, damn! Good to see avatar still getting the recognition it deserves. Love your vids, mate!
I'm a major Jin and Zuko shipper (especially after reading the comics) but I really don't think they'd end up together because of the sentiment from episodes like Zuko alone.
"Its like dripping with vapid bitch energy." Yes 😂
Yo bro your stats jumper up Like crazy
The biggest masterpiece in all of atola
There are at least 6 people who pay over 100 bucks for this lad. Those people deserve the epic compliments.
JUST ON MONDAY YOU HAD 40K SUBS YOU'RE HROWING SO FAST! I'm really happy.
im honestly just commenting to support this series
He forgot the cabbage man :(
Underrated channel. Keep up the good work
FYI Mako Iwamatsu was the actor who voiced Iroh in the series. He  passed away before the series finished and this episode was dedicated to him. Great channel!
I wish you would have brought up that in the beginning of the episode we see Aang shaving his head which shows the viewer that he does still grow hair. I remember a bunch of my friends thinking Aang having hair in season 3 out nowhere basically, no sense.
Your view count to subscriber ratio at the time of this comment is 1:1. That’s fucking ridiculous and I’m glad your getting so many views.
I love how you ignore the cabbage guy completely and utterly
Bro keep up the good work i love ur videos and for my favorite episode too🥺🥺
Imagine calling yourself "Overanalyzing Avatar" and not doing at least a 5 min breakdown of Momos little song when he dances in this episode
0:18 Toph is very reluctant to allow anyone else to touch her feet, probably because insensitive handling there would make her deaf to other vibrations and thereby render her helpless (and because they are far more sensitive than other people's feet).
I've been waiting for this episode
You sound like the gamer TheRadBrad
Wait at 7:28 the guy crying in the background - that’s cabbage guy isn’t it
Pog new upload
@7:33 Aang was doing aerial, non grounded earth bending. Only other time you mentioned seeing this was Haru back in the episode Imprisoned
YOU GOT 5K IN LIKE 2 HOURS LOL
Let me know if this has been mentioned, but Toph could tell that Katara was telling the truth.
In literally 6 hours, you went from 58k to just over 64k subs, all 100% deserved. This channel is amazing, I've been missing ATLA content a lot lately and this helps fill that hole. Can't wait for the next few episodes!
Yee
Do you have any idea what you'll do with this channel after Avatar? I hope to see more content like this, centered around other shows you've loved too maybe!
Here from the Drill episode boom. Just watched the show on netflix after years of only scant memories of it. Keep up the great work!
Dunnknow if anyone mentioned it already, but me me during the mud bath scene Toph was clearly imitating some kind of slug or snails face.
I always liked Iroh even on my first watch through as a kid on air, but this... This is where I fell in love w the man. I really felt connected to him as an uncle/father.
There seems to be a very interesting dichotomy in Toph: The Blind Bandit and the vulnerable high society girl. She grew up not being able to open up to the people around her and was always seen as delicate. With this dissonance she created the blind bandit. Very commonly we only see the blind bandit, tough and brash. But slowly she opens up in moments of vulnerability seeking understanding in herself and the people around her. She created the blind bandit to show that she doesn't need to rely on anyone. But that's not who she is. She doesn't want to be alone. She wants mutual confidence between herself and those around her
Fuck man. It getsy nearly bawling every time. Yall know which scene im talking about
Wait a second when the hell did you get 64k?! 3 days ago you were 19k! 19! Edit:90 K?! WTF DUDE?! CHILL.
When you've seen Tales of Ba Sing Se enough times that even without the sound, you can read Iroh's lips and know EXACTLY what he's singing. Also, it's crazy to me they didn't make Iroh's story the last of the tales. I honestly think they should have, would have made the episode that much better, because the best story is only the second one that shows up. I would sincerely say this might rank as my favorite episode, at the very least it would be top five.
the fact that he said "rocky relationship" with no joke or anything, crazy
Your initial reaction to Iroh's tale was my exact reaction when I realized we were at this episode. If Iroh's tale didn't win any awards there is no justice in the world. R.I.P. MAKO. The world is poorer for not having you in it, sir.
Got  me crying in my room rn, thanks
2:40 I don't have any experience being a girl or being blind, but this moment with Toph made me consider the intersection from being both. Like being a girl means being told and taught that your physical appearance is very important, but being blind means you can't see that yourself and have to rely on others to tell you that. Like I can definitely see how someone can become insecure from living in a world that values something so highly and yet expects you to adhere to those gendered standards even when you yourself can't experience it the way everyone else does.
How do you not know about cabbage man?
Filler and Avatar do not belong in the same sentence.
immediately when i saw the iroh scene i broke down n listened to it at least 10 times.... i am unwell :)
"dripping with Vapid Bitch Energy" my new favorite line"
Subbed this channel because algorithm blessed me.
I find it interesting that Iroh has somehow managed to hold on to this portrait of Lu ten.  Obviously, it would be an item of extreme importance to him, but please, consider the following: Iroh surely doesn't carry this portrait EVERYWHERE on his person, which would make it very easily lost. Iroh has been in a lot of fights and it would likely have fallen out of whatever pocket he was keeping it in. not to mention when he was captured by earth nation soldiers they ransacked his clothes then just took him naked.... if he is assumed to always have this portrait how many situations would have called for him to backtrack and find this portrait. Also, having it on him during fights would likely damage the portrait!!!  So, If you'll entertain my line of thinking, Iroh likely had it stored somewhere safe... like perhaps in a literal locked safe somewhere on Zuko's ship? but that ship got blown to fucking pieces. surely Iroh wouldn't take lu tens portrait with him for a single night's stroll?   Is it perhaps possible that this portrait of his son is a recent discovery? REMEMBER the Dai Lee is working diligently to keep any and all mention of the war to a minimum, we are to assume this was also likely the case LONG before the present day in the story... how do you "disappear" a siege? surely in the aftermath of such an event, there would be heaps of evidence needing to be covered up. While perhaps they just did the casual "flip-it" maneuver as they did with Appa to bury all their problems... maybe... JUST MAYBE scavengers and clever salesmen scooped up some "genuine" fire nation souvenirs... perhaps something to sell at a certain black market? Lu ten is never explicitly stated as being buried properly at home... maybe it's a mock grave; there are plenty of those in the real world.   I am seriously proposing that In the aftermath of Iroh's siege, scavengers collected a ton of fire nation tech and/or tokens to secretly sell to black-market collectors. one of them encountered Lu ten's remains or at least the remains of his stationed post and grabbed the letter/portrait thinking it was just another thing to be sold. Upon entering Ba Sing Se, Iroh begins searching for the black market off-screen and after a few weeks of searching happens to stumble upon a heartwrenching letter was written by his late son, which he is only now ever seeing.   Thank you for coming to my ted talk
Another thing in Iroh’s Tale, the people he helps are in order of age from young to old, ie the phases of life he raised Lu Ten through
11:18 I haven't laughed so hard in a long time. Okay, tome to make room on the monthly budget. Fuck you very much.
Thank you for this channel. From one Avatar lover to another. Keep up the good work!
I am leaving a comment to appease the mighty Algorithm. And 'cause I really like this series.
This channel is growing absurdly fast, I rewatched countless of the videos and keep leaving comments on them to help the algorithm
I binge watched this series start to finish today and if I remember correctly your sub count was around 58 or 59 k around 3pm mountain time its 11pm now and your sub count is just under 64k. You're doing gods work man, and you are growing fast. Keep it up.
Bro. JUST the last two seconds you played of that song was enough to make me ugly cry. That's how bad this is.
The guy crying in the background is the owner of the cabbage stand that the animal is eating from I assume.
3:17 *YES! Exactly!!*
I am a babysitter for a living and lead make a role model for some young lads, I have thought boys the important life lessons about loving each other as brothers, peace and its importance, war and its meanings,  respect, and the strength it carries, so on and so forth. The biggest one is that okay to cry from time to time, and the only time they have seen me cry is for the tale of Iroh.
The cabbage man knows all 8 elements
I am convincing myself more and more that this is a penguinz0 hidden account who has found spare time and enthusiasm
when it comes to cabbage guy this guy has the memory span of a dead goldfish
I'm gonna comment anyways because this series gets me going so hard. This is one of my favorite episodes and I hope it is for your too!
I’m so so glad at the recent sub and view boost my dude. You deserve every single good thing that comes your way.
The baker street theme as aang blows the whistle 😂
god damn Zuko's mentality is screwed over by this point
The only thing that ruins the tale of iroh is that ill never be able to watch it for the first time again 😭
Nice vídeo 🤧🤧🤧
7:55 One of them is undeniably discussing the mokele-mbembe.
Toph: You know what else is a good one? *cuts to ad*
Actually, when he tries to juggle the items, he throws five. He just throws some together, in three parts. You even see them land together.
I heard a fan theory once that Iroh spent so much time on Zuko's terrible hair style (yeah, I said it) specifically so she would mess it up and get that physical contact.  Which sounds so much in character that I had no choice but to accept it as cannon.
Iroh's story is my fav passage in the entire series.
Iroh did a Taiji technique to take that knife from the guy. Pretty interesting knowing Taiji is the martial art reference to water bending. That goes to show he knows the basic to corporate it into lightning redirection
I think the biggest part is that Toph knows Katara genuinely means the compliment, because she knows she's telling the truth.
I'm studying one of the martial art referenced in fire bending. So may be I won't look like that guy. Probably being one of common fire bender in the background or something idk
Leaves from the vine 🙁❤
You said that earth benders are always grounded when they bend, but Aang just did a bunch of earth bending on his air scooter.
7:39 not to mention he's earth bending and air bending at the same time. Is that the first time he's done that?
hi this is an off comment, but the white lotus was fully aware of the coming eclipse. Thats why boomie didnt fight, he didn't expect his soldiers to surrender without a fight, but he couldn't give them the greatest weapon of war (knowledge) just because. Even the fire nation kept the solar eclipse secret from its people and soldiers.
I just realized that Mako was the voice actor for Iroh… fuck me this episode just keeps getting sadder and sadder the more times I come across it
When I saw this episode as a kid I didn’t get it, but then I saw it a few months ago and Iroh’s bit… shit hit really hard
I just want to say I found this channel like 4 days ago and I’ve binged all the videos already
Ive been bingewatching this show!
been watching your videos for the past few days, here’s a comment for the algorithm
Holy fuck this guy has gotten 40k subs in like less than a week
Lets heckin gooooo excited to see your takes on this episode and hidden details i missed.
2:47 Ha! Get it!? Rocks!    I"m sorry.
I hear a lot of "Justice for Jin" comments or videos but I think Zuko was right in not carrying out his relationship with her. I don't think he wanted to rope her up in all his past and current hardships.
Another point about haikus that Soka didn't know and made a fool of himself: In addition to being about nature, haikus are supposed to contain a "turn," which is a poetic device where the poem suddenly changes tone.      Well, that's at least the closest equivalent in English. Kind of like how the syllable count rule is the closest equivalent in English.
The quality of the videos is amazing. The humor is so flipping good. This man can edit. Great job dude!
1:35 fun fact: the girl on the far right has the exact same pink hair puffs as the Earth Queen in Legend of Korra. Meaning that she might be just be a younger version of her.  7:45 and this girl was actually apart of the make a wish foundation. She got to voice a character when she met the cast. The hat the character is wearing is actually the one they were wearing IRL
I found this channel a few days ago and just binged everything... Consider me hooked! Keep up the great work Detective Sokka!
Ok but you actually have the best Patreon readings and tier name. “Fuck you money” gets me to laugh everytime.
That cabbage merchant is a running gag where his cart keeps getting wrecked by Team Avatar. I think he was first shown in Omashu. My favorite part about this character is that he is credited by the Ember Island Players for providing key details for the play they put on in Book 3
Thank you for reminding a small part of the world why this series is the best cartoon ever made. Period.
I don't know if you're gonna like this, but almost every day has a full sun in avatar...
Love your work man. I watched all episodes last night. Soooo good!
The algorithm showed me your "The Drill" video yesterday, and I ended up binging the rest of your videos
Your not going to get me to watch Iroh's tale, sorry :(
Just found this channel. Fantastic!
Jinn's great. Glad she's getting some attention in the fandom, even if it's just comedic, "That tea server I went on one date with last year just showed up in the city as the Fire Lord" comedy material.
I have never watched avatar but now I wanna
No staff mention?  Aang just chucks it when he lands on the air cycle after flying over the gate.  Guess it would get in the way of his earthbending but he has it back when he's talking to the zookeeper.   I also noticed when we're with the gaang the streets are cleaner, since they're in a nicer part of the city than Iroh and Zuko.  When Momo leaves it's like their guest accommodations are in the middle of a park, there's even unworked stones laying around in a city where every bit of earth is carefully shaped and chosen deliberately.  Contrasting this, Iroh has to travel a long way to get to the patch of greenery he wanted to visit, his delays helping people making it take until sundown.  We see people unloading stuff from a cart outside the poetry place but there's no empty crates or jugs laying around in general in the upper city, everything is neat and tidy- It's probably easier to have jugs of lamp oil sitting on the street but that's no where in sight in the upper city.  The lower ring has more stuff which takes extra effort to draw.  There's jugs, boxes, crates, little plants growing in pots because they don't have the manicured hedges of the upper city.  In the lower city they just leave the packing crates laying around.  People use that stuff, there's no trees so they break delivery crates apart and bundle it up, use it for cooking fuel or crafting new things.  Streets aren't as wide because people are packed in tighter.  People have their laundry drying on lines.  Momo drinks from a rain barrel, like yeah maybe the water in the waterways isn't safe to drink, people gotta be washing that laundry somewhere, and can you imagine the sewer system they must have going on?  Something interesting with the butcher is the guy he's arguing with has a city official outfit on.  He's probably the licensed animal catcher or something and has this side business going on selling questionably sourced meats.
Keep it up:)))))
Man I wish Jin was in more episodes
7:27  My guy: that's cabbage dude. He was in the scene with the rabaroo earlier as you mentioned.
Hello just wanted to say the youtube algorythm brought me here and I love your content. Commenting and liking has worked, this shit is in peoples recommended now!
Joined the Channel last week and now I'm  rewatching the show now... Thanks man
I've been waiting for a shoutout to Dee Bradley Baker (cause that guy doesnt get enough love) and im begging it happens either next episode or Nightmares and Daydreams *crossed fingers + toes*
"-Comes marching home..." soft notes play "DOWNLOAD A FREE AUDIOBOOK WITH YOUR AUDIBLE TRIAL"  Edit: "now it's your turn to close your eyes!" leans in "NEW PERI PERI CHICKEN AT NANDO'S" Seriously YouTube fuck off out of my avatar time
Toph dressing up for the King would have been following all of the court rules she learned at home. It's less girly, more, "dressing up the family poodle" energy. Here, she has control over the look to some level, which is probably also why it's a less extreme look.
One point I think you missed was about the panthers. If all these tales are taking place on the same day, then the panthers could easily be stragglers from the new zoo that aang opened. Maybe that’s a little too nuanced but great video. I’m so stoked to see your episode on the earth king.
These videos are my crack
Iro's story is more than enough to make a grown man cry
That cabbage guy is so random.  I can't imagine someone like him running a real business.
Thank you for making this series. This is my all-time favorite show and brings back only the best memories from when I was little. I've seen the show probably ten times and I still don't pick up on so much of this. Seeing these details now makes me only love the show even more.
Avatar content, lesss gooo
Wait... how the fuck did you go from like 8k to 62k in a few weeks?! You deserve it, been watching for a long ass time after I saw someone retweet a recommendation on Twitter.
I always figured Toph was going for some kind of slug with the mud thing
I really wish they would have included Jin in more episodes, she is such a likable character and so cute with Zuko. It’s a shame really.
yay video
Found the episode on the drill and watched with my buddy, then binged the rest and went straight back into the show after.  Great content my man and good to you
7:50 "oh by the way I'm a little nervous,  yes."
Woah, your account had like 20k subs yesterday, that literally tripled overnight Nice, man
Always felt like the writers did Jin dirty to me. Maybe I’m alone but I don’t think I am when I say Jin and Zuko should have ended up together. At the very least she is more likeable than Mai
The standard to which all filler episodes of any TV show should be held
This is filler but the one in the theatre is not. Confusing. Probably a mixup.
Never disrespect the cabbage man, he is an honorary member of team avatar haha
Love the way you treat the Cabbage Man.
Pee pee
I think Toph went for a snail look, than like an alien look.
I have been absolutely binging these, I cant get enough! Keep up the amazing work
Iroh is my favorite character in avatar and this moment shows why. Great analysis!
Another thing about Iroh's story that makes it so fucking sad is how this lovable jolly man is broken down into tears singing a song about how fragile people are and all you can do it hope that those brave little soldier boys come marching home  i'm not upset to admit I at the minimum tear up every time I watch this
Damn this channel has blown up in just a few days
This is exactly what I needed, I binged all of it today
Love this content, the commentary is great, and its funny as hell. Do you have any plans for what to do after you finish atla?
Check out these views! So exciting to see your channel grow
It is weird that that cabbage guy says, "Oh, forget it," like this is part of some recurring joke.
The algorithm has blessed me with such a magical channel. May your sub counts ascend to greatness.
just looked at your channels stats over time. holy crap the growth you finally deserve !!
I would love to see new bending sports. The weird team battle game, we got in the legend of Korra was dumb. Moving a ball around with earth, devolved into simply throwing things at each other.
the "cow" is a baby elephant mandrill I'm pretty sure since its running next to a larger one
The “awwww fk ok here we go” when iroh’s tale came on, I felt that
the mumbling to me sounds like "nobody's angry and I'm a little nervous, yes"
I've never thought about Iroh spending the day being a father figure all day... you... you broke my heart all over again.
Found you last week and immediately started binging. Keep it up!
from the murmering i can make out "oppai" (japanese for breasts) and "nervous", im probably wrong but even that would be enough to spike my interest
Keep up the good work dude you are blowing the fuck up
Everyone talking about how Iroh's song was so sad. Is no one going to talk Momo searching for Appa by himself?
7:57 sounds like "ok *somenameIcantmakeout*, dont be nervous"
I had a huge crush on Jin when I was a kid and was sad that she’s never seen again lol
3:53 You're right and you should say it.  For real, the amount of effort it would take to achieve metalbending or bloodbending or other advanced techniques is insane - if bending was real, I would assume only top level incredibly talented and dedicated people could pull it off, like actual Olympians.   Most people would probably just get the basics down to avoid inadvertently causing disasters (firebenders especially), and maybe a few would learn impressive tricks to show off, but that would be it for the average person.   Like, I'm not about to go out and learn how to do some insanely technical triple flip or something - maybe I could, maybe I could pull off a front flip with enough practice and help, but I'm not willing to put in the effort for something that doesn't really interest me and could injure me. I admire top athletes, but I'm not looking to be one (and I'm pretty sure I'm not naturally talented enough to be anyways).   So yeah - in that kind of world, I'm gasping at an Olympian bending cleanly through several sheets of metal on TV while stirring my tea with waterbending, trying not to spill this time. That seems about right anyway.
The guy crying in the background is the cabbage guy
This might be a bit early to ask but Are you gonna do this with Korra?
I’ll be needing a short video of Aang playing careless whisper on the bison whistle.
Just found your channel few days ago and your content is amazing. I considered rewatching the whole series before this but this is much better for now. Your commentary is amazing and funny. As a person who has seen the series so many times already, I know many of these small funny details and mistakes. But the way you point it out is just hilarious. Keep it up!!
This is my Favorite episode. It’s not the “Best” episode but it’s my favorite.  I’m a world builder at heart and love character stuff soo yeee
7:17 What song is that again?
This channel goes hard, commenting for the signal boost
So happy the channel is growing :))
I have been waiting for this one. Uncle Iroh is just the best.
Woah, this channel literally exploded in size within a week. Thats crazy!
Well while toph can tell when someone’s lying, but azula showed people can trick her if they naturally lie and since that girl didn’t have any connections to toph she wouldn’t know about that lying power so she wouldn’t have any subconscious hold ups letting her lie in a way that makes it seem she’s honest
Go video, go algorithm
from a logical standpoint... it doesnt make sense that tophs soles look like that, i mean if they were soft she would have it alot easier to use her weird vibration vision thingy, i mean why wouldnt she take better care of them?
Bruh since when did the views become so much?! I swear just a few makes ago most video ms were barely cracking above 10k  You love to see it tho.
E
0:24 ever heard of puberty?
Damn I binged your content before I fell asleep and look at what I wake up to! Love your vids, keep it up.
I mean toph can also tell if Katara is lying so I guess her quick acceptance makes sense in that regard
There's a difference between being dolled up for like work or your parents. Actually feeling pretty and comfortable is different. you probably wouldn't understand the difference I suppose so I get it
FREAKING LOVE YOUR VIDEOS
I always figured the panther cats escaped during the zoo relocation...
Unpopular opinion: The Tale of Momo is better than The Tale of Iroh
Comment given
Not so fun fact but this entire episode was in tribute to Iroh’s voice actor who passed away. I was so sad when I found out
I like to note that I met Iroh's secondary VA at a Comic Con. He was dressed in full cosplay too. He was awesome.
"We're back to full moons" of course we are princess euia is keeping an eye on Saka
So 5,7,5 syllables is actually too many. In Japanese its 5,7,5 sounds which is different in a away I'm too ignorant to explain. A closer english approximation would be 3,5,3 syllables and from what I understand that's what is normally used in English haiku by professionals.
in the tales of sokka it sounds like they something like "oh man can lee make it" and then i can clearly hear "im a little nervous" so maybe sokka heard the im a little nervous and it caught his attention
i think the murmurs are "oh but it might make him a little nervous"
3:39 I don't know if this is shade thrown at Legend of Korra or if he just forgot about the pro-bending tournament that was so prominent in season 1. If it's the former, very funny
nice, I just found out about this channel and my favorite episode just got posted
"Toph and katara have had a *rocky* relationship so far," :D
Tale of Iroh -  * me already in tears - "Not again...I can't, I'm not strong enough"
0:29 LMAO
Wow I just watched through all your episodes today and a new one releases legit rn. I'm amazing!
I love the progression of this show. For me this episode really "feels" like season 2. We have Silly and fun from Aang and Sokka, even though theres still serious plot going on (appa gone, war to figure out). We have mature emotional insight into Irohs character that stick throughout the series. And we have hints of character development from Katara and Toph, and Zuko. I love season 2 for being able to weld these moods in a way that feels so organic. The journey has been long since the beginning, and while we still have silly fun moments, theres also a more serious air looming over everything. I imagine thats how it feels for the characters too. They know shits going down and theyre making good progress but you gotta have some fun sometimes, and you gotta deal with your grief as well sometimes. Incredible world building demonstrated in a single episode.
This is how fucked up COVID has me. I saw Sokka stumble into the poetry house and instantly thought "he needs to put a mask on, what is he doing?" Smh
10:02 I've just decided that the only moon phase Yue really likes is the full moon and she only does the other ones occasionally to mix it up.
New episode! YES
best channel I found I didnt even know I needed.
From watching this series I’ve realized something.  Every pretty much every populated place the gang visits has its own cabbage merchant and they didn’t even bother giving them different designs.  Lazy writing
This channel's blowing up and I couldn't be more proud
ATLA: The Tale of Iroh OA: Oh fuck... okay Me: quietly cries knowing what is coming
Keep it up, you have quickly became one of my favorite YouTubers
One of the best episodes
I can’t not tear up when I see this episode like this shit is so sad
My god if he doesn’t review the movie before/as a replacement or part 1 for the ember island players imma scream
The tale of Iroh man. It's impossible to not cry.
one of the murmurs is "i'm a little nervous"
leaves from the vine never fails to make me cry. never ever. like honestly, if i ever need to cry on command i just think of the song.
I wasn’t ready for this episode. I love this episode so much, I did my own arrangement of Leaves From The Vine for guitar
I always wanna cry when I see momo on appas footprint
Cant wait till you cover The Boiling Rock
It's so satisfying bingeing through all the episodes and watching your channel grow in-between each video. Keep it up
Found this channel a few days ago and have been binging these videos obsessively, absolutely stoked for you to cover the remainder of the series!!
Iron's song has always been so touching. When my cat almost died after disappearing bit he came back my sister sang that song as we drove to the vet. Our little soldier boy did come marching home.
cabage guy is a repeating joke. hes seen in the episode where aang sneaks' into that old city with the delivery system. then his cabbage is destroyed over and over again in different episodes
Jeez, pace yourself my guy
1:10 maybe because it was only for disguise 𝘣𝘶𝘵 𝘪𝘥𝘬
This is the best channel on Yt right now
This episode invented depression, and was so strong, it shattered space-time, and that's why there were instances of depression before this episode.
3:15 ah fuck, here we go. Knew it was coming
Trinston was here. .
I doubt you'll see this, but if ya do, what are you going to do once you're done Overanalyzing the episodes? Are you going to do korra? And if so, what next? You have a really good sense of humor, I think you should do more than just avatar content too
Amazing video!
Dude the tale of iroh makes me cry every time. I also can’t help it. The combo of knowing that irohs voice actor was basically singing to himself knowing his career was over and then the thought of someone reformed and kind like iroh/the thought of my own son dying before me just kills me.
That cabbage merchant that gets a line is actually a running joke. He also appears in omashu to break the gangs fall, and in the episode the ember Island players They mention “a surprisingly knowledgeable cabbage merchant” as one of the sources. The cabbage man appears many more times, but I don’t know them of the top of my head.
To the 19 dislikes. I was never angry with you. I was sad because I was afraid youd lost your way.
Been here for a week and just realized i wasn't subbed ;) advise you check as well
After watching the last air bender, and then watching the legend of Korra, and then coming back to The last Airbender its actually really interesting to see where alot of the fundamentals of Korra started that you just kinda forget about. Curious if you have plans to do this series about The legend of Korra?
I'm now caught up after finding this channel 4 days ago... Worth it, but now I gotta wait for each new episode
This is my favorite episode. I cry every time I watch it.
Momo laying down in Appa’s footprint brought me just as many tears as Iroh’s song.
Just from this morning to tonight youve gained 10k in under a day. And just from a few days ago you had 14k to now 61k as i write this. Congratulations you deserve all the success
You mentioned it was surprising when iroh turned with shock in the zuko thing but I don't think it's to ridiculous. He genuinely trusts zuko's instincts in the moment and is genuinely worried
:)
I set an alarm and i still missed the premiere
Hey what is the the upload schedule? Is there one at all?
0:41 its a slug bro
The cabbage merchant bit got me you magnificent b
As a mako fan I thoroughly recommend watching the M*A*S*H episode titled "the best of enemies" I believe it's the first episode of season 9. Fair warning it has very tale of iroh vibes.
Give this dude one more week and he's going to have over 100k sups.
If you don’t immediately start to tear up after hearing “Leave from the Vine” start playing, are you even human?
My man is growing every hour
Yaknow what screw you, it IS the best episode in the entire series. Hmph 😤
This channel is amazing I can't believe I only found it 2 days ago
"oh fuck here we go" for the tale of Iroh killed me because it's the exact same thing I was thinking!!
7:44 EXCUSE ME?! NORMAL CAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2:45 "Toph and Katara had a somewhat ROCKY RELATIONSHIP" ok, he uses a picture of Sokka after all
You’re doing well man! Keep it up!
what a great channel
i think that the episode should be exactly as it is but with the tale of iroh at the end, for a few reasons: -you just saw that momo finally and are probably like "duuude, nothing can follow that" and well, you are very wrong -is by far the most powerful moment in the series -it even ends with "in honor of mako" -all cool with aang and the zoo but its extremely dumb compared with the tale of iroh   also, in 11:24 i guess zuko slammed that door so hard it got fixed lol
This channel makes me love avatar more with the little details they put in that you don't notice watching normally. Thank you for bringing back some happy childhood memories!
I have now looked up who Mako was. You, sir, are a genius. Thank you for bringing attention to that little in joke without spelling it out for us. If you got it, you got it. And if you're like me, you'll look it up.
Please take this as a compliment, I love using your videos as background audio or as like a side video :))))
don't we see bendeing sports at the end of the last episode when the kids hit a ball over the tower of tank?
4 hours later and I’m finally getting what I need
man i can not watch this episode without crying.
How can you remember the length of Toph's toes, but not remember the cabbage merchant?!!?!?!?!?!?!?  Also the reason there was fur in Sokka's bag was because Aang put the fur in there to lead Azula away.
Iroh’s voice actor had cancer and was coughing blood up when he sang his song. He died a little later…. Mad respect.
5:21 iroh  Is probably among the best characters in animation ever  He just fucking great
Loving the content! Are you thinking of doing LoK after you’re done ATLA
seriously good content man keep it up
LETS GOOOOO
Sokka's story is basically some guy in the New York Subway having a rap battle with someone.
where do you come up with these patreon shout outs
shout out to Do Mutual Aid for donating so that at the end of every episode we get reminded to do mutual aid <3
This comment may get lost (which is a good thing) but I just joined this channel and I’m so into this. I’ve been binging the older videos. I’m happy you’re seeing success. Please keep it up. Blessings
One of my favorites here
Bro this content slaps
Absolutely amazing. I binged all of your videos in two days; keep up the amazing work!
Justice for Jinn, JUKO IS BETTER THAN ZUMAE OR WHATEVER
One thing is that when katara tells toph she's pretty I feel like toph was flattered because she can tell when people are lieing and she knew katara wasn't
The cabbage merchant is a running gag how did u not know who he is
I feel kinda like a kid again. Watching a show and waiting for it to watch a new episode (like on TV).   Kinda like the adult/Sokka version; pointing out the details, daring to criticize and stay sharp but still being a guy that is quirky, happy and aloof.
I swear I leave for a week 😂 and the video have three times as many views I love it
"oh fuck, ok, here we go!" Died XD
i can't believe zhen wei fu is still in Intensive care, they really did a number on him
i disagree, i totally belive lu teng's tomb is exactly where iroh is.
12:26 you can see the bottom cat leap forward toward Momo. That's the one that wrapped around him, even tho they didn't specifically show the animation for it.
"Vapid" that's a good word, it should be used more commonly in regular speech.  Regarding Toph's "I actually feel girly" comment, dressing up to sneak into the palace was an act, she didn't do it because she wanted to or Katara encouraged her to, she did it to play a part and accomplish a goal, ergo, it had no emotional weight to it. Going to the spa and getting her hair done with Katara may have been a similar activity but doing it was a choice that went counter to her every day persona so when it turned out more enjoyable than she expected, she expressed as much to Katara who had encouraged her.
The thing with haiku is that is has both traditional and modern styles - with the reference to nature being absolutely required in traditional haiku, but with more modern poets sometimes foregoing it. Fits well with the dichotomy between Sokka and the teacher.
12:27  E V I D E N C E  O F N O R M A L  M O N K E E
HELLOOOO THE CABAGE MAN IS THE SAME ONE FROM THE TRIAN STATION or am I wrong?
This guy got 10k subs in a day or was that just me seeing things?
Iroh's tale always hits hard 😢
I'm sad you didn't mention that Iroh's mugger is the same bandit they showed last episode when they wanted to show that parts of the city are dangerous
Haiku: 5-7-5 scheme, cutting word (connects separate ideas), seasonal identifier (could be human as opposed to natural, for example referencing a holiday)
Coming back to this glorious story as an adult and with others, not to mention a fantastic narrator is just awesome. Please keep up the great videos.
*Important question:* What happens after he goes through all episodes?
Subbed a few days ago at 20k, knew this channel was gonna be loved but at this speed is crazy! You deserve it man, flameo!!!
It's been almost 13 years and i'm still pissed that Zuko did'nt go out with jin, godamn
When people say men don't cry, just show them Iroh's tale.
I just caught up to make it to this upload and fuck I love this series, keep it up chief
I'm pretty sure several of these voices including the annoying Ba Sing Se noblesse were all Tara Strong.
Did you just get 30k subs in like a day? Congratz
Fuck even the small bit of Iroh's story made the tears come to my eyes man, ive watched this show tens of times over and I fucking cry here and only here every time, fuck man even thinking about it or the speech or the song make me cry, just a beautiful piece
Awesome content bro
1:51 Let’s take a minute to acknowledge yet another representation of bender supremacy, a shape we got to wait so long for the equalist to emerge
Don't think we didn't noticed that rocky relationship reference
Just found you today and I must say you're doing great work
Toph: "Y'know what else is a good one?!"  (stomp)  Youtube: _Advertisement_
@overanalyzing Avatar I got one for you in the tale of Iroh bit while he may have lost his son in the seige of bah sing se he gained another when his brother tossed his own son aside
Iroh: knows how to care for a moonflower Also Iroh: poisons himself because he mixes up two different flowers
3:57-surprised you didn’t mention that we see the same robber character in the background of last episode as the Gaang remarks on the poverty of the outer ring
Comment for he algorythm and to say that you doing great work! Always looking forward to new episodes <3
2:48. Did you seriously just rip that pun from The Ember Island Players?
There all very touching stories, and each one hits me in the feels🥺
I was waiting fir this one
Ba Sing Se is Super ghetto !!!!
Boomerang squad is catching on.
Rest in peace, Mako.
Man it feels so good to see the channel popping off. I came from Razbuten's original video that mentioned you and watch your stuff religiously. All of a sudden the other day all my previous comments on your videos have been blowing up with replies and I thought "what the hell, why now?" Then I saw your subscriber numbers. This is so sick
I tried so hard to understand irohs disarm technique and couldn't figure it out. Now I know why lol.  your last video was my first of yours,  and i loved it!
This channel has made me rewatch the entire series again!!
I love your channel and you make great videos
Thank youuuuuuuuu.
The ending of Iroh's tale, without fail always makes me cry
Great vid fam
I love his descriptions of his top tier patrons.  They're hilarious
I just binged your enitre channel, and I was so sad to now have to wait for new episodes, and you uploaded this like 2 hours after I finished the binge :D  I love the channel, and I will like and comment every video from now on! People need to see this!
Will you Do this Series with The Legend of Korra(LOK)???
love your videos bro. hope you do every episode
Thank you for doing this man, really interesting content.
I don’t even know how you would do a overanalyzing video on tales of ba sing se
God I love the patreon shoutouts... They're so damn funny.
The part with iroh basically broke me as a kid
My headcanon is Jin DEFINITELY knew Zuko was a Firebender after that candle stunt, like that’s the only conclusion one can come to when you close your eyes and open them to find someone lit 20 candles in 20 seconds across a large square.  And either A: didn’t know about the war and didn’t thank anything wrong about someone being a firebender. Or the more likely B, considering this was in the lower Ring: knew Zuko well enough after their date to not immediately freak out about learning he’s a firebender and decided to trust he’s not a monster like war propaganda would say he is.
Gems like your channel are the reason people love YouTube. I started watching 2 days ago for no other reason than boredom and have been entertained for several ejoyable hours thanks to your commitment and humour. Sadly I discovered your channel a little to early and can't just binge the series start to finish but I'm just gonna have to patiently wait now.  Keep it going you're keeping this platform fun.
The best part is the compliments.
3:54 and when everyone says the would firebend so they could use blue fire or lightning  bending
I love this. I hope my comment aids you down the YouTube recommendation river
On the topic of bending sports, that could be a good plotpoint for some future sequel series, if that ever takes place. Like, maybe if there was a competitively-natured future avatar, they could use the competitive nature of sports to recontextualize lessons about an element they previously could not wrap their head around. Maybe some natural born fire-bender avatar struggles with the concept of *not* being able to directly control water in the same forceful way they could fire, that they were able to at least vaguely successfully apply to the basics of earth and air, but seeing those lessons applied in non-standard ways could help them to understand it on a deeper level they previously couldn't wrap their head around.  Real Shame there hasn't been any word of a true sequel yet, I'm sure they could use this concept well, whereas weaker shows wouldn't think it through as a plotpoint and waste that potential.
Hey keep up the work, one of my new favorite channels, love your stuff
"Man, bending sports must be the coolest most expressive thing. Too bad we never get to see anything from it."  Korra: *has a sport that is just bend junk at each other until you win*
3:53
I've got an idea for your next video: Overanalyze the episode "Appa's Lost Days". Hit me up if you need any more ideas.
SOBBING
Not sure if you noticed but we see another example of someone earthbending while not being on the ground in the tale of aang when he puts up the wall for the animal enclosure. He is on his air scooter when he does this.
the patron shout-outs just keep getting better X'D
Yay
The intro always gets me,it sounds like the beginning of the song “it’s tricky” ALWAYS TRICKS ME
To add to the tragedy of The Tale of Iroh, his tears were 100% real, as the voice actor Mako stayed to voice this episode even after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Everyone Angry at Zuko for choosing to side with Azula instead of Iroh and the gang in the finale, but honestly him choosing Mai over Jin disapoints me more, cuz dam, Jin is fiiiine
Comment
Comment
I hate that even when you explain the whole scene with iroh that Im tearing up.
Did he really ask who the cabbage guy is lol
Mako was the original voice actor for Iroh who died of cancer earlier in the series.
Toph's toes look longer because of an artists trick called foreshortening, it tells us that the toes are pointing towards the camera before, but in this episode, they're more flat, with the toes perked upwards, closer to 90° from the camera than in the other shot
S t o p
13:37 i wonder if sokka saw his dad use his sword to trim his beard and thus when sokka started to get a moustache he just thought ow yeah my sword is part razor
Possibly the best ad break ever, thanks Youtube. Jin and Zuko at the fountain: Now it's your turn to close your eyes.... *music swells* Ad: "Missing teenager firstname lastname was found today"
Thank you, you are the first person I ever met who shares my opinion about the dumb move of Zuko…
I would call some Avatar episodes filler but this isn’t one of them. The tale of Momo connects to the larger narrative. The tale of Zuko develops him as a character. And the Tale of Iroh actually does wonders for Uncle Iroh’s characterization.  The other tales basically were filler but I don’t care, the Tale of Sokka was hilarious.
Can’t wait for tomorrow’s episode my guy!
Toph and Katara had a ROCKY relationship. Get it? GET IT?!
Only joined the channel a few days ago and you've already tripled your subs. Loving the content! And the evolution of your editing has been really really good.
I know this comment will get buried, but something I just realized is that and, kinda heavy spoilers for Warframe ahead, but 'Smiles From Juran' from Warframe and 'Leaves From The Vine' sound INCREDIBLY similiar, as well as their stories being pretty similiar. Both Umbra and Iroh were great warriors who lost their sons by their own hand, and carry a lot of regret over it.
Youre great, keep it up
"Hey Katara, would you say you and Toph have a _Rocky Relationship?"_
“The animation on toph here would make you think she fake laughed three times but actually she fake laughs two times and then inhales” LMFAO how oddly specific LMAOOOO
I always just assumed the mini-panthers in the Tale of Momo were escaped from the zoo, and that it was taking place concurrently with the Tale of Aang (or Aang missed some). Now that I think about it, I've never really questioned that assumption, it always just seemed obvious to me
Fun Fact The Cabbage Merchant Was Shown Getting Denied Entry On The Boat Ride Because His Cabbages Might Contain Slugs, But For Some Reason He Mysteriously Is In The Town Selling Cabbages.
"toph and katara had a bit of a rocky relationship" heh, rock
And now ive run out of episodes
11:45 I think that after the sand benders captured appa they ravaged through their stuff to check for valuables, and after not finding any they just threw them on the ground soo...
Are you gonna over explain The Legend of Korra too?
Just found this channel and love it! cannot wait to hear your thoughts on the Crossroads of Destiny! Keep up the great work!
8:00 i make of it: open air? I think i'm a littlle nervous yes
Oh fuck yeah
Tophs toes.... Mmmm....
8:35 "In fall the clean plum drops" is only 6 syllables right?
I'm generally not someone who cries while watching movies, but god DAMN that last scene in The Tale of Iroh always fucks me up. I can't even think about that song without getting choked up. A kids' show has no right to be pulling heart strings like this, but here we are.
JUST HERE TO HELP OUT A FUCKING LEGEND
My favorite new channel! I’m craving this content!
Guy 1:"[The] thing in the cage is not a chicken" Guy 2: "What's that mean?" Guy 1: "Just look at the f*ckin' thing!" Guy 2: "This is an imported chicken, very rare, f*ck you." I love every part of this edit
When this is done we need a compilation of every "INCONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF NORMAL PIG" and other memes you put into this.
I’m so glad YouTube recommended you to me
I was here before this channel reached 100k subs
1:20 eh in truth I see it in the lines of Toph allowing herself to let her guard down and then just got burned for doing so.
As do I, every time
Since nobody else seems to be saying it:  A haiku follows the 5-7-5 format, but each line should be a legible statement on it's own as well.  An old silent pond A frog jumps into the pond- Splash! Silence again.  This way you get to look at the scene as a whole, and you have the option to slow down and appreciate each moment that makes up a memory :)
This channel has been keeping me so entertained the past couple days this guy is actually funny and has good content
We see the cabbage guy 3 times before this episode
I feel like you could play that iroh scene out of context to a room of people who have never seen Avatar and still get them to at least well up with tears.  The performance is so good and the story is so subtle yet clear that it's a self-contained encapsulation of everything the show stands for. If you just chopped off the rest of the episode and called this a short film, it could stand on its own as one of the strongest pieces of story telling ever made.
Ranking the mini stories:  Iroh > Momo > Zuko > Toph/Katara > Sokka > Aang  ...None are bad of course, but some really resonant and some are just tonal palate cleansers.
I’m surprised you didn’t point out the fact that when they scrub Tophs feet it would be the equivalent of scrubbing your eyeballs with a brush
11:24 ZUKO: THE LAST DOORBENDER
This channel is a gold mine I’m going to like and comment and as many of your videos as I watch as possible. Subscribed!
moar. Love this
im 26 and i have watched all ur EP in the last few days. PLS KEEP IT COMING. I LOVE UR CHANNEL SOOOOOOO MUCH
Did I really subscribe the exact day he overanalised the best episode in the show?
With Toph manipulating the mud mask I always thought of snails or slugs and less aliens... might just be me though  Toph being dolled up last episode was for a mission though and in a way she hated from her upbringing. This was fun and what she wanted  On more insight on Toph's inner working I can recommend HelloFutureMe's video on her character arc!  Oh that was it about Sokka? I really like that he got this extra layer as someone who appreciates poetry and is really damn quick about it considering he's probably never done it before. On the fly no less.  I think him accepting that as a man you are allowed to appreciate the finer things in life is a nice touch from the mysogynistic toxic male Sokka from Ep 1  The risk factor of Zuko's firebending is a really interesting point. Also I feel like this shows his change from a paranoid angsty teen who just knows everyone hates him to a lovely chill dude.
“Wanna know what else is a good one”? *ad*
4:00 With bending would a tiny little man with a tiny little knife be threatening at all
fuck man i love this series
Dude you had 20k subscribers yesterday and are growing like fire, excellent video!
I love the end credits when you assing your patreons epics tittles
i was here before he became big, he is awesome for analysing my childhood
Oh dude I just binged your whole series yesterday, now 12 hours later you do the best episode from the show?  Best feeling.
Uncle Iroh is the very best version of what masculinity can look like. The Tale of Iroh encapsulated the essence of what that means.
So happy to have found this channel and the community behind it! It’s feels good knowing there is a place where me and all the other avatar fans can flock to
*dripping with vapid bitch energy** that one hit different
I don't think this is exactly a controversial opinion, but I honestly think Jin has more chemistry with zuko than mai does.  That's not to say mai is a bad character or anything, but I honestly just don't feel any chemistry there. I guess their childhood friend stuff, but personality-wise, I'm just not sure she quite fits. Jin's goofy confidence contrasts well with zuko's awkward self-doubt (at this point in the story, although I personally feel like he never really stops second-guessing himself). She has many of the traits that he at this point in the story Lacks, which I think was absolutely intentional, but it's kind of devastating to see that she's never really brought up again. I think personality-wise she kind of just fits better than mai, who kind of feels like she doesn't play off of Zuko's personality all that much, or vice versa.  Of course, Jin at this point in the story also doesn't know that Zuko is Prince of the Fire Nation, and that might cause some strain at a later point in the story, so tragic as it is, I don't really know if there's a narrative way to make them get back together. I suppose you could do it in the comics, since Zuko and mai eventually break up I'm pretty sure, but it would probably have to have a whole Arc dedicated to it, that's not one of those things you can just say happened and not show with how much stuff needs to be resolved for it to work.  I actually feel bad about a lot of the relationships in the show, you'll have relationships like Suki and Sokka which have great chemistry and the characterization really complement each other, but then you'll have something like Mai and Zuko or Aang and Katara which are... Fine, but honestly lack that Dynamic of contrasting character traits that make for fun interactions.   I actually think that's kind of why sokka literally has chemistry with every girl ever, he's such a well-written goofball but it doesn't really matter who he's paired again, whether it be Suki, ty lee, toph, etc, he plays off of them super well and it feels Super natural. It's honestly amazing how they managed to characterize Sokka as a complete dork but somebody that you could genuinely see having romantic success at the same time.
Did anyone else tear up during iroh's song
Love the channel and the humour. Can’t wait for book 3 and the ember island episode! Also this is one of favourite episodes. Iroh is the best part of episode. How he treats everyone he comes across, helps someone who attacks him. Then goes to celebrate his son’s birthday. Leaves from the vine will never, not make me cry. Every time. Iroh reminds me of my own grandfather who passed away and when I hear the song it reminds me of him. This episode means the most to me personally.
I waited for this episode so long
Zutara? Nah. Jinko's were its at!
Saw this in an askreddit post, but the girl who finds her cat in the zoo during Aang's portion was apparently a make-a-wish kid who wanted to either meet the creators or be in the show, so they designed the character to look like her and had her read the lines.
YouTube algorithm is really blessing this guy and I think it’s great. Love your channel man keep it up!
I don't know if this is true, but I heard that the portrait they used for Lui Ten was Mako's portrait for when he served in the Japanesse army, except dressed up as a Fire Nation soldier. I like to think it is, for the double send off.
*takes a deep breath* Okay, here we go Edit: Yeah... as expected, that was hard Also oh shit, i just realised next episode is Appa's lost days. Oh no.
Wait I just thought of something.  Are you keeping track of the moon cycles to make a joke during the Bloodbending episode ?  Something like : " Oh no, waterbenders can only bloodbend during a full moon. Good thing these are exceedingly common in the Avatar universe. Thanks Yue ! "
I think its also cool that of all the characters, its Momo here whose segment is actually linked to the overarching plot.
I think the first time I saw Iroh's tale I didn't cry. I rewatched it after getting the significance, and will never make that mistake again.
Cant believe you missed the totally orthodox monkey in momos story.
I just found you and I'm addicted! I've been on a Binge not gonna lie. keep it up bro
WOAHHHH. This man went from 30k to 60k in a day or two. get this man more!!!
The subtitles at 12:35 are hilarious
Toph is in distress and thus outstretching her toes, while in "The Library" she's relaxed. It isn't that she's off-model, it's just that her toes *LOOK* longer because she's stretching them
So about your anylize in the beginning, about toph feeling like a girls finally. It's not just the makeup, it's the whole act of treating one set, while surrounded by other woman.  Even for tomboys, we also need the girly stuff now and then
Ha ha "Rocky Relationship"
I have binged this entire youtube channel in 2 days keep up the good work :D
Great content, Just binged my way up to here, and can't wait for more!
I cant wait till he gets to the episode where Sokka makes his sword that one of my favorites :D
"had a rocky relationship" Is that a fucking avatar the last airbender reference in a show called avatar the last airbender in a series called overanalyzing avatar? unsubbing (jk)
Yes I'm so happy you're covering this today
Was recommended one of your videos out of the blue. Clicked on it for the nostalgia, stayed for the great content and humour. Really well put together, great job!
Very good series
Hog-Monkeys were shown in the beginning of "Jet" too.
Man is even calling out the toes these vids are great
Yep I got the money for it and lol it is so good to I have to get it done and I can try it again I will try it again I can see if your guys can come
Egg go brrrr
God I love this episode and man the Iroh short makes me at least tear up each time
Gin > May
hey man great work binged evrything in the past 12 hours playing a game i love it keep it going
I must know where that music note when Ang blows into the whistle. If you get a chance please tell me
I was looking forward to this episode, and also not looking forward to it because the Tale of Iroh hits me in the feels EVERY...TIME. And I feel like it comes at the perfect time in the series. Iroh has developed so much as a character by this time, and it just feels like the right time for us to get this deep with him. To experience that particular pain in his life, as well as see how he is so much more than that one event.
God just the intro strings to Leaves from the Vine bring tears to my eyes. Iroh is the best character ever put to media. I learned so much from him watching this show as a kid.
My favorite Canadian YouTuber
This is the most amazing chanel ive found in a while, cant wait to see the rest of the episodes!!
Holy shit I fucking love this series
This is for sure my favorite episode but I will admit it’s not the best… (That title goes to CrossRoads of Destiny)
Is the tale of Aang the infamous second time that someone earthbends without touching the ground?
Can’t wait till we get to one of my favorite scenes where katara has her time with zuko and STOPS THE RAIN
Damn bro the tale of iroh hits me different every time.
You calling out Toph noticing whether the girls lied or not, made me notice why she also accepted Katara's compliment so easily. It really made her feel better 'cause she completely knew Katara wasn't lying. That's wholesome.
Damn I swore when I subbed like 3 days ago you only had 15k subs 😂
I love the amount of success this channel is having. From the support and the content i have a strong feeling it’s only gonna get better
I'm insanely grateful to have found this channel only 2 days ago, just in time for this ep review
I need the universe to hear that I love the Avatar series. And I appreciate you taking the time to make these episodes. They are on point.
12:25 I'm almost certain that this is the same roaring sound effect that was used often in El Tigre.
I looked at your channel less than 4 hours ago and it was at around 50.000 and now it is nearly 60.000. My god you are growing fast! So glad to see Avatar is still as beloved as it should be!
Dude, awesome work, but while aang was making the zoo pen you forgot to mention that was one of the ungrounded earthbending moments, which seem either uncommon or difficult based on usage in the show.
F
We actually see a bending sport in every culture.  In the Nomads, we see Air Ball.  In Ba Sing Se we see the kids and their Earthbending Sport.  In the Fire Nation we see Acrobatics and Darts/Knife Throwing (Tai Lee and May)  In the Water Tribe, we see penguin sledding.
Ugh. When I rewatched this last year, I really understood the tale of Iroh as an adult, and man. Tears. Real real tears.
Finally this is technically the only filler in avatar but it's the best episode
I fucking love this shit always comment for the algorithm
Why do you keep saying you’ve never seen the cabbage man? He’s there kinda often 🥺
Woo!!
Ahh only one episode to go before,  " welcome to my creepy basement "
what happened to JIn's hair? she had tails first and later not?
You're a good guy :D
My eyes got all watery when you started talkin about Iroh. Everytime man ;o;
engagement
Hey ^^ Greetings from Germany I’ve just watched the entire series with my gf and your channel just popped up 😂 Subbed thon
I love your videos and I always stop what I'm doing so I can watch them right as or right after they drop. Keep up the good work!
Jin's lowkey kinda hot.   and she has more of a personality than Mae  Zuko x Jin squad forever.
Love your stuff dude. Found one episode and had to binge watch the rest. Keep on keeping on.
I don't count it as filler strictly because of what irohs part is actually about
it saddens me you asked us if you could take a break, i voted no, bcuz i really love your videos, but ofc you can take a rest :(
So, is he also gonna try to do Korra or is this just an Atla thing?
I don’t think I’ve encountered another scene in media that consistently makes me tear up like how Leaves From The Vine and Appa’s return does for me.
Just out of curiosity, when you finish ATLA are you gonna do the same series for Korra?
Something else that doesn't seem to get mentioned too often is why Aang went to the zoo. Perhaps he was looking for someone?
Comment for the algorithm
😭
Oh heck. I never noticed Iroh’s thing was just him being a good dad. I just never realized that was the point. I figured it was just Iroh being good.   Fricking big sad times
The "cows" seem to actually be based on oryx antelopes :)
I love this series, subbed.   Really, I don't comment often, but I had to let you know to keep it up!
Honestly, while I like Zuko's episode, I find it painful to watch.
Love your content buddy keep it coming 👌
I was literally scrolling after finding your channel today thinking "Wonder when the tales of ba sing se is gonna come out" The lord truly does work in mysterious ways (That lord not being god and obviously iroh)
bronana deranna
Babe wake up new Overanalyzing avatar!
Happy to have found this channel, awesome work.
4:53 you fucking snapped with that breakdown. Also love the use of Baker Street love those moments you make
"Toph and katara had a ROCKY relationship" I don't think that earth bender pun was intended 😅
Its crazy to think that just 12 episodes ago. Zuko was in a similar situation with an earth nation girl where he literally swatted her hand away. Now he's opened up enough to actually let his guard down and go on a date with one.
You missed the cabbage guy running joke! You see him at least two other times in other episodes having his cabbages destroyed and said « No my cabbages!!! » but this time he lost hope and just said « never mind ». Great video though!
i started watching this series on a whim and binged the entire thing over 2 nights, what im learning is i need to rewatch this series again, the last time i did i must have been 13 and missed a lot of great detail. thanks for this series and keep up the great work
Hey, found your channel just today, and it's absolutely brilliant! Thanks for the amazing content!
Can't wait when you to get famous.
yep...that the one i was waiting for you to get to ah fuck...i wasnt as ready as i thought i was....and now, im crying
I’ll be sad when he gets through all the episodes 😔
That bridge is almost as bad as the one in warriors of Kyoshi
Thank you youtube algorithm. Finally a great channel and not trash
"oppai makes him a little nervous"  my best guess on the whisperings lmao "... makes him a little nervous" is for sure what I'm hearing the oppai part, it just sounds funny
Was toph not going for a snail?
to this day I’m still a bit salty that Jin and Zuko were never end game, although Mai and Zuko’s relationship contributes some great stuff to the story.
I've been looking forward to this episode
3:39 the first season of lok doesn't exist apparently
Found this channel and loving it!
Oh the voice actress for the terrible girls making fun of toph is absolutely grey delisle. recognize that queen ANYWHERE
the "aaa.. fuck! here we go" That is my exact feeling every time I watch this episode.
been waiting for the tales of ba sing se since i found this channel!
I love this channels style, Never knew I needed it but I love it
I thought Toph was mimicking a snail.  And the door crack didn't mend itself, when he closed the door it changed the angle light hit it at thus rendering it invisible when viewed head on....
Ahhh. One of the best episodes ever.
The girl wasn't technically telling a lie (she actually believed), she just didn't finish her statement.
Holy shit yesterday you had like 30k subs
got into this channel since the release of the last installment, and gotta say its good stuff so far!
Here it is, the episode we have been anticipating for some time now!
I dont know how you do it but you make some of the absolute best content on this platform, keep going!
I just found this channel and I’m so glad another video came out xp. I’m excited for more :)
I would have pointed out how Jin sounded like she rehearsed that line 50 times before saying it to Zuko. Like she obviously went into that shop building up courage all the time so you could easily believe she had some confidence issues and came up with and rehearsed that line
I just noticed this is one of the few episodes when earthbend is performed by somone who isn't standing on the ground (Aang on air scooter)
Why didn't you talk about momo's dance. Best scene ever.
still loving this series
In S1E3 there was another instance of sports in this world. Aang played Sokka in a game of Airball. Wasn't much of a match but we were introduced to a bending sport.
SECRET TUNNELLLLLL
Love this guy
im so glad youre finally poppin off dude. i think i was with this channel since about the kyoshi warriors episode, its great to see you come this far. heres hoping you go even farther. and i love that this fandom of ours is still in such a resourgence too-
Zuko just has no game.
This episode has one objective flaw in my eyes; the Iroh Story should have been the finale. Stories with Katara and Toph and Aang's story should have been first and second - Sokka's Story is solid middle with the comedic aspect. These vignettes would have set the stage for the viewer that this was a collection of short and funny stories. Then with Zuko being the penultimate one, the audience would be clued in that there was something more to this episode. and then it hits you with the full emotions of Iroh's Story. It should end with that. That's when they know what they saw was art.
After binging you’re channel for a few days, I gotta say, I really wanna watch your new episode… but then at the same time, what the hell am I gonna do for a month waiting for the next one? Re-watch Avatar?  Lol
0:48 that's probably not an alien, it's a snail frog!
mmm, dats good shit
I’ve been waiting for this for a while , Irohs tale brings a tear and a smile to my face it’s definitely my favourite scene in avatar
song at 7:14 ?
I gotta say I often only think about irohs story in this but seeing your video makes me realize the larger perspective each story plays in each character
Im suffering on my period but this vid made my day better
glad to see you posting! good video!
3:17 My reaction every time too
I was blessed by the algorithm yesterday and found this channel, love it!
Noooo the cabbage guy is the one from the episode where they fight the big water snake, best character :')
Shouldn’t this have been like the cabbage merchants fourth time getting his stall destroyed by the avatar’s actions? Plus doesn’t he get a cameo in the legend of kora’s first season
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
I knew what i was getting in to, but dammit, you really made me shed a tear with the Iroh scene.
Am i wrong or does he thousends of subs per day
This mans channel was at 27k 3 DAYS AGO!!! God DAMN
My absolutely favorite episode. And not just because of Iroh's story. I just liked the simple small stories and thought they were well done.
The over the top compliments on top patrons is the reason I always watch to the complete end cause they are so fun
I’ve just binged this entire channel in one day and have just caught up, don’t know what to do with myself. If only there was a way to get the next 2 episodes early...
Damn we need a public discord
7:24 the guy in the backround crying is cabbage guy
7:14
22K views in an hour! I'm glad this channel is finally getting the recognition it deserves.
commenting for algorithm gods
The murmuring you heard in Sokka's part, from what I can make out is "It's opening night. I'm a little nervous."
Hey when are you going to start doing overanalyzing legend of Korra
3:41What about pro bending in lok or air ball from episode 3?
I was waiting for this episode! Love this one
Found this channel yesterday via Connoreatspants yet already love it
Lmao we all know this episode
20k after 1 hour, damm everyone just found this channel
I think in order my favourite segments are  1: Iroh 2: Zuko 3: momo 4: toph and katara 5: aang 6: soka
Boys cried when Momo rested in Appa’s foot print  Men cried when Iroh sang leaves from the vines  Legends cried when Sokka was thrown out of the poetry room
Aang earth bending without touching the ground 7:33
Are you making a joke about the cabbage guy cuz we see him like 7-10 times though out the show
Best Atla content on the youtubes!
Maybe we are all Cabbage Merchants
Yoooooo i juwt finished the entire series and then this comes out! Thank you for making this series!
Was waiting for this one ;)
Not sure if you're going to continue this into LOK, but they do have bending related sports in that, though I know it's not exactly what you meant when you said we never see anything like that again.
You know what's the best thing about ATLA? It was always unpredictable. I legitimately thought that Zuko's story would be about learning humility abandoning the Avatar quest and just trying to be a good person, getting closer with common people  until the fire nation forces him back into a role he doesn't like and threatens his newfound home, but what we got was so much better, even if it shared some motifs
2:45  "Rocky relationship."  That had to have been intentional.
About the Tale of Zuko, yes, he knows using firebending is dangerous, but that's the point. He would risk being found out just to make a girl he just met happy. She showed him a life he never had, and I think when he kisses her back he considers living here, away from the war, but is then brought away from her as he remembers his "destiny". Such a well written tale that I think honestly affected Zukos story a lot in the later episodes.
It is this episode alone that made Iroh my favorite character in the franchise. It is also why I will always say that this the best single episode in the franchise.  Day of Black Sun, Seige of the North, Sozin's Comet, The Drill, and many others are fantastic episodes.  But simply nothing compares to The Tales of Ba Sing Se.
7:37 those are clearly agricultural fields.  And literally just destroyed farms to make this zoo.
Good shtuuoof
I'm glad the drill episode showed up in my recommended. I binged all the episodes and am now in time for the overanalyzation of the best 4 minutes avatar has to offer
The cabbage man jokes are pure gold. Thank you
rocky relationship?
I binged the whole series last night and can't decide if i want to bing the avatar now or just wait for all the episodes to get covered here xD
When Iroh cries, his tears get lost in his beard. Idk why I like this
Where is the discord?
HELL YEAH TIME TO FUCKING CRY
Holy shit dude, you've blown up in the last couple days. Last time I checked you were around 10k subs. Congrats!
either you start to cry when Uncle Iroh is singing or you're not human
The respect given to Iroh and his voice actor Mako in this episode always makes me tear up. And that this episode does a lot of work furthering the stories of everyone else is a nice touch that I wish more shows that model themselves like this did too.
The send off to Mako always gets me
Supporting great content!
3:40 is that a Korra dig?
Comments for the algorithm.
Another sad fact is this was the last episode iroh's first va Mako who had cancer voiced iroh so it's 10x more depressing
I just finished binging your videos. Good timing! :P
I heard opium makes me nervous
7:01 That cabbage seller was from the refugee passport centre to enter Ba Sin Se
How did cabbage man get into basingsei? Isn't there a ban in cabbages?
YOUR THE BEST! im SOO sad i have to wait for episodes now i discovered like two days ago and ive already watched everything. Ps when your done with ATLA series will you do a korra series. or go more in depth, or do like top tens. i know we are still kinda far away but just an idea <3
Katara and Toph have a… ROCKY relationship!
I've really fallen for your avatar analyzing! It honestly made me start ANOTHER rewatch of the show haha.
I just finished binge watching everything you’ve done so so this was a great surprise
Man... When ATLA and Korra ends, will this channel stop making videos? I'm not ready for that.
A not so fun but sad fact: the picture of lu ten resembels mako in his younger years
This episode does something moat shows can never accomplish. It makes their people human.  It breathes life into this fantastical world. People are still people, not some ideal specimens. Iroh is the largesr example, for he has that fucking gut renching motive that makes you cry every time with that song. He is like a good D&D character. All of them are in fact.  They have drives, dreams, flaws, and failures, but none make them insufferable or too perfect. They are what they should always be  People
Just found your channel subbed
1:20 Toph can detect lies by noticing physical changes in a person. But the first thing the girl said was a lie. So i guess there was no way for her to notice it.
I already know I'll cry at literally 1 frame of this video
Bruh no one talking about vines from the leaf
so happy you were in my recommended like a week ago. i would literally watch them all rn if they were out.
Really loving this channel! Been watching the entire series again because of it and I realise how amazing a series it is. Thanks!
I've been subbed to this channel for two days, and every video I watch there's significantly more subscribers
Are you going to be covering Korra as well? I really hope you do. Despite what other people say, I really like the show.
Rewatching this show always makes me tear up a bit, the hard hitting nostalgia of my happy childhood always makes me sad. Lol
Aren't the land in the outer wall farmlands to grow food for the city?
yay,new vid :)
7:55-8:00 I hear   "hope him  ain't angry, I'm a little nervous"
This was the hardest episode to watch out of them all, specifically Iroh's part, but after understanding what that part of the episode is, it became necessary to watch in Honor of Mako, the voice of Iroh up to that episode he never even got to see it.
Are you going to do Korra after ATLA?
I found this channed a few days ago and watched all the vids in 1 day. Great work, keep it up!
‘Baker Street’ has entered the chat
I don't know your stance on Korra but they do a lot of bending sports
11:24 fix-it Felix would be proud
Just when i was thinking...
Appa’s lost days next. Favourite episode can’t wait
6:06 I love what you said here.
in regards to aang building the zoo, i was always impressed at him bending two elements at the same time
See white Lotus watching over team avatar. Sorry for commenting so much love the channel. I got my girlfriend hooked on your channel too.
2:46 a true Sokka fan I see.
Not sure but I think the cabbage guy is from when they tried to get to the city with no passports. It is a reocuring joke, first his cabbage gets messed up because of protecting the ecosystem, now because of the kangaroo thingie. Maybe i am just not catching obvious irony here Edit: Nvm its a running joke and i am a dum dum
Jin >>>>>> Mai
"Would I call this a filler episode? I think if you really get Avatar, you wouldn't be asking this question."   Say it louder for those in the back.
There is no baa in waa sing seyy
Just found the chanel today and saw the whole playlist. Got sad to reach the end only to get ECSTATIC to find that this episode aired half an hour ago!! You're extremely talented, keep up the work!!
That scene with Iroh And the song Always makes me cry.
Damn you for making me cry my own tears over a cartoon.
I'm not ready for Appa's list days 😭
The Tale of Iroh makes me sad, but did you know that the Yuyan can pin a fly to a tree from 100 yards away without killing it
I close my eyes and you have 60k?? Nice
Thanks for doing this. I am so excited that we get to more Avatar soon with the live action series. But this has been a nice fill-in. It allows me to somewhat re-watch the series with a friend without having to rewatch it for the 100th time. I could talk about this show forever.
algorithm comment
I watched every single one your videos yesterday, I LOVE your content!
God i cannot describe how much i love that my favorite show i used to watch when i was sick at home resurfaced and became so popular. I can finally share my joy with people.
Also irohs tale is so sad definetly a beautiful tear jerker.
Also, a tiger-dillo can be seen in aangs tale. I think the only time it is ever mentioned by name is by zuko when he is training aang in “the firebending masters”
Such a good channel. I never knew I needed this.
I love the patron compliments.
The man crying in the background at 7:27 is the cabbage man
Early:)
Sad fact about Iroh that makes his tale even sadder.  It's confirmed that Iroh has ties to the spirit world. And it is confirmed that he has been to the spirit world in search for his dead son. :(
One other thing I have noticed in Iroh's Tale - He first helps make the Baby happy / then he helps the Kids / then he helps the Young Man trying to mug him / then at the tree remembering his son : This is (at least to me) seems to be a direct reference to the timeline of his son - Baby / Kid / Young Man / Gone
When I heard you say “would I consider this a throwaway episode” I got very offended for a second lmao.
The difference between Toph dressing up for the party and dressing up here... I think it's that she chose to rather than had to. She went to the spa and put on make-up as Toph not as some noble mask.
Oh shit, new episode dropped, inject it directly into my veins, please.
Good Stuff
M
If you don't tear up when leaves from the vine play, you litteraly have no heart.
Oppa's lost days next? ah man... That one is sad like most of the episode...
I hope the algorithm keeps blessing you
im really happy this channel got on my recommended
Wake up babe  new Overanalyzing Avatar video
So, i have binge this channel for the last 3 days, first : Thanks Second : I see you making fun of viewers that dont know some things there and there :D
Glad I found this channel
cant wait for season 3
the murmuring in the soka story was. hope he can make it he looked a little nervous yesterday
Shhh Mai is far superior to any Earth Kingdom girl.
I am in Love with your channel. Your delivery, your perception, your humor. You have inflamed my love of this show to a point I didn't think was possible. Thank you for being you!
" Leave a comment" here it is just for you lol.
Nice
Channel is srt8 gas
This guy will shoot into the stratosphere soon
i found you today and gotta say cant stop watching ya
Who would ever call this a filler episode? I will fight you!
When u finish wit Avatar, u gon do Korra videos too?
3:18 my precise reaction
Zuko was the young soldier boy who came marching home.
Good episode
Yo, truly an amazing channel man. Hope you seriously kick off come Book 3, this content is truly a treasure, and hope more fans, new and old, can see this and dissect it with the community. *For the Fire Nation!*
for the algorithm
Overanalyzing… toph’s feet? Youre dirtier than tophs feet
commenting for the algorithm
Came for the avatar, stayed for toe continuity.       Jokes aside love this channel, I’ve only been watching for a few days but this has already became one of my favorite channels
2:15 OMG that is hilarious.  As great as Iroh's story is, I absolutely love the fact that they took the time to develop Momo as a character and his relationship with Appa.
ive been bingeing all your videos these past 2 days. love your content homie
Honestly one of my favorite things in these videos, aside from the amazing breakdowns of the characters and cutting to the core of the show, is the unique and individualized compliments you come up with for each of your patrons. It may not seem like much to some, but to me, it really shows how much you care about the people who are supporting your videos, and that's not something you see very often.  Thanks for the amazing content!
2:49 I keep thinking about sokka giving his actor the aang and toph have a rocky relationship line
Your channel is like a mashup of CinemaSins and a theory video. It’s great 😊
comment
Interesting fact, the text on Lu Ten's portrait says "General Iroh, I will see you after we obtain victory. Your loyal son, Lu Ten" This tells us two things: 1. it's not a commemorative picture and 2. it might be a self portrait. Usually the writing on a painting is written by the painter, combined with it being a message and it makes it even more likely. Which means that Lu Ten might've been a talented painter. Hell, painting might've been his true passion but he joined the military out of obligation
One fact that I think should be brought up is that the voice actor who replaced Mako (Greg Baldwin) refused to sing 'Leaves From the Vine' because it was 'Mako's Song'.  Tons of respect
Tale of Iroh is one of those episodes that can easily bring anyone who watched ATLA to the verge of tears or even opening weeping by just the mention of it. i have lost track of how often i have cried to it. Revisiting it recently has caused me to rewatch the scene over 5 times. and every single time. i break down like a baby weeping the moment Iroh says "If only i could have helped you."
Oh no
I'm finally not amazingly late
A friend of mine is watching atla for the first time and I'm so hyped. Can you guys remember the first time experiencing this masterpiece? Anyhow, super cool to see this channel getting more popular. It's not about the numbers ofcourse, but you deserve the recognition my dude!
Just stumbled across your episode on the drill yesterday. Good thing I watched literally every episode you've done between then and now.
left a like and a comment on this video
I thought okay your son is dead I guess its sad
young ladies, i rock ya!
7:48  I'm just realizing how old this episode is because I distinctly remember watching it in 6th grade.  Actually learned what a Haiku is and showed off in class the next day because of Sokka's little story.
Don't mind me, just doing my part in helping out the channel
Just watched this episode. I found your channel last night and i had to go back and rewatch the series
Algorithmic accelerator comment
Since when did you pass 50K? CONGRATS M8
I hope u get more famous, your content is awesome
Me: Ok here it come... you know it's coming just be cool. Iroh: "leeeaaves from the vine..." *starts tearing up* Me: *full out bawling* NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IRRROOOOHHHHH DON'T BE SAD.... AAAAAAAHHHHHHH FUCK
Just discovered this channel today. It’s incredible.
oh man this episode :(
the channel that i never even knew i needed. good work my friend i appreciate you and your content immensely :)
Been loving these
Another great video loved it! I am also happy that this got some good views!
“Fuck, just let me be happy”   Could not be more relatable with this arc.
I love this channel, keep it up man
This is great I finished all your other episodes just in time for this to premier
"Is this a filler episode? If you actually get avatar, you wouldn't be asking that question." What a line.
do you think Aangs arrow tats split at his cheeks and go over both or did they go down the alley...
As a poet, I really appreciate Sokka's story. All haikus have a 5-7-5 syllabic pattern but not all 5-7-5 syllable poems are haikus!
Congrats on 50k+ You finally got the boost in subscribers that you deserve. Your content is amazing and I'm happy that I've found your channel so early to enjoy your content. Ur doing good m8
Love the series!
Piece of trivia i think you missed that i havent actually confirmed but if you listen you can tell: Mako doesnt voice Iroh in the earthbending soccer scene, its the other guy
How was your euro trip
Good video :D (Btw I just posted this comment after the premiere)
wait appa's not around...holy shit
NORMAL PANTHER
I wonder, why didnt toph like, squeeze the sand around the library into solid ground so she could see and stuff?
This video is making me cry all over again! 🥺😭
iroh and zuko in this particular episode got me all teared up
They are not normal cows they are a mix between a cow and a scimitar horned oryx
I dont know how comments help, but I hope this helps since you asked :)
Normal person: "Oh look its a full moon. Pretty" Overanalyzing Avatar: "Rrrrrreeeeeeeeeee!!!"
love it!
always hyped
so, tea symbolizes the union of all 4 elements, with water being the water and various ways and types of tea can be used, healing enjoyment or poison, earth being what the plant grows in and how some teas have a fortifying effect, air is the aroma and freeing and relaxing effects it can have, and fire is the energy that helped the plant grow as well as the fire that heated the tea.
Hey, Aang want grounded during that earth bending
Todd’s feet
Jin is voice by Grey
I'm so happy this channel is finally getting the attention it deserves. Honestly one of the funniest channels out there
tear up every time I see the tale of Iroh
Missed detail: that little girl at the end of the zoo scene is modeled after a make a wish girl who asked to be put in the show
When I was a kid, I used to watch this show from time to time on TV but never followed the story.  This channel made me appreciate what an amazing show The last air bender is; and made me watch it start to finish.
Lol
Great video
I never knew I needed the tale of Iroh until I'd join the navy even though my friend committed suicide. I will still Celebrate and Honor her birthday. each year
I just find this channel 4 hours ago and already new content!? I'm in love
Dude I swear, you've gotten me back into Avatar, and I thank you so much for that!
😂😂😂 we all look like the guy with the bad stance
I think the reason why Toph felt bad for what the girl said is because the girl actually believed with her heart that Toph looked like a clown and that's why she felt happy when Katara told her she is pretty.
You get it? Rocky relation ship
Haha katara and toph have a "rocky" relationship... ehehe
sokka should feel proud about how impressively sharp his machete is that he can take his mustache off in two strokes.
If time moves forward endlessly then doesn’t mean everything will happen within time
Was soooo hyped for this one🤩
Good stuff
Toph with the mud on her face looked like a slug.
Maybe a snail
I like to think that my * ALGORITHM COMMENT* and likes are making the videos more popular so heres another one!
New to the channel and I caught a premiere, nice
The best episode
yayyyy
wooo
Comment
time for sad iroh hours
yeeeeeeee
Nice to have an episode full of short stories
Heck yeah. I found you two days ago and already binged all the available episodes so I'm pumped for this 😂.
founs this channel 2 days ago its great !
Can’t get enough of your videos I just binged them all!
Epic
LETS GOOOOO
Lets go
Comment to boost yo stuff
Just leaving a comment to help the algorithm. It's not much, but it's honest work.
HI
this is a comment of support, please algorithm, be merciful to the actual creators on youtube.
HI HI
Lol
Nut time
Commenting to help support. Great channel!
Epic
This channel is amazing just found it yesterday and I binged all the vids
I set a reminder just to watch this. I discovered your channel last night.
Why do saka be so hot 😫
Just binged all your Avatar videos, you better start thurning them out quicker... or else!...
THIS COMMUNITY IS ONE OF A KIND SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE WHOS BEEN HERE OR JUST GOT HERE. LETS GET THIS MAN TO 100,000 SUBS BY THE END OF BOOK 2
I have binged this entire channel within a single day and i refuse to stop
This guy is like Glidus with ATLA but he actually uploads for god’s sake
So glad your channel exploded this past week. Deserved.
Woo, this is my new favorite channel!!
ok ill comment you win
Hi
a like and a comment
This is an uninteresting comment
Sooooo keeen
Found the series today, and binge watched every episode. Its really good.
1k likes before the video even begins. Congrats!
I left a like and comment on this video.
I literally binged this whole series yesterday and now I'm caught up
Just watched all your vids yesterday, and this might be the one I was most excited for you to cover!
HO HO this one will be interesting
Love this series. It's fantastic.
Great videos!
I was here for the Premiere
Comment: to help you getting over the algorithm or somethng
Cool stuff man
this episode is HYPE
Hey I love your commentary man I just subbed
When he finishes over analyzing The Last Airbender i want him to “analyze” Korra, but it is really him just making fun of everything
Hey, that's pretty goood!
😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
I just found this channel today and there is a new premiere? Score!
I love this channel
This is not a comment, just saying hi!
Iroh sad, everyone sad
Who disliked a premiere?
Here it is. The episode we've all been waiting for.
e
e
BING BONG BING BONG
e
e
poggers
e
e
e
e
Learning how to write, one video at a time
Here
K
Yoto
Inconclusive evidence of normal people!
Love this episode
Chad
Hope your doing well bud
the cutout of the detective sokka is priceless
hi                       im here   stawp scrolling                                          i said STAWPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
Who else was born exactly 60 seconds into the future?
Leaving a comment to help out with the algorithm. Great work!
Bob
i just watched al of the videos in 2 days while i should be studying for re-exams, shows how good this series is :p
One of the most incredible channels I ever watched, keep up the good work
commenting to increase your reach on this platform, this shit is the best
There's great stuff every episode here, it's insightful avatar commentary, but genuinely funny jokes as well. Keep it up my man!
Comment
We have reached the I'm going to cry duo! tales of ba sing se and appas lost days (the next episode)
This is a sad episode, brace yourselves.
binged the whole series in about 2 days, you produce some GOOD STUFF
there is no war in ba sing se
Offering to the algorithm. Keep up the good work!
will you overanalyze Korra after you finish Avatar?
I’m not going to cry, I’m not going to cry, I’m not going to cry….
This episode is gonna hurt
I'm so happy
ooga
This is a comment for the algorithm :) Keep at it, amazing videos ^^
good shit
Never knew i was interested in Avatar before I started watching you
thank you for making such amazing videos, i found you the other day and have just been binging all your videos. c:
Iroh: The Last Tea Lover
Who else likes weezer?
Here is an important comment for engagement part of the youtube algorithm :)
I love you
I absolutely love these series. Thx for making my favourite cartoon feel alive again.
Fun fact: leaving a comment helps a lot.
Bread 🥖
Another great video by chad nonya
Lets get it! really like the series, keep up the good work
like and comment
.
Commenting for the algorithm cause this channel deserves way more subs
I've only just since like 2 days ago discovered your channel and have been binging the whole series, and just as I get up to date, this uploads!  Huzzah.
Waiting for the youtube premiere of this video makes me wanna act up....maybe do somethin I might regret....I'm talking about watching "the last airbender."
if you want a description of how great this episode is you can just see that he had to premiere this for how good it is..
hey mate I've been loving your vids a lot the balance of jokes, editing, and analysis is so great and entertaining
Leaving a like a comment heard it helps out
I haven’t been this early since the fire nation attacked
Glad that you managed to crack algorithm with your drill episode. Otherwise I would not be able to dive into this awesome content you are making. Keep up the good work!
thanks for the great videos! stumbled upon this channel in my recommendations and watched it whole in two days
I think I left my comment on your video and I'm here to retrieve it
So excited for this vid!
Did someone say drill some walls no wait wrong episode lol
I love iroh
What the lemur monkey doin?
SKIBBITY BOP DUM DADA
Oh boy, the universe has decided today I shall be hit in the feels. Watched Schindler's List when I grabbed it at random from the movie shelf, jumped on YouTube to be greeted by story with a sad part with a child werewolf, and now an analysis Tales of Ba Sing Sa. Fine I admit I still have feelings, are you happy universe?
I like it.
I'm glad that this channel has been seeing growth like crazy.
i just found your videos last night and binged them all. it was great! cant wait for the premiere
I found you channel a week ago now I can't wait for the next episode
Oh yeah, the most long awaited episode finally arrives
Good content sir
Ah yes. One of the best episodes
Better be a banger of an episode for my favorite in the whole series
Here for the engagement. I've been here since almost the beginning. Keep up the great work.
katara and toph are a rare duo but definitely a welcome one ngl. can't wait for your analysis on iroh, zuko, and sokka's segment. LMFAOOO
Avatar is so good and your really good to. Both are extremely entertaining
So glad I found this channel a day before this episode
AANG DO BE TWIRLIN HIS STICK THO
Oh
comments is this
i love you
Discovered this channel last night. You had 45k like jesus that was fast. I really enjoy this it brings me back. Thanks for making this content.
It's time!
Commenting to help the YouTube algorithm
What's with the 2 dislikes the video isn't even out yet don't rate till you actually watch the video I mean that is critics rule #1: watch it before you judge it.
premiere gang
How is there already 2 dislikes 85 minutes before premier
Leaves from the vine Falling so slow Like fragile tiny shells Drifting in the foam  Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Come marching home  Ash in the snow Falling so slow Like fragile broken hearts with no place to go  Little soldier boy Taken from home Forced to fight a war That was not his own  Little soldier boy Cold and alone Brave soldier boy Never made it home  Leaves from the vine Changing so slow Like empty fallen souls Looking for a home Little soldier boy Thought he could soar Brave soldier boy Fallen in the war  My little soldier boy I need you home Brave soldier boy Come marching home
Keep up the good work, your growth has been insane! I just discovered this channel a week ago and it's already one of my favorites
Leaves from the Vine.
Favorite youtuber analyzing favorite episode of favorite show. This will be great
Can’t wait
Been waiting for this one!
poggers i was here at the premiere
The ending of Iroh's tale will probably emotinally destroy me again.
Oh man. I was waiting for this one
This is the one I've been waiting for.
This episode is so good and so sad and i'm at work right now so i'll watch the video later but this one's a banger
Here comes the water works
bois remember every comment we make gives him money, time to comment as much as we can
I respect this man He doesn't give a fuck what people think and says what's on his mind. Doesn't need to watch his language because he isn't a snowflake.
ebic
There may be no war in Ba Sing Se. But there's definitely tons of tears.
Oh god I can't wait to cry at Iroh's part
So glad I’ve found your channel!
Up almost another 10k subs since I woke up, great job!
I love this channel, it’s a bunch of avatar fans just chillin and making jokes. Truly an amazing channel. <3
if you heart this comment i’ll make a video ranking every avatar episode
i really enjoy your vids! keep it up
Leaves from the vine…
let's go! just bingewatched your entire library yesterday! perfect timing for a new video xD
I’m the process of commenting.
I had no idea how long it would be to see this one. This one was the first one I looked for when I discovered this channel. So I guess I'm prepared for it.
OMG OMG OMG YES YES! I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS ONE! YES YES YES!
That drill episode blew this channel up
HYPE
Love you bro you deserve all the success you get
OH SHIT ... i just found and binged this series yesterday and now i'm already rewarded with an additional episode? the YouTube gods are kind today.   Thank you dear content creator.
Damn this is going to be so good
I am so pleased that I stumbled upon this channel!
time to cry how nice
Lame I’ll be stuck in traffic when this premiers :c
Hey you asked nice, so i dont see why i wouldnt do it.
YAY
ohhhhh bitch i can’t wait for this one
Just found your channel yesterday and enjoyed it very much
your content is great i would watch this for almost any show
god you make me appreciate my favorite show a whole lot more, while somehow also making me laugh the whole way through. Sometimes the youtube algorithm just blesses you with an awesome channel and you're 100% one of those gifts
oh boy. here we go its THIS episode.. I don't wanna cry :(
Here comes the sad Iroh moment
This one's going to be good!
Favorite episode.
I’m Joo Dee, Welcome to Ba Sing Se. We’re so lucky to have our walls to create order.
Hey guys, obviously me asking for help with likes/comments has worked. If you wanna keep helping me out, leave a like and a comment on this video! I'm endlessly grateful, insane work guys.
Zuko and Jin's little slice of time together always felt a lot better to me than mai and zukos relationship ever did. jin even with his fears ended up over looking them and made him feel such a way that he forgot that he was kissing the enemy. mai is a great character by herself but it feels like her and zuko were only together because they were both angsty
My one complaint about this episode is that it makes Zuko and Iroh seem uncharacteristically stupid. They should have had their cover stories down packed at this point. In fact, the story Zuko came up with about being a circus performer could have worked if he said he did sword tricks. It would be believable, given his skill with a blade, and would provide a plausible explanation for why he has said skills.
Fun Fact: The girl whose cat gets into the zoo is a Make-a-Wish kid. She wished to meet the cast and crew and while she was there, the creators offered to draw her into the show and gave her a line to say. The story was part of an AskReddit thread yesterday and matches up with an additional voice who only has this episode for acting credits.
i'm very happy you mention that the flashback tree is not the same tree as in Tale of Iroh
the door's crack wasn't mended, it teleported to the other door Also never thought about Zuko's firebending not being as big a deal as it could be cuz of the Dai Lee
I didn't realize you added it at first, but the captions when Momo is in the cage are priceless.
